What I am really asking is whether any stats are available? It seems to be a very difficult thing to research. I just want to find out how often it happens, hopefully it will put her at ease.
Omg guys, its Jackie Chan!
I found the Warhammer 1 Old World campaign to be much better than the Vortex or ME campaign. The focus made it better. You had everything a fantasy game needed. Warhammer 2 added some amazing stuff, but since wood elves already existed and feel more like true fantasy elves, Warhammer 2 isn't needed. You basically get more Elves, rats n lizards. They are only cool for people interested in the lore. Warhammer 3 worries me because it won't be able to add much that your common denominator might love. I think the best thing for them to do is to hold off releasing it, and work on revamping Old world factions along side it. Human, Dwarf, Elf, Orc, Undead reworks alongside a massive expansion will get people back into it. This is coming from someone who mainly does Dwarf and Empire campaigns. I'm less interested in Warhammer 3 as I am having new enemies for the Dawi to crush.
Which is why they should focus on 3K awhile and when Warhammer 3 comes out they can generate more hype. People are so needy and demanding. Good games take time. Go play another game. I just downloaded Never Winter Nights 2 and I'm having a blast.
I didn't like it. I remember doing a Goths campaign and migrating to North Africa and building an empire there. It felt cool then I got bored. Did an Eastern Roman Empire campaign and felt confused right off the bat. On the flip side I loved my Rome 2 campaigns with Rome, Sparta and Selucides, I also played an unhealthy amount of quick battles. A lot of people don't get how amazing Rome 2s multiplayer community was.
I decided to stop playing until they release workshop.
I will add a lot of people should realize this is only chapter 1 and in the next chapters this will hardly be an issue as the Han empire won't exist.
I think if you control the Emperor when you declare yourself Emperor, you should automatically annex the Han empire and it doesn't exist anymore.
Should have secured the North. Use the rivers as a defense and funnel the enemy in. Abandon western lands to secure north, then united on 2 fronts instead of three. Defend west while you push south for capital.
As a dwarf player the new world is utterly pointless for me and I never interacted with those factions. Turn times mean more than you'd think, those ME turns times were painful.
Thank you, Pennsylvania
Liu Xun for Wu is a major player, Cao Pi will surely get a unique model, Pang Tong will surely get a unique model. You have folks like Wei Yan, Lu Meng, Pang De that can be added. Many others to add but none of the same caliber as the peach bros and Lu Bu. But the fact Zhang Jiang exists in the game shows they are capable of creating their own bad ass characters and pull inspiration from the source material. You can also surely expect a Yellow Turban start date that goes a little back in time before the rise of Big Dong, focusing on the mystic leader Zhang Jue, and Han general He Jin. Most of the current cast of fighters were involved in that conflict.
As a huge fan of Kotor, Jade Empire, Mass Effect and dragon age, and as someone who recently started DMing a 3.5 Homebrew, it's a dream come true! It has really tactical combat, and amazing party members. I hate Neeshka but her rouge skills are too useful! I love my boy Kelghar, can't wait to make him a monk, it's his destiny! Can't wait to get home and keep playing.
Already have it downloaded because of another issue. That's good to know! After I finish the campaign i might look into it. I am running through the game as an Aasmir Fire/water casting cleric. I decided my character was sent by Tyr to help guide a group of heros against evil. So now I find that my dwarf wants to become a monk of Tyr and later you get a paladin of Tyr, do 3/4 of my party are going to be followers of Tyr so I am super excited to see how that players out!
The reason she is worried is because she cuts people off, then they will complain and the manager continues to serve. She worries that she could still be liable if her manager makes her keep serving
/u/iguoris
Recruit Simi Yi if you wanna see it
Imagine being so angry at them about it that you write the above comment
Stop gay bashing. If people enjoy drawing naked bodies that's their life, stop being so bigoted.
How is it short term gratification if it takes hours? Do you know what words mean?
Visit your local game shop and ask the employees. Also try meetup.com
I try to role play as a angelic guide sent to gather heros, and she is always complaining about my choices to help people and do good. Kelghar just relates to me more and he often wants to do the right thing. I like the druid girl but I forget her name, shamefully.
Strongly disagree. It had some cool villians and animated fights. The characters were utter trash. Season 1 was decent, but overall it never captured what made TLA great.
I found the characters to be horribly written. I think it had good moments and season 1 was good, but the characters were horrible.
They never felt like the same characters each season, such drastic changes that weren't developed. Mako didn't care about Korra, then he loves her, then he loves the other girl and Korra hates her. Then Mako still loves Korra and leaves the other girl, then Korra is suddenly lesbian with Makos other girl and Mako is utterly removed from the story after being a central character since the start. So stupid.
Hating on a movie for casting white actors for roles is disgusting and racist.
*DOUBT*
Can you guys just not be like this? For God's sake.
Wow, what is wrong with you guys..
CA forced them to delete it. They should be ashamed of themselves. Stop the censorship.
CA forced them to delete it. They should be ashamed of themselves. Stop the censorship.
Exactly. Take a hike CA.
I dumped Neeshka for the bard but he's kind of annoying too. Question, is not having a rouge going to be an issue? Is there an alternative way to unlock doors and chests? I would hate to miss all that stuff because I don't like Neeshka. I plan on dumping the gnome for the Paladin. I have a feeling the guys the orcs are scared of is my paladin companion, can't wait to meet him
People hate censorship
Apparently if you try to post a picture of Morathi at the moment it gets auto deleted or filtered. So they're either auto deleted or they have to be pre approved. Glad our CA overloads are here to censor our discussion! Seeing a girl in a bikini might be really damaging to me.
Currently if you post a picture of Morathi it doesn't show up
Isn't Morathi the leader of a sex cult? What is wrong with sexuality?
Why can't it be? I abhor censorship.
Why? Grow up. The idea of actually being bothered about what other people enjoy and clamouring for censorship is bat shit insane to me.
I've played total war since medival 1, I ain't going anywhere just making a point. Corrupt mods and authoritarian CA employees shouldn't decide these things for us, that's why we have a downvote button.
This is making me uncomfortable and breaks rule 9
It's called censorship and it's wrong
Stop swearing! It's making me uncomfortable.
It says I cannot view the community.. so no I can't
Because they are "news"
A master Illusion mags kidnapped a princess, they had to climb levels of his wizard tower. One floor had a giant brick wall blocking the other side. It was a complete illusion you could walk through. On the other side was an identical brick wall but it was real and had a very high damage fire trap on it that went off when they touched it. I thought it was really obvious but they completely fell for it.
Stop funding abortions and this won't happen.
It's called a clementine
CA threatened to not come here anymore if it was allowed.
You guys are evil
Don't listen to this guy, he posts on the donald
It should worry people that they do this. They use street violence to control political dissent. They aren't stupid, every antifa video is the same because they know what they're doing. Younger masked men assault people, instigate violence. Elderly or women instantly rush the victim. They use our good nature against us, they are free to commit violence while using the visibly weak as a shield, because most conservatives won't strike an old person or a woman. This isn't funny to watch, it's horrifying.
Masked young men assault people. Unmasked elder or women rush victim, leaving him defenseless. They do this to silence political dissent.
You're deranged
Our government is controlled by malicious foreign advocates, masked thugs backef by these elites have impunity to silence political dissent. The education system, big tech, mainstream media all collaborate with these elites who want to destroy our country. These thugs use brown shirt tactics (Nazis) to silence political oppentents. They are pretty effective and are defended by the establishment. The correct reaction is not "haha lmao this is awesome!". We should be very afraid and the fear should drive us to action to counter the current status quo. We're losing on every front and Trump has little allies in power.
Conspiracy theory! Please report to your local reeducation camp citizen.
The bible says things that conflict strongly with modern views. It reaches a point you must either stop believing in the Bible or deeply offend your average person. Women shouldn't speak in church, don't have sex before marriage, don't sleep with the same sex, wives are to submit to husbands, no craven images of God, don't covet your neighbor's possessions. A lot of these things are consider irrehensible to believe, even the most conservative churches allow women to speak and show images of God. The best advice is to live your own life in accordance with the bible, look to your own soul. God will protect his people and make all things right.
What about women speaking in the church?
I was honestly just making a joke.. it's funny to hear an atheist say a topic is dubious on a Christian sub... This sub is not a sub for Christians, this is a sub ABOUT Christianity. Meaning it's also a sub for non Christians to discuss what they don't like about our religion. /r/truechristianity is a sub FOR Christians, I would recommend going there if you want that. Many of the posters on this sub are not Christians and the content reflects that.
I just think it's funny man, an athiest mod on the biggest Christian sub, it's just humorous to me. No harm meant. The sub doesn't really reflect typical Christian views in my opinion. When you have lots of unbelievers such as yourself here up and down voting comments and posts, obviously the content is going to be skewed towards non-christian views. Not sure how much but obviously it's a factor. My entire point is that it's not really a bad thing because this sub is about our religion, and isn't meant to reflect Christian beliefs, it reflects societies view of our religion, believers and non believers included. You can't have it both ways.
Really laid back manager quit, and was replaced but super bossy and strict assistant manager. Resulted in 6 people transferring to other areas of the company in the span of 2 months. I was one of them.
Not agreeing with your tone or the second part of your post, but I was also shocked to hear they went back
I don't understand. If you said "I am Christian and i believe it's wrong" they couldn't fire you for your religion??
God be with her.
Like what?
That's not true, it's was inspired by communist Russia.
Look up the story of Elijah when he fled into the wilderness. The bible says he prayed that he might die, and was visited by angels that made him eat and drink. It's in the first book of Kings, just Google it.
I mean I support the bike lanes, I am on your side, it's just because I hate bike people
Hulu is trash
Im the same way it wasn't too hard and never had many issues. It does crash so save often.
What? Why can't you find an example? If it's so common?
He did refuse to denounce the violence saying he isn't responsible for his supporters. https://youtu.be/59Wzmwfwymo I was referring to this, his own words. He may have denounced them at another time. Hard to keep track since his supporters are very often violent.
Yeah but it kind of shows a large lack of sympathy and an ability to show understanding.
https://youtu.be/59Wzmwfwymo I was referring to this. His own words.
What are you talking about? Did you watch the video? What proof?
It's in the video I linked? That's him talking? He is asked if he is responsible for his supporters violence and said no?
It sounded like you were saying it was a conspiracy theory and it honestly shows a lack of sympathy to me personally.
&gt; Sees someone responded to my comment &gt; Get excited someone cares about my character &gt; Finds an idiotic effortless political shit post Reported and downvoted, go away
Yeah but he says Trump is responsible if his commit violence, but claims he isn't when his do. I said in my other comment he probably has denounced his people's violence, I just remembered that interview where he claims he shouldn't have to, and posted the video. I'm not nearly as invested in all this as y'all are, Bernie is a decent cannidate but he's not perfect.
It's not a big deal man, I wasn't a fan of your rhetoric, have a good day
It's not comparable to me. FGM is widely denounced by most medical professionals. MGM is widely practiced throughout the US in hospitals. MGM is a much bigger issue to me than FGM, to the point I feel insulted when it's brought up.
"Don't believe quotes from random people on the internet - Abraham Lincoln" - Michael Scott
This country is going to pass through fire in the coming decades. It could get really bad. They want to destroy Christianity, they want our constitutional rights gone, they want to control the flow of information (internet, TV, Hollywood, education), they will use violence against people who stand up to them. This is nothing new, the same story has played out countless times in history. Get right with God, practice your second amendment right, look after your family, look after yourself.
Saying something isnt true simply because its a fallacy is also considered a fallacy
How can you not love this man
Why are you advocating this when the malicious intent is so obvious?
So you are worried they won't stop his plan? Let his plan succeed and give the players a chance to stop him. I currently have a secret death God as my main bad guy, they've had to fight some cult members of his. They could stop him if they are smart but I plan on him winning. I am going to give my party the means to take over his power and mantle him as the new God of death. So the final fight will be them using a special power that steals his divinity from him, so the group has to choose which of them becomes the new God of death.
Tell me about your Dwarf lore
If you don't have fun playing with him dont play with him. Let him be the DM
Had this same issue. Part of being good is fighting evil, killing evil characters is something a good character would do. Mercy is also good, but retribution is too.
Cataclysim
Less offensive spells, a lot more support oriented
What? Can you give me some examples? I use it exclusively for my 3.5 homebrew. I greatly prefer the layout over other wikis. Could you recommend an alternative?
Why? Whats wrong with it
&gt; Yes, he describes the radical left/alt left with such incredible accuracy it should horrify anyone that listens to it &gt; &gt;.. &gt; &gt;With the same brush, he's describing multitudes of morally bankrupt Trump supporters who are absolutely blind to facts. It is truly horrifying to see what has happened to our society. How scary is that. You are seeing it in action right here. We don't care about overcoming the subversion, we are focused on convincing ourselves and others that our side is actually fine and it's the other guys that are subverted.
&gt;Instead he was completely wrong and the US didn't become a communist society and Soviet Communism totally collapsed. Not sure why people think this video is interesting. It's pretty stupid and objectively incorrect. You say that but you have an open socialist running for president.
\*sunwukong155 disliked that\* &amp;#x200B; Do they have their own kingdom or are they in a state of diaspora? Have they fallen from glory and been reduced to nothing?
Get them out of your group.
&gt;this is one of those guys who open carries deliberately to provoke a reaction. It is his right to do that, it's not his fault people freak out. Absolutely disgusting that you take this stance.
Insane. He only thinks that because he wants to take that right away from us. I doubt he would be saying that if it was a right that he held dear.
&gt;These types of situations were pretty rampant a few years ago where folks would deliberately open carry to get a reaction. People exercise their right to do something because they are concerned others want to take it away from them. So citizens who want that right gone call the police, so the police go on to illegally harass and suppress that persons right. &amp;#x200B; Ever wonder if you're the baddie? Got skulls on your hat?
I suggest humility and self examination.
My only point is that it's dumb to think socialism is a thing of the past
What? Videos is a default sub, it showed up on /r/All You're insane. Lots of people care a lot about gun rights, especially when cops try to frame law abiding citizens who protest for their right to bear arms.
The only time I change rules is to simplify things so its more fun for my players and myself
That's why as a DM at that point, you can just do whatever you want.
Thanks, I know your not OP but he could use the rings as a means for it. They find a way to reverse the magic and sap the bad guys power. But basically whichever of my 3 characters uses the spell will become a greater diety in my next campaign.
And what were you? The class snitch? Grow up
They are trying to defend their rights from pieces of shit like you.
He wants to take peoples rights away so its no surprise he would side with the lying abusive cops.
That's retarded and its called fascism. Whats the point of having a right if the state can charge you for crimes because your rights cause you to violate other laws. Straight up dystopia. Ever stop and wonder if you're one of the bad guys?
He only looks like a dipshit to you because your mind is warped you fascist
Nobody else is reading this its just you and me you numb nut commie
Most bad people think so
I guess I get Goku's powers, so I should probably be able to take down superman.
Saitama is a joke character and is literally defined by being undefeatable in his universe. He's just not a good character for debating. All you can do is speculate. What is Godzilla durability feats?
Yeah blood lusted Gandalf would stomp. He is only weak because he was commanded not to use brute force.
Sorry to rile you up, have a good night
Even the SRD section? There is a homebrew section and a standard section
Lol you have so little self awarness. Thank you for reinforcing my point.
Lol I told you to be more humble and you got angry, have a good day dude
He asked for a source
&gt;When you look at figures breaking down student debt, you come to the realization that the student debt is made up about 90% minorities and women. This is what you said and somebody asked for a source and you outright refused because you are making shit up and then going on rants about unrelated subjects. We aren't asking for a source to screw with you and attack you, we are on your side (I think). If you provide a source it helps us argue this point and actually further our cause and ideas. The idea being that the student loan system is fucking corrupt and hurting our country. Seriously, I am not trying to attack you, but if somebody asks for a source just give them a source, or say you don't have one. Somebody else did post a source that proved what you said was hyperbole. 90% of student loan debt is NOT minorities and women.
Do NOT get overconfident
212 out of only 10,000 jedi in the entire GALAXY and it can be assumed those jedi present were elite seasoned Jedi Knights. But I think they went in there so recklessly because they believed if they killed Dooku they could prevent the war from starting. But it seems odd that nearly 200 Jedi would die to save 2 Jedi and a senator.. So it stands to reason their goal was to kill Dooku. I think a small duel between Mace Windu and Dooku would have cemented that better... Then have Jango interrupt like he does, and dies saving Dooku. Kind of reminds me of how all the Mandos died to help Dyn save baby yoda.
I feel like the clone wars made them look like amazing generals. And if shaolin monks and priests had supernatural powers they would absolutely be used in the military. The movies were more concerned with looking cool and being epic.
They put little breathers in their mouths in episode 1 when they followed JarJar. Force breathing used to be a thing in canon before, not sure if it still is.
The lightsabers seem to be a religous symbol to Jedi and Sith. But besides that I think they're just simply the strongest weapon in the galaxy in the hand of a trained force user. Its more of an iconic thing to make them stand out at this point.
Pretty sure that's a Han Solo quote. Yes Mandalorians have a warrior religion, at least mando considers it religous but he may have been making a joke.
Gotcha. I basically see them as space crusaders. They even got the helmets. Deus Vult.
It just makes sense on a lot of levels to introduce boba as an antagonist. Jango and Boba were a disgrace to Mandalorians while Dyn takes the creed seriously and upholds the way. I also think they did a wonderful job creating their own iconic characters before they introduce anyone from prior works. And we are talking about the guy who created the MCU... I'd be shocked if this show didn't connect with characters from other shows and the movies. I expect to see Boba, Sabine and Ahsoka for sure at some point.
She is a voice actor. I loved her and I think she did great.
Finn was great. Seeing a storm trooper turn from that life and become a rebellion, or resistence whatever fuck you, hero was a great arc. Rey had a great set up. Kylo had a great set up. The issue is that they completely ripped off A new hope. Now we have a super death star! It was really fucking lazy and people are correct to condemn it. They wanted the good guys to be underdogs when it made absolutely no sense narratively for them to be. Luke defeated the Empire, destroyed the Sith, restored the Republic. But actually they just make a super death star, destroy the new republic, Sith are back, the Empire is back, or First Order whatever fuck you. TFA did a good job on their characters. But then TLJ destroyed everything good TFA had going for it. Truly an insult to SW legacy and I never get tired of watching Mark Hamil trash talk the movie. Edit: I wrote this thinking you were saying TFA wasn't as bad as people say. TLJ is a disgrace bro
You're defiantly right. They wanted a cool and flashy action scene. That was what mattered so it wasn't written or directed well. All I am saying is if they added a failed attempt to fight and kill Dooku it would have solved the issue with that sequence.
Boba is the perfect antagonist for Dyn.
I think it's more likely he is an antagonist than a ally.
I think you take all this a little too seriously.. They are made to be flashy and epic, not to accurately depict sound military tactics. Lore wise, the Jedi actually are great generals.
Oh absolutely. I am just thinking of kotor when they called them Mandalorian Neo-crusaders.
Oh shit I forgot about the poison gas scene. And be careful what you say about star wars canon micky mouse will break your legs.
*loud rumbling* "We need to launch an attack on that titan!" "What?!" "ATTACK. ON. TITAN!"
That would be cool I admit.
How would *you* guide a lion?
Sounds like something a real person would say yet it seems silly to read in a manga
I love these
*whispers* Do it
I think the game is designed for players to insert themselves into to an extent. If your dragonborn goes to aka that's your canon.
Matrix Revolutions.... I think he does alright...
Dude, trump bad
Yup.
I just wish oblivion hadn't gotten rid of the Roman style armor for the Imperial Legion, really glad skyrim brought it back
Its just a place for the community to talk, with less strict posting rules
When it comes to RBA I generally blame them all equally for everything they did. Killing Marco was effed up because they were comrads and at that point they realized the walldians arent devils. When they destroyed the walls and caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people they were brain washed children who thought the people in the walls are evil. Tbh after chapter 100 I started to see RBA completely differently. I have a lot of sympathy for them as characters, I truly cannot wrap my mind around the psychological damage they endured. The fact they stayed loyal to their mission is astounding and a testament to how powerful Marly brain washing is. I see them more as weapons being used by a regime more so than free thinking individuals with agency. Is it fair to blame them for what they did? And that's what makes Eren forgive them because he realizes people are forced to do terrible things by the circumstances of their cruel world. I think that's part of Eren's desire to be free. He says what he does is out of his own free will, he is free, I take that as him accepting responsibility for the genocide he is going to commit. Rather than saying he is a victim of circumstance.
My thoughts on the issue is that yams is just bad at geography and wasnt too concerned with measurments. But in order to make sense of it I just make 2 basic assumtions. First being that the AoT isn't exactly an exact flipped version of our world. We only really see Africa Asia and Europe, so you could assume the Americas don't exist. Second is I assume the land masses are much larger than our real world version. So the Madagascar we see is much larger than the real one. If you assume those 2 things it all makes sense. But it honestly doesn't matter that much to the author, so we shouldn't dwell on it too much.
Wood Elves and Belegar for a classic Elf and Dwarf buddy campaign. Allariell and Tyrion, secure Ulthuan then take over the world. Chaos and Norsca. Have an elite chaos army leads hordes of northmen to destroy the world. Vlad and Manfred vampire bros. Secure Sylvania and corrupt the world..
Yeah. It's really dumb.
I really loved episode 1-6.. Amazing These last 2 episodes felt really weak. The season finale left me confused and kind of disappointed.
Didnt he refuse to shave his fucking mustache for his superman role? Edit: stand corrected!
I think episodes 1-6 are like 8/10 Episodes 7-8 like 3/10
Yeah the ending was terrible. In episode 1 we saw how mages can stop entire armies in their tracks... Then they turn into nothing.
I can't help but think of guts fight with Serpico, where he used his dexterity to avoid being struck. But he also was able to use his environment to prevent guts from swinging. I think with a little prep time and some battlefield control Geralt could take him down, but giving him such an advantage isn't fair.
Hell yeah, guts don't fool around.
Not true about elder scrolls. There are countless ways to approach combat. Witcher has steel sword for humans and silver sword for monsters. Elder scrolls lets you do anything. Tons of different ways to approach combat. Blow them up with fire balls, sneaky archer, sword and shield, sneaky archer, battle mage, sneaky archer, two handed berserker, and the not to mention sneaky archer.
I would disagree simply because you are given so many options on how to handle combat. The depth comes from the many different ways to defeat enemies. You can play the entire game as a conjuration mage and let summons and zombies fight your battles. That means a lot to people like me and honestly its the complete opposite of the witcher where you are shoe horned into a type of combat. You're a swordsman with alchemy and magic. I can be a swordsman with alchemy and magic in skyrim too, but I can also do many other things.
Can we ban posts that complain about people comparing witcher and Got? Seeing posts I don't like make me really really upset.
Games take place 5 years after the last book. Show is based on the book series. Games are also considered non canon.
I was absolutely into her arc up until episode 7 where the show kinda lost its magic for me.
Apparently the director did that on purpose to be clever. She wanted us to think it was all happening at once then when we realize it's not it's a "twist". She also said she wanted Geralt, Ciri and Yen to have their origin stories play out at the same time, so we can be introduced to all the major players at once, so a non linear season 1 was required. They took a risk with this season so I commend them for that at least. I personally love non-linear story telling but some people hate it. It's been announced that season 2 will be linear.
Most people will miss little things like that, and sometimes it will straight up confuse people and make the show hard to follow. It does however enhance a second viewing.
Can we ban these kinds of responses to calls to ban calls to ban witcher and Got comparisons? This entire thread is giving me anxiety.
That would be an awesome thing to do for a vigilant playthrough Assault and destroy all the orc strongholds lol
I don't think there is much more to know... Eren is mentally fucked up because he saw the future. He will destroy the world to save his home from genocide. I love Eren, did nothing wrong, but I don't think we are gonna learn much more. Unless he's the father.
I love how pre basement is a giant metaphor for how different races demonize and dehumanize each other, then we learn there is a whole civilization behind the mindless titans, it throws a wrench in everything. And that's what I love about Eren, he never really changed when he found out, he just keeps moving forward.
Lots of people shit talk the show for political reasons so you gotta watch out.
Nothings changed.
I played it awhile back and did the first whole area. I remember loving the story, the choice between the town priest or the witch, I actually felt a story build up. And the dialogue felt more philosophical. I didn't finish the game but I agree about the atmosphere
We are close
The idea that ackermans can't become titans was never stated by the manga. It was merely suggested at one time that they don't know if Mikasa can turn into one. The context of that scene is when the gang discussed who would inherit the Attack titan from Eren. Somebody argued with Mikasa that she shouldn't be the one because her Ackerman nature is still a mystery. They were all debating who should inherit the titan, so that comment can merely be seen as a rhetorical argument. It's not unlikely that they can't, but it has not been confirmed so. We simply don't know.
Where's Zeke?
Explain?
I don't think Levi is going to be doing anything but healing up. Maybe while he is passed out he is able to enter paths and talk to Eren? Say it's an Ackerman thing.
Yeah the story is expanding rather than wrapping up. New plot threads being developed and explored.
She meant scarf
I thought this chapter was an obvious throwback to the stohess defense. It even happens in stohess, and Hitch and Annie refrence the event when they spoke. When Erwin tried to capture the female titan, many people died. He defended himself to the military stating the deaths were necessary to achieve a military goal that would prevent much greater loss of life. But that was when the enemy were titans. Because Eren activated the rumbling it resulted in many casualties, but as the man said achieving his objective will prevent the genocide of paradis. The reason it feels so twisted is because the enemies are humans now.
I really liked episode 1, im a sucker for battle scenes. I loved the scene where the sorcerer was able to block the entire army from advancing. That's why the finale didn't make sense to me
Makes sense, cart titan has highest endurance.
If you look at things utilitarianly, Zeke's plan would cause the least amount of suffering. Doing nothing would result in the genocide of paradis Using the rumbling is what Eren chose. A lot of people think he could do a partial rumbling, but Eren fears he has 4 years left and doesn't want to perpetuate the cycle and die leaving things unfinished.
Sums up TW diplomacy just about right
Altmer, Bosmer, Dunmer and Orsimer all relate to their high fantasy counterparts. While humans mirror our real world cultures they mirror high elves, wood elves, Drow (Dark Elves), and Orcs. Comparing these guys to real life cultures never fits.
&gt; You want a dwarf to have no beard at all? Let them. That's a grudgin
I hope he is
I think he revels in power because of how horrible he felt when he was powerless against the onslaught of the beast titan. I like Floch as a character. I find the hate for him bizzare. Same with Gabi, they are really good characters.
I dont feel like Yams is the "subvert expectation" kinda author. He plants seeds and builds expectations... Making Armin fail and be useless would be retarded.
He gets much weaker when hungry, post seems to imply he'd get stronger out of hunger
Exactly. In my game my Paladin was a celebrity and any opinions he spoke NPCs would listen to him greatly. My sorcerer was banished from all Dwarf cities and is kill on sight if he ever returns.
Why would a former knight want his king dead?
My neutral dwarf fighter used to be lawful good until he was falsely accused of a horrible crime and exiled from his home. His neutral alignment represents him being jarred and bitter about life. He hates injustice yet he has no faith in "the system" because it failed him. He tends to lean towards good actions, but he has learned that to survive he has to look out for himself. He's not a naturally selfish person so it actually takes him effort to conscious make selfish choices. His goal is to clear his name and take vengeance on the one who ruined his life.
5 players is my limit. I think smaller is better because people arent waiting around as much to do stuff.
He totally did
Could if he wanted to
I think when the series is done at the very least we will get some insight from the author. It's pretty clearly based off Norse mythology
They all kind of have that. Look at Bert and Armin. Female titan is always female. Attack always chases freedom, beast is always an intellectual, armored has a drive is protect, jaw has a drive to sacrifice. I think it comes down to paths and destiny, the right people end up inheriting the titan because it's their destiny.
Well it was Eren vs Pieck Porco and Riener. Marley also had a huge initial advantage to that fight. So the first stage of the first was really about how badass Eren was. Once Zeke entered the fight you also had the Walldian troops entering the fight. So it was Eren Zeke and friends vs Pieck Porco Riener and Marley. Things never truly turned into Eren's favor until Zeke summoned the titans. At that point is when Reiner manages to overpower Eren and Eren has to escape on foot. So because of the balance of power Riener never seemed that impressive, if anything is shows how powerful Eren was.
Flostoria, Histloch, Floria, Hisoch
I feel like some people don't understand how ethical frameworks work. Goals are important under certain ethical frameworks while they are utterly irrelevant to others. For example looking at Eren from a utilitarian standpoint.. He is 100% wrong. Zeke approaches things in a utilitarian way, what plan will benefit the most people. Eren is not utilitarian. Eren believes in protecting his loved ones and people from genocide, so from a framework where protecting those you love is a moral good, what Eren is doing is right. It's not the same as saying the ends justify the means. It's about what values you use to determine what actions are best to take.
We have no idea when its ending FYI
Chapter 53 https://attack-on-titan.com/manga/shingeki-no-kyojin-chapter-53/ If you scroll down there is a brief scene where Eren and Freida see each other This is actually the first time we meet Freida as well.
I was agreeing with you FYI
What do you mean nah? It's clear in the chapter that she saw him. You think it's just an oversight/plot hole?
Yeah but Freida saw Eren, that shouldn't be possible.
I love you
They were all applauding calls for genocide. Even the Eldians want Paradis slaughtered.
What are you talking about? We were discussing whether diplomacy was an alternative.
This is what a society that abandons God looks like
Depends on what you hate. Christians, white folk, Game of Thrones season 8, all okay to hate
Fucking hell. God protect us.
Whats wrong with sexy fan service?
Sasageyo!
I agree I love it I just keep Sasageyoing
Really nothing stopping her from being royal because we don't know her parents and there could have been royals in hiding.
He really does have a simple arc, and it goes from pitty and sympathy to a growing sense of hatred, up to now. It's also ironic because he is closer to Eren than the 104th this whole arc, it's kinda messed up but awesome. I remember reading he was made to be a counter of the main crew, another view point. I think Hitch serves the same function, her disgust for Eren hurting the people of Stohess. Just like she resents Annie for.. She's even shown to hate the survey corps for the Stohess plan back in uprising arc. Yams is good at having such a massive collection of personal motivations and views.
I think such a simple breakdown is a disservice to the author. I think it's more about how him being afraid to lose power over his life again. He is the only person who survived the attack on the beast titan. I think he decided he didn't want to lose control of his life like that ever again.. this would align him with Eren to be honest. It's definitely a commentary on radicalization as you say, but it's hardly "plain"
Your comment made me realize that Shaddis plus his loyal recruits plus mikasa and Jean plus the volunteers actually do have a good shot at taking back control. His situation isn't as secure as its being presented.
bUt HeS aN aCkErMaN
Pieck was MVP in that battle
I agree it's a political commentary but it is also a psychological and philosophical commentary and I think Floch has a bit more depth. I think his deperation to live drives a lot of his decisions, and its a result of the trauma he endured in RtS. I've been rereading the uprising arc... Do you remember how difficult it was for Jean to kill another human in self defense? He values life so much that Floch killing the volunteer like that was literally incomprehensible. My only real point is he isn't "just" a commentary on radicalized people, he's another story to be heard in the cruel AoT cycle of violence
Okay well whatever, changed it to a downvote
Trust in God
Any state that suppresses the second amendment should be subject to serious federal intervention. 2A should be defended.
It's genuinely terrifying, look at Virginia.
Maybe it was before my time but when NY banned guns did militias form up and make a huge stink like this? I am really proud of the people of Virginia and I hope they never back down. I pray for them. I am not sure if NY dealt with a similar situation, I imagine the political situation wasn't so divisive back when NY banned guns?
Somethings gotta be done.
Yeah, so long as the vast majorty has food on their table and a roof over their heads nobody is gonna risk their skin for some "inalienable right" Sad times
I think attack on titan is a fatalistic world and everyone who gets a titan gets it because it's their destiny
I don't want war. I want peace. I want liberty and prosperity for me and my family. I pray to God for protection from tyranny, which our ruler wish to impose on us.
Well he clearly is, he's tweeting about it. Hope we hear more from him. We can't expect Trump to do everything.
He is King of the Mormons
Personally I believe the flashback chapter that showed us that the Eldian rights group in Marley was actively advocating the genocide of paradis is meant to convey why the 50 year plan won't work. The plan was to use a partial rumbling to make the world back off, form alliances with other nations, and use that time to advance and catch up technologically. The revalation that no nation on earth will be willing to ally with Paradis makes the plan impossible, that's why Eren went awol. Personally I think Yams did not make this clear enough, but I guess he doesn't treat his readers like children and its the readers fault if they don't understand it. If the 50 year plan was implemented it would isolate Paradis and it would only be a matter of time before Historia's children would be assassinated or the founding titan stolen. A partial rumbling would intensify the global hatred of Eldians, not lessen it. Decades later when Eren is dead, leaving the job unfinished, it would just be delaying their doom. So you are left with Zeke's euthanasia, which is a twisted idea of pacifistic genocide. Allow Paradis to be violently genocided. Or genocide the world. If there is another option it hasn't been conveyed to the readers and I suspect Armin will be the one to figure it out. I have no idea what he will come up with but I trust Yams to deliver. I suspect there is still another piece to this puzzle.
I love that scene, it defiantly feels relevent to our current situation.
Or for good men to do nothing.
Crazy how the caravans we heard about non stop kind just went away?
Yeah cool thanks Trump can we focus on the second amendment please thanks
I am a fan of the theory the shifters all lost their powers, but damn would I love this.
Yeagerist control the walls, I believe that gets stated in 112 or 113. So Eren is leader of the walls, while females hold many leading military roles in the traditional military.
Well their goal was to capture the founder, and they failed lol
Absolutely. She can't be Royal.
They were Zeke titans. Zeke explains his royal blood allows him to create his own coordinate. So basically he can control titans the way the founder can so long as they are made from his own spinal fluid. This can be pieced together from the information we have. Eren seems to be in full control of the wall titans because he's making them walk in a single file line to reduce casualties.
They still gave out the wine when ordered to, and Niccolo was at least suspicious of why they brought so much wine. They all knew something was up.
Yeah it's pretty obvious, I can see why it's touchy for some people.
You'll see.
They're all at their lowest
Beats me, some people accuse Yams of being fascist. I've had people privately message me mean things for discussing the parallels between Eldia and Germanic history. Anything about race tends to be touchy now a days.
Yeah I agree it's bonkers
Bullshit. We are suppose to cower in fear?
Don't you find that a bit immoral?
He admitted to the blackface thing man
Absolutely amazed at how gleefully smug people here are about stripping citizens of their constitutional rights..
Wasnt it proven the DNC gave debate questions to Hillary before the debate?
It should be understood however that attempts to persuade people not to attend a 2nd amendment protest should be subject to a healthy amount of suspicion.
So its a win win for them. Conservatives cower and they take away our rights or we walk into their ambush and get branded as devils. If there is no way to win you mind as well stand up and protest, to hell with their evil plans.
I find it terrifying how divided the nation is. It's really not outside the realm of possibility. Two very large groups of people living in the same space with very very different views on reality, is very dangerous. If things were not so hateful I would agree.. But the lack of compassion, empathy and a desire to understand one another is very dangerous.
Might just be an oversight, who knows.
My group was like this too. You gotta make the most of it or take a step back. Don't invest so much into it and maybe look for a new group in the meantime.
That's very true. Another thing to manage in late game lol
It's really a basic question of whether it's okay to blame a child soilders who was brainwashed for his atrocities. Consider he followed through with the mission into his adulthood. Rieners biggest crime wasnt that he destroyed wall maria and killed countless people, it's that he stayed true to his mission even after making friends with the people within the wall. His friendship with the 104th caused him to develop a split personality, because of how deep his brain washing was. But do we blame the brainwasher or the one who was brainwashed?
No I mean what chapter did you start binging at? 90-125? 100-125? 120-125?
In Mandate of Heaven campaign. Will all the Legendary characters who are not of age show up as the game goes on? Will Zhao Yun, Zhuge Liang, be available to recruit as the game goes on? I am playing Liu Chong and my goal is to get an all star team together under him, I am hoping we won't miss out on major characters if we choose the MoH start date. Also, will the 3 way battle to become emperor still happen later in the game? Will it eventually initate a 3 kingdoms fight like in the main campaign?
It was suppose to transition directly into RotS
Rest in peace
If Eren dies I do hope he is the father, I'd be sad if not. If he lives I don't really care.
Riener is the first who comes to mind. Something about his story arc gets to me. One of my favorite moments is when he says "why is Marco being eaten??". You want to feel bad for him but part of you just can't. And I also love comparing pre time skip Riener to post time skip Eren, they share a sense of ruthlessness. If not Riener I would say Grisha, his character was shrouded in mystery and his reveal defined the post basement attack on titan world.
Just the idea of him dying and not having someone to carry on his name makes me sad. So if he has to die I hope the child is his. I hope he doesn't die though, but it's AoT
After everything we saw Zeke do pre basement I cant see the author doing that
I mean it doesn't really look like anyone. It's a male with hair..
Okay now do Keith Shadis
Man I recently re-read uprising and his flashback hits hard here. What would he do if he survived? Nothing good I would bet. He was so capitivated by Uri, and when Freida took over her shift in personality rattled him, everything he did at that point towards the goal of taking that power. When he learned he can't, then realized Uri was drunk of his desire for peace. His last words "You think you're some kind of Hero?!" Because he finally gets that Uri was no better than anyone else. I think he accepted himself as scum and would continue causing destruction, but he also accepted his death and passed the spinal fluid to Levi rather than ramage as a Kenny titan.
Well Peick had his back, that was his plan..
&gt;And the dogs already bejng tortured by existing, What the fuck
turn the sound on
That's true. Looking back that moment was such satisfaction though. The utter dispair of the situation, being surrounded, dealing with Berrito, Erwin getting taken out, Hange was also missing from the blast. Seeing Levi sneak up on him and deli slice Zeke's arm and wreck him in a couple panels was amazing. At the time, the audience needed that moment of triumph, even though Peick comes in and sends sends an army of titans at Levi.
Yeah that was weird
Real talk, the Godhand would probably function similar to how Janemba did. Janemba is evil incarnate, a demon lord, and has similar abilities to those we see the Godhand use. (Telekenisis, reality warp, teleportation, flight) So I think a sufficiently high ki level can beat them. Overwhelming Ki has been known to defy reality. Gotenks screaming a dimensional portal.. Goku breaking out of Hit's time warp... So even if we can't pin point their power level we can presume that Goku can defeat them despite their godlike powers.
No 45 means its beyond over. They need a super majority to remove. We dont need a super majority to dismiss, innocent until proven guilty.
/u/iguoris
Yeah thats incredibly scary. Imagine all the times it's not as obvious, but here it's very obvious.
My first Liu Chong run I got Zhang Liao and Taishi see very quick. My second run I got Gongsun Zan and Xu Chu
Double peach mint
I didnt think so too but there were a lot of significant time jumps from 124 to 125. Last we saw Connie he was running away with Falco, since Falco is awake they must have been traveling for several hours. Wouldn't be surprised to see it resolved next chapter but it might take 2 more.
Yeah last we saw they were in a river. Now he is bandaged up and they have a cart. Also Levi being pulled by a cart might be foreshadowing... Levi cart titan confirmed.
Once you get into mid late games and staty cranking out oathgold you can get some absolutely beastly weapons. It really makes you heros and lords wrecking balls.
I feel the same way and I dont know what to do better. It's either all miltia units or I don't have any income. I win a battle but I end up having to replenish for 5 turns while another full stack bares down on me.
They're meant to be OP to offset the penatlies belegar gets. Best bet is to destroy his faction.
Oh man I spent hours going through old discussion pages a while back. People seemed to obsess about Grisha more than anything, a lot of people thought he was a villian. Not really any talk about Riener and Bert. Lots of speculation of where Eren's powers came from, a lot of discussion on how a mindless titans becomes a shifter
Yeah i wish they had explained that. He must have had captives.
It still could be
Having goals and role play.
The empire is suppose to be a unified country so the rework makes it feel more like a unified state rather than a collection of independent states. You can think of it as being automatically allied to them.
This is where the fun begins.
The rumbling, Annie is back, Falco/Connie, LEVI!!!
I look forward to edited manga panels where the characters talk about the leaks as much as I look forward to the leaks
The best way to do a Liu Bei campaign is to do a Liu Chong campaign and try to recruit him asap and make him your heir
I mean they tried that without the "you all gotta die" part and the world literally sent hordes of man eating giants to trap and devour them.
Do Zhuge Liang and Pang Tong still show up in MoH? Do you need to be liu bei for them to show up? If I am another faction, will they just not show up at all? If I was Liu Chong and made Liu Bei my heir, will they never show up or show up for sure?
What was it?
That's pretty bad man but better than I could do
Life is hard. It's easy to judge. Best of luck to them and yourself.
&gt; Subtlety makes for great storytelling, but not so great for lesson learning. This sounds like you're saying subtlety is good, but it's insane to me you're arguing that subtlety is bad because it's harder to push agendas through the media. Whether it's a good message or not that's a form of propaganda, I wish we could make good storytelling the goal again! I want to watch a good story not get lectured.
Yes but it's genius because it challenges the readers. We saw the point of view of the scouts, and how from their perspective they are completely justified attacking Marley. We got to experience with them so we really feel it. Gabi is just as justified as the scouts, but we got to see the Scouts suffer first, we know they are in the right, so when Gabi sees her friends and home taken from her, we as readers don't care because we have taken a side. It's hella smart writing, and people hate it because it brings to light the "devils" within ourselves. So it's easier to say "fuck Gabi" then own up to out own phsycological weaknesses.
Thanks for the perspective :)
This is actually funny
Marley kind of forgot about the founding titan
How do you unverify someone's idenity?
Anarcho-tyranny
When I saw people blaming white supremacists for the violence is scared the shit out of me. These people are incapable of recognizing injustice from their own.
Yup. The current talking point is to insist that antifa are covert white supremacists, without any evidence. You have a group of mostly white, masked and violent people causing destruction. According to liberal group think they MUST be white supremacists, because the left just simply doesn't do that kind of stuff (and if they are proven to, immediately resort to what-aboutism)
Didn't he use to support segregation? Or had close relationships with segregationists?
Downvoting such a rational sentiment.. God what children
I am so tired of real life right now. Please, I need this chapter I just want to be distracted even if it's for an hour.
I hate you snarky fucks
So fucking sick of inaction that a part of me would rather you just shut up and be a swamp creature than constantly tease us with action that never comes.
Calling the mass burning and looting of our cities a relatively light crime sounds insane to me. Much more insane than suggesting we should use lethal force to protect our cities...
A lot of Donald refugees are used to "rally rules" where the sub reddit was designed to be a pro Trump internet rally so dissent was against the rules. This isn't a rally sub! Gotta respect the rules here.
Not really, I think you're being willfully ignorant and snarky. If someone is killing people, it's not immoral to kill them to save people. This is a very basic easy to understand moral principle, even if you don't agree with it. Personally I think disagreeing with such a basic principle would be very radical, if not very compassionate. But I think it's immoral to NOT stop someone from killing, that's where we seem to disagree.
I agree, it's not a full proof plan but I think it's better than a passive approach. I think one of the basic duties of a government is to protect peaceful citizens from violent citizens, if the government doesn't fulfill that basic duty we as a society are in big trouble. Nobody wants to see anyone killed but it really upsets me people want to ignore that these looters are killing people.
Absolutely this is the best first step that I think any sane person can agree with. Step two in my opinion should have the goal of increasing the quality of law enforcement professionals. Body cameras and tougher laws doesn't change evil hearts, but if we can attract more noble hearts to the police force we may see lasting change.
It's pretty common knowledge that the looters have been starting fires in many US cities, I think it's on you to do research if you don't believe something that is common knowledge. One easy example, the reason Trump tear gassed those protestors was so he could walk to a historical church that looters set on fire. I don't really understand what you gain from denying the fires. I sit here and am baffled that I even am expected to prove this to you.
Exactly. The person you responded to is suffering from the same bias and cruelty we see in AoT. "He is a Marleyian I could never have sympathy for him"
Straight from the communists manifesto. Children are property of the state.
Well obviously it's more complicated than that, each state is ideally suppose to have a degree of autonomy, but the civil war decided they are not independent. No they are not separate countries, but they are individual states. So what is the definition of state and how does it differ from the definition of country? I have often heard "countries" outside the US refered to at "state". Like the State of Israel, or the Islamic State.
I mean I can't quote it directly off the top of my head but the communists manifesto absolutely does adovcate for state guardian of children, they believe the state has more authority than the parents.
Yeah I find it inappropriate and distasteful.
I mean the very fact that at the end of the war the Republic capital was under siege suggests to me the droids were kicking ass. The movie seems to give the impression that the defeat there was a crushing blow, and after that battle they were in trouble. It's unclear.
How can she smell?
I think it wasn't an issue before people starting making it a political issue. Nobody gave a flying fuck. Maybe what's best for transpeople isn't putting the national spotlight on them and just letting them exist. But what do I know.
They always allow Jim to do asshole shit while portraying him as in the right. Like whenever he leaves the branch and somebody moves into his desk space, he is very entitled about it. Ryan and Dwight jr both were well within their right to keep the desk, they earned it while Jim was MIA, but we are suppose to think emphasis with Jim losing his favorite desk.
Crap doesn't always need to go into the toilet, loosen up
You will absolutely never see such a thing, the information will not be reported even if is collected at all. Horray for BLM, I love BLM, BLM is the greatest. *Kneels* The fact these protests were not condemned by the CDC is an absolute failure of their duty. The nobleness of a cause should not influence whether a gathering is safe or not. You can't selectively choose what causes are important enough to protest about during a pandemic, condemning gatherings for causes you don't like, and refusing to condemn gatherings if you like the cause. It's negligence at best and at worst it's totalitarian double think that shouldn't be tolerated.
It's called double think. Holding two contradictory opinions at the same time while accepting both of them.
Hospitals have lots of turn over, and when certain departments get shut down while others experience surges, employees get redeployed in other areas. They took medical record keepers and taught them how to sterilize equipment. Taking costumer service reps and teaching them to deliver supplies. Stuff like that. Not to mention Powered Respirator training goes on like non stop now.
They get to make the rules and also don't have to follow them, they're also in charge of punishing rule violations.
It doesn't matter, could have been any city. Where are you going to go? What if the next civil revolt happens there? The government failed the governed, they didn't protect the innocent from the violent. The violated the very basis of a governments duty, to maintain a monopoly on law and force.
I care..
I would like more of both please.
How popular is cooler? Do people care about cooler? With Broly you had a situation where one of their fan favorite characters were non canon, people fucking love Broly and you can bet his name filled theater seats and drove sales. Would Cooler do that? How popular is he? Would he sell? That's the question, I see him as an off-brand freiza and would kind of rather he stayed non canon. Personally I would rather they revisted the concept of demon world, there was some early dragonball foreshadowing that being of incredible power lived there, not to mention Dabora. I think it would be a great enemy for a "God" to fight a "Devil" That said, if we are making non canon enemies canon, I wouldn't mind seeing a canonized Baby.
I cannot visit my dying family members but they can protest and get coddled over it.
What a joke
How is that hard
It really scares me to see such support for censorship.
It seems that he was a Marleyian military man who became disenfranchised with the fascist regime he served, largely due to caring deeply about the child soilders he was ordered to create. That's a pretty fucked up background for a character. He has constantly been portrayed as a bad dude with a good side, the dude is a Devil and seems to accept it. I think learning to see people as people is part of the message as are getting, which is why an extremely condemnable character was shown to us.
I agree. I cant imagine being so bothered by this. To each their own.
Maybe it works like a staff and it can cast spells like zone of truth and speak to the dead.
The eternal church of God is above the petty squabblings of a 300 year old nation. Go read proverbs until you made up your mind by yourself. Don't look to reddit to decide how to think.
It's not a question you will likely find a satisfactory answer to man.
My car broke down. That's really stressful and upsetting, and a pain in the butt to get fixed. I can't just surrender the problem to God, I gotta get the car fixed. But I can surrender all the stress and worry to God, he can help me to not lash out at others because I am frustrated and stressed out.
You probably shouldn't worry so much about your reputation and worry more about whether you are doing right by God, not by society. The morals of society will damn you, public sentiment is ever shifting and today's revolutionary will be put to death by tomorrow's revolutionary. Only God is eternal.
The Armin hate has less to do with his ideaology and more to do with his lack of impact on the story this arc after people had huge expectations. Not only did we see very little of him using his titan, which is a shame, he also didn't do much to continue Erwin's legacy, which people also expected.
You sound a lot more hateful than anything I've heard from him, not that I am some O Reilly expert.
Please tell me it's satire
What do you expect "Oh your right, ban O Reilly!" I am against censorship of all forms. I defend everyone's right to speak their mind, especially when I don't like it.
Round 1, MCU Thor vs Movie Anakin Round 2, MCU Thor vs Movie/Comics Anakin Round 3, comics Thor vs Movie/Comics/Legends/video games Anakin Bonus Round, MCU Thor with pocket sand vs Movie/Comics Anakin Bonus Round 2, MCU Thor vs Vader any source including legends
I hear you and I reject your analysis. You frame yourself like some warrior for justice when to me you're just a cry baby who wants people you don't like silenced. We aren't going to agree here.
Yeah honestly looking back a blood lusted Book 1 Aang could probably 1v1 the Firelord. Reaching the Firelord is the actual difficult part. If they had Aang spear head a North Water Tribe/Earth Kingdom attack early in before the eclipse or the comet, little doubt Aang would win. The only argument against it is him being more vulnerable, but he ended up using avatar state against a comet charged Fire Lord anyway. Avatar state was very OP and way the show explained it was that Aang didn't wanna kill because it was about the moral victory over darkness and violence.
Like I said if early on a blood lusted Aang spear head a major earth kingdom/water tribe offensive he would have a very good chance if it was successful at getting him to the fire lord. Even with a squad of elite body guards, lacking a proper army wouldn't give the Firelord enough in my opinion. Just based on some of Aangs feats throughout the series. Please keep in mind we only ever saw the Firelord fight during the comet, so we don't know his actual battle power, we can assume he is top tier, but I honestly see him as being at most marginally better than one of the white lotus members. Absolutely no reason Aang can't take this fight based on his feats and a few fair assumptions about the Firelords regular non-charged battle power. The show made a point to highlight pacisim over violence, remove that moral conflict, Aang can kill the guy in a straight fight, even if the Firelord had backup. I would say 4/10 the offensive works out and gets Aang into striking distance of the Firelord and they win overall, Fire Nation stronk. 9/10 book 1 Aang beats Firelord, assuming Aang is going for the kill and isn't hung up about it. I do agree Aang may be taken out of the Firelord thinks quick and gets lucky, but he only edges it out.
Whichever you consider his peak battle power, include Vader, how does he do?
What's a boost?
What the heck there is a pandemic what are you doing
Not really I think most of us get the nuance.
Agreed. And it's a reasonable house rule to say the player can choose and manage those summons if the DM likes it that way. No problem here
I thought it was simple. When Eren and Ymir touch, she sends all her memories to Eren when he is sitting under the tree in chapter 1. That is why he is crying. He doesn't remember any of it until they actually touch, that's why we see him jump into her memories the way he does, this is what frees her.
I am just shocked there isn't at least a local minority condemning them. I can't even explain how bizzare it is to me that so many people willingly refuse to make the connection. So many people just pretend these protests aren't dangerous, and absolutely refuses to even discuss the issues. I've honestly never seen anything like this before. Am I crazy? I feel like I am crazy or this is twilight zone.
I can not think of anything more pathetic than spending my time going through another users post history, you're like some kind of communist KGB wanna-be loser. Get a life.
I do not think the author was entirely sure what that scene was going to end up meaning, but I think he knew at a basic level it had to do with something that happened 2,000 years ago. Apparently in the anime the Mikasa comment doesn't happen, there really is no purpose to the "see you later, Eren" which is kind of a bummer. But he is crying is because Ymir had such a horrible backstory and she sent all those memories to child Eren.
Bad writing.
Alliance "So that's it huh, we're some kind of Attack on Titan?"
He didn't have help fighting against Piccolo during the martial arts tournament at the end of DB. I was gonna say King Piccolo but Tien helped him a bit. He beat mercenary Tao at Korins tower without help after he trained.
Other than good character development for Vegeta, I see no reason not to skip those anime arcs and watch the movies instead. I would personally suggest someone watch the 2 movies, then start watching Super, and when it's over watch Broly.
Like what? Other than "what is Super Sayian Blue?"
But he was shown to be off the charts as a baby in that pod.
Fair enough, you know I take a lot of those plot points for granted. It's a shame, I honestly do feel that the fight scenes in the anime are at a disrespectfully bad quality, and I won't lie the biggest reason I watch is for the fights.
I thought I was reading a different n word for a second
Great art, love it. I would love to see Goku more enraged like Vegeta, his rage moment when he learns about his family is amazing.
I didn't like them too much either, they felt uninspired, Jiren felt one demensional, like his personality was "is Strong". I think they could have done better but it wasn't too bad. I really liked Hit and Kefla as enemies, the drama with Freiza was good.
I don't mean any of that... Just the whole frenzy over Coronavirus, and how people just refused to apply Coronavirus to BLM protests. It seems really twilight zone the way everyone is so hush about it.
I think it's twilight zone that this isn't more talked about. Just because you denounce the protests as unsafe doesn't mean you denounce what they are about
I think that suits Zeke better
I think it's just commentary on the seemingly fatalistic universe they are living in.
I think it's Ymir sending him memories which is why it happens before he has a Titan.
He is saying that when people (citizens of those cities) act wickedly (looting and attacking truckers) they will suffer the consequences of their actions (truckers stop making deliveries there) which results in people not having food (starvation) but that need for food will force the people to start acting morally (not attacking and looting truckers).
Probably an attitude of "whatever I'll do it if the money's good"
Idk your comment captures what I find to be so obnoxious about liberalism. You demand absolute conformality of thought. You have such little tolerance of other beliefs and world views. It doesn't matter a bit to you how many Americans have a biblical world view, and don't approve of homosexuality let alone transexuality. It's very reasonable to be offended by another's world view when it teaches something that clashes so much with your identity and world view. But you have no right to tell other they have no right to their own opinions and beliefs. You can't declare a debate closed when so many people don't agree, not even mentioning the billions of other people in the world with very socially conservative world views.
Yes he is speaking very extremely, sounds like something from the old testament. That doesn't mean you aren't putting effort into being outraged by a reddit comment and acting dramatic about it. It's not unreasonable to feel extreme about these riots.
I agree. I support the BLM right to protest, but I absolutely abhor them doing this during a pandemic after conservatives were vilified for wanting to open up. I abhor the rioting and looting. I also don't support BLM because I abhor the idea that I am born with guilt because of the color of my skin, that I am suppose to be constantly thinking about how my race is "priveledge" so my opinions mean less. It's horribly racist. But despite all this I hate seeing the police treat protestors so brutally, but look at how vile protestors treat cops? It's a crazy situation but peaceful protestors who aren't causing destruction or blocking roads shouldn't be attacked by police, that is where I do support them. To them, if we don't endorse BLM we don't support their first amendment rights, which is absurd.
I am sorry you have to deal with that. It really does suck. I hope one day we can all speak our minds and listen to one another.
I don't think police orders are always right, if people are protesting they have the right to assemble and the police are wrong to try to force them to stop. Blocking traffic, violence, looting not included.
Well I am Christian and I have faith in Christ and in the Bible so say what you will.
No I am saying you can take your snark and take a hike I am never going to be ashamed of the Bible.
Or even just saying "Should they be gathering like that during a pandemic?" Can't even say that!
Oh yeah I have gotten good at pretending to be liberal. You can talk mad shit about Democrats and just pretend to be a Bernie bro lol
Sounds like a really elegant way of saying "No! I am going to keep being devise against Christian's who disagree with me about stuff!"
Silence all dissent. It's for the greater good!
No arguments here
I don't understand why they can't just celebrate a female being a main character and a Jedi and not disrespect the franchise by pretending some fake glass ceiling was broken
He wasn't wrong, communists are everywhere
Orange man may be bad, but has anyone consider that orange man wrong?
Heaven, when we did IRL
It's more the drama over her child, it's been on the back burner for so long people are dying for a resolution.
Nah, they're equivalent to Nazis, they aren't welcome
Titans definitely are not balanced.
I think it would be a lot like Qui Gon staying around. A source of wisdom and understand, not afraid to reject authority.
The real trick is to be attractive while not being unattractive.
They do this every time man
Maybe it was a translation error
Maybe Vegeta just believes he will go to hell, it's his internal guilt
I really enjoyed it
I was watching on Netflix and the subtitles refers to Titans as giants to I turned it off
Our country is doomed
It's original sin but only for white people, yet they probably don't believe in actual original sin as the Bible teaches. We all fall short, we are all wicked. Maybe if more people realized that we'd be less ugly to each other.
Did you actually watch the video? Please answer.
They went from 32% white to 20% white, and they are nowhere near finished, not until there are 0% whites.
Is there a support fund, not GoFundMe, that we can donate to?
I saw that Garret Rolfe fund reached it's goal to cover all his fees and what not but I'd like to donate to his step mother.
Did you actually watch the video? Please watch the video. It clearly shows the man shooting the cop with a taser gun before he was gunned down. Why do people not watch the video before making these comments.
Dude watch the fucking video he started running, turned around and shot the taser at the cop, he was gunned down immediately after he shot the taser. Please actually watch the video.
They ought to for that iStock image
Yeah, that's a big reason I can't understand being anime only but whatevs
Why should mods ban content that a thousand people upvote just because you downvote it? Why do you feel so strongly about this that you make comments about it?
You think if a post is low effort it should be deleted by mods Therefore I determined you do not like low effort posts. I think if a post, despite being low effort, is enjoyed by a thousand people, the mods should not delete it. What am I assuming that's not being said?
I finished reading the manga just now. Amazing story! Why are you depressed about it?
L was my favorite character, couldn't believe he died so early
What ever happens with her?
Thanks I will try that I just thought I'd get some old school forum advice
I feel like his biggest mistake was not fearing the Shiginami enough, he should have revised his tactics at that point. Once that was figured out he had less to gain from staying so close to Light. Like Near did, he stuck to his deduction that Light = Kira but he didn't show himself until he could prove it.
Leave me alone and let me grill
This is the most offensive comment I've read on reddit. No surprise it's coming from a commie.
Lol
When I was freshman in high school there was this group of girls I knew. 3 of the young girls would constantly make fun of the 4th girl in their group because she would do "tracings". They would bad mouth her to no end, and accuse her of "tracing". They were all sort of into art and drawing, I wasn't so much but you know it's high school and they are girls. I couldn't understand why the 3 girls got so angry and offended by this other girl doing tracings, they acted like she was intentionally doing something evil and malicous, like she was stealing! I saw some of the pictures the 4th girl made and they were really cool, she was completely open about them being tracings. Turns out she just enjoyed doing tracings, and didn't see it as a big deal. So the point of my post is OP is a whiney teenage girl.
True, seems like Aang will get hard blocked at Thor. I think he could put down MCU Hulk though
Please. If we don't come down hard on these people it's gonna get worse and worse. Go Trump. You gotta choose your battles and this is one we need to fight or we are in deep shit.
I am sure justice Roberts will defend the protesters right to destroy our monuments.
Oh so we are okay with mob rule but not actual voting.
I don't know what law, I imagine "destroying monuments" is covered somewhere. So I am asking, what should a citizen do next? When the elected officials refuse to enforce a law, what are we supposed to do about it? Mobs of criminals are looting and burning our cities, destroying monuments. What do we do? The elected officials are choosing to do nothing. **So what do we do?**
Notice how they won't put his name in the title, if it was bad it would be "Trump...."
Our country is starting to look more and more like it each year.
Yes
I am honestly absolutely livid as of late, very true meme. Can't even grill.
Always funny to see these memes because I recently binged the manga and never saw the anime. I was a huge fan of Near, and while Mello was not as big of a deal I enjoyed her as a "wild card" element. L was the best, even in the manga, but Near really had like child genius thing going and I loved it. I appreciate how blunt he was about everything, which made him different from L in some senses.
I recently binge read the whole manga and I have no idea who Matt is...
I remember suspecting Annie, the Annie reveal didn't surprise me but the Reiner and Bert reveal blew my mind, still remember it years later.
It was scary as fuck when I read that because they were openly saying they weren't going to acknowledge that a black man hung them up for exercise, and instead continue investigating. So they intend to find a white person to charge for a crime that didn't exist? How did we start acting like a lynch mob over being outraged as things that remind us of lynch mobs?
Only the left can make complete asses of themselves and congratulate themselves for it. Edit: what-aboutism below
I think people are far to arrogant and don't realize how quickly we could return to that
Yeah I don't buy what that guy said at all. It goes against all of the knowledge we actually have that humans were like that. Human nature is dark, and to pretend is not is to leave it unchecked. What is better, to be born good, or to overcome ones evil nature? It's a much easier and more relaxing notion, when it reality you ought to be diligent in recognizing your own evils
You don't deserve the downvoted, what that guy said was plain ignorant.
Curious if the number of robberies actually went down though.
Jedi are based off Taoists, it's all about balance. The Sith are not about balance, they are radical, extreme. They like excess and indulgment. The Jedi like moderation, reservation, harmony. This post is embarrassing.
No u
Which is why fact checkers keep trying to label the Bee as fake news. Humor is a great tool for undermining propaganda.
The gist of it is that Sauron is OP and he would easily spot the eagles and they would be killed trying to enter Mordor. Another reason is they are very powerful and would likely get corrupted on the flight over, which is why Frodo and Sam left the fellowship, because the ring corrupted their companions.
He can't do that! Shoot him or something!
Really makes my stomach hurt, scares the shit out of me that they are censoring these things so much.
The very concept and word "wrong think" is dystopian as fuck. How do they not smell their own stink.
So when corporations grow and begin to governor over domains the government was once responsible for, now should a consistent society respond. I cannot understand conservatives who defend a corporations right to descriminate and censor them.
I always considered Men and Mer to be the Aedric equivalents of Daedra.
IDGAF about FGM so long as MGM continues to be widely practiced, accepted and promoted.
I could of sworn there is a place where you have to read all 3 scrolls, you open them up one by one and the crazy flashes happen but they begin to line up and build off of each other. Apparently I am wrong. It seems to be some sort of oversight or bug, you're supposed to need all 3, so story wise all 3 were needed but they fudged it up.
An escape route that seemed absolutely designed for ambushes. Worst escape route ever.
In the sense that Daedra serve Daedra Lords, Men and Mer worship Aedra. Maybe when creation happened the Aedra equivalents of Daedra became what we know as mortal races. Men clearly being of Lorkhan and Mer being of the other Aedra.
I was looking into this as well. The time line seems to suggests Men migrated to Tamriel and went to war with the Falmer first, with little mention of dragons. Later it talks of the humans being brutally dominated by dragons, and Nords fighting for freedom, using Dragonrend and the elder scroll. After that the Dragons decline and the history of Skyrim plays out. My unorthodox theory is that the Dragons actually helped wipe the Falmer out, the Nords who settled and invaded were already worshipping Dragons, but the Dragons had not yet started to oppress the people of Skyrim. It helps explain why Nords were able to dominate the land, and why Nord ruins from those times have Dragon word walls.
After doing more reading it seems like the dragons just sort of appear right before the start of the first era. Either they were there the whole time and their history was downplayed, or they appeared at some point. Nothing in mentioned about them until the dragon war, yet we do know the dragon war happened after the Nord vs Falmer conflict. Kind of interesting to think about, I'm starting to think the dragons helped wipe out the Falmer, it makes more sense then the dragons coming out of nowhere.
New head canon established.
The fact that the lore is presented by in universe writers is what makes elder scrolls lore worth obsessing about. You can apply the same methods used to read real historical documents to elder scroll lore books, the very act of doing so expands the lore within our minds, by making connections and logical deductions about the motivations of the writer.
The psiijic plot line did nothing for me. You could have replaced them with any other magic group and it would have had the same effect. It was just mysterious and vague crap, nothing of substance beyond "omg it's the psiijics what could this mean" and in the end you don't really learn anything.
Any way to get Telvanni robes? A Telvanni playthrough would be awesome since there are 2 Telvanni followers, and Neloth has so many quests you mind as well consider him his own faction. I can also see you doing the main quest from a whimsical and curious perspective. "Hmm dragon souls? These should be useful." I am doing that with my necromancer playthrough. I basically treated the main quest like a speed run, and now that the dragon threat is out of the way, the dragon souls have inspired me to learn all there is about necromancy.
Everything we know about these events comes from a single lore book, from the context of that lore book it's more than likely the Argonian account is propaganda. The question is how much. I have little doubt the Argonians would be doomed without Martin, it seems like they were able to strike a decisive first blow against their invaders which prevented widespread panic and damage to Black Marsh. It would be in their interest to spin this fact into the idea of Argonian superiority, that would definitely deter all would be invaders. The Thalmar do the same thing but are always called out on it, but when the Argonians do it many people take it at race value.
What. The. Fuck.
No they would like you to skip from majority to dead.
Check out the creation club stuff for Sheo if you haven't already.
Paragraphs man, they're great
A master level illusionist could turn invisible and muffled, sneak into the enemy camp and fill their leaders with fear and frenzy. If he went around casting frenzy on enemy captains and leaders, it would quickly throw a large army into disarray. Imagine being a foot soilder and you hear rumors that another units commander started slaughtering their own subordinates. He would be pretty much impossible to detect and capture and would be able to run rough shot over the enemy forces. The precense of enemy mages would be even better, putting a destruction mage into a frenzy would be devestating. Others mentioned Tharn. An illusion mage could in theory assassinate the enemy commander, take his place and order a full retreat.
God of War, God of adventuring heros, Protector of Mankind. His divinity is proven in Morrowind and Oblivion, for the most part, you can choose to disbelieve anything if you try. But any rational person would concede the game presents him as real. The conflict in Skyrim is very interesting, what are the Thalmar up to? Clearly them wanting to weaken the patron God of Mankind has another goal hidden behind it, oh what could it be. I am very curious to see how the next game progresses the lore around Talos.
We have no idea if that's true because we haven't seen his POV yet, nor the final outcome. So hold your horses.
Exactly, we kind of had a whole dramatic scene about this. Eren accepted Reiner, and confessed they are the same.
I was under the impression creation club content is non canon, it's just dev sponsored mods, not the same as DLC.
Very interesting. These Dunmer sure are a strange folk
Please be joking
I thought the shut down was to flatten the curve and allow health care facilities to prepare.. aren't we prepared now?
I was really excited about Gab but it looks like they are doing everything possible to surpress them. Any platform that allows conservative ideas gets demonized and shut down. I wish conservatives would stop taking this lying down.
Moral relativism is not an a universal truth in elder scrolls, good and evil exist as concepts the same as they do in real life
Yes but if they made a giant magical sail boat powered with destruction and alternation magic, could they fly into the sky and eventually fly through the sun or stars?
Oh yeah, when I took a mythology class we had to write an original myth, so I got permission from the teacher to write a myth based on Elder Scrolls Lore. So I wrote a creation Myth about how Lorkhan tricked the other God's into creating the world, I got really into it, had so much fun writing it up.
Why do you choose to come here and harass Christians, just leave us be.
You seriously are choosing to spend your free time arguing semantics over this. Atheist harasses Christians in prayer thread, and you are concerned about the words the Christian used to describe it. How important to you is it that people understand that it isn't "mocking, heckling, brigading, saying they're doomed". You don't care at all about how that guy feels, yet you feel so strongly about regulating his vocabulary. WHY?!
*hardly* Yeah so you just harass Christians in prayer threads a little bit, no big deal. And you are totally right. Reddit's new rules protect your right to come here and hate Christians, since we are a majority group and our holy texts promotes hate against homosexuals, you are absolutely free to express your hate. Must be nice to have your bigotry protected.
If you go into a prayer thread and harass Christians by mocking prayer, telling them it doesn't work. You are a bigot. Your hate overrides basic human decency and respect, common sense would tell you that doing that is hateful. You are a bigot. Don't worry though, your bigotry is reddit approved, you are hating the correct group. Keep fighting the good fight, you're honestly a hero.
I think the fact you are an atheist who chooses to come to a Christian community and make comments like this speaks volumes. Don't mean to unload on you, but every single time I try to come on this sub the place is just swarming with more atheists, could you see how that might be frustrating?
That's like the third time you said that. You said good day at first but you couldn't help yourself, you couldn't let that *Christian* have the last word. Right? That makes me the victor. Also I'm not gonna search your post history, that's loser behavior. I know from the fact you harass Christians in prayer threads that you are a bigot, that's not something a normal human being does, that's something a hate filled person does.
That fact that it is called /r/Christianity yet the content is largely influenced by non-christian opinions. It's very frustrating believe it or not. It genuinely boggles my mind why so many atheists choose to come here and tell Christians their beliefs are wrong. It's not something I have ever done to others, I have never intentionally sought out a forum for another religion, just to tell them why I think their beliefs are untrue. Boggles my mind man, that's all.
I got you to reply again, making you look a fool. Victory is mine.
Yes, we do, we can be united in peace by that.
Why don't they require black soul gems though?
Exactly
