I'm Australian... What now?
My PS4 just came. Not gonna lie, pretty excited
I've already bought that. Should come in the next couple of days
Spider-Man, Red dead 2, COD WW2 and GTA V for now. Will probably get a few more over Christmas but I didn't want to go and spend all of my money in one go considering all up it cost $800+
We've become pretty discontent with Wembley in recent months. Just looking forward to going home tbh
Gigantic if accurate
Umm he has every right to as long as he does it appropriately, which he did. Keita left his studs up. Was far more dangerous
Grouse from de gea
Can we all agree that the worst thing about this match has been Lee Dixon on special comments? What a cooked cunt
Rashford didn't put himself on the line there. Firmino's foot was awfully high
Would get martial on and Pogba on. Not sure Lukaku is doing too much and I think martial could use his pace to expose the defence more often
No thank you
We should not be favourites there
I don't think that's happening at all. Dortmund are favourites in our tie and Liverpool and city are rightly favourites in the other two, if ever so slightly in the case of Liverpool. That's based on league form
That's fucking amazing
She's a total cunt
The only option really
Billy having this pulled out his dickhole, and you can be sure it fucking hurts
If slats isn't deep into the pingas already then I don't know my commentary team anymore
Bbl uniforms are a bit bland ey
What's my motherfucking name?
Learning the dark arts from Burnley for this one
Learned from Burnley at the weekend ey
3 fucking derbies in a row in this shit ffs
What actual fan would ever wear their rival's kit? Wtf
I just wouldn't do that bet tbh.
Tommy Deng a bit stiff too
With my wooly physique, ya know me warmly built
Australia's was peak summer mate. Was in Jan and Feb I think
Beautiful shot
Precisely
Tbf the new Krakatoa volcano cone has been growing for some time
That's bloody adorable
There's some blokes from the sub-continent who play frequently down at my local park. I've joined them a few times; their rule is that the batting team helps field and there are no runs behind square. Means the "long-stop" gets it back quickly as there's no advantage to be gained from the ball going down there
Yeah, you've gotta own it. If people don't get it then that's them being thick
Looks really talented. One of the best mids in our academy
It's literally what everyone does over here in Australia. Either "yeah, nah" or "nah, yeah"
It's fucking bonkers. I can't comprehend the thought process that went on during this selection. Fucking stupid cunts at Cricket Australia. He's done fuck all apart from one massive innings at shield level, and that was at the start of November. Has barely bowled and done anything of note either, taking just 6 wickets. What's the actual ideology of it, because I sure would like to know.
Honestly this one is fucking hilarious.
3 caps khawaja
Pitch looking like an absolute road
This is boring
Take the test from us. Until the curators can produce something fair for both bat and ball we don't deserve it. Sick of Australian pitches for the most part. Just boring cricket
Easy hundred for Kohli here
Only wankers fist-bump in the middle. Handshake or nothing
That's just terrible mitch
Agreed, his technique is yuck
Wtf is this? Why's he on
Best shot in cricket that. Nothing better than a straight on-drive
More flashy but not for mine. The on-drive is more pure due to the bat angle
Yeah we always end up playing 2 or 3 London derbies in very close succession in November or so.
We had to analyse this in art in year 10. Very famous Australian painting indeed
Weird way to get to frangas lol. Why was he on the train at Ringwood? Surely catch the Frankston line?
My Nannu did some engineering work on those bees. Pretty cool to see the plans in his drawing room
I always hear it in the car and then forget what it was by the time I get home
Same in Malta. Between 35-40 for the 10 days we were there in the middle of summer, didn't rain once; thus we were out everyday to the beach or touring around. Wasn't burnt at all, just had a nice tan for a couple of weeks. Can be in the sun 5 minutes here and end up a tad burnt
One of my female cousins does this and I have no idea why. It's a bit weird when you really think about it. Not sure if she's trying to be annoying or just friendly or what but she just goes right for it. That's where you just have to stand up all of a sudden and tip her off.
Love me some Jimmy carr
The first innings really fucked us unfortunately.
Lyon's SR is gorgeous
Thought Mynan's Labuschange was fairly decent tbh. Showed some promise with the ball for sure
This team shouldn't be losing 1-3. That's just a joke
At that height you aren't hearing shit lol
Fucken Binga Lee not taking to retirement well
It's always only two days here before the cool change from the south kicks in. Been like that for several years now, in fact, probably since the week that black Saturday occurred. Barely a heatwave when it's 36 hours, more like just an insanely hot couple of days before we return to low-mid 20s.
Yeah this bastard ran out whilst I was doing 70km/h, and then, instead of running all the way across the road, it doubled back just in front of the car, moronic thing. Had to slam on the brakes.
Sounds like a proper cunt
Literally watch G1 from the 80s, especially the movie and seasons 1 and 2. They took 'You've got the touch' (cliff diving scene) from the movie and all of the transformers' designs are based on that cartoon series. The animated movie is completely amazing, especially the soundtrack. It'll help fill you in on the characters a fair bit more and is miles better than the bay transformers movies
The cliff jumping scene. Bumblebee nudges her forward and then that starts playing
That would have been incredible. Even as a credits song
Morwell is worse. Horrible place
Israel has a history of bombing the shit out of civilians in palestine. They aren't any better
Surely elina
Maybe under the one next to mum at the front? Facing the wrong way?
Only way the economy will ever be fixed is if they increase wages across the board. People have less money to spend nowadays due to cost of living, thus there's less economic stimulation from the general populace. The downwards spiral will continue until that happens unfortunately
More likely we actually will. The board needs to back poch to ensure that he stays, so getting his preferences in is of utmost importance to the club. What's 20m here or there if it means that he stays?
You're basing this on what though, what we've done in the past? We have money and we need to rebuild our squad, much like city did when Guardiola took over. Obviously we don't have the same magnitude of money that they do at our disposal, but we have more than enough to spend this sort of money on players now. It isn't illogical either, because there's no guarantee Eriksen will stay, we have no back-up for Eriksen which means he plays every match, and he hasn't been performing at his best for a year now. We need depth in midfield as much as we need to revitalise the squad.
No ash, use your feet and get around them more. Good serving from keys though
Don't go all Stosur on me now ash, pls
Hello darkness, my old friend...
Ash barty up to no. 4. How bloody fantastic is that? She's an absolute star
Couldn't agree more. I'm so damn proud of her too, what a champ
I love how aggressive he says that, and rightly so too if that did happen
Lol come to Australia. You're cooked (rightly so) if they catch you
Dogs as well, actually. Thing is that it's easier to keep a dog on your property, but they still kill things in your backyard, and if they get out...
SBS Viceland (31) for any Aussies out there that don't have Foxtel and weren't aware that it was on free-to-air
Seriously, fix the fucken advantage rule
By not blowing the whistle unless there is no advantage, i.e. let play continue for a few seconds and then decide to call it back if there isn't. Same as soccer
Ash Barty with a bigger choke than Collingwood last year. Guess I'm staying here :(
ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOST
6.2 to 0.3 this quarter. Ridiculous
Up to 3 in the world now. How good is that?
Jesus, how's the bloody bounce. Wtf is going on?
Some of these shots look like they're from 5 year olds trying to muscle the ball over the net. Wind is cooked
Nadal's backhand is phenomenal
Fark
Given the conditions, the quality is ridiculous
Fuck this knee brace ad sucks
I'll play for you
Some bizarre decision making at the moment lol
Aaaand he gives it straight back. Jesus Christ, dude
Don't give it straight back pls
Thiem isn't winning this match. His chance was at 5-4
Would be amazing if Thiem could keep the ball in play. He's hit so many long or wide
Novak will win this 6-1 or 6-2. Won't even be close
Not if he keeps hitting every offensive shot out of play
Keep it in bro, jesus
Nope. Nadal will abuse thiem's backhand. Novak is far less penetrable for Nadal.
Uh oh, you fricken moron
Final really needs to be moved.
Never forget: schwartzman 2018
You can have facilities to negate the rain like every other GS does though. Same with the light situation, 2020+ is very late to be sorting these issues out
Port Adelaide playing out there?
Lmao
Breaking: the BEA have released footage of Novak Djokovic running along the runway shortly before Air France flight 4590 ran over a piece of metal and burst into flames
Gee wiz, Mustafa has gone right in there
Yes, 40-40, Novak serving
Fuck that camera angle right off
Thiem has fucked it
Why the fuck couldn't you do that two games ago?
Thiem should have gone up the line. Has missed a few points by making the wrong decision when trying to pass novak
Lol wot
Fuck off Whoopi Goldberg
Ash gets up 4/5-0 and dies suddenly
So much calmer than yesterday. Well done ash, keep it up
Proper world no. 2 performance that
Pretty much the three greatest ever all playing at the same time will do that
Just missed the second half of the first to watch Ponting and Martyn obliterate the Indians over on Fox Sports 1. Phwoar
Good to hear a commentator stand up for a player whilst the others hang shit on him for not doing something. They aren't out there so how would they know the best option? Just shut up
I absolutely dread playing against india
Starc has been all over the place this over. Suppose it's hard being a bowler when the ball isn't going to do anything at all.
Fuck me finch, how the fuck don't you have 3 slips in this early?
Pitch is dead. This is going to be incredibly boring to watch us try to get wickets
Stolen
Yeah nah, Nick appreciates good shots all the time. He'd probably clap it and say "that's outrageous" or "too good"
I was 8 lol
Also that's just a nova, not a supernova
Terrible idea, so much pain
Mine's on the 7th, I'll take a belated gift for sure
That's why the current advantage rule sucks. Easy fix, don't blow the whistle unless there's no advantage, then bring it back. Players are taught to play to the whistle, so how is it fair for a player to continue playing after its blown whilst everyone else has stopped? Goes against every logic. Stupid shit, soccer has it right
Either/or works better than the current clusterfuck that we have
Most of the advantage plays in Aussie rules are "unfair"; it isn't a continuation of the play, but rather a completely changed scenario. Removing the whistle would change everything
Also Glen Waverly
Blatant incorrect disposal
The issue with Melbourne is that they always try to walk it in
Melbourne and terrible handballs; name a more iconic duo
They'd have to actually attempt a kick for that to be the case
Sidebottom genuinely looks like an egg with a beard
This is what it was like to watch north play until we upped the kick to Hb ratio. Thank fuck, slightly less terrible to watch
I mean they're dumb cunts, nothing bizarre about it imo. Just absolute morons
The biggest attraction Queensland had was its environment and natural features, and they've willingly signed those things away. Monumental idiocy
Depends if the kid is a little shit or not
Hopefully we have a few new players or we'll be in deep shit
Every night I listen to the kid next door absolutely scream his head off at ridiculous hours. Some kids are just loud Edit: he's doing it now and it's 1am
This deal keeps getting worse and worse
He ain't about that Danny rose life.
Aldi.
Agreed. It's grating
Etihad is just so souless, gloomy and depressing with the roof. I know it's needed but it's a terrible place to be when watching a match
I'm a north fan, I don't know what that is
So many bitch arse freekicks these days.
Essendon fans punching darts in unison
Wank celebration
I was thinking the kkk
Why don't people just leave the bags in their car? I know you have to bring the groceries inside but we always have those fabric Safeway/Coles bags in the boot.
Penalizing the attacking team for getting on with it. Stupid shit
Last week wasn't amazing
Here in Victoria, Australia, they genuinely deliberately cut power to certain areas during ridiculously hot days (high power use) to ensure that the whole grid doesn't go. There was a day where we were without power for about 4 hours, and it was above 40°C. We're in desperate need of more renewable electricity generation here, as well as infrastructure upgrades elsewhere. It's gonna go to shit as more people move here and climate change progresses.
*clean coal*
It isn't, it's a dwarf planet. It isn't gravitationally dominant in its orbital path.
Ahhh wag that dog
Murdoch
Imagine how nice the northern bank would be if the tracks weren't there. We should put that shit underground from Richmond onwards. (I know the cost would be ridiculous)
It's incredibly annoying
Is this a reference to something? Because I'm fairly sure that we don't eat our possums here
I definitely dislocated my sister's arm once or twice. Both were purely accidental though, I wasn't trying to hurt her
It's cool but I reckon the other stars are even cooler (or actually hotter lol). Most of the other bright stars in Orion are blue giants or blue supergiants, including Alnilam which is pictured here (NGC 1990). For some reason I find them far more interesting
We call that a Hiroshima facial
It's so tainted that I've started assuming that every "I demand to speak to the manager" type is a karen
I'll never forget that goal he scored at the world cup in 2010. Dude could fucken hit them
Sudandenong and Ferntree Ghetto are two of my favourites
Just not in Orion due to it being a massive star formation region. Pretty much every star (obviously not all of them) visible in Orion is part of the Orion OB1 association, and they're all basically giant blue stars. Alnilam is insane, up to 2000 light years away but incredibly bright due to it shining at a luminosity of around 800,000 times that of the sun. It's probably my second favourite star (system) after Eta Carinae (over 5 million times as bright as the sun, maybe even 6, and weighing in at between 100 and 200 solar masses depending on who you ask). Excellent shot mate, absolutely phenomenal
Genuinely one of the great comedic scenes. *Two guys fighting on the ground* "Ooo, it hurts so good" *Widow walks past, two dudes on the floor stop fighting* "Very sorry for your loss, ma'am" "That's a lovely hat" *She walks away* "Alright, keep going" *two dudes continue fighting* Lmfao, incredible
Miami, Roland Garros and this I believe
Yeah they're not on it in here. Coming back on-track whilst overtaking lando gave him no advantage as it made his line through the two turns longer than what it would have been on-track. The second one I understand more, but as you say, he was on-track whilst overtaking and he gained no advantage from going off-track there either given it was a straight.
I did it successfully under a bean bag in my own house. My dad even looked under the bean bag and still didn't find me. Was under there for 3 hours and I scared the shit out of a lot of people
Clearly these people know nothing about the electromagnetic spectrum, lmfao
The skyline looked mint just after 7 from the east, the sunrise was reflecting off of the glass buildings quite brilliantly
Unfortunately I didn't get pictures (my phone camera isn't strong enough from 20+kms). I only noticed as I was arriving home from working all night, went down to the road to admire it for 20-30s and then went inside. It looked lovely though; I noticed an airliner flying towards the city and thought, "what an amazing first impression of our city that would be."
My backyard is bigger than this postage stamp, Nasser
Fuck, this is going to be shit
Aaron "Shane Watson" Finch here, with the front foot
I N T E N T
When the ball is moving like this it makes me wish we had our 99-03 batting line-up out there
Pitch looks well spicy
Pretty damn obvious really. This is a chook shed compared the the G
It's on channel 9 though
The Lord's architects really need to get a fucking grip. Victorian, modern; just pick a style. Ridiculous
"Da liberal guvament"
He literally just walked straight down the middle of the pitch after fielding that
Surely Ponting and Martyn in next?
Gilly and Haydos would have had us at 200 by now.
I work with two of finchy's cousins
Neymar's was also mind numbing
I know what you mean, I wear it when I play soccer and when I sweat the sunscreen drips off into my eyes. It isn't pleasant at all
Why is slats always in the commentary box?
Clarke and slats bribing everyone else so that they get prolonged stints in the commentary box. Where're the good commentators at?
We aren't selling Eriksen because of him. More likely it'll be because of lo Celso, and even then we sort of need all 3. We need two midfielders in with Eriksen still at the club
Yes, but Ndombele joining spurs has no effect on eriksen's situation. We made 170m from tv and prize money last season, most of which we reportedly intend to spend.
You're over me? When...were you under me?
Tonight...on knights
Lmfao, imagine gamers owning a footballer
He's not a spurs target from what we've been told, if anything we're being linked to raise his price
We are a small country, just large in area. Only 26 million people based majorly in 7 or 8 cities. 10 million of that is based in and around just two cities. Unless you're happy to have matches played in regional cities of a few hundred K, there's no way we could host it. We'd also have to build ridiculous infrastructure in those small cities to cope. Our stadiums are mostly ovals in any case, so it isn't optimal for soccer; and also it would occur during the seasons of our two major sports. It just isn't feasible imo.
We really would have struggled with that imo. The infrastructure isn't there at all, nor the population, population spread, or the time to host it given the AFL and NRL seasons. I'm bloody glad we didn't get it.
Lmfao
Which is what we need if we want to challenge for the title. Reportedly, poch convinced Ndombele by saying that he wants to build a title winning team this summer; well, the only way that happens is if we get someone like lo Celso whilst Eriksen stays. We also need a new RB and a forward, maybe a CB and maybe a DM. We also need to sell a bunch of players because they take up wages and international slots, aren't good enough, or are injury prone. We have a lot of work to do to make poch's vision come about, and I don't see it happening unfortunately.
Yeah so this report is about the first bid that wasn't accepted. It's commonly thought that we raised that by 20m+10m add-ons to get the deal agreed. I feel like aulus is positioning himself as the saviour here for when the deal is (if it is) announced, next week once the new financial year starts.
He's won Wimbledon twice, made two other finals and at least one semi. You aren't shit on grass with that record. He's just not as good as what he is on clay, but then Federer and Djokovic can hardly beat him on the red stuff. All three have their favourite surfaces
Good to see Richo call that out. Hate those frees
What? We have a whole belt of parks around our city? Sure, we don't have the harbour like Sydney but there's plenty of nature right there
Always funny driving up Springvale Rd and seeing the variation, especially now that the Glen is a mini Chadstone.
No Maltese, I don't rate it. Smh.
If it gets built. There's not a lot of money in apartments at the moment, especially for 2 250m+ towers (the taller being 356m). The economy just isn't there right now, same with crown's One Queensbridge tower. The next (current) wave will be completed and then it'll be mainly offices for a while - see 435 Bourke. Really hope that if it does get up, they keep it at 356m as that height will be skyline defining. Obviously they have to contend with pan-ops and radar limitations though.
The cladding is glass so that seems pretty unlikely
Jesus, soders
Paymoneywubby
He won
Lol I'd love him at north. He's an absolute gun.
They're almost predominantly snake eaters for one
He's always been impressive. Been one of the best in the comp for years
Rayner having a mare
I'm not afraid
Nothing in it, Jesus.
We would absolutely notice it if we were alive. We just probably wouldn't feel it. A massive galaxy in the sky wouldn't go unnoticed; nor would the subsequent star bursts, supernovae, novae, and active galactic nucleus.
This pitch is an absolute road
Should have reviewed. There's no way that should be called a wide either. I hate that rule
I don't think he taught us anything with regards to those two things lmao. He's been good individually but our bowlers as a unit have been far superior in both of those metrics
I'm just glad that you can get out if need be, when you said that you were between two fires I was just hoping that you weren't trapped in there. I'm sure you guys have a lot of memories there, and that you'll be make the right decision for you guys if it comes to it (let's hope that it doesn't).
Well I voted greens so I take literally zero blame for this shit, none of my family voted liberal either Edit: I'd like to add that I'm aware that you're suggesting that the majority of us voted for these cunts, but it doesn't mean the very large minority of us who didn't don't feel fucking outraged by the rubbish that these muppets are coming up with.
Went to Morwell a couple of years ago and it is easily the worst place that I've been to outside of several Melbourne suburbs in Australia.
Was a good day until I got stuck in the mess that has been caused by the closing of Alexandra parade on the way home. Took me an hour just get past that stretch of road via a different, and very elongated route. Will definitely be taking a different route tomorrow, not making that mistake again
Literally 2 major streets either side of AP were closed off as well, the traffic was horrendous, worse than peak hour. Might just cop the Monash tomorrow since it'll be outside of peak times, or Bell St.
Shit's fucked mate
Organised Terrorist attacks mate
Yes....
Selfish batsmen
Yeah look well left
I didn't know that it was possible to admire that woman any more, but here we are
Smith should move all over the crease to fuck the short length and line up
That's naughty, marnie
Few front foot pulls if he was out there
Can't believe Eddie was paying more attention to basketball than shaunie, bruh.
The grittyness of trav sort of averages these two lunatics out a bit
Village level
Fuck I love faz, bloke is a legend
Hell it was snowing down here in Vic in the Alps in December and now a very large amount of bush up that way is gone
That was their cash though...
Qatar are fucked if there's a restriction in place for Iranian airspace. They already can't fly over Saudi Arabia or the UAE so how do they get to Qatar from the east and south? Wouldn't like to be flying anywhere near the strait of hormuz anytime soon in any case
The P-8 is a military aircraft based upon the 737-800; it uses the same airframe. He's suggesting that the anti-air system confused the 737 for an American P-8.
As someone suggested in the other thread; the P-8 Poseidon is a 737-800 customised for military purposes. Every chance some muppet in Tehran mistook this plane for an American Poseidon and got trigger happy. That's literally the only explanation that makes any sense to me
Surely if it was an engine failure, GE have data to back that theory up? The engine sensors would have picked stuff up if that was the case
I always get to places ridiculously early. Currently sitting in my car just around the corner from the destination just waiting for the appropriate moment to head in. Do it all the time.
Shazam was okay, it didn't try to be anything that it wasn't but I definitely wouldn't call it an amazing superhero film.
It's still dumb, surely they would have known that the flight was delayed? I'm not sure what tech the Iranian military system uses but the aircraft's flight plan would have given them the required information to determine which flight this was.
In this case he's using BuzzFeed to feed his "leftists hurr durr" bullshit, who aren't a reputable news source whatsoever. I've never watched his stuff, and won't ever again, but I'd assume that he cites newscorp sources to defend his position, and everyone knows that they cannot be trusted whatsoever. Everything is obviously written from a perspective (bias), but when there's on obvious agenda there's no chance that I would willingly use them to cross-check information, because they will alter the facts to suit themselves. On this topic, the "left" are generally the ones dealing with facts anyway, as they're quoting scientists, firefighting and emergency experts, land management personnel, etc. how many of those are the right-wing publications using to produce their facts?
Only reason Robertson got there first is because he flew in out of control mate. If I go into a challenge with my studs up or down, which do you think will get me to the ball faster?
Disagree. That's an "orange" at least for mine. Only reason Robertson got there first is because he was out of control, hence going studs up on the follow through. Both have a right to go in but you can't be reckless in how you approach the ball, and to then follow through the way he did means that it should be a yellow at the very least. You have to have a duty of care for your opponent as much as you're willing to get to the ball first. Japh does that by keeping his studs on the ground, Robertson does not.
There's a reason he's been the captain of our youth teams
So bring it on is on the telly. What a film
Fuck stoin is a mad dog
And "we've" still won fuck all
Inglis is actually meant to be very good yeah?
After the final last yeah, the answer is always yes
Cartwright playing one of the great ODI innings here
That sounds well shit
I watch that innings at least once per week
Had to get a gay bloke into the set up to correct the stoin's ways
Hilt should block out for the rest of the innings
Stop going so early lads
Calculated
Fuck, remember when Finchy absolutely cunted the english
200 run partnership, wtf!!
Also up in jo'burg where the thinner atmosphere and small ground play a huge role
Man this sucks, and why on earth are we getting so many easterlies in Melbourne lately? I don't want to leave the house
Feel like I've just smoked a full pack, shit's messed up
I eat Chinese a lot and don't get them. They're great but there are still better things to spend your money on. Shanghai fried noodles and spring onion pancakes being two of those things
GMT time instead of the Australian times, the bot has lost the plot. Also just getting PTSD because we have to use GMT at work
Shaun will genuinely have problems later on, if he isn't already now.
Man, this series feels completely gross, shouldn't be playing away this early in jan
Me during the match tbf
Scg isn't that small by world standards lol, just by Australian standards because a lot of our grounds are actually bigger than your standard backyard
Apart from that one innings last indian tour I'm not sure why Turner is even in the squad
It
Sounds like Gio is on a tear
Actually, he's air traffic control...
Smith really should be at 4...
He's phenomenal
Is he likely to be able to start next to Ndombele (even in a 3) or will he be more of an alternative to him, do you think?
Ooooh I like you
Queensland is going to ruin australia
I imagine that Medvedev will become president again, but Putin will have all of the power as PM
Mhmm, good and terrible
Fuck,there must have been a tonne of witnesses. Hopefully a few dashcams and security cameras got him too
Wtf, bloke's insane then
Remember to use the big black caulk to fill in the gaps
Man, they have to go with "the Googleplex" if google covers the naming rights too
The game is fucken rigged
He should be fucking off, the crooked cunts
I hate this sport when obvious decisions aren't being made. One mistake is forgivable, but when you make 3-4 and have VAR, you should be getting this shit fucking right
Leaving rose out is looking like the wrong decision tbh
Marvel love that double sword thing. Thor, Loki and Hela all did it in Ragnarok
Honestly winter soldier is better than civil war, and in my top 5 for sure. Didn't really like civil war at all, except for when spidey dropped in at the airport.
Also something the Germans probably said to the French and Polish during world war 2
We call Ibis 'bin chickens' here in Australia for the same reason. They love going through the garbage
Very strange indeed, I've noticed that we've had a lot of easterlies lately, it seems abnormal but maybe it's just because I've been paying more attention to the weather over recent months
Mine was parked out on the street around the corner, could be in trouble
The midnight beast
This is my absolute favourite nebula, not just because of Eta Carinae (centre) but also due to the other insanely massive and luminous stars in the system, like WR 25 and HD 93129. Some of those stellar systems are beyond comprehension given their estimated figures
Can we flash maxi out there, wouldn't mind him in next
Definitely not his dick, would have thought those next to him would have noticed a bloke helping himself out like that anyway
I mean yeah, just play Maxwell and marsh. Then you have the two openers who can do whatever they want, those two to come in and swing, and Smith, labs, and Carey who are all good at establishing a base, and then accelerating later on
That Nike outfit is absurd
Ash looking a tad off
Definitely an inferior weapon than Stormbreaker.
Man, Nike always brings out the wackiest shit for the AO
This doesn't work in any way lol. How are people with less access to education and technology supposed to teach themselves about whatever you think is required for this system to work? IQ tests are fundamentally flawed in any case: people are intelligent in different ways; and because people are the subjects, and can consciously alter their behaviour and choices, it means that this system is stupid from the beginning. How is an IQ test a good measure of intelligence if there lies the possibility of me guessing everything correctly? How do you decided which test to give? How do you provide the means for everyone to take the test, and in a space where everything is standardised? Who takes the test? I could go on and on.
More sheep for them to fuck here I suppose
Hey the cricket used to be great. Bill, Richie, Tony, chappelli before he went a bit a mental. Even tubby was decent in the early 00s
Other way around. This is from just before the princes bridge looking west towards the south western cluster (main towers being the Rialto and 568 Collins in this image) of the CBD skyline, and beyond that, docklands.
Betelgeuse won't produce a GRB because it isn't massive enough
Lol what? Maybe because it is closer, but Eta Carinae is about 10 times as massive as Betelgeuse and is a far better candidate to produce a hypernova due to its insane mass. Edit: I'd also like to add that you can already see Eta Carinae in the night sky, and during its great eruption, it was the second brightest star in the sky. Considering it's already in the top two most luminous stars in the galaxy, imagine how luminous it was at that point in time, probably almost as luminous as the galaxy itself.
Betelgeuse won't collapse into a black hole though, it isn't massive enough. So it won't produce a GRB
I love wang
RAAF definitely doesn't have lancers. You're all good mate.
They're my favourite military aircraft so I would have loved for us to get our hands on one or two
Fed making a lot of UEs but he also the more aggressive player. If he starts to control them a bit more he'll run over the top of milk
I voted for some Nas and Lupe songs and they definitely aren't going to appear on the list. Holding out for Borderline - Tame Impala to finish high up, and hoping that Ladbroke Grove - AJ tracey makes an appearance, albeit unlikely.
Which is a shame, because the lost tapes 2 and drogas wave are really good albums.
Christ on a fucking bike
The singing is good. The 80's synth is fantastic.
Bad guy is rubbish tho
Nah it needs to be hugely different from the navy third. Yellow or teal or something
Tbf apart from plants, it isn't used in any other context here
Prepare yourself. Prepare yourself. You are now meeting the grandmasterrrrrrr. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I mean that's where lo Celso and Lamela will play anyway. He's going to come in and push Lucas and son, or cover one of them if they play up top.
I think he's more famous though, hence the Ronaldo comparison. Messi is the greatest, but Ronaldo is more widely known.
I'd like to throw my Maltese relatives into the hat too
Can sense a meltdown tbh
Be more aggressive Nick, come on
This is democracy manifest
Fucken mad dog did it
Soccer?
Thanks Lingy
Fuck Nadal will roast him in the TB. Will be 7-2 or something
Nick is one of those players who has all the talent, but just makes insane decisions at the worst times.
Fuck off
1v2 in the rankings. Not a bad final tbh.
The new gallas
Lmao, how ridiculous is that image
The title track is unreal; I love how his style is halfway between that of Nas and AZ at that point in time, as his own style hadn't really developed yet. You could hear the influence.
Wasn't he 19, by literally a few days?
1 vs 2 in the rankings, fuck yeah we want that
Levy on a tear with 2.5 signings in january
Hey, screw you man. I happen to be a passionate P=IV fan
Have to be up in 6 hours, fuck it, need to go to sleep
Ffs. One of the worst matches Rafa has ever played in a slam. Just thrown it away
Please rafa
Thiem wins the tiebreak. He has the serve and more weapons at his disposal. And, unlike my boy NK, isn't going to do some stupid drop shot when he can easily just bang away a winner for a free point
Sunrise was mad this morning. Was quite a sight at about 6am
Not just that ey, that other chick was banging a 15 year old. There was proper dodgy shit both ways
Man zverev got absolutely fucked by that wrong call at the end. Was well in that point after that shot and then domi got another first serve
The family is just a conveyer belt of absurdly gifted football minds (all with the ability to put that into practice)
Yeah I think it was the former. I do a lot of driving, especially on some of the shittest roads that I've seen in Melbourne, so wear and tear is going to happen unfortunately.
Hahaha so am I
I'm fully in support of the cause, but this protest is actively putting peoples' lives at risk. Say I'm an asymptomatic carrier of Covid-19, and at the protest give it to someone who then passes it on to their nan, or an immunocompromised relative/friend, who then falls gravely ill or dies; that shit is directly on me, and could I live with that? No. It's mindnumbingly stupid to protest at the moment, and imo somewhat selfish. There are other ways to show your support without putting the entire Victorian population at risk of falling victim to a second wave.
The Hoddle grid is (1.61 * 0.80) km². Converting that to m² gives us (1610 * 800)m² which is equal to 1,288,000m². For social distancing purposes we need to be 1.5m away from other people, hence it becomes a circle of 1.5m radius around each person. A=πr², therefore A = π * 1.5²=7.069m² per person required. 1,288,000/7.069 is roughly equal to 182,204 people safely social distancing within that area. So, the factor is only 3 rather than 25
I'm a Rafa fan too, but I love Roland Garros because I feel as though it's the only major where the players actually go to war. It's gritty, dirty, the points are long and gruelling, and when players hit winners, you know that it took an exceptional amount of skill and/or power to get it past their opponent. The fact that Rafa has won it 12 times is absurd because of these reasons.
Texarse
The 2013 semi was a wonderful match. Was watching highlights the other day. Novak was dreadfully unlucky not to win that one
Reminds me of the premier league in 16/17 when it was a 3 horse race between Kane, Lukaku and Sanchez going into the last week; and then Kane scored 8 in the last 3 games to win it by 4
Get Dusty's cock out of your mouths lads
Wtf is that camera angle
Yeah walked down there from the G after the footy a few times to get on an empty tram.
God, Bruce's commentary has gone rapidly down hill
God some of the decision making is absurd
Honestly think the shortened quarters are going to be detrimental to the game due to the lower scores.
Or gws, or west coast.
Yeah nah, both teams were just horrible with their disposal and decision making. It was dreadful to watch
It truly is amazing to walk through the trenches in that park
That's a bullshit free or a bullshit rule. Dude spoiled that cleanly
This is proof that last night's match was absolute trash
Fuck can the sound bloke just leave the crowd noise off permanently? It doesn't fit with the match at all, especially when it's played in random snippets at ball ups
Ffs someone kick a fucking goal
The current state of the decision making is either a short kick that misses the target or a random roost in hope up the field
Morrison had a paddock in front of him and decided to kick it . Ffs mate
Yeah, that's trouble. Reckon a week
I mean both of these teams have clash jumpers. Collingwood have the mostly white jumper, which is their traditional jumper believe it or not; and Richmond have the yellow jumper, which is what they should have worn tonight. The AFL just has a double standard about which teams wear clash strips and which teams don't. It's highly unprofessional.
Sarah and Gaz with coordinated outfits here
Fuck takes me back to trying to get through the banner in junior footy when some cunt put too much tape into it
Hope it isn't an acl
Damn shame if so. Poor bloke
Wtf is that ad lmao
Martin in the elite black boots
Deliberate miss for the 7 point play
hope the suns keep this group together, they could genuinely be right up there in a few years.
gaff, shuey, and kelly have had 56 touches between them and yet west coast are well under the pump. Gotta make the most of those opportunities
gold coast to emulate the early 2000s lions with tough rangas running the show
Guy is an absolute god
Fuck they're actually stacked with talent.
I'm just waiting for gws to blow this wide open.
Lmao
Nah mate, that's oblak right there
North and missing chances, ffs.
Fuck GYG does the same when you ask for the spicy option. It's always all down one end and fucks you up
Fuck me, I've been a supporter for about 20 years and we've almost always been horrendous with our disposal/goal kicking over that period of time. Does my head in
You're not a true north supporter unless you're shitting your pants right now. Just know some dumb shit is going to happen here
You only need about a minute of good footy lol
Fuck that's a shocking decision. Either a free kick or a mark
Man I get that young people are less likely to spread the virus, but the fact that 18 year olds (and under) can return to playing competitive sport almost a full month before I can, at 23, is bloody infuriating. I just wanna get back out there
They were so good, but kept fucken losing to west coast
Also, LDU
Fuck I'm glad I watched this at my mate's place over a few drinks. No way could I have made it through that sober
Always knew he was the Pied Piper from Shrek 4
As long as it's warm enough, being barefoot is pretty normal here. If you need shit on your feet at all, cunts just chuck on thongs
I get it tbh. A lot of ugly buildings just stacked on top of each other. From an urban planning perspective it's awesome because it's really efficient at housing people, but it's definitely not beautiful imo. The overall skyline is though, hence why this photo is in here
Clearly intentional. Not sure how it gets graded as careless at all
Just set the cage up now
Smith has the same haircut as that shitcunt kid in primary school, who'd join in and then boot your footy over the fence after he missed an easy shot from straight in front.
Fuck that's atrocious from the umpire
Fuck not a fan of our coach playing for the giants
Equivalent of passing off a tap in and having the cross being cut out, why not just kick it yourself?
Good thing the dogs don't know where the goals are, or this would be over already
"where are you guys finishing this season?"
Some of the footy since the restart has been dreadful. You expect a bit better tbh
Good thing these training cones are high vis
Tbf, he is
I completely agree. Selfish cunts the lot of them
It's criminal. They should be fined/jailed
My old man was tested on Thursday night. Had his results within 24 hours at a maximum, but could have had them way sooner and I just didn't know
Would have been nice to see a north player kick at goal like that today. Just about the perfect drop punt
Fuck hodgey looks different
What dumb kick out of defense that was. High, to a 2v1, to 40m out
Fuck me, how has Birchall notched up 250? Feel like the bloke is always injured. Clear mark not paid there too imo
Gorgeous kick from Ah Chee to the leading west coast player there
Bit selfish from Cameron there. Could have given an easy handball off
Fuck Andrews is superb
Gaff got a lot of the footy but I hardly noticed him; did fuck all with it imo
Can't say who will be better at this point, but I reckon Ben is more versatile which is a good attribute to have.
Tbf gaff last night would be a contender on that front. He had 30 and I'm not sure what he actually did
Snowtown all over again
Oh get fucked, get absolutely fucked, he's kicked a beauty
This is fucked mate
Miller is a machine
Well that looked to be a clear mark
I dunno, most disposals and a goal to go with that. He was a rock in the middle next to Rowell.
Tabs taking the piss
Freo players remind me of north. Stupid decision making
Is the ball literally never wet in Perth? Freo and West Coast have massively struggled when there's been any sign of moisture.
I don't doubt that haha
To be fair it seems that north struggle to kick in perfect conditions so I'm not really in any position to talk shit
Fuck off that's 15. Was about fucking 5
Lobb has had a mare too
I wouldn't say I look like him necessarily, but I have the same hair and generally the same facial hair. It's that type hair that just does what it wants and no effort to contain it works. "Get it cut" my old man says
I've had this one. She must have pushed it as a topic in our conversations more than 10 times and I said no, even though I was into her a fair amount. Can't explain it yo
Live in Whitehorse, work in Hume too, and I'm also an essential worker. Definitely not stopping off on the way to or from work in that LGA anymore.
Jail time. If you have it, are aware of this, and then go out, you're literally putting people in danger. "Oh I didn't mean to cause the deaths of these people" isn't an excuse. People that dense don't belong in society
Yeah but he's not giving him any game time. You know something's up when gedson and winks are coming on ahead of Tanguy.
It's such a great position to play in Sunday league. Get to play passes all over the place, and more or less jog around the whole time.
It is if you're going from Perth to NZ tbf
That's rubbish
Great contest
Yeah fuck that's a mark every time
BT is fucken cooked mate
Giants getting proper fucked by the umps
No thanks
First I've seen of this and I'm utterly surprised that Nas isn't featured here with either of If I Ruled the World or It Ain't Hard to Tell. New Person, Same Old Mistakes is a banger so I hope it doesn't go next
They should be lol. Every single one of their lines is stacked. It's like they've all fallen off a cliff at once
Pun intended?
Yeah shit, didn't even look at it hahaha
I mean it was the easiest kick for a defender to deal with. It wasn't even directed at someone, just a kick in hope. You have Kennedy and darling down there and the mids are just sitting it on top of their heads with the defender almost on top of them
Nah I'm the same
"your own performance has been great so far, how are you finding it down there" "Yeah nah full credit to the boys, wouldn't be able to do it without them"
Did Sheppard say that at quarter time or half time?
Fuck that was awful from yeo
I like the bounce for its randomness and hype, but if they threw it up then you'd never have to recall it again.
Some weird fucken sounds out there in the background
Fucken bald fraud out there
Lol west coast haven't been good though
This is it, or just straight chilli
Fuck Rowell is good
Hill is class
When are pierce and hamling meant to be back?
Fuck I love hearing that thud when someone lasers a kick. Like hearing a clunk when someone absolute cunts a cover drive
The cunt is everywhere
The accuracy is improving. Now they're only hitting the post
Longmuir looks like he wants to die
How good is Touk Miller
This is currently an absolute massacre, and it should be way worse
Well the star Eta Carinae (probably similar to this star, maybe even more massive based on some papers) underwent a massive mass loss event in the 1800s. It brightened so much that it briefly became the second brightest star in the night sky. After the outburst period, the dust from the outburst concealed it, and it dropped out of naked eye visibility range. That star system is only 7000-8000 ly away and at normal levels, approximately 5 million times more luminous than the sun, so it seems plausible for something similar to have happened to this one, and at 75 million ly, not be detectable at all.
