&gt; Triss uses magic to hide her scars and age (like most magicians). She can't, as she's one of the few mages who's actually allergic to magic, and thus, magical healing.
&gt; It looked good but a lot more niche than people are expecting. I agree, but I also don't get this. From Day 1 SQ42 has been advertised as a space sim. CIG has gone on about making the 'BDSSE' -Best Damn **Space Sim** Ever.. and for some reason tons of people think this means "best game ever" (some backers included). I guess it's really been that long since we've had proper space sims that a lot of gamers don't really know what the heck they are.
Mouseflight significantly obfuscating the flight model is a huge one. Another is ship response is nearly instantaneous with zero momentum behind it (Ie, very simple to fly and maneuver). The really fast and maneuverable ships in SC used to take some skill to actually *fly*. Now 90% of the skill is how fast you can get your mouse cursor on the other ship.
Likewise I don't hate E:D.. I played the shit out of it for the first few months I had it (no idea how much time, as I bought it on release before it was on Steam). I've just found that other than a few QoL improvements, 90% of what's been added to the game is just window dressing that doesn't touch the underlying mechanical issues. If FDEV really fleshes out the gameplay than I'll hop right back into it.
Well, CH stuff was designed in the 90s and is still considered some of the best out there..
&gt; True. But the planes were much cheaper and simpler back then. Some of the Russian fighter planes were literally made mostly of wood and fabric Many combat aircraft in service in the beginning of WWII were fabric covered. That's how planes were built in the 1930s, this was in way in no way a Russian thing. The Russians actually had the very [first cantilever low-wing monoplane in military service](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polikarpov_I-16), considered revolutionary at the time of it's introduction in 1933 and was *still* considered a match for the early Bf-109 *Emil* up to 1941. The Hawker Hurricane had a fabric covered rear fuse and fabric control surfaces (one of the reasons it could be repaired much faster than the Spitfire). The Douglas DC3 -or C47 Skytrain- also had fabric control surfaces. In fact, the [de Havilland Mosqueto](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Havilland_Mosquito), one of the most successful fighter-bombers of WWII, was constructed entirely out of plywood. The Luftwaffe had two jet fighter designs (the Gotha 229 and Heinkel 163) that were wood. The He-163 actually reached operational status. It was a deathtrap, but more because it was terribly built and designed in a hurry rather than because it was made of wood. The Gotha 229 never entered service (IIRC two were built before the factory was captured by the Russians), but by all accounts it was a well designed aeroplane. Oh, and one reason it was built out of wood and fabric so it would be *invisible to radar*. Yea.. a stealth jet fighter in WWII. Built out of wood and fabric. The Stringbag (Fairy Swordfish) was a fabric covered bi-plane torp bomber that actually outlived its replacement and served for the entire war. So wood and fabric isn't as primitive as it seems ;) (Also, and while I hate to be "that guy", the I5 you linked to was actually built out of welded steel tube construction -not wood- with aluminium body from the engine to the cockpit and fabric behind).
I'm 100% guessing that "screenshot" is a Photoshop mockup and not a screenshot. The Idris is a ridiculously complex model designed for Cryengine, so unless you're game uses static images, this is a mockup or the background is just window dressing. Also that UI is insane. It can covers 70% of the screen.
CIG Legal got involved with Defy Media -The Escapist's parent company. Nothing for a while, then The Escapists articles disappear from the web along with CIG's response. I think it's safe to surmise that The Escapist didn't have a leg to stand on and they reached an agreement to prevent any kind of legal action.
Starmade.
Saganami Island Tactical Simulator is an amazing space combat game set in the Honor Harrington universe. Full 3D with newton combat. Built on the AV:T system.
No worries. I had to think for a second there.
Going to try some more solo play for **Wings of Glory**. Maybe try some bombing or photo recon scenarios. Or maybe I'll get my Zeppelin on the table. It hasn't seen a game yet.
Very true. So knowing CR, feature creep will be in full swing.
&gt; You either learn to enjoy it or you'll have been off the train long ago Or you criticize it when it needs criticizing. The "learn to enjoy it or GTFO" attitude accomplishes nothing but allowing CIG to operate in a massive hugbox echochamber.
&gt; You send me a threat or a harrassing message by text. I can't show the police the texts? The police have to get a warrant for MY phone? In that scenario I would be the victim and would be consenting to the police viewing the message but you still have a privacy interest. How is that not bonkers? No, you'll still be able to sign a consent form and have the police obtain copies of those messages. In your example, the perpetrator could *not* reasonably expect that they are engaging in a private conversation with you, and thus, would not have standing to make a Charter argument of unreasonable search. There is case law supporting this and Marakah doesn't override that case law.
&gt; Are you telling me the police were unable to get the text messages and emails and other correspondents between the involved parties? If they didn't know they existed, how were they suppose to find them? You can't arbitrarily issue production orders and warrants for crap. We have a term for that in investigations.. it's called "fishing expedition". And JPs *really* frown on them. If the police had no grounds to believe any communication existed (like if the witnesses told them there was none), they have zero way to compel anyone to give them anything that they have no evidence of its existence. As for why Gomeshi's lawyers didn't turn them over, it likely wouldn't have come up during the investigation until disclosure took place for court -at which point, the investigation is concluded. It's not uncommon at all for things to come out in court that were not found during the investigation. This is one reason why disclosure only goes one-way and is crucial to balancing the rights of the accused with the resources available to the crown for prosecution. &gt; Most of what cops do is try to catch people in lies No, it actually isn't. &gt; . How they do it is thoroughly question them and then try to verify or disprove their statements with any evidence they can get their hands. Ok. How do you verify a negative? You can't prove something doesn't exist. "Are there any messages out there that DON'T back up your story?" How the heck do you think a complainant is going to answer that? "Why yes officer, the man I'm accusing is in possession of a bunch of stuff that proves I'm lying my ass off." Again, even if cops *suspect* that other communication might exist (and when all three witnesses are telling them they don't, why would they suspect?), mere suspicion isn't enough to actually compel anyone to actually turn them over. News flash: Lying to cops severely hampers their ability to conduct a proper investigation. For the third time: They're not mind readers. &gt; Nothing that proved they lied in court was unattainable for police they could've had all the evidence that proved them liars in the first step of the investigation instead of the defense having to dig it up. Police have superior investigative powers than pretty much any civilian. How, exactly, were police suppose to compel Gomeshi to turn over communications they didn't even know he possessed? And about conflicting witness statements.. police go back and re-interview after they make statements to the media. Victim says they misspoke to the media, reaffirms police statement. The police statement is the one that's evidence. &gt; they didn't even bother looking for evidence they were lying. Would love to see something backing that up. &gt; I agree that the crown is far worse offender in this case but the cops at the very least did not do their job to the best of their abilities because of the narrative of listen and believe and that's a problem. I'm still not convinced the police didn't do their job, but I will absolutely agree with you that police are under a lot of pressure to clear these cases by charge.
Damn I'm so tired of gang bangers shooting up the hood with muzzle loading flint locks.
SATA also has another advantage for an SSD -TRIM. It doesn't function on non-SATA drives. While it's not strictly necessary, the drive performance will degrade over time even with garbage collection.
Clearly you didn't actually read Hopkins' decision.
I can tell by that comment you've never once been to a shooting range. One of the ones I go to -that happens to be near Toronto- has more visible minorities than "rural white males".
I put about 20 hours in the beta. Anyone looking for the next Railroad Tycoon is going to be disappointed. [My thoughts are here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tycoon/comments/7mhfc5/railway_empire_whats_your_take/drwrh9m/). A couple of things have changed since then, like now locomotive acceleration has been adjusted, and we now have the ability to waypoint trains. They also re-did the godawful tutorial (I haven't played the new one yet). But otherwise most of those points still stand. One thing I didn't put in the post above that's again beyond fucking stupid is that the AI trains don't have to obey the same rules as player trains (that is, they can run multiple trains on a line, trains can pass through each other, etc.). Apparently this was done because making the AI signal was "too hard", which is a huge cop-out IMO because signalling in this game is wholly unnecessary to begin with. This game requires a huge amount of micro-management for all the wrong reasons. You're spending the majority of your time babysitting your train lines instead of prospecting and actually managing your railway empire. Stock market is pretty superficial. Economic model isn't as complex as the Tycoon games but it's functional enough. Oh.. and non-campaign games are limited to single era. Start a game in 1850? You can only progress to 1870. Dumbest decision ever. The game is "ok", I guess, but sure as hell not $60 ok.
Railway Empire actually plays a lot closer to Railroad Tycoon than it does to Railroads!. Railroads! had very watered down and arcade gameplay compared to the Tycoon games.
Go to the RSI website, sign in. At the top left is a dropdown that says "Games". Click that, and there's a link there that says "Download RSI Launcher." CIG has seriously fucked the RSI website... again.
Pretty sure this is a CFO issue, not an RCMP one. Ontario doesn't require a range membership.
FreeSpace 2 SCP is the best military space combat sim ever made, by far.
This will be unpopular, but... The actual answer is both a lot more simple and a lot more complicated. The simple answer is, police aren't great at information sharing and making connections outside their little "bubble." Thus, when a complex case has many pieces outside local jurisdiction or outside the ability of local services, investigative ability is greatly diminished. The complicated answer is that there was no structure or framework in place to deal with those types of crimes. Ontario had the same issue during the Bernado investigation (Scarborough Rapist). The cluster fuck of that investigation resulted in a system being implemented called Major Case Management, which provides a very detailed and robust framework for handling major and complex cases. This system was a direct result of the [Campbell Report](https://www.attorneygeneral.jus.gov.on.ca/inquiries/cornwall/en/hearings/exhibits/Wendy_Leaver/pdf/10_Campbell_Summary.pdf), which was produced as a result of the inquiry into why the Bernardo investigation was such a clusterfuck. As a result, police in Ontario are now -by and large- very good at solving homicides and major cases in general. BC, OTOH, did not have anything like this in place, and ran into a whole bunch of the same issues that the Ontario police did. They do now. As a result of Robert Picton. I know it's fun to pretend police are a whole bunch of evil bastards out to fuck the little guy... but yea, they're not. In both these cases police training and procedures simply wasn't up to the task of dealing with those investigations. Excerpt from the introduction to the above report: &gt; The tragic history of this case, and similar cases from other countries, shows that these predators pose a unique challenge to the systemic investigative capacity of local law enforcement agencies throughout North America and Europe. The Bernardo case proves that Ontario is no exception. I don't work in BC so I'm not familiar with the specifics of their system, but I know it's implementation was a direct result of Picton. I should mention too, that several studies have shown that the RCMP's solve rate for murders of indigenous peoples and non-indigenous peoples is roughly the same. I mention this because after Picton there were tons of accusations that systemic racism in the RCMP causes them to drag their feet and not give a shit about murders of indigenous Canadians. The data doesn't support that accusation.
[See my comment here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/8nk1ec/which_creepy_urban_legend_turned_out_to_be_true/dzww9ok/) with regards to that.
The inquiry produced the Campbell Report, which had over 100 recommendations (nearly all implemented) and resulted in the introduction of the major case management system to policing in Ontario.
Don't care how you say it, I'm well dressed either way.
Really cool. Great job. I love videos like this as they always give me a little more inspiration and motivation to keep working on my layout.
As with any hobby, you get what you pay for. Bachmann has some good equipment but they generally don't put that in their trainsets. I personally *deplore* the n-scale Bachmann EZ-track.. worst track I've ever seen. Not sure about the HO stuff but I can't imaging it being much better. I also agree that the Bachmann DCC trainsets seem a little overpriced. You could build a better trainset by selecting all the equipment yourself.^3 As /u/Tavyr mentioned, the Bachmann EZ Command can only support addresses 0-9.. so what do you do when you have more than 10 locomotives? You'll have ones with double addresses. It can't consist either (run two locomotives together as one), and since you can't really do any program, you can't tweak the performance of your locomotives. What do I mean by that? Here's an example: Typically people will run DCC in what's called "28 Speed Step mode". That means you have throttle settings from '0' to '28', with 28 being full speed^1. I just purchased a KATO SD70ACe. Very nice, smooth locomotive. Except it hit warp speed in speed step 8. So my effective speed range was 0-5 for normal operations. With my DCC system, I changed the values for my mid-range (speed 14) and maximum (speed 28) voltage, adjusting the speed of my locomotive. Now my locomotive has a realistic speed curve and realistic speeds at 50% and 100% throttle. Another example; I have some older Atlas locomotives that don't like to get moving. I like my locomotives to creep along at speed step 1. My decoders allow me to adjust two CVs called "motor kick rate" and "motor kick voltage". What that does it essentially "kick" the motor with higher voltage at very low (or stopped) speeds to get the thing moving, and then smooths it out as it speeds up. This is great for low-speed switching operations. You can't do things like that with the Bachmann EZ-command system. Also worth noting that Bachmann decoders are about as basic as they come, and you can't actually adjust most of those variables even with an advanced DCC system^2. Even on a small layout you'll probably find you outgrow the EZ-Command very fast. My layout is built on a door.. it's pretty tiny. I already have something like 14 locomotives. With NCE system I could, in theory, run all of them at once (power permitting..). But this is a huge advantage to a more advanced system as well. Because you can use "long" addresses, you can program in the locomotive address to the road number. I have three GP40-2 locomotives, and sometimes I'll run them all on the layout at once. It's much easier just reading the number off the side of the locomotive '2200', '2201' and '2202' than trying to remember which one is '0', '1', '2' (considering my GP38s are 1800, 1801, and 1802). [Trying to remember which loco was what number](https://i.imgur.com/QEMyDs8.jpg) without a lookup chart beside the layout would be inviting frustration. I personally use an NCE PowerCab system, but there's other options and for the most part they're all good. ^1. Some people operate in 128 speed step mode, which essentially just uses the DCC system to "fake" a lot more speed steps. Which one is used is largely user preference. ^2. This isn't necessarily a slight against Bachmann's locomotives, some of their newer DCC stuff is inexpensive and runs nice and smooth, but the built-in decoders *are* basic. ^3. Another advantage to building it yourself is that you get to select exactly the equipment and road names you want. Might not seem like a big deal but believe me.. if you're planning on doing anything on the layout other than watching trains go around in circles it will save you a lot of planning headaches and potentially a lot of money.
Sounds a lot more like a "play stupid games, win stupid prizes" issue. The only people I feel sorry for are the cops who killed someone who was essentially unarmed. They'll have to live with that the rest of their life.
&gt; An imitation firearm can be literally anything from a cellphone to a wii-remote It actually can't. Imitation firearms are explicitly defined in the Firearms Act.
As would I. I just don't see it as a fake gun problem, just an idiot human problem.
Had to go out one time. She didn't want me to go. Absolutely refused to get back in her cage. After 20 minutes of chasing her around I finally got her in her cage. Went out and came home about an hour later. Walked over to the cage and opened the door. She ignored me. Completely. Sat on a perch looking straight forward. Wouldn't even make eye contact. I offered her an almond, she immediately grab it and threw it on the floor of the cage. I left the cage open all evening, she didn't come out once. Didn't make a sound. Didn't even acknowledge my presence for the rest of the night. Like holy shit. I've never gotten the cold shoulder like that from a human. She was fine and all happy the next morning, but damn parrots can be moody. Another time i was sitting on the couch messing around with something and she walked over and said "what are you doing?" That was pretty awesome. If she's annoyed at me she'll do things to deliberately make me angry. I know they're deliberate because she tests my reaction to things and changes tactics when she doesn't get the response she wants.
You can get different trigger groups.
I love tricking parrots. They always have that "Oh, you *asshole!*" reaction.
[This one always comes to mind](https://www.up.com/aboutup/community/inside_track/selfie-tragedy-12-7-2016.htm).
N scale EZ-track is terrible. Avoid. Flextrack will give you the most flexibility and runs well if it's laid well. Kato Unitrack (bulletproof but expensive) is another option for a small layout, though the no4 turnouts are problematic. Otherwise it's a solid product for sectional track.
Compared to what? Other brands of flex track? I don't think there's much of a difference.
&gt; Maybe sleeping bags do less for international security than supporting projects that contribute to stability in vulnerable places. I'm sure that will help when Russia finally makes a power play for the resource rich arctic. The only reason we've been able to maintain that area as Canadian is preciously *because* of our continued military presence in that area. There are multiple countries that do not recognize Canada's sovereignty over the arctic.
What, you mean you can't [do this?](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2qlmuy) What kind of crappy forensics shop are you running?
I don't think you're giving enough heed to just how fucking much Ontario HATED the Wynne liberals. They got absolutely decimated in this election. And the NDP weren't necessarily a better alternative.. their leader is Ok but they've got some extreme left-wing quacks in their party.. you know, the kind of people Ontario wanted OUT of power.
Yup. If the OLP punted Wynne when her approval rating dropped below 20% they might have pulled off a win. Of course, if the liberals had a more popular leader the PCs might have put Elliot instead of Ford in charge.. which still would have worked out better for everyone involved.
&gt; Do you really think the Provincial Liberals were even remotely "left-wing"? What's your measuring stick?
Well, no one in the PC party has been charged, let alone convicted. Give them a couple of years, then we'll fire them too.
I don't think there's necessarily a hard-and-fast rule. The railroad I model (Ontario Northland) it's actually really rare to see non-ONR stock on it at all.
&gt; 3.3 is make or break for them. People said the same thing about 2.0, 2.5, and 3.0.
&gt; 2018 is all about delivering, progressing and turning tech demos into a functional and persistent game-environment. We said the same thing in 2016 and 2017.
&gt; as seen on the road-map You mean the road-map/internal schedule/whatever you want to call it that CIG just amends and changes when they need to push stuff back?
People said *literally the exact same thing* about the previously mentioned updates. I'm frankly astounded at this community's tolerance for CIG. If this was any other game they'd have been crucified by now, figuratively speaking. I don't see one more arbitrary patch number changing that. A significant portion of this community will still rationalize it and buy into CIG's new totally awesome ship sale like they always do.
&gt; If this was any other game in this genre of game (big scope, mmo style) there would be no crucifixion because we likely wouldn't even know the game exists at this point outside of some really vague teasers This is a tired excuse, and misses the point. This game was crowd funded. It was not funded by investors. The original scope of the game had a significant amount of outside investment (remember, the original crowdfunding goal was $500,000 of the projected $21 million budget). I can guarantee you if actual investors were involved in this, CIG wouldn't be treating them like they were providing him a blank cheque and permission to take as long he wanted. Which leads me to the second point: CIG's constant mismanaging of the timelines. Many backers wouldn't be as pissed if CIG was honest about how long some of these things were going to take (and yes, they have blatantly lied about the status of the game at least twice over the last 3 years). &gt; Read Dead Redemption was announced and then NOTHING since (although now with E3 we're likely to see some stuff) not to mention they had been developing it for ages prior to the announcement. Or how about the witcher devs new game which has FINALLY gotten a new trailer after what? 4 years? more? Who cares. Neither of those games were crowdfunded. And TW3 was rushed out the door in an incomplete state. Parts of the entire third act were very obviously rushed. This was very likely a financial reason. Both those games though are also somewhat disingenuous examples, as they're self funded and published. CIG didn't fund Star Citizen. We did. &gt; CIG backed themselves into a corner with their promise of "open" development. There's a reason nearly every other studio making games of this scope don't say shit publicly for years. Practically every other studio doesn't take over 150 million of crowdfunded money. &gt; , I'm simply stating that you cannot compare this game to other games because there is no other game that has ever been developed in this fashion. Of course not.. because as we're seeing the results from *this* game, if other games started to develop this way, backers would bail out far, far earlier. I guarantee you if people knew this game would suffer from the unbelievably massive amount of scope creep it has, the initial crowdfunding would have been WAY less.
With a search warrant.
Brute force what? Unless you know exactly where and how the key is stored, you're essentially trying to randomly unscramble random bits. And that's assuming no compression or fragmentation.
No. That's a practical impossibility with anything remotely approaching competent encryption. Brute force attacks are typically conducted against a key or specific set of data that clearly resolves. Doing this against an entire storage device is, again, a practical impossibility. For example, many files that use compression are indistinguishable in hex beyond the file signature (or other possible header information). Especially if you are dealing with non-contiguous clusters you'd never actually know when you got it "right", because you'll never know if you've got everything until you do a significant portion of the file system and can readily identify all the clusters of the file (which may require the file system metadata). Now multiply that out across an entire file system. The computational power required would be absolutely insane. We're talking Quantum computer levels. Granted, for simple text in a contiguous file you *might* get it right after a while.. But how long? A sector is typically 512 bytes, with 256 combinations per byte. So 256^512. Per sector. 4 sectors per cluster (typically). A cluster is the absolute smallest allocatable area of storage. You get the idea. And that's just speaking logically. Say nothing of how NAND physically stores data. So yea... not happening. Note: I'm not a cryptographer so the above examples are overly simplistic, i put it up there for illustrative purposes to try and highlight the practical reality of brute forcing an entire drive. To break into cell phones we try and bypass the lock all together or get the passlock code. There's various ways of doing those depending on phone model and softwares. Edit: i should also mention that the purpose of encryption isn't to make data impossible to crack -that is almost a physical impossibility- but rather to make data impossible to decipher *in a practically usable amount if time*.
Off the top of my head i think 5s or newer up to 10.3, though it varies by model and OS.
If you're looking for an awesome multiplayer train sim, check out Run8.
&gt; We actually have a lot of evidence that increasing the price of fuel does decrease the use of it Practically I don't buy that -not enough for it to make a meaningful difference. It might decrease the use of it in cities, where amenities are closer together and you don't have to drive 20 Km to get to a grocery store or drive for 30 minutes to take the kids to the park or library or whatever. In rural areas and many small towns, you're forced to use a vehicle. You don't have a choice. You pay what fuel costs, or you don't get to work, don't get to the grocery store, don't get anywhere but your front lawn. Regional pricing of fuel is already enough of a compensation for this.
&gt; Police/Gov has access to all BlackBerry data. No, they don't. I work for LE in digital forensics. Police absolutely do *not* have access to "all blackberry data". And yes, I saw the articles you linked below. They're 50% sensationalist and 50% missing key relevant information. LE is able to gain access to *some* blackberry models, running certain versions of the software on specific handsets. Basically, exactly the same as every other cell phone manufacturer out there. Primary difference being is that the RCMP developed most of these methodologies themselves instead of relying on a 3rd party company like Cellebrite or Greykey.
Most Galaxy phones are easy as hell to bypass. Greykey won't do them but we have other methods. Actually, about 95% of Android phones are easy to get into. There's some exceptions. Some are much harder and a few are impossible.
If you're asking what the actual hardware differences are I couldn't tell you. I'm not a mobile device expert and don't spend a great deal of my time working with phones that I can't do anything with. On the Nexus 6P it was explained to me something about how they encrypted the lock screen. It's not enough to simply bypass it because that won't allow you to decrypt the device, and there's no known exploit for it. Most android phones are easy because, due to the lack of handset standards, the encryption is usually implemented at the software level. Apple devices are pretty much exclusively hardware encrypted. Some android phones are as well (like the 6P, Google Pixel, some others) and those are significantly harder or impossible to get into.
Problem with headshots in this game is the amount of incoming fire player mechs take. In any given battle the player mechs are subject to a multiple of more volleys than the AI mechs, so even with equal chances in absolute terms the AI is going to score a lot more headshots just by nature of shooting a lot more. It can certainly be frustrating at times. With a much more competent AI where they didn't need a 3:1 advantage to post even a slight threat this wouldn't be a problem.
&gt; Apparently, Clancy extrapolated a lot of the technical information from popular science magazines/newspapers and educated guesswork--and a lot of his guesses turned out to be correct (and highly classified). Funny enough, one of the biggest ones he got *wrong* was basically the entire sequence of scenes in Red October's missile silo room. On American and British boomers the missile silos are held within the pressure hull like it shows on *Red October* in the movie. However, on the *Typhoon*-class missile subs, the missile tubes are actually held in a ballast tank [*between* two pressure hulls](https://i.redd.it/ui635izzr0oy.jpg). So that entire sequence would have been under water lol.
[Cold Waters](http://killerfishgames.com/games/cold-waters) is also based off it. Much newer game.
That entire scene in the book with the *Providence, Boston, Chicago* and the Russian *Alfa* was tense as hell.
I was born in the 80's and never studied the cold war in any detail, but the only thing that really annoyed me about that book was the stupidity of the Politbureau. I have no idea if they were ACTUALLY that stupid but it seemed like a bit of a stretch. I also thought Clancy really overplayed the NATO technological superiority. I know NATO had the edge in quite a few ways but the book made Russian tech sound like it was 1960's stuff vs. 1980's NATO stuff. Minor gripes overall though, still a great book.
I just finished the book. Didn't know anything about Iceland before hand, now I've spent much time on Google maps looking at Iceland lol.
Yea it's kind of strange. In the book they actually use pumpjets, not some megnetohydrodynamodoohickiething. Does a pumpjet allow a reactor to operate at lower power? I know most new nukes are using them (Astute, Virginia, Seawolf, etc.), so I gather the reduction in propeller noise is significant enough. One Typhoon was even modified with shrouds around the propellers to reduce noise. Another question though, if a missile boat detected a possible enemy SSN, would they go to passive cooling and just creep along at very low speed? Or would that even make a difference?
&gt; i3, i5, i7 cpu, or the difference between DDR3 and DDR4 memory, or the difference between and IPS display versus a TN display, etc etc... i3 = dual core (two physical CPU cores on one die) with hyperthreading (Windows sees "4" processors instead of two). Generally lower processors, but can be Ok for moderate gaming. i5 = multicore CPUs without hyperthreading (no virtual CPUs like the i3s... so if you have 4 physical cores, Windows sees 4 processors). i7 = multicore with hyperthreading. So each core appears to be 2 processors to Windows. So a 4 core i7 will look like 8 processors. Generally, i5s are fine for gaming because the very vast majority of games have really shitty multithreading. Practically that means faster single core performance is more important than multithread performance, which means expensive i7s are generally wasted on gaming. As always there's exceptions to this rule. IPS displays are the typical "glossy" looking flatscreens. TN are the more "matte" or non-glossy displays, though this isn't a hard-and-fast rule. IPS screens usually have more vivid colours and better viewing angles. They're good for movies and general computer work. This is why they're often found on laptops. TN displays usually have worse viewing angles, but they have lower latency which makes them better for gaming. VA displays sit somewhere in the middle. You can get various quality of displays in all flavours.
Well, they're making a movie based on Rainbow Six (the book).
Ok, I'll try and throw a bit of perspective on this. (Canadian here) I bought a half-ton pickup as my commuter vehicle. Stupid, right? Maybe not... Pickups are extremely versatile vehicles. I can fit 5 people with all their shit in it for a weekend trip somewhere. Comfortably. I can haul crap around (building materials, lawn stuff, things I need when i travel) with zero fuss. I can easily tow with it if I need to, though that wasn't a reason i bought it. I commute 130Km to work every day. 260Km round trip. I'm a tall guy, small cars are just uncomfortable for me. I actually sat in my friend's VW Golf and my knees didn't clear the steering wheel getting in and out. Second is the mileage. I do 60,000 km a year. Canadian winters can be harsh as hell on cars. A truck is simply built heavier and will easily do 400,000 Km with proper maintenance. I got the base engine because i don't need the extra power, so fuel economy is actually pretty good, but the thing is comfortable to drive for long distances and far more versatile than any other vehicle of comparable cost. The longevity is a bonus.
Railroad Tycoon is still the objectively better game. They're making small improvements to Railway Empire but overall I find it too shallow and far too heavy on the micromanagement for what it offers. IMO it seems like the game can't decide whether or not it wants to be a railway simulator or a business simulator, and misses the mark on both. The interface was also very obviously designed with consoles in mind and is extremely clunky, with important information often hidden several menues deep or needlessly annoying to access. It's not a terrible game, but it's not a modern RRT either.
I work in forensics. I live near Toronto and used to work downtown, so i took the train in. A couple of years ago i changed employers so now I live a long way away. I haven't been able to move yet. And yea, the roads I drive on are pretty straight. I leave at 0510 so there's very little traffic. I can usually just peg the cruise at 95 and enjoy the early morning drive for an hour and a half. More traffic on the way home, but I'm against traffic both ways. In a blizzard it can take a while longer....
Easy solution. Don't steal people's shit.
Because they crashed into the ground. They still had flammable stuff on board like fuel.
In 1914 and 1915, absolutely. The P and R class Zeppelins could hit 20,000. Early airplanes, even if they had the ability to climb that high in time to intercept a Zeppelin, wouldn't be able to catch it. Edit: R class entered service in 1916.
Zeps had very little to do with Germany losing the air war over the Western front. Losing the airwar was mainly due to tactics and numbers. Germany wasn't able to train pilots or build aircraft as fast as the British and French, and by 1918 the Entente had air superiority through sheer force of numbers than any other reason. We're talking a 10:1-15:1 advantage here. Zeppelins were used as high altitude night bombers and maritime recon, and stayed in use in the later role into 1916. The army stopped using airships before the Navy, and it was loss of airships facilities and trained crews that contributed to their decline as much as cost and vulnerability. After WW1 there was quite a lot of airship development. The Brits with the R-101 and R-102, the United States with it's 5 airships, and even Germany continued to develope them. The Graf Zeppelin flew into 1938.
Flew too high and too fast. Even when planes got to the point where they could catch them, bullets won't really do anything to an airship.
I've read it and many similar articles. I still disagree with the conclusions. The dope was very difficult to ignite, and video of the Hindenburg burning clearly shows the entire internal volume of the airship aflame before even half the skin was burning. The dope used on the Hindenburg wasn't unique. Yet, out of all the airship accidents, the Hindenburg is the only one where this is cited as a factor, and only in recent years. It really reminds me of the Olympic/Titanic switch theory, though at least the Hindenburg one has some actual science to support it.
I don't think stealing is a valid reason to kill someone either. However, I also think it's completely unreasonable for a homeowner to guess the motives and disposition of a theif before they're allowed to defend themselves. The easiest solution to not getting shot is not to steal other people's shit. I chose to put the responsibility of safety of the one committing the crime on the criminal, not the one being victimized.
You have to keep in mind that in 1914 aeroplanes had only been around 12 years or so. So while most people think WWI aeroplane and think [something like this] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/96/Fokker_D_VII_SE-XVO_OTT_2013_04.jpg/2880px-Fokker_D_VII_SE-XVO_OTT_2013_04.jpg), the reality is that things like [these] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/Morane-Saulnier_L_in_Soviet_markings.jpg) were being flown, against [these] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dc/LZ-66_Zeppelin.jpg). Airship technology was quite a bit ahead of aeroplane technology in 1914 and 1915.
That's the exception though, not the rule. You're not going to hear about all the missing person reports filed that are actioned and the person is found without a fuss. Those are *by far* the more common ones.
Partially. This dude with a moustache stiring shit up in Europe didn't help the situation. Mostly though technology simply left them behind. By WWII there really wasn't anything an airship could do that an aeroplane couldn't do better, more safely, and a lot cheaper.
Right, but i don't think the owner should have to justify themselves in these cases. We always take the stand that defending yourself is presumptuously unreasonable, and i think that's wrong.
Pretty much. There's not much website info on them. Most of what i learned we'd from talking to other owners
Arvoch Alliance has a pretty good mission editor, but only minor modding beyond that. Sadly there simply aren't any modern military space combat sims.
Project Despot Dictator was rejected for optics reasons.
2 underage. Rest are adults.
&gt; It's astonishing what human beings are capable of inflicting on their fellow human beings. Which is why the first part of fighting a war is dehumanizing the enemy. Humans, by and large across nearly all cultures, recoil at killing other humans. But when you're killing a filthy animal it's easier to make that mental break.
In many parts of Canada this simply isn't a realistic concern. Like.. I've gotten dear in the headlights looks from some of my American friends when I've said I literally have zero concern about not being able to carry. They simply didn't get that "being attacked" isn't a fear many Canadians have. Doesn't even register or cross my mind when I go outside. Hell I've gone to bed and forgot to even close the doors (left screens open). Get up in the morning and my first thought is "why the fuck is it so cold in here?" Second is "oh, I left the door open. Oh well." Third is "Where's my coffee?". "Oh shit I could have broken into and killed" never enters my mind. For some perspective, I am a gun owner and I work in LE, so I'm not just ignorant. Now in rural Saskatchewan OTOH....
..which doesn't really matter, since gang-bangers paint their guns to look like toys all the time for the express reason that they hope someone will think its a toy. Flat out, cops are going to treat any gun call like the subject has a real firearm, whether they have a brightly painted banana or an actual firearm.
Who's "they"?
&gt; " muricahs gun obsession is f messed up and nothing will fix it". As a Canadian, I 100% agree.
I drove a camry hybrid once. That car was physically incapable of accelerating to highway speed on shorter ramps. It was seriously the most gutless piece of shit i ever had the misfortune of driving.
No, I'm a complete moron and have no idea what the Toyota symbol looks like and I'm illiterate so i couldn't read "Camry" on it. Yes , it was a Camry and not some "made up car". At the time outside of the Nissan Leafs and Altima hybrids they were the only vehicles available at the Queen's Park motor pool, and the on ramp it couldn't accelerate worth a shit on was the short ramp from York Street onto the Gardner Expressway. The next hybrid i had to get was an Altima, and it was significantly better. I did drive a newer Camry hybrid a couple years later (maybe a 2013 or 2014 model) and while it was lethargic it was capable of getting out of its own way. I also had the misfortune of driving a Prius. Another hybrid I hate, though not because the lack of acceleration was dangerous. I haven't driven a hybrid anything newer than a 2013 or 2014, so like i said, no idea what the new ones are like. Electric motors typically accelerate fast because they provide full torque at zero RPM, unlike an ICE. However that torque falls off as RPM increases, transferring the load to the ICE. The Camry I drove had no torque whatsoever coming from the ICE, so once you got up to 60 or 70 your ability to accelerate flatlined.
The Altima was a hybrid, much better car then the Camry. It did not hit 80 before that ramp ended. I remember it because it pissed me off so much. That's why i had the Altima next.. made sure it wasn't the same piece of shit Camry i had driven. No idea what kind of mechanical condition it was in. It was a fleet vehicle so who knows. Probably shit tires, too. Regardless it made me severely dislike the car, and the newer one I drove a couple years later didn't do much to improve my opinion of the vehicle.
No issue with electric cars. Loved the Leaf. I'd consider owning one if it was practical for me. Hybrids OTOH.. I've never driven one that had a single redeeming feature about it, save maybe the Altima. I wouldn't buy one of those for other reasons.
They actually don't club baby seals. That's illegal. But thanks for buying into the Greenpeace/WWF/PETA propaganda.
Like everywhere else, ask the locals for a good local coffee shop.
Parakeets are parrots...
I work in LE. You'd think so, but the opposite has actually happened. Technology has made investigations much more thorough and much more complex. This has resulted in the need for better trained and higher skilled people (read: expensive training) with increasing need for specialized technical skills (read: specific education and experience). The result is that there's actually less people available to do these tasks. An old retired cop I used to work with joked that now days more time and effort goes into a parking ticket than used to go into a homicide. He was being fecetious, but the reality is even simple things in policing take a significant amount of man hours.
I always thought David Weber's Honor Harrington series struck the right balance of realism and cool factor. Ships opening fire on each other from 20 million kilometers away with massive missile barrages while accelerating at 300g.
There's always going to be issues that need to be fixed in any large organization. That's not an excuse, but an acknowledgement. Policing is scrutinized and changes are constantly being made to address problems that exist (and even ones that don't). Sometimes we would like those changes to happen faster, unfortunately Government bureaucracy is what it is. But if you really think our police force is broken, you've never seen a broken police force. If the only thing you look for is problems, problems are the only thing you're going to find. Just like news headlines making people think the world is going to shit (its not), you won't see headlines of all the good work done by police forces in Canada. Why? Becuase it's the routine normal.
Hard with such a broad criteria. Overall I would have to say for pure badassness the *Orion*-class Destroyers from FreeSpace 2. Nothing is quite as awesome as one of those warping in and wasting everything around it with concentrated beam canon fire. Though for eloquence of design I'd have to say the *Excelsior*-class from Star Trek. Actually most ships from TMP era trek are of an eloquent utilitarian aesthetic that wasn't matched by later trek.
Fuck, in Canada he'd be up on unsafe storage charges, dangerous use of a firarm, and 2nd degree murder (or attempted if they guy didn't die).
You have to wonder how far behind they are when they won't even tell you how far behind they are.
&gt; So, because they're not confident about all elements on the plan, they don't want to show it... Which in itself actually says a ton about the state of the project.
I'll second Schneier's work. He has another book called "Schneier on Security", which is mostly a collection of blog pieces and other stuff he's written over the years, but it's less about cryptography and cryptographic systems and more about common sense information security in general, it's technologically applications, and the common pitfalls that "experts" often fall into. Very good book for anyone interested in the practical side of information security.
Budget us going to be your main determining factor. Outside of the ones you mentioned, you have CH Products HOTAS (Fighterstick, Throttle, Pedals). CH stuff is an old design, but built like a brick shithouse, near indestructible. Don't let the plastic look fool you. People have had their same CH gear for decades. The design and function is dated and they have some unique traits that will annoy some people, but they're solid. IMO the throttle is the best throttle to use for space sims, bar none. Complete HOTAS setup will probably run you around $300-$350. Next is your Thrustmaster Warthog. Nice equipment, but has some issues with the gimbal and the consensus is that it's overpriced. Stick can be stiff. Really better suited to jet sims like DCS and BMS (it was basically designed for the DCS A10C). Next you have Virpil gear. Bar none the best HOTAS gear on the market. Also the most expensive and hard to get a hold of. If you can find a VKB Cobra 5 or Gladiator Mk.II they're good sticks. I think they're out of production though, but you can still find them. It's about the best stick you can get under $150.
&gt; Unfortunately the reality of real time gaming demonstrates that paper turn based rules don't translate well. No, this isn't the problem. Look at Star Fleet Command I and II. these are based on one of the most complex turn based games created: Star Fleet Battles. They're very close to SFB and those games turned out fine, for both single player and multiplayer. The biggest problem with Battletech is tabletop is based around **random** damage locations. You don't get to pick and choose where your shots hit. This means that a pair of AC/10 shots from the front might hit one in the left leg and another in the right arm, whereas in MechWarrior games you can pinpoint aim both of them at the head or CT. Missile damage is similarly spread across the entire mech. The second problem (and this was an issue in TT as well) is custom mechs. With 3025 technology it's not too bad, though some cheese builds still exist, but when you get 3049+ tech, combined with the ability to alpha strike into a single armour location, it's very possible to create massive balance issues. &gt; PGI had the undesirable role of balancing the game, while fighting off the grognards who live and die off of the importance of a typo between print editions of 20 year old books. Well, back in closed beta, the bigger problem was PGI had *no fucking idea* what they were doing with balancing. Their balancing approach was to make *massive* changes and "see how it feels" (their words, not mine). The majority of the CB testing community was trying to encourage PGI to *not* stick so close to TT values. They just had no clue. They didn't understand the tabletop game well, and they didn't understand how the changes they were implementing were going to effect gameplay. It was a complete clusterfuck approach to balancing.
Pretty sure MW3 did this.
What mess? The game wasn't complete. They needed a year to get it to a releasable build and ship it. They didn't add anything to the game. They CUT incomplete features from it, scaled it back, and released it. They didn't re-do the game. They didn't start over. I know this doesn't fit your revisionist history.
I disagree. You need mechs to be mobile. Going full speed all the time isn't a problem -it's how they're supposed to work. In TT this was balanced by roll modifiers, heat generation, and terrain (so I guess I partially agree -movement should effect how accurate you are). Yu have to be careful with crosshairs depending on movement speed and specs as it will highly encourage camping and sniper builds. You'd need VERY smart map and objective design to balance this (two things PGI hasn't got a clue about). Back in the early days of MWO they actually had a good spotting system where mobility was encouraged to spot and gameplay rewarded smart use of terrain. This was before they implemented their bastardized version of ECM (once again showing they know nothing of tabletop) that combined both Shadow Armour and Angel ECM into a single, ridiculously powerful device. This completely destroyed the information warfare game and guaranteed everything turned into a high-alpha, close quarters brawl. I'm sure many of us have an idea how we might "fix" the problem. One I've considered is increased engagement ranges but semi-auto targeting, so you as a player can decide what and when to shoot, but you don't get to pick exactly where on your target the shots hit. This is actually very close to how it works in BT lore. Other suggestions I've seen are to greatly increase the amount of armour hit locations, so now CT is say 20 different hit areas instead of just 1. The effect is that damage is spread across a much greater area and pinpoint targeting becomes a lot more difficult. MechWarrior: Living Legends fixes a lot of this by smart use of combined arms, good map design, and disallowing custom mech builds. You're still running around fast a lot but I find the gameplay much, much more fluid and rewarding than MWO.
Thrustmaster has to pay licensing for the Warthog. Stick designs are IP like anything else. I wouldn't go for a t-flight hotas. It's a cheap controller designed for the playstation and adapted to PC use. [The Thrustmaster FCS HOTAS](http://www.thrustmaster.com/en_US/products/t16000m-fcs-hotas) is a much better piece of equipment.
This post is an update to one I originally wrote in 2015. Some entries may be absent. Anyone please feel free to update/correct in the comments. I've removed the Saitek entries on account of MadCatz being dead. If you see a Saitek branded stick, ignore it, unless it's one of their really old pre-madcatz models. Good sticks are expensive. Very much like comparing a cheap $12 keyboard to a $150 mechanical one. The cheap one "works", but you don't realize how shitty it is until you type on the expensive mechanical one. There is a complete night-and-day difference between a cheap stick and a more expensive one. Some of the problems you get with cheap sticks: * Deadzone. That is, a "dead" area around the centre where you get no reaction from movement of the stick. Better sticks have zero deadzone. * Quality. Better sticks are just built better. Unlike mice, a joystick is a mechanical device that gets a lot more abuse when gaming. Cheap sticks don't stand up to abuse very well. The best quality sticks (CH Products) can last 15 years and still function like the day they were bought. Cheaper sticks sometimes don't even make it 6 months before they start to develop issues. Cheaper sticks sometimes even have buttons that are DOA or don't work properly after a very short period of time. * Precision. Cheap sticks have shit internals (with the exception of the T16000m). They're not precise. They don't calibrate well, they'll develop 'spiking' over time (spiking is a quick and uncommanded "blip" in the stick's motion). Expensive sticks use significantly higher quality internals, and the motion on them is much smoother. This means it's easier to game with. Imagine using a mouse that would randomly move your cursor a couple of inches every now and then. That's what joystick spiking is like. * Expensive sticks have better control software. Far, FAR too many people underestimate the usefulness of a joystick's control software. This software lets you do things like assign keymaps for programs, macros, custom sensitivity and response curves, axis reassignment or axis inversion, and depending on the software other more complex functions. Saitek's is decent, Thrustmaster's TARGET is very good and CH Product's Control Manager is widely considered the best on the market. * Expensive sticks have better resale value. You can probably reclaim 80-90% of what you spent on a good stick or HOTAS if it's lightly used and you decide you don't like it. I've seen 5 year old CH gear go for a mere $20-$40 less than brand new stuff. --------------------------------------------- /u/kalnaren's standard "Need HOTAS Advice" post: *A quick note on prices: This stuff is very subject to regional pricing, some of it extremely so. Don't be surprised if you go on amazon or whatever and see different prices listed than what I have down here. For the most part I've used CAD regional pricing as a guide.* **Under $100 Bracket** * T16000m: Oddball stick for the simple fact that, despite the cost and "meh" plastic plastic build, it's got a lot going for it. Uses magnetic HALL sensors instead of cheap pots, very accurate, ambidextrous. Compatible with TM's TARGET software (big, BIG plus). * Logitec Extreme 3D: Cheap stick. Poor quality pots. I've had calibration issues with them. Can develop spiking. Won't last near as long as better sticks.. you get what you pay for. * Thrustmaster HOTAS X: Personally not a fan, as it has all the problems of a cheap joystick crammed into a HOTAS form-factor. Maybe only useful to see if you like the HOTAS setup.. but keep in mind it's a $30-$50 HOTAS when "proper" HOTAS systems start at $160. **Is not** compatible with TM's TARGET software, which IMO totally kills it. **$100 - $200 Bracket** * T16000m + CH Pro Throttle: Excellent budget HOTAS solution. The good-for-the-money T16000m combined with the best throttle unit on the market. Makes use of TM's TARGET (for the stick) and CH Control Manager (for the throttle). Gives you twist on the stick + a fully analogue thumbstick on the throttle. * Saitek x52 Pro: Old design. Generally requires magnet mod to make it a decent stick. Known for throttle quadrant failures. On the plus side, old design improved over the original x52 means that a lot of Saitek's QC issues don't apply to this stick. Personally I found them *very* sloppy, poor centering requiring a large deadzone, and poor calibration. This was all on an unmodded stick though. * Saitek x55/Logitech x56: Good stick on par with the money if you get one that works. Saitek's quality control is complete shite. Issues range from button ghosting, buttons not working, sticks DOA, throttle issues, and other problems. Some people have had to RMA 3 times before they got one that worked. Others got one that worked out of the box. Very large stick with sub-optimal button layout. Throttle unit is better in this regard. Anecdotal evidence seems to suggest components in the system starts to fail around 600-700 hours of use. Logitech has fixed SOME of the QC issues from Saitek, but some design issues with the device remain. * Thrustmaster FCM HOTAS. IMO the new, best base entry HOTAS. Pairs the good-for-money T.16000m with a decent throttle. I haven't used one but I haven't heard anything bad about them (at least nothing that can't be forgiven for the cost). **$300 - &lt; $500 Bracket** * CH HOTAS: Must be bought in pieces (throttle, stick, pedals). One of the best quality HOTAS on the market. Yea, it's "plastic".. that plastic is fibre-reinforced nylon polymer. CH builds stuff for industrial, agriculture, and military use. Their shit lasts forever (20+ years, no joke). Only throttle that has an analogue thumbstick. Best control software on the market. All components have some odd ergonomics some users don't like. No twist (not a liability, IMO). Uses pots, so still requires re-calibration every now and then, but they're excellent quality pots, so you won't run into the spiking and drift issues common to cheaper sticks. Modeled after the stick and throttle in the F-16 fighter. Unfortunately, very subject to regional pricing and difficult to find outside of North America. Large stick; roughly same size as the X55 but with better button layout. **&gt;$500 Bracket** * Thrustmaster Warthog: Stick licensed copy of the one in the A-10C Thunderbolt II aeroplane. Very sturdy exterior build on the stick, though still uses plastic internal parts. Very heavy throw weight. IMO best looking of all the sticks. Compatible with TM TARGET software. No twist. Better suited to jet/DCS/BMS sims than space sims or WWII sims, but still a good stick. Various reports of stick suffering from stiction issues. * Virpil: I'm lumping all the Virpil gear together for now. At the moment Virpil is considered the best quality mainstream HOTAS on the market. Awaiting mine; will update after I get my hands on it. **Others** * VKB: Please see [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/32npc9/hi_i_am_a_newbie_any_joystick_recomendations/cqd902p). I've heard conflicting reports as to whether or not the Defender Cobra M5 is still in production. Either way it's hard to get a hold of. Likewise with the Gunfighter Mk2. Good stuff if you can get your hands on it. **My Personal Recommendations** * Best Budget Stick: T16000m. * Best Budget HOTAS: CH Pro Throttle + T16000m for space sims, or Thrustmaster FCS HOTAS for flight sims. * Best HOTAS: Full CH setup for 6DoF sims, or Virpil gear + your choice un pedals for flight sims. **What about pedals?** If you don't have a twist stick they're pretty much required. Even if you have a twist stick I can't recommend pedals enough. They give you far more control and feel much more natural, not to mention you don't end up killing your wrist over longer gaming sessions. * Saitek Pro Flight Rudder Pedals: Honestly, I don't know a lot about them. Better suited to Saitek's civvie flight sim line. Retail for around $150. Same internals as the PRO Flight Combat Pedals, but different layout. * Saitek PRO Flight Combat Rudder Pedals: Probably the best piece of 'combat oriented' gear Saitek makes. I haven't heard many complaints about them. Nice and large, sturdy. Retail around $200 * Thrustmaster TPR. Newer entry. [See the recent FSelite review](https://fselite.net/reviews/thrustmaster-tbr-pedal-set-the-fselite-review/) * CH Pro Pedals: Good quality pedals, like all of CH's stuff. Smooth but stiff motion with very abrupt centering. Nicknamed "nutcracker" because of how close together the pedals are (8"). If you're think in the thighs this could be a problem. Otherwise on-par with the rest of CH's gear. Come with stops so you can use them as gas/break in car or tank sims or something. Compatible with CH's software. Retail for around $160. * VKB T-rudder MkII pedals: Responsive pedals with a simple push down action (adjustable), but with no toe pedals. All metal, well constructed and not insanely priced. A mid-tier step between Saitek/CH Pedals and MFG or Slaw device. * MFG Crosswind: Very high quality pedals. Second only to Slaw Device pedals. Retail around $500-$600. * Slaw Device Pedals: Best pedals on the market. Very expensive, but hand-made, all metal. Extremely high quality. Around $700 IIRC. **Twist vs. No Twist** This is largely an issue of personal preference, and there's valid points of view for it either way. I'll outline a couple based on my own experience: Pros of Twist: * Saves real-estate. * Twist sticks are widely available by comparison. * Don't need to invest in pedals. * Arguably easier to use. Cons of Twist: * Axis bleed is a real issue. * Torqueing motion is unnatural for the wrist, and it can start to ache after longer gaming sessions. * Not as accurate as pedals. * Generally leads to weaker stick. * Can exasperate calibration issues. After switching to a non-twist stick and getting pedals I'll never go back, but again, personal preference.
You're better off with a mouse and keyboard over that abomination. Regardless, keyboard mapping is something very personal. I find it really hard to use other people's maps. So whatever you decide to get, I strongly encourage you to play with it and map it yourself.
The "proper" HOTAS setup is the one that works best for you. How I set up my HOTAS might be very different than how you set up yours. The idea is that you want common functions somewhere on the HOTAS. The more common or critical the function, the easier it should be to access. Also helps to map things logically together (targeting commands together, weapon commands together, etc.) When you're playing Star Citizen, think of the functions you're using *all the time*. Map those first, and see how it feels. Then think of the functions you use some of the time, and map those. If you have any room left you can map other things. Don't be afraid to play around with different things in different places. When I learn a new game it usually takes me 5 hours or so to get my HOTAS map comfortable, and that's when it's based on one of my existing maps. It will take longer from scratch. Also, make sure you learn the TARGET software. Control software is a big part of HOTAS systems and way too many people ignore it.
Why don't you just take the time and map it yourself?
Most of what they've added is just window dressing on top of the already existing mechanics. It's added no new ways of doing anything.
That's why I like the CH Pro Throttle. I put horizontal and vertical translation on the thumbstick and aim with the main stick.
What? SC works fine with a CH HOTAS. That's what I use. Sounds more like you've got incorrect axis assignments.
Ok but the CH throttle is part of a HOTAS...
I just order a VPC unit but for this reason I'll be keeping my CH one around for space sims.
I can rarely get the throttle to go from 0 to 255 on calibration. What I do is move the throttle to its maximum extent, and then back off a bit before clicking 'Ok', in both directions. This means you have a bit of additional play and works generally well, though occasionally I still have to advance the throttle, back off, and advance it again to get it to read 100%. The thumbstick often needs a bit of a deadzone -I have mine set at 5%- but not much more. My throttle moves smooth, no issues there, but I've ALWAYS gotten throttle jitter on it, which is annoying. One of the two main reasons I just ordered a Virpil unit. Stick likewise centers properly 99% of the time. Every now and then I'll get a wee bit of Y axis negative drift, which is always fixed by just giggling the trim wheel. Did you buy your CH stuff new? I could see maybe one defective product but two seems extreme...
If you play any kind of simulation games: TrackIR. There's some alternatives that are cheaper but not a single one works as good or as smooth as TrackIR. Since I got one I cannot play a flight sim without it. A good stick/HOTAS. A $30 stick performs like a $30 stick. You don't realize how shitty they are until you play with a much better one.
Are they adding coop skirmish to this?
Hmm cool. That was a big request from the first one.
Yup. I really hate it when gun owners go on about rights and property rights and gun control encroaching on rights... It's a stupid argument in context and there's no faster way to make Anti-gun folk think you're a loon. I have guns because *shooting is fun*. I love going out and putting some rounds down range. Firearms are really nifty mechanical devices. Eloquently simple in design for what they do. They're just cool.
Exactly.
The new legislation is backdooring a registry. The fear is that, by requiring gun stores to keep a record of all sales of non-restricted firarms, the police will be able to use an existing provision in the Firearms Act to access that information without any kind of judicial authority.
You're right, drugs kill many, many, many MANY more people than legal firarms in Canada. Guess we better craft new laws targeting legal gun owners.
It's not practical if it doesn't work.
Are you also proposing banning tuning cars, performance cars, and motorcycles?
I have a better idea: Ban low performance drivers, not high performance cars. A moron driving a Civic at 150 through a residential street is going to kill someone just as easily as driving a Porche at 150 through a residential street. In fact, if you look at the data from the IBC, it's the "normal" transportation cars that are responsible for killing the most people. So if your goal is to make people safe.. why are you banning cars and not shitty drivers?
Because the high performance driver in a high performance car isn't a problem.
&gt; Don't we ban low performance drivers all ready? Isn't that what a driver's licence is? You mean kind of how we criminals from guns already, except for that a PAL/RPAL is? &gt; If you're trying to make an analogy to guns, the difference is that cars for many people are necessary to live by getting them to work. Other than some Northern communities that need guns for food and safety, guns are not a necessity for living in Canada. This is largely irrelevant, unless you're making the argument that even shitty drivers should be allowed to drive because it's a necessity. &gt; High performance cars are not necesarry for survival either. And yet, if we banned them, you'd have practically zero effect on motor vehicle deaths. Because by and large, legal high performance automobiles are not operated by low performance drivers or criminals. Kind of like guns....
According to the available data, the effect would be a statistical blip. The resources would be much better applied somewhere they'd work.
If you play combat flight sims I'd say its imperative. Even in non-combat flight sims it makes things like visual circuits so much easier.
Elite is really nothing like EvE, from a gameplay or economic standpoint.
&gt; They're fairly secure too IT forensics guy here. I hate it when I get Chromebooks. What I'm getting off them falls somewhere between "jack" and "shit".
I don't work in incident response, I work in criminal forensics, so I don't really care about malware and the like (insofar as making sure I'm not infecting my hardware...). Though exploits are occasionally useful for imaging devices. Two of the cases I've had chromebooks on: One was a securities case, all the work the suspect did was in Google Drive and they used their Chromebook. We were hoping to be able to pull locally stored drive docs/sheets from the Chromebook, since it *does* store Google Drive docs locally until it syncs up. I was able to image the device but all the locally stored drive stuff was encrypted or extremely heavily obfuscated, so no luck. Another case was a child exploitation case. The only way we were going to be able to image it was with a chipoff, and decided the effort wasn't worth it since we were extremely unlikely to get any readable data from it. We've had a couple more in and now we really don't even bother with them. Since the Chromebooks mostly access cloud storage we have other means available to get the data if it's really, really important.
I remember the campaign in Total Air War. It had an amazing dynamic campaign. You could actually play the game as an AWACS controller if you wanted to. AFAIK nothing else comes close.
One of the following: * T16000m: Probably the best budget stick on the market. * Thrustmaster FCS HOTAS: A little more than your budget, but combines the T16000m with a decent throttle unit. Probably the best budget HOTAS available. * VKB Defender Cobra 5: Rare as fuck, hard to find, but usually under $100 and a very good budget entry. * VKB Gladiator: Basically same as the above. A little more expensive. [Though available right form VKB](https://vkbcontrollers.com/?product=vkb-sim-gladiator) * Logitec Extreme 3D pro: This is your "I want to get him something and can't find any of the above" entry. Not a fan of them. IMO anyone saying they're extremely good has either not used one very long or not used anything much better. * Anything Saitek made: Any of the old Saitek crap under $100 isn't worth buying. Avoid.
Yea it wasn't perfect but it pretty good.
IMO, easier.. because you don't have to remember a shitton of hotkeys.
He turned me into a newt!
TBF, the United Church has always been chill as fuck.
&gt; Previously when the only real marketplace for most games was Steam you didn’t have any choice either. You know PC gaming existed before Steam, right? Like.. I was downloading indie games in the late 90s.
I wish CIG would take hints from Evochron /Arvoch for the flight model, instead of the schizophrenic approach they've been taking.
A lot will, some will need various degrees of work (anywhere from editing a text file to having to install full on mods or other execs).
Up until very recently the PC crowed has been larger than console, and it's still significantly larger than any single console.
No.. the console market (combined) didn't start to catch up to the PC market until around 2015.
TBF, I've seen this said multiple times before, and so far it's never turned out to be true. One advantage of big games being developed for consoles is that they'll run well on a solidly mid-range PC.
What I wouldn't give for a new FFB stick. You shouldn't be getting axis noise on CH sticks. They don't require any more maintenance than you have to do on most other sticks (sure, you can leave an X52 the way it is but they're sloppy as hell), just different maintenance. Just take a browse of this sub and see how many people are asking about greasing other sticks, talking about gimbal issues with the warthog, etc. Heck there's a post in this thread from a guy who had a ton of problems with Virpil gear. I still maintain in their price range CH sticks are the best available, and outside VKB stuff better than anything cheaper. Based on what you describe I'm guessing you just really dislike the ergonomics of CH sticks (there's no reality where a 3D Pro is better than anything CH makes by any objective measure), which is perfectly fine. I've maintained that CH ergonomics aren't for everyone. But that doesn't in any way mean they are bad or less relevant designs.
The gloves makes sense. Before the QC issues came to light with the X55 I was seriously considering getting one. Got a chance to mess with one after I got my Fighterstick and found the size seriously unwieldy. I didn't mind the overall feel of the stick though.
I often describe my parrots as flying toddlers that interact with the world with a pair of side-cutters.
Parrots are one of the most amazing and frustrating pets to own. [They can be very affectionate](http://i.imgur.com/y3lEiuI.jpg) on their own terms. They have very different personalities and each parrot is unique. Parrots are incredibly intelligent and incredibly emotionally intelligent. This brings a host of issues, positive and negative. They're not difficult to care for per se, but they absolutely are not cats or dogs and have very different emotional requirements. Parrots typically sleep through the night. Mine even stay quiet until I get up in the morning (generally), or their morning noise is quiet chitter chatter and other banter with each other. They CAN make noise though and a screaming parrot will make your ears bleed. It's very easy to train bad habits into a bird.
^^ same here. I might be able to convince one or two friends to get into DCS with it. They're not hard core flight sim peeps but they like flight games.
Very cool. Any way to spawn friendly combat aircraft? Playing SP I wouldn't mind a couple of buddies flying around...
And I'd be surprised if these things didn't have some wicked powerful ECM systems on them.
Happens in the ADIZ over Canada once or twice a month. Sometimes it's our guys that do the intercept, other times ANG or USAF out of Alaska.
&gt; I've got an updating coming out in a few hours where you can spawn more units for both coalitions Hey very cool, I played with the Zeus spawning a bit. I noticed though that BlueFor aircraft spawned this way basically just go and land, ignoring targets.
FreeSpace 2. Best space combat sim ever made. Works great with a HOTAS.
A game written for DirectX requires the DirectX libraries, which are Windows proprietary. Games that function in Linux generally support OpenGL or another framework. AFAIK there's zero FOSS alternative that's compatible with DirectX.
&gt; another problem with SSDs are that if they're powered off/ disconnected from a power source for too long (say, a month on the shelf) then there's a risk of the drive basically dying on you. This *might* have been true of very early SSDs, maybe. Modern SSDs need to go without power for a at least a *year*, and more likely 2-3 years, before losing data.
I know it's called that in game, and its wrong. It's a pretty transparent post-hoc justification explaining it away.
Virpil is restocking about every two weeks right now. But the hot-cake items sell out in a few hours once it goes live on their store.
If it's being used exclusively for ED, I'd honestly go for a CH Throttle (or two sticks -user preference). The Mongoose is a really solid piece of kit, but in the few minutes of screwing around with it I did in Evochron, I'm still thinking the CH Throttle is superior for space sims, and especially superior for VR since you never have to remove your hands from the throttle to access any of the buttons. The virpil stick though... holy shit.. that's in another league. Haven't tried ED with it yet though but while I *might* use my CH throttle for ED I see no reason I wouldn't use my Virpil stick.
&gt; The damn thing literally crashed afters its first deployment a few months ago. That's one hull loss for over 70,000 flight hours. There are **zero** other military aircraft **in history** that can make that claim. None. The F-16 also had a shitton of teathing problems with its FBW system. So much so they [actually made a movie about it](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103626/). Now, the F-16 is the most successful jet fighter ever created. Nearly every military aircraft has issues. It took a very long time to [iron out the problems with the Osprey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accidents_and_incidents_involving_the_V-22_Osprey). The Hawker Siddeley Harrier was known to [kill a shitton of its pilots](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Harrier_Jump_Jet_family_losses). You know what the difference is with the F-35? It's being developed in the age where social media and the Internet has given every defense "expert" a platform to shout from. The F-35 is one of if not the most advanced fully integrated weapons platforms ever developed. It's not going to perform flawlessly out the gate.
&gt; It wasn't related to the stealth except by virtue that you need internal bays are required to be stealthy. The issue was that they discovered in some situations (high speed low altitude or engine running on the ground with ambient air temps above 90 °F) the weapons bay temp exceeded what some wires routed through it were certified for. No indication that it's actually dangerous, but no indication that it was assuredly safe which in aviation terms means "don't do this till we can be sure". Also this was nearly three years ago so the parts have probably been certified by now. In addition, there's often restrictions on running certain equipment in fighters on the ground because of overheating issues (like keeping radar powered on standby). This is actually somewhat common on many planes -civvie and military alike- that rely on any kind of air cooled systems. It's pretty much a non-issue most of the time. It would be like idling your car in 35^o C weather with the A/C blowing full.
Here's a few things I use HATs for on the Mirage: On the stick: * HAT for TRIM Up, down, left, right. On the M2000 this is how you control the AP as well. * Two-way HAT for selecting cannon or Magic II * HAT for TDC slew * HAT for TWS/CTT, Return to search. Special Mode Forward, Special Mode Back. On the throttle: * HAT for Transmit VHF or UHF (SMS Radio) * HAT for other system functions (such as airbrakes) * HAT for PRF select up/down, BAR select* * HAT for Master Arm, Selective Jettison, Cannon Safety, FBW G-Limiter Switch* On the Su-27 I have even more functions mapped to HATs since I can't click buttons in the cockpit, such as Flair or Chaff dispense. *I just got a Virpil throttle so a lot of things I had mapped to the HAT switches on my CH Throttle I'm moving to different places on the Virpil throttle. Best thing about HAT switches as oppose to single buttons is that it's both much easier to group functions logically together, and buttons are much much closer meaning you don't have to move your fingers to access 4 different functions.
I'd love to get the Viggen but I really prefer A2A play. Really wish they'd get the JA-37 variant in.
What do you want to do? FC3/MAC will give you a nice wide variety of airplanes to fly. Though honestly the only plane from FC3 I actually fly is the Su-27 Flanker. I've had FC3 for over a year, picked up a Baguette a few months ago, and I've already spent a lot more time in the Baguette than I ever did in FC3. Not because FC3 is bad (it's not and I actually think it's great value for the money, and a very good high end survey sim), but because the Mirage is just so much goddam fun to learn and fly. I actually found it easier learning the full clicky plane than any plane in FC3. Trying to remember the keybinds for fucking everything is a nightmare. SO much easier when you can just click the mundane shit in the cockpit. Like others said, remember that the Viggen is a one-trick pony. It does what it does extremely well, looks great while doing it, but that's *all* it does.
There's something to be said about FreeSpace's cockpit-less UI design. Honestly I don't think it would fly in today's games. It's funny though, every now and then I pull up Secret Weapons of the Luftwaffe, and compared to modern simulators there's a [metric fuckton of the screen](https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/images/16/jun/haveyouplayedSWOTL.jpg/RPSS/resize/760x-1/format/jpg/quality/70) covered by the cockpit. The early Wing Commander games had the same issue. Though, like you said, at least those provided information.
Once again, DCS -a game known for charging 60+ bones for a single plane- is having a sale, dropping the price of some of the full fidelity modules by as much as 50%. For some planes that's $30 yank-franks for a plane that's going to take you longer to learn than the length of most single player games. DCS World itself, which includes the entire Caucasian theatre, non-clicky Su-25t (with fully voiced training missions) and full fidelity TP-51 is free to download. All other products are modules that add onto DCS World. The lower fidelity FC3 planes (about equivalent to a high-end survey sim with fully simulated flight models but simplified systems) are less than $10 a piece. FC3, which is currently $25 includes all 7 of the survey-sim level planes. How awesome is DCS? This awesome: [F-14 Reveal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fID1sE2xfwU) *not yet in-game, available for pre-order. [DCS 2018 and Beyond](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlmUWO2JL6I) [DCS Remake of Maroc 2003 vid](https://youtu.be/OsulP164N5k) Yes, I'm heavily plugging DCS. Because it's awesome. Generally really good community. Multiplayer available for all types of players (PvP, PvE co-op, aerobatics, cold-war era, etc.). And how could you not love a game that [lets you fly this beauty?](https://www.digitalcombatsimulator.com/upload/iblock/65a/Screen_180601_110046.jpg) ;)
Yea, the first run of them when Saitek released them seemed to have an abysmal failure rate. This was due partly to poor design of certain components, and very poor QC typical of MadCatz-era Saitek. Search around on /r/hotas, /r/starcitizen, /r/elitedangerous as well as some flight sim forums and you'll find multiple accounts of earlier failures, more than most other sticks and far more than any other mainstream HOTAS system. I think the later runs were improved somewhat, but elevating a '1' to a '3' isn't really bragging rights. Logitech has improved them with the X56 to an extent, but the system still has some core design issues. At least anecdotally though it seems QC isn't one of them, so the MTF seems like it's gone up.
Sounds like you didn't follow Rules of the Air #46: 46: Basic Flying Rules: 1. Try to stay in the middle of the air. 2. Do not go near the edges of it. 3. The edges of the air can be recognized by the appearance of ground, buildings, sea, and interstellar space. It is much more difficult to fly there.
Naw, it had more to do with having to show all the flight instruments in such low resolution. You can swap to different views, some which render everything, without issue.
Some people have ones that have worked flawlessly for years. I know one guy who had 3 RMAs in a row on them. Like I said.. the QC was shit.
Am in Canada. Just got one. Worth every penny of our shitty Canadian dollar.
There's multiple flight sims out there. XPlane and Prepar3D are the main civilian simulators. DCS World, Falcon BMS, Rise of Flight, and various entries of the IL-2 series are the main combat flight simulators.
You mean shit like a fence being called "BSGFDTF RANDO SPINE CHAINLINK 001"? Yea, shit's still named like that. They can't change asset names without breaking any routes that use those assets.
They've always done it IIRC. On principle I don't have an issue with it, considering how much content is hosted and available on the DLS. On principle. In practice though it presents some problems: First, a lot of official Auran addons require content from the DLS. It's a bitch when that stuff is throttled. Some people take 3 days to DL official addons from Auran. Second, some really good 3PC like the stuff from Jointed Rail requires DLS assets. So you can spend $50 on a route from JR, and *still* not be able to use it because you can't pull all the dependencies from the DLS. Third, though I will admit this isn't as big an issue with TRS2019, the base game has shit content and very little of it for what it costs. 2019 is a lot better in this regard but there's still stuff that needs to be "fixed" by downloading off the DLS. Though at least with 2019 Auran is moving away from backward compatibility, and they've basically said they won't guarantee any content made for anything older than TANE will work. This is a good move, IMO. Likewise with allowing players to edit payware routes. This was the single shittiest move Auran ever did in TANE and was scumbag as hell. My other complaint with Auran is just how useless their tech support is. I have two paid-for addon routes I can't play because the game (both 2019 and TANE) crashes when I pull up waybills. This is a known bug but Auran's response to me was "not an official route, not our problem". They've also had routes for sale on the store they advertised as TRS2019 compatible that were NOT TRS2019 compatible. I'm really not impressed with the company and haven't been for a long time. Unfortunately the only other game that comes close to sandbox railways is Run8, and it's a completely different type of game.
FXAA is a very fast form of AA (fast approximate anti-aliasing) that's really more of a shitty blur filter. It's used because it's very light on resources and looks fine on console systems but sucks ass for PC, IMO. At least with anything that has good textures. Point is you're not taking much of a hit with FXAA (and dear god, why are you using it with 4K resolution?!?!) Next biggest hits you'll take in train sims is draw distance and shadows. This really depends on the game. Some train sims don't do occlusion culling very well so you'll end up rendering a bunch of shit you can't see (Run8 is very bad for this). Whether or not this is a GPU or CPU hit really depends on the game. I've personally found this more of a CPU problem. Shadows are almost exclusively GPU bottlenecks. Third will be high quality textures. This creates a problem for both. It's a CPU problem because it has to retrieve the textures and uncompress them from the storage drive, then load them into GPU memory. If your GPU doesn't have a ton of memory you can get slowdowns. In practical terms the main thing a 64-bit program does is allow you to address far more RAM. A 32-bit program is limited to 2 or 3 GB depending, a 64-bit one can use a shitton more. I don't know if TS is multithreaded, but I doubt it. Very few games are, especially if they're based on an older engine. In that case you want to go with the CPU with the fastest single-core performance you can get. Last thing: Your resolution. 4K is really pushing it for a 1070. Remember at 4K you're rendering *four times* the pixels as 1080p. You're going to take a performance hit doing that.
Games have only started to multithread recently, and that's generally been only games based on new engines. I'd hazard that less than 10% of games these days properly multithread. For a while games have done a little bit of light multithreading.. like they'll offload some functions into another thread/CPU, but the core gameplay loop and all the heavy shit's still done on a single core. This is why I always laughed when people were building gaming rigs and throwing in i7 processors. Single threaded games won't use hyperthreading, so there was literally zero benefit to an i7 for gaming unless you got wicked single core performance (which you could get with a cheaper i5). Multi-core is a CPU trait. Multi-thread is a program trait. Multi-core means a processor die has multiple cores, either physical (i5) or physical and virtual (i3, i7 -this is Intel's hyperthreading). Multi-threading refers to a program's ability to run multiple threads at once. Well coded programs can run multiple threads across multiple cores at the same time, making them significantly more efficient. Most games are not there yet. That doesn't mean a mutli-core CPU isn't useful. The operating system can do a lot of load balancing of different running programs across different cores. But the big CPU bottleneck for most games is single-core performance. Just because your GPU isn't at 100% doesn't mean you're not going to get slowdowns. What is your CPU load doing when you're getting drops? How about page file usage? Both system and GPU memory usage? There's a lot of factors at play. If *all* of these are performing fine and aren't bottlenecking, my guess is there's something that's coded shitty that's slowing things down.
&gt; The easiest thing that can be attributed to this issue is EA levels of scummy business practices along with the community taking it like it means nothing. I think that's a little disingenuous. The community isn't a fan of it, but we literally have *zero other options* for train sims like Trainz. There are none. Zero. Nada. And there doesn't appear to be enough demand for anyone else to enter that area. Give me another option, and I'll take it. Second, it's not EA levels of scummy because, by and large, past the initial install you actually don't need the DLS for anything. It's very *nice* to have, and I'd argue that it's one of the main draws of the game, but it's not a requirement. Particularly with TRS2019 that, IMO, comes with a good amount of built-in content. TAN:E was a whole different argument and I *do* think Auran did some really scummy things with TAN:E. &gt; If the "Train Simulator" community stood their ground and said "enough is enough" Then Auran would go out of business, and we wouldn't have Trainz. End of story. &gt; They'd rather see a game they love and support being desecrated, butchered, and sold back to them ad infinitum instead of voting with their wallets Again, also not being fair. T:ANE was a pretty bad product and was pretty heavily torn apart by the community. Hell it's STILL being torn apart by the community. It didn't sell as well as TRS2012. Auran made substantial improvements in TRS2019. It \*is* a substantially better product than T:ANE. &gt; I only got TS12 for TTTE assets (they legally don't own) to play with and am being forced too wait WEEKS with a 100mb download limit to be able to run and enjoy. One of the sets of downloads is over a gig. That's 10 fucking days I have to wait to be able to use. WHAT!? I'm sorry, your program isn't worth a monthly fee if you are going to cap me if I forget to pay a single month Yes, and I fully agree that if it's an official product and an official addon, there should be no cap for those assets on the DLS. This is a frequent complaint that comes up. &gt; And don't get me started on the THOUSANDS of dollars of DLC they're forcing on players. I have no idea what you're talking about here. There's zero DLC they're forcing on you. &gt; (I enjoy collecting things, and I don't have a disposable bank account for that level of EA scummyness.) That's your problem if you don't have the restraint to not purchase every single rail unit from every corner of the world modeled. I for one enjoy the fact I have some products I can buy specifically the rail units or locals I'm interested in, and ignore everything else. Just like Trains Railroad Simulator, XPlane, or DCS -buy what you're interested in. You don't need everything. If you *want* everything and want to buy everything that's hardly the developer's fault.
&gt; Umm... a lot of other modding sites that I use for other games don't have these arbitrary and down right disgusting policies. Yet a lot of them do. There's quite a few that ether cap your bandwidth, limit your daily/weekely downloads, or use a long queue system. The ones that don't are typically very small, or very large (like Nexus).
TRS2019 is pretty decent. A substantial improvement over T:ANE with a lot of upgraded and built-in assets. Unlike TANE, it's not using shit from TRS2006 (in fact, they removed compatibility for some tech older than TANE -good move, IMO). Once companies like JR start pumping out TRS2019 routes it's going to be really good. T:ANE, OTOH, I totally regret buying that one. It was decidedly NOT worth the money.
And it's very *pretty* grass!
$130 for the Mongoose throttle, MT50 CM stick, warBRD base, and two covers. So about $1,200 Canuck Bux all said and done.
What are you talking about? The campaigns are unique to the aircraft. The Red Flag campaign for the Mirage is very different than the Red Flag campaign for the F5. They didn't just open the editor and switch the player aircraft.
Show me on the doll where Eagle Dynamics and Chris Roberts touched you...
I imagine if they started with the funding they have now they would have done their own engine. At the time Cryengine made sense.
Freight trains in North America do not have PTC systems, and in many places passenger trains share the same rails as freight.
I don't know why this guy is being downvoted. He's 100% correct. While an occasional encounter with a mirror is probably fine, a parrot should never have continuous access to one. They're a common toy often found in pet stores and budgie cages, and it is in no way healthy for the bird.
That one was pretty meh, IMO. The Tiger must have been commanded by the dumbest member of the Hitler Youth. The better one in Fury was when the Shermans are crossing the field toward the AT guns in the treeline.
Honestly, the attention to equipment detail all-round in that movie was really, really good. The Shermans were historically accurate for that period of the war, and like you said, having 131 rolling instead of a T-34 Tiger mock-up was great. Still though.. that battle was terrible for actual WWII tank tactics.
&gt; Whenever I try to open up the hump yard menu it says no hump controller is nearby...can you tell me the solution to this? [Stand near the hump controller](https://i.imgur.com/uM6hjyH.png). &gt; My friend your post was truely the best christmas present I got this year, thanks again!!! No prob. Enjoy the game. Run8 is awesome.
[Barstow](https://www.google.com/maps/@34.8976291,-117.0523439,1355m/data=!3m1!1e3) and [West Colton](https://www.google.com/maps/@34.0668541,-117.386754,813m/data=!3m1!1e3) are the only two hump yards in the SoCal region. If you haven't bought the Cajon sub addon you'll only have Barstow.
Right you are! Brown-head poicephalus. Probably closest to the Senegal, but with a milder temperament.
If you spawn it using the AI spawn settings the train will spawn under AI control, then you just need to use the dispatch window to route it into the Barstow receiving yard.
&gt; But to me it seems like the most vocal train sim fans have a pretty terrible attitude and a sense of superiority and entitlement. I'm going to take issue with this, because it's completely opposite my experience. The vocal train sim enthusiasts have an issue with TSW because they want things *simulated accurately*, especially when a company goes on about how awesome and accurate their sim technology (Simugraph) is. DTG claims they use "real world data to accurately replicate the performance, sounds and feel of real trains." TSW does *not* accurately replicate the performance, sounds, and feel of real trains, and in fact has some pretty glaring issues on the simulation side that make me (and other train enthusiasts) question if they're even using a proper real-time physics engine the way they claim they are. Some of the physics in the game are *that* messed up. And despite the game being out over a year and half, they've done precious little to actually fix any of that. As a game, TSW has some bugs but works Ok and the issues likely won't matter to people who don't know any better. As a train *simulator*, it's pretty terrible. *That* is why train sim enthusiasts dislike the game and DTG in general. It has nothing to do with a terrible attitude and a sense of superiority.
I challenge you to find me any single one game community you couldn't blanket apply that statement to.
Like another guy side, check your load. The Su-27 was designed to carry all of its fuel internally.. fully loaded with fuel and ordnance the bird is something like 70,000 lbs. An Eagle without droptanks is something like 15,000lbs lighter (off the top of my head). You're going to feel that weight on these things. Lightly loaded (&lt;50% fuel, 4 missiles or so) the Flanker is very agile at lower speeds, relatively speaking. But it's a really, really big bird -about the size of a B-17- and it will bleed that speed really quick putting you in a crap situation if you let it. Unlike the F-15, the Flanker *will* let you do astoundingly stupid shit with it.
Chuck's Guides are great for the initial control configuration, startup, and takeoff, but IMO after that they're much less useful and I start looking for other resources. The Mirage manual is good, so are the training missions in the game. The best way I've learned to fly the bird is hoping into the GAW server and actually flying and fighting it.
Technically an assault rifle is a firearm that fires a rifle calibre round that is capable of *selective fire*. While this usually means repetition and fully automatic, it can also be burst fire (2 round, three round, etc.)
Yup. Forgot about that one.
Semantics, really though. You can't get an ATT for a prohib for the purpose of taking it to a range and you can't shoot them on private property. So while grandfathered ones may be "legal", they're effectively wallhangers.
I'm impressed those big GEs go around those curves.
The first US warship sunk in WWII was sunk by a German U-Boat in October 1941, escorting allied convoys across the Atlantic.
Bikes aren't going to smash into the nose of a 767 on final. Jetliners have aborted landings because of drones.
Like you said, it's whaboutism.
I have a copy of the real Sabre 6 PoH I'm using for DCS. So no... no you are not.
Train's not derailed, was about to call bullshit, then I realized it wasn't Unitrack.
Given how many times my 140g Brown Head has tried to rearrange my face, randomly with zero warning, I'd absolutely paranoid about a bird that size on my shoulder.
There are zero diamond mines in Canada that use slave labour. I didn't think such an idiotic statement needed serious refuting.
So no slaves in Canada? Gotchya.
Good. Take some time for self reflection. Relax. Blog social justice fight on your Macbook quaffing a mocafrapalatte. Or whatever.
I'm amazed nobody mentioned a CH HOTAS. I use one for E:D, works amazing. Why CH over other offerings? Two reasons: Analog thumbstick for translation, and you can access every single button *without removing your hands*. CH software also allows you to macro keyboard commands (for example I have power presets set, two for combat, cruise, and systems use). I have a full Virpil setup and while I use the stick a lot, I *still* use the CH throttle for every space game I play. Be aware you'll need pedals though, as the CH stick doesn't have twist.
Depends where you are. In cities you're not going to find firarms in department stores. In small towns, you'll have them in the Canadian Tire stores. Canada's gun culture is night and day different than America's. We like our guns, we're just very quiet about it.
The round one underneath will be for an ADF radio navigation system, or whatever the German equivalent was. ADF functions in the HF range and requires a round antenna to be able to determine bearing to the non-directional beacon. Voice radio operates on VHF and requires a different antenna. Typically you want a long, flat antenna meeting the signal at an angle for best reception.
Yup. My friends and I got tired of normal difficulty and upped it... only to discover it's physically impossible to play it as anything but a fast paced shooter at higher difficulty. We like going slow and tactical. Oh well, guess it's back to Raven Shield.
OMG! Another Brown-head!
It's great if you need a walkaround controller in a pinch but I find the lack of tactile feedback annoying.
Nscale. Build it on a hollow core door. Attach legs or glue runners down each side and put it in a folding table. Small, lightweight, easy to move.
Basically what the other guy said. Go to the locomotive in the Content Manager and open it for editing. This will inflate all the files into a directory. You can then browse the files and swap some stuff around. A loco has a 'config.txt' file, which tells you which KUIDs are used for the sounds. For example, if I right-click on a custom RS-3 I have downloaded, go to 'Open' and select 'View in Explorer', I can open the config.txt and see: hornsound &lt;kuid:219472:100085&gt; Searching the DLS for that KUID, I see that asset is a Leslie S3L. In order to make custom changes you'll want to copy the locomotive asset and open it for editing, change the hornsound to the KUID of the horn you want, then submit the changes. Make sure they're only submitted locally. Unlike TANE, TRS2019 doesn't seem to lock down anything, which is good because that was the single dumbest thing about TANE.
Nifty but holy hell that's an expensive piece of hardware.
Uh, the bill was introduced in the Senate, in 2015. It's not a "Liberal" bill.
I'd actually hope Microsoft would target the Run8 market. Excellent physics combined with modern graphics and multiplayer support, add in the ability to mod, and they'd grab that entire corner of the trainsim market.
Yea, can't disagree with that.
On top of that, young hotshot pilot wannabes don't like the prospect of flying airframes that are 30 years when they start for *their entire career*. It turns out fighter pilots actually want to fly newer planes.
Did they push an update to Tank Crew? (Edit: Yup, just found the patch notes) I've been holding off on Flying Circus until they get my favorite plane in (Tripehound)
I don't think you'd be able to maintain the level of physics and operational accuracy across four or five continents though. At least not without limited or very expensive content. Then again, flight simmers are used to paying $100+ for a single airframe. How much would train simmers pay for a locomotive at TSW's fidelity with Run8's accuracy?
Thanks for this. Don't have a use for it this very moment but I'll squirrel it away. Might come in handy in the future.
What about those who make 90k+, aren't religious in the slightest, and can't stand Trudeau and the liberals?
As someone who has parrots because I actually wanted an intelligent companion animal I could interact with, reading things like this make me so sad. I got my birds when I was 29. I'm hoping they'll make it to my retirement.
This is about energy management, not just throttle. You have to know the plane you're flying. How it bleeds energy, how it regains it. How much energy does it lose in different types of turns, etc. Practice, practice, practice. Most aeroplanes have a **cornering speed**. This is (generally) the ideal speed you can effectively maneuver in the horizontal while retaining energy. It will be different for every plane. The Mirage is about 400 KIAS, the Flanker about 700 Km/h., etc. Find your plane's cornering speed and maneuver to try and maintain it, using both maneuvers and throttle.
I have a pair of brown-heads. https://i.imgur.com/JJBXeTF.jpg I'm away at work most of the day so I have two of them. Generally when I'm home they're out of the cage. Fully flighted. I've had them 5 years and never clipped them, never will. One's a sweet cuddly little thing, the other is a cantankerous bitch lol.
They're poicephalus, like Sennies, about the same size and shape. Maybe a tad bigger. Brown-heads are fairly rare in aviculture. They're not as colourful as Sennies, don't really talk, and aren't as playful as Cockateils or Conures. They're mild mannered though and fairly quiet, and don't seem to suffer as much from "one person bird" syndrome that many poicephalus seem to. They're not the kind of bird people get if they want a colourful decoration, or a talking bird... which of course are the main reasons people want parrots, sadly. But they are [affectionate little buggers](https://i.imgur.com/y3lEiuI.jpg).
Yup, sub-Saharan Africa. I did two years of research into parrots and then met with the breeder before I committed to it. I knew what I was getting into lol. All that research is how I stumbled on the brown-heads.
Very. Parrots are probably the messiest pet you can own. Mine are voracious chewers. I have wood splinters and paper shreds all around their cage. When they molt it's like it's snowing inside. Fresh fruit and vegetables end up on the floor and walls. When they take a bath, everything in the vicinity takes a bath. Poop is something you learn to accept with birds. Parrot poop is icky because its poop, but it's not really offensive since they don't eat meat protein. It's also easy to clean. My birds have a few choice placea they like to hang out, so I just make sure there's something under them they can poop on. I spend a lot of time at my computer desk, so I wear old hoodies and have my chair covered in a cheap wallmart sheet. Chair is on a plastic office floor thingy, so it's easy to clear too. By this time my birdo knows she doesn't come into my shoulder until the hoodie goes on. She flies to my shoulder now before the thing is over my head lol. You can also potty train them, but that can have other issues.
While I'd love a new mechwarrior game, I actually have very little confidence in PGI. I fully expect that we're *not* getting anything near the calibre of MW4: Mercenaries overall, even if the core mech vs. mech shooty is acceptable. What's worse is I also fully expect game reviewers to completely rose-tint glasses any review of it, simply because we haven't had one in a very long time. I mean PC Gamer named MWO one of the best shooters of all time FFS. Though one thing I will give PGI is I *don't* expect them to dumb down the control scheme and arcadize the gameplay to appeal to the kiddie console market.
A mod that's *better* than MWO in almost every way, at that. It's also the company that flat out lied about MWO development while they were working on their little darling, Transverse. Their incompetence is well documented.
Which is why I said I don't expect them to dumb it down. OTOH, I'd believe Kremlin public service announcements at the height of Khrushchev's power over any promises PGI makes. Yea, I have *that little* faith in the studio. They don't have a stellar history -far from it- especially when you look pre-PGI.
Which, IMO, is a vastly superior system to the open ended one in TT BattleTech and MW games prior to 4.
Living Legends is still around and still being developed. Just very, very small playerbase.
In short, developing content for it cost far too much for the return they were getting. It basically wasn't profitable.
Yea, the idea being that hardpoints are both type and crit limited. So you couldn't pull a small laser out of the left arm and replace it with an AC/20, or necessarily even a large laser. This really prevents stupid and unbalanced cheese builds. In computer BattleTech, they don't crit limit (just weapon type -ballistic, missile, energy), but they also don't let you swap out engines, which makes sense as the engine is supposed to be core to the chassis. This works really well IMO, especially in a game where chassis are hard to come by, because it forces you to make some real decisions about compromising and employing your mechs instead of always going for high alpha by default. It gives each variation an actual purpose and also means that, if you have limited resources, you're going to have to settle with less efficient builds at times.
Katherine Spiller, current executive editor of *Ms.* magazine (a very popular liberal feminist magazine, now owned by the Feminist Majority Foundation), who said of domestic violence "That's just a cleanup word for wife beating. We know it's not girls beating up boys. It's boys beating up girls". This sentiment is echoed through some very influential modern feminists and associated organizations.
That's called the "No True Scotsman" logical fallacy. You can't claim "*real* feminists wouldn't do that" when this very thing is perpetuated, pushed, and endorsed by the *largest and most influential feminist organizations on Earth*. But no, they're not the "actual" feminists. Actions speak far, far louder than words. These ARE the ACTUAL FEMINISTS doing this.
Pretty sure the Duluth model isn't used in Canada.
I 100% see this happening. Or worse yet, given their history with Transverse, I actually see them trying to pull a Bethesda paid mod bullshit move.
T-Track is a [module standard](http://www.t-trak.org/modules.html) that happens to use KATO Unitrack. They're small, lightweight, and easy to move and store. The idea is that they're displayed on folding tables or something, so you don't need to build benchwork. Mod-U-Rail is proprietary to Woodland Scenics.
You can make it work, but it's difficult if you have to keep the animals separated all the time. Particularly because they both require attention and interaction. &gt; Not gonna get an animal if I can't properly take care of it. I wish more people thought this way.
What do you consider reasonable price? Scale Trains locos are probably 4-5 times the cost of Bachmann locos, but the quality is about 1,000 times higher. I'd consider that reasonable. Athearn and Atlas make a good selection of decent out-of-box locos. Life-Like used to produce the Proto-2000 line (now picked up by Walthers?). They're nice models and won't break the bank. Bowser and Intermountain also make some nice stuff. Bowser's non-sound DCC locos are very nice for the cost.
Seriously.. put them on the hard tabletop. You're not going to hurt the locos any doing that. Putting them on anything that has loose fibres is asking for trouble. You have to remember that these are very small, *open* geared mechanical mechanisms. Dust, lint, hairs, and other fibres are the enemy of said mechanisms. I like that D&amp;H Geep though. Always really liked the D&amp;H livery.
I ran out of n-scale ONR to collect, and joined an HO club... so I started collecting HO scale ONR... [Another angle](https://i.imgur.com/522ENWQ.png) Left to right: KATO GP9 (DCC) Atlas RS3 (DCC/Snd) Rapido FP7 (DCC/Snd) 3x Bowser SD40-2 (DCC/Snd) P2K GP38-2 (DC) Athearn SD75i (DC) The SD75i needs some TLC. They're pretty rare so hard to be picky.. front handrails need to be re-glued and the back ones are missing. Needs some knuckles on it too. Ditch lights still work fine though. Unfortunately the SD40s don't run well on the club layout because of poor trackwork in many places. Which sucks because they sound awesome.
No, just TLAMs from the VLS.
FYI, The MW Quadrilogy no longer works on Windows 10.
I wonder what this is going to mean for the RCAF competition.
Yes. I fucking hate this unlock bullshit, especially in single player games.
Want a switching puzzle? Run the Run8 Edison Local.
&gt;P51 is great. In late ww2 it might have been the best fighter around - **fastest, longest range** The Hawker Tempist and P-47 would like a word :p
Let me guess, you've never actually flown a Flanker in any real capacity in this game, have you?
Broadway Limited
That's not going to eliminate carpet fibres.
There's another option tjatvguy didn't suggest that's better quality than both: CH Products HOTAS. FAR better quality than anything Saitek makes and magnitudes better than the HOTAS X. The CH control software allows you to combine all parts of the HOTAS into a single logical device. It also allows you to easily assign buttons to keystrokes, for those those things that you can't map to a joystick button in TIE Fighter. For TIE Fighter you could get away with just the stick. For Elite you'd want the stick and pedals.
The Scale Trains models absolutely blow KATO models out of the water. Literally the *only* thing I can think of that's better on the KATO is the couplers. That's it.
My Rivet Counter n-scale GEVO is by far the best nscale locomotive I own. The only other one that comes close IMO is my KATO GS-4. The detail is miles beyond KATO. Operation is smooth. My only regret is I don't model BNSF, so it sees very little running on my layout.
Ontario's skyrocketing energy costs had far, far more to do with the absolute craptastic Green Energy contracts negotiated by McGuinty and Wynne than nuke power. We're paying close to 400% the market rate for solar and wind power under those contracts. Right now per kw/h nuclear power is the second cheapest form of power generation in Ontario. Only hydro is cheaper. Nuke plants are expensive but they also generate *a metric fuckton* of power, and they do it non-stop (Pickering has the world record of longest uninterrupted power generation for a nuke plant, over 800 days). Just to put that in perspective, the largest and most efficient wind turbines in the world generate about 1.4 mw at peak efficiency. That's 1/600 of *one* of Bruce Nuclear's *eight* reactors. So you'd need almost *five thousand* of these wind turbines to equal *one* of our nuke plants. The capacity of the largest windfarm in Canada? 300 mw. Less than 5% the capacity of Bruce Nuclear. Largest solar farm in Canada? 97 mw, 1.3% of Bruce's capacity. And Ontario alone has *three* nuclear plants. You're not replacing that kind of generation capacity with solar and wind at current technology levels. Furthermore, that's absolutely cutting-edge wind and solar technology compared to 40 year old nuclear technology. Let that sink in. The best alternative green energy technology can't hold a candle to nuclear technolgy that's *half a century old*. You have to keep scale in mind when discussing cost. Nuke plants are very expensive in absolute terms, but taken over their entire life and with consideration of their capacity, they're viable. They're also the most heavily regulated industry on Earth, which is one reason why they are so expensive. I'm not advocating doing anything to lower plant safety, but there's *a lot* if unnecessary red tape around nuclear power that increases cost that we could probably do without. *Edit*: Because I know someone will be pedantic about it, I've used best-case numbers for both nuke and wind power in my post. In reality they're both lower; Bruce is rated at about 7 GW for the entire plant, and it's very rare for wind farms to produce at full capacity for any length of time. *Edit edit*: I was wrong. Pickering's record (894 days) has been broken by a nuclear power plant in India, which has had 941 days of uninterrupted operation. I don't want this post to come across as anti - alterative energy. Quite the contrary, I'm all for green, alternative energy. But you have to be realistic... it is not capable of replacing our base load generation capacity. Not even close. And ignoring our one green technology that *can*, right now, in favour of one's that can't and won't be able to for decades isn't smart.
The private sector took zero hit. They built green energy projects using loans backed by guaranteed Government contracts. It cost private companies very little, if anything. And they made bank getting paid 45c kw/h when the market rate was 15c kw/h. Guaranteed. For *thirty years*. Ontario *increased* its generation capacity while *reducing* consumption, driving the price of energy down. The contracts were designed to print money for Liberal insiders. The only parts of the green energy plan that had a positive benefit was the emphasis on reduction (successful) and the closure of the coal plants.
I can't speak for swans, but some species of parrots have the intelligence of a 2-3 year old human child, though it manifests differently. Interacting with a well socialized African Grey is very much like interacting with a little human. Most parrot in general have the cognitive reasoning ability of 1-2 year old child.
I've generally considered G&amp;M further left than TorStar, sometimes extremely so, on social topics. Politically I'd put them on the other side, but I don't think I'd ever consider them right of centre.
&gt; You don't have to be left leaning to hate his guts. Nor did I claim you had to be. Heck I'd consider myself a small "c" conservative and I didn't vote for the fuckwit. However, the claims are that /r/canada is an alt-right bastion... which doesn't jibe with extreme hated of someone that's constantly referred to as a "Trump wannabe" (in /r/canada, nonetheless).
This has largely been my experience browsing /r/onguardforthee as well. It seems made up of primarily a strong left-wing, urban-centric base that assumes they represent all of Canada. And while I wouldn't say they automatically assume anyone who disagrees with the hive mind is inherently a racist or mysoginistic conservative pig, they do certainly seem overtly hostile to anything that's not a left learning opinion.
&gt; I've never noticed them to be particularly left-wing on social issues. I have. Doesn't mean my "scale is skewed".
I disagree with him/her. There's nothing to refute. Someone doesn't share my opinion, fine. I don't owe you or anyone else validation.
It's even more stupid than that. A light truck still uses body-on-frame construction, and even a low base model pickup can tow two tons and haul it's own weight. On the other hand, most new SUVs are constructed on unibody chassis -the same ones used on the cars (the Ford Escape and Fusion, for example, use the same platform). They are literally a car with a different body.
The margins on trucks actually aren't much better than cars. They're expensive vehicles to build. At least on models within one or two of base. Accessories is where the money is made on trucks. Unibody SUVs on the other hand have much larger margins.
No, it isn't. It's the responsibility of the Judge to determine both the credibility and the weight of the testimony given by witnesses. By and large (and contrary to the Reddit hive mind of which the majority probably never set foot in a courtroom) officers are both better witnesses (in that they present their testimony much better) and more credible witnesses (in that it is a huge part of their job to be a good witness) than Joe public. Now, a good Judge will be able to determine whether or not someone is giving bad testimony because they're just nervous or whatever, or because they're full of shit, and weight the testimony accordingly. That's not bias, it's quite literally their job to **judge** the evidence presented (of which testimony is a part). The fact that cops present said evidence much better than Jane Public isn't bias.
Run8, if you're interested in North American freight. I did a video a while ago about sorting and building inbound manifest freight to locals and delivering them to the industrues. If you're interested in operations, Run8 is the best, hands down. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uM_NOBMD0I&amp;feature=youtu.be
"Missing out" depends. Mods can improve a variety of things, from gameplay to graphics to simple QoL things. In Witcher 3 for example I have a mod that disables automatic camera centering on horeseback. In Skyrim I have complete music overhauls (and a billion other things). In FreeSpace I have mods that update the game so it looks like it came from 2009 instead of 1999. So it's totally subjective whether or not you're missing out. If consider some mods for some games, like The Unofficial Skyrim Patch mods, almost essential because they fix a ton of shit wrong in the game.
[This is the best place to start with modding Skyrim](https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrimmods/wiki/begin2). It might seem daunting at first, but set aside a few hours and work though it. One thing I cannot stress enough for modding: **Read the mod documentation**, particularly for install instructions and conflicts. I can't count the number of posts on /r/skyrimmods from people who's mods don't work because they didn't bother resolving conflicts that were clearly outlined in the documentation. I haven't modded Kingdom Come or Witcher 3 too much, for both of those I didn't bother using a mod manager and just followed the basic install instructions for the mods.
I haven't run reshade with DCS yet, but there's a couple of things. Basically reshade is a post-process injector. It adds effects to the frames after they've been rendered by the GPU. I can't remember if ReShade has a log file. If it does check it for errors. Do you get the text in the top-left of the screen with the ReShade version showing when you launch DCS? If it crashes before that the game is crashing as soon as ReShade invokes. Make sure you've actually got all the files.. you should have something like dxgi.dll and d3d9.dll in the same folder as the DCS executables, as well as a 'ReShade' directory. Make sure your GPU actually supports the effects you're trying to use. Most newer GPUs should be fine with the majority of effects ReShade has by default, but some don't play nice. Try turning off any screen overlays (Steam, Overwolf, Afterburner, etc.). ReShade doesn't always play nice with them. Try running DCS in Full Screen Exclusive mode. ReShade doesn't always play nice with windowed applications, though in my experience this rarely causes a hard crash, the effects simply don't work. If you're using multiple monitors, disable them and try launching with only one display.
Awesome, glad it was an easy fix.
Funny enough, the influx of bunker noobs rocking 10 tactical maraccas (hicaps) is one of the main reasons i got out of the hobby. It stopped being fun when every person on the opposing team was playing like they were a SAW gunner. There were other reasons, but that was a big one.
I agree with what /u/Farnsworthson said below. I’ve traditionally had a lot of trouble teaching people board games because so many people consider more than two pages “too hard” and don’t want to touch it. Pandemic is more complicated than Catan, but never in a million years would I describe the rules as complex in any way (I’d rate it a 3/10 for complexity). The beauty of Pandemic, as others have pointed out, is that it’s coop and only one person playing really needs to know the rules. You can probably get newcomers up to speed in Pandemic in 5 minutes or so... the rest you can guide them through as you play. As a bonus, most people I know find Pandemic significantly more fun than Catan. When people are having fun, they usually “forget” that they “don’t like complicated games” and before long you’ve explained the entire rule book to them. Then you can say “see, look! You learned a complicated game and liked it!”
Meh, in every mechwarrior game ever (except maybe MW2) I always treated jumpjets as free tonnage to add armour and ammo. In tabletop battletech jumpjets make a mech significantly more difficult to hit. In every mechwarrior game... not so much.
Correlation doesn't mean causation, but it absolutely implies a relationship that's worthy of further investigation. Toronto discontinued both TAVIS and carding, both after which crime spiked. That seriously suggests a strong relationship.
PGI trying to grab the last bit of money they can out of a sinking ship.
&gt; Just make sure that it’s not a direct rip of the MWO files. Aside from being slightly more dodgy legal territory Actually, PGI has straight up said they don't mind people 3D printing their models for personal use. For all the scummy shit they do they seem to genuinely be proud of their 3D work and don't mind sharing them around.
Seems to be a new thing? I was in a hobby shop a little while back looking for black primer and the guy said just get some matt black spray, don't really need primer. News to me.
What about [Red Alert: Space Fleet Warfare](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/250467/red-alert-space-fleet-warfare)? It's a Command and Colours game similar to Memoir '44 or Battlelore. A little heavier than traditional boardgames but nothing too complex. Looks great on the table.
FDM printers and can do some decent mini prints but you're going to need to learn how to use it. Spend 27 minutes and [watch this entire video](https://youtu.be/AqEWl51s9Rw). There's A LOT of good information in there on printing minis that globally apply to FDM printers. IMHO Prusaslicer does a better job at slicing than Cura, but to each their own. First make sure slicer is on expert mode. I'll walk you through chopping up an Assassin. * I've simply loaded the model and changed my settings to a 0.15mm print height (you can do 0.10 if you want, I've noticed little discernible difference). I've also enabled supports on the build plate and changed the profile to Generic PLA. [picture](https://i.imgur.com/4WLKz93.png). There's actually some more magic to setting layer height that has to do with the step interval on the stepper motors and screw pitch on the Z-axis, but we'll ignore that for now. ^1. * [On 'Layers and Perimeters'](https://i.imgur.com/KlzAJsz.png) I've changed the solid layer count from the default to 4. You don't need 7 or whatever the default was. Though there's no harm in leaving them as the default, we're not printing something that requires a ton of structural integrity. I've enabled 'Extra Perimeters if Needed', though left the default at '2' -you may want to increase this if you're prints are too fragile. For smaller mechs it should probably be increased. 'Detect thin Walls' is left unchecked, but certain models will benefit from it. You'll have to slice the model, see what it looks like in the layer view, then enable this and re-slice it if it needs it. * [On 'Infill'](https://i.imgur.com/zrmCfQ1.png) I changed it to 20% and rectiliniar from Gyroid. Personal preference -I don't like gyroid. It's a tradeoff between structural integrity and filament usage. On a model this small it's not going to matter too much. * [On 'Support Material'](https://i.imgur.com/jQMOiXM.png) I've changed the contact distance to 0.2mm (you MIGHT be able to get away with 0.25 or 0.3mm depending on the model), and I've rotated it 45 degrees to the model. I've tried different support styles before.. honeycomb produces the best results but it's a colossal bitch to remove. * The ['Filament Settings'](https://i.imgur.com/fWOi52A.png) tab is where some other serious magic happens. **These settings are going to be 100% unique to your environment and filament type**. You basically learn this through trial and error. These are the settings I use for my print environment (unenclosed, 22 degrees) and filament. I change these for every brand of filament I'm using. * Finally hit slice and [we'll see what we end up with](https://i.imgur.com/BHFlVDU.png). You'll notice we've lost the antenna on the thing's head...that's going to be hard to avoid, but some more tweaks and we can probably get them (and promptly break them off when removing support material -_- ). Other settings you'll need to learn about are retraction speed and distance (the amount the extruder "backs off" when jumping from location to location). Speed adjustments can be made, but so far I've found I haven't needed them. A couple of general tips. Remember that a 3D printer is more akin to a power tool like a milling machine than an appliance. You can't just "plug and play". They'll take tweaking, they'll need maintenance, and above all, *you have to learn how to use it*. Second, *use good filament*. I can't emphasize that enough. Even filament that's $40 (CAD) a roll is relatively cheap for the amount you can print. Cheap filament causes all kinds of problems. Third, don't be afraid to waste some filament. I've done innumerable 'test prints' of mechs and other things, just tweaking settings to see how they come out, 99% expecting the print to be useless. Now I'm at the point where I can get a usable print of a mech on the first try most times. After some practice you can get the models [coming out fairly clean](https://i.imgur.com/fv4oMzX.png). FDM printed models will always require a bit of cleanup, but with some paint at arms length [they'll look fine on the table](https://i.imgur.com/iznZ9qI.jpg). Also, finally, make sure the models you're printing are *actually* optimized for FDM printing. So, SOOO many people just rip models and don't bother doing anything with them... properly designed models [can print up really nice](https://i.imgur.com/ptIepz6.jpg). Another note on printer maintenance, make sure your belt tension is correct on the x-axis, and if your printer doesn't do automatic mesh leveling, make sure your bed is level. Occasionally you'll want to do a full re-calibration on the printer. I find I have to do one about every 100 hours of print time or so, or when the environmental conditions change significantly (middle summer to middle winter kind of thing). A full recalibration on the prusa takes about 15 minutes, plus another 10-20 for me to get the z-offset dialed in. Hope this helps. -------------------- ^1 Just wanted to expand on this a bit. On more expensive 3D printers with good stepper motors, this isn't really an issue. The Prusa, for example, does 3,200 steps per rotation (1.8 degree angle per step with 16 microsteps). Many less expensive printers have less precise stepping, either because of the motors themselves, the drivers, or the firmware. I looked up the stats for one popular, less expensive printer.. and it's steppers do 48 steps per rotation, because they don't microstep. Compared to 3,200. On something with 3,200 steps you don't need to worry too much about layer height... with something that does 48, you absolutely do. It's important to look up the specs on your printer when setting layer heights.
Good information.
There's some strange issues with graphics in this game.. but a lot of it are issues with Unreal 4, not this game specifically, as I encounter them in other Unreal engine games. Some developers that use UE4 don't use the built-in engine stuff because it can look like shit. PGI, OTOH, used a bunch of the built in engine stuff (like shaders and AA), either because they lacked the time or talent to do their own.
This would be my #1 as well.
[All the time](https://i.imgur.com/rItP4nG.jpg). It's actually my main use for my 3D printer. I replace a lot of components with 3D prints (like all the cargo/fuel/parts chits in Firefly), as well as do custom deck boxes. I also use it to [print gameplay pieces](https://i.imgur.com/ptIepz6.jpg) of [all different types](https://i.imgur.com/E7rIFkx.jpg) and [breath some life into older games](https://imgur.com/a/dr1Lpoy). I've done some dice towers too and other things.
Having played all three, the gameplay in LL absolutely blows MWO away.
Depends on the Run8 community. I've found most folks on Reddit that play Run8 are well aware of it's strengths and weaknesses, and often play other sims. OTOH, there's some \*other\* popular run8 communities that hold the game up on a pedestal and how *dare* you even suggest it has shortcomings. I actually disengaged from one of the more popular ones that was awesome for the game because you literally could *not* say anything negative about Run8 *at all* without getting infracted on the forums. Truth be told though this isn't any different whatsoever than any other game. And honestly, there ARE some things Run8 does just astronomically better than the competition, and it's not shitting on other games to point that out.
The server slowdown was more due to CIG's server work on Cryengine. By default CE is largely client authoritative. Most MMOs are almost fully server authoritative. Neither worked for the type of game CIG was doing. They re-wrote a lot of the backend stuff to use a semi-server authoritative model, and that led to a lot of the server side slowdowns. The original Arena Commander used CE's net code, and it actually ran well (taken in context) but had significant problems with desync. The huge network slowdowns stated with alpha 2.0, when they switched to their own netcode.
Are there any Train board games that focus a little more on train operations? From what I've seen most focus on the business/company/stock aspect (18××) or on the track aspect (Steam/AoS), but all seem to heavily abstract the actual *train* part. What I'm looking for is something where you have to manage manifests/consists, maybe some crew management, locomotive management, etc. A game where the gameplay is focused around the trains rather than the route or the company.
Engineering: How to write a proper procedural and reference manual for complex procedures that have lots of moving parts, interactions, and exceptions. I'd use Star Fleet Battles.
What… The MWO mechs by and large look far more industrial than many of the older designs. You’re telling me a LAM from the 3039 TRO looks less “mecha” than MWO designs? You could take that thing and drop it right into Macross. An added bonus is the MWO mechs actually had to be animated. They don’t have some of the weird appendages and shapes the older mechs do.
I work in digital forensics. Biggest WTF one we probably got was a cell phone that had been through a fire. Opened the property bag to get the phone out and... well, you know in vampire movies how you steak a vampire and the body just falls and disintegrates into a pile of ash? Yea, something like that. We were literally like "WTF are we supposed to do with this?" Also probably the only time we literally had to sweep for evidence in a digital crime lab.
I know. I just don't get that guy when he says [something like this](http://i.imgur.com/dRiZXB9.jpg) looks more "fantastical mecha" than [this thing](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51-YG3HpqdL._SY383_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg). IMHO the MWO one looks 1,000 times better, and something that was *actually* designed to be a robust military piece of hardware. The LAM on the cover of the current 3039 TRO looks goofy as hell.
Dear God that's horrid.
Something's fucked with your browser. Sarna looks fine.
Those things are hard to find these days. I see them on scambay every now and then.. generally for more than I'm willing to spend on them, though.
CANDU reactors actually have a negative void coefficient, albeit a smaller one than an RMBK.
I did one last night (I swear there was an update to MW5 though.. my deleted opening cutscenes re-appeared) and I was back to having mechs and tanks spawn right on top of me.
I checked and the .pak is still there. I dunno.. maybe it was one of the outliers where the mod doesn't work.
Fuck, you're right.. that's what I meant.
Speaking from a typical North American freight: * kick on the dynamics lightly to "bunch up" the train. * put an initial set on the train (6lb reduction in BP pressure) * use dynamics to control speed. If dynamics aren't enough, decrease your BP pressure more. Unless you're on a short, heavy train and/or don't have a lot of head end power, you shouldn't need more than 10lbs on the brakes (unless you're on a REALLY steep downhill). If you're in an area that's up-down-up-down a lot, don't be afraid to leave the initial set on and apply power to drag the consist over a hump if you need to (bail your locomotive brakes!) What you want to avoid is releasing your train brake frequently, as you'll be pulling air out of your brake pipe faster than the compressors can refill it. Remember that your dynamic brakes will become effective FAR more quickly than your train brakes. On a long train it can take 10-15 seconds for train brake application to propagate through the entire train. Dynamics will be almost instant. Part of the problem is most train simulators don't really model brakes properly (especially dynamics). IMO it's actually easier controlling a train in Run8 with its very accurate brake physics than it is in Train Simulator with its fantasy dynamics.
Be aware, SCARM licenses directly to your computer. You can't use it on multiple computers and if you need to move it you have to email them and get them to move your license.
Check your layers, check your sessions. You may have been editing the session layer and not the route.
Pretty much anything from Jointed Rail is awesome.
If I just play single player and use the ED, does TSCAD offer anything?
No, that sounds like bullshit, unless your friend is paying into a lot of other shit that isn't taxes. At that salary Canada's income tax bracket is 29%, and that's only paid on the portion of your income above ~~$62,704~~ $147,667. With other things like CPP (Canada Pension), life insurance, and other employment specific deductibles it could be a bunch higher... but it's not because of taxes.
I'm really considering doing a British rail layout... would love to do the GWR but the availability and cost of stuff is kind of making me shy away from the idea.
For future reference, a short won’t be caused by dirty wheels. If something’s shorting, something is making contact where it shouldn’t. Don’t keep putting a shorting loco on the track or you’ll end up with what you did -a smoking loco. Disassemble it and find the problem first. If you’re lucky in this case you may have just melted some wires. Easy to fix, though you still need to find out why it’s shorting.
Railway police have existed since the earliest railways in England. IIRC one of the origins of the term Special Agent is from the Union Pacific in the 1850's. Almost all Class I railroads in North America have their own police force. These are granted powers by their respective federal governments. Interestingly, they're also one of the only police forces with cross jurisdictional powers. They came about because the federal police (Dominion Police in Canada, US Marshalls in the US) were insufficient to cover the vast amount of territory the railroads did.
&gt; potential use against family members are good enough reasons, "potential" use? Bullshit. &gt; A firearm is 6 times more likely to be used against a family member than in self-defense. You got a Canadian source for that? Or are you doing the same thing as the liberal party and projecting American gun problems on Canadians?
&gt; they want everything on a silver platter It's hilarious you accuse millenials of this, when the boomer generation was literally handed the most prosperous period in the history of the United States.... built by their parents.
For route building and custom content, nothing beats Trainz Railroad Simulator. TRS2019 is a *huge* step up from T:ANE (the previous version), though it's still evolutionary and still has the pros and cons of previous trainz versions. For custom content there's some really good stuff out there, and there's a lot of crap or very old stuff. One downside to Trainz is that you almost require paid access to the DLS. Even if content you find isn't on the DLS it probably has dependencies that are. For the release of TRS2019 N3V started an optional subscription service to the DLS, it gives you access to a ton of paid DLC as well so the dollar value is there, IMO, if you actively use the game.
"almost require". Without it you're limited to, IIRC, 15kbs speed and 4 MB of data/day, which is pretty close to useless for all but the smallest assets. Even payware from 3rd parties like JR still sometimes require stuff from the DLS.
I've considered this, though I'd worry about the effect it would have on light mechs.
&gt; Although you have to factor in all the perks that these government workers get compared to the private sector. You'd probably be surprised. There's more than a few Government jobs where the private sector does better. I know far more people who have gone Gov to private than the other way around. Pensions are one place where public service typically does well... but there's a reason it's often referred to as 'the golden handcuffs'.
lol ok dude.
The millennial generation is the most productive generation in human history.. and yet they're seeing a significantly smaller portion of that productivity when compared to their parents' generation. I don't blame millennials one bit for being pissed off at being more productive yet reaping less of the benefits of that productivity all while being accused of being lazy and entitled by a generation that was born on third base and thought they got there by hitting a triple. I'm not saying boomers didn't work hard, they absolutely did (by and large), the difference is they were working in an environment that rewarded that hard work that was *built by their parents*, while systematically dismantling that system, preventing following generations from reaping the same benefits, *all the while* accusing the following generations of being lazy because they're not reaping said benefits, and calling them entitled when called out on it.
&gt;Yeah since it's such an old game I had to download a cracked version to get it to run Trainz DRM's based on what's in your Auran account via login...
Intermediate cartridge, selective fire, detachable box magazine.
&gt; It's the big black ones that are for murder. Which, ironically, are practically never used for murder in Canada.
S/he asked what defines an assault rifle. All 3 of those properties are required for something to meet the definition of an assault rifle. &gt; you cannot buy them from any legal dealer without some very expensive and rare permits. Correct. Ergo, they're already illegal in Canada. And IIRC have been since the 70's. So any talk of "banning assault rifles" is stupid. This is why anti-guns folk love the term "assault weapon" -a term they refuse to define. It sounds scary like "assault rifle" but they could include a black-painted rubber-band gun in it if they wanted to.
[Have a read of this NYT piece on parrots](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/31/magazine/what-does-a-parrot-know-about-ptsd.html).
I own 3 firearms. Only one of them was "designed to kill" (the one, ironically, that won't be touched by the Liberal's new gun legislation). The other two are purpose built sporting rifles. So no, not all guns are purpose built to kill.
The Backfires are cruise missile platforms. They don't "drop bombs". Depending on their payload they may have a standoff range in excess of 500 km. The Hornets are decently fast, but that's empty. Not carrying an intercept loadout, which I'm guessing is something like a pair of drop tanks and 2-4 AMRAAMs, which have an effective range of about 40 miles against a non-evasive target. Against something moving very fast, maneuvering, and likely equipped with hellishly powerful ECM, I'd guess you could easily cut that range in half. If the Russian turns tail, the Hornet is not catching it. If the geometry of the engagement doesn't allow the Hornet to get reasonably close, the Hornet is not catching it. Remember, these bombers were designed to attack US carrier groups defended by F-14s. A plane significantly faster with a much longer arm than the Hornet. The Russia military is grossly neglected, but they've taken very good care of their Backfires. I wouldn't underestimate that plane.
&gt;Then that's what they're going to do. What do you think the billions being invested into the CF18 upgrade are actually going to? Oh let me guess "You know very little about the subject" do you? &gt; No, it isn't. HEP is mainly a systems upgrade. Phase I is addressing interoperability issues with our allies and regulatory compliance issues, as well as modernization of the combat systems. Phase II is more limited and focused almost exclusively on further upgrading the combat systems, and will only happen to a percentage of the fleet. It very much mirrors the IMP of the early 2000s. *Nowhere* in the HEP platform is there any mention of airframe modifications. &gt; &gt;You're not telling me anything i dont already know. I'm well aware that it was a wing replacement. Then you'll know the HEP is nothing like it. &gt;As for the aussie planes. You have no idea what condition they are in. So dont talk. Almost all the Aussie airframes are over 6,000 hours, and older than ours from an avionics standpoint. Some of them are literally being bought for parts. These aren't new aircraft. Flying ones will also be part of the HEP. &gt; &gt;I'm done with you. Yea, that happens when you're literally making stuff up.
&gt;&gt;Also, the newer versions of the Bears have been outfitted as cruise missile platforms. The TU-95MS carries the Kh-101, a missile with a range exceeding 2,000 km -roughly the range from Pickering to Cape Dorset, north of Hudson's Bay. &gt; &gt;Ok well at that point the solution isn't even a plane really because there exists very few that can deal with that kind of range. Dude, you need to take some time and research some of this stuff. You're really off the mark with a lot of posts you're putting in this thread, and judging by other responses you've gotten, I'm not the only one who thinks so. You're telling other people they don't know why they're talking about when you had no idea (your own admission) about Russia's two most modern supersonic bombers *or* the capabilities of the current version of the TU-95. Take a step back and do some research into the aircraft as well as modern air combat doctrine. It's an interesting subject, for sure.
Seriously... I've found references to everything I posted in &lt; 5 minutes of Google searching lol.
Which you were also wrong about, because you thought they dropped dumb bombs. /eyeroll (I see you didn't actually block me, lol)
If you want a thumbstick you're looking for a CH Pro Throttle.
&gt; Personally, I'm excited for consoles to catch up to PCs and to finally see games being designed for next-gen. Exact same thing was said about this last gen when consoles moved to the x86 platform with enough RAM to actually do something. Instead, we saw developers intentionally gimping computer games so that there was "equal experience" across the board. We're never returning to the days of the original XB where the hardware outstripped PC hardware on launch.
&gt; SSDs will have a minimum amount of overprovisioning out of the box. It's generally best practice to dedicated 10% of the overall space for this purpose Yup, and this number is fuckery (most common for consumer drives is 7% or 14%), and may or may not be included in the size label of the SSD. So it's quite possible to buy a "500 GB" SSD that's actually just over 400GiB of usable storage. Luckily *most* SSD manufacturers don't include the OP pool in the total storage, but that's also a reason you get odd sizes on the label like "480 GB".
Fall of the Dungeon Guardians is pretty good.
&gt; Any advice on how I should organise the load order tho like what category and genre go first and stuff like that any kind of help will be appreciated You should start by reading the documentation for each and every mod you want to install. That will (usually) tell you where it should be, but failing that it will tell you a lot about what it modifies. Knowing that, you can judge where it needs to be. When you're starting out, avoid adding multiple mods that change the same thing. It's often solvable when you do -but it involves bash patching or creative load order work. For things like textures it's usually not a problem as that's just graphical stuff, but for locations or lists, you can cause hard crashes if a mod tries to access something that another mod has overwritten. So you're best to avoid it altogether. Mods that *only* add things you're usually Ok with, though they can still overwrite lists for example if you're adding mods that change the loot drops. Remember that mod loading is *linear*. It goes lowest to highest, happily overwriting anything along the way. Sometimes you need to use your head.. like why are you loading the ELFX compatibility patches before you're loading the ELFX main file? That makes no sense whatsoever.. ELFX is just going to overwrite whatever is being changed in the compatibility patch. You've got FNISSexymoves loading before the main FNIS plugin.. again.. why? You've got multiple RaceMenu addons loading before the main Racemenu plugin. Stuff like that. Depending on how the mods work this might not cause problems, but why take that chance? Other things like Open Cities mod, it says specifically in the description that "any mod which adds things to the closed cities will be incompatible." I'm pretty sure I see a couple of mods in your mod list that modify the closed cities. That means you're running one or the other, not both. *This is why it's so important to read the documentation*. Open Cities has a very long list of mods that don't work with solely because of this limitation. You've got 'Cutting Room Floor' as #60 on your load order... on the mod's front page it literally says "Load early, as close to the top of your load list as reasonably possible since this mod deals in restored vanilla content." So here's another example where you didn't even bother reading the documentation. So I'd start there. Cut your mod list down *by a lot*, and read the install instructions *in full*. Once you've got some time modding under your belt and get a little more familiar with how Skyrim works, you'll start to get a feel for where mods should be in the load order.
Running any script-heavy mods by any chance? I've seen this before when Papyrus starts lagging.
Assuming that's the problem, a new game will fix it temporarily, but there's nothing preventing it from happening again. A clean save *might* fix it as well, but again, nothing preventing it from happening again. Best way is to identify which mod(s) are causing the problem and go from there. Beyond that I'm afraid I can't be of too much help.. last time I encountered this issue I just ended up removing the offending mod (on that note, if you've *removed* script heavy mods you might have orphaned scripts.. a clean save should fix that). That's of course assuming that's the problem.
If it's a matter of the game bogging down after it's been running for a while, restarting the game should fix it.. but again, temporarily. If the save game starts to bloat it's just going to get worse the longer you play with those saves. I'd try doing a clean save first, resume your game, and go from there. If it only occurs every now and then but otherwise has no negative effects it might be Ok just to live with it. If it causes more problems or it gets worse you're going to have to figure out what's causing it.
IIRC Warzones is broke as fuck. That's exactly the mod I was running when I ran into this problem.
It's very easy to get carried away and break shit. I've been playing Skyrim nearly since release, and I've probably got more time modding than playing it, and I've *really* broken my game before... to the point of having to do complete nuke &amp; paves of the game. You have to keep in mind that a lot of YTers and long time players with great looking installs have spent years learning the inns-and-outs of making the game look and play great. It's not realistic to expect to be completely new to it and achieve that off the hop. For my own game, I've modified installed mods to tweak them and resolve things, as well as done bashed patches and the like. With extensive mod lists that's almost required. Despite appearances, beyond basic mods, Skyrim modding isn't as plug-and-play as it seems. One of the best things you can do is learn when to say *good enough*. When you get a game modded to a decent level and it plays a way you're satisfied in, do you really *need* that one more script-heavy mod? Do you really *need* to add that mod that modifies half the bloody cells in the world? The larger your load order gets the harder it gets to resolve issues. So start small. Decide what kind of things you want to change, then go find some mods that change those. You've got a couple of pretty solid mods on your list (I use some of the ones you have on every playthrough). OTOH, you've done some things you really need to pay attention to. You've got heavy mods that both modify the same things, and are 100% going to cause problems with each other. So in cases like that if you think "I want to change this feature", go look at different mods, and pick the one that has the features you think you'll like the most. Skyrim modding golden rules: * Only one mod that modifies the same thing at a time. * Read the mod documentation. * Install (heavy) mods one at a time, and test.
A lot of people compare X4 to X3... a game with 3 expansions and years of updates. I actually enjoy X4 more than X3. X4 was pretty buggy on launch (as is tradition for Egosoft) but it's solid enough now. It's on sale for -30% on GOG right now.
&gt; - I'd love access to the workshop mods, too. You always have Nexus. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Oh hell, the amount of times I've gone through my steam list and been like "When the heck did I buy that game??"
It's.. interesting. Definitely different than anything else I've played.
&gt; That was when the game only really began development proper I love how this date keeps getting amended. No, the game was absolutely in full development in 2014. Hell, Arena Commander launched in 2014. So much so CIG thought SC42 would release in 2016. Major features were scheduled to come online in Q4 2015 (still waiting on that December 2015 Subsumption update...) This "the game didn't start development until 2016" is complete revisionist history to excuse CIG's Godawful project management. -Original pre-kickstarter backer.
&gt; until they switched engines They didn't switch engines. They're still technically on Cryengine 3.6 (of which Lumberyard is a fork). At the time CIG 'switched' to Lumberyard they'd already been on their own internal fork of Cryengine for over a year. The switch took them a whopping two days, and IIRC, it mainly revolved around moving networking stuff from GCE to AWS, since Lumber. That's it. &gt; and solidified their roadmap Is this the roadmap that they literally amend and change at will? They one that keeps having stuff removed from it? That 'solid' roadmap? Or is there some other mystical roadmap that doesn't get changed at CIG's will?
&gt; What we see is the external roadmap, ie features they're confident will release soon. Wrong. Again. CIG is claiming they're showing us the internal roadmap. In their words: &gt; The roadmap data is pulled directly from the internal project management database. In the spirit of transparency, the data found on this page is pulled directly from JIRA, our internal database that we are using to plan and manage the project. For a guy/gal "correcting" everyone about SC who criticizes it, you don't really seem to know much about its history. I will freely admit I haven't followed SC as closely as I used to starting mid-2018 (and outside of major updates really don't give enough shits to follow it closer in 2020), up until the end of 2017 I followed it quite extensively, right from when I initially backed in September (October? I can't remember..) 2012.
Naw, I never spent more on SC than I was willing to lose. If I wanted a refund, I would have gotten it. I still want the game to come out. I still want it to succeed. I'm just completely done defending CIG's horrid project management, and have been for a couple of years. What annoys me more is diehards like you, who feel the need to "correct" backers who've been following this game for a *long* time, with your revisionist and flat out incorrect "facts". Look, I don't expect everyone (especially newer backers) to know the full history of the project.. but dude you've posted 3 incorrect and easily verifiable things in a row in this thread. Combined with spamming your OP across no less than 7 subreddits.. it's hard to take you as anything other than a shill.
Make sure the FNIS output is going in the right place.
&gt;Remember when they botched the murder investigation into that serial killer in the gay community? The Bruce McArthur investigation wasn't botched. It was actually a really interesting investigation. Once police got onto McArthur they did some really good classic police work tracking him down. The problem was, as much as one doesn't want to give him credit, McArthur was *really good* at killing people and covering his tracks. You're talking about a guy who moved dead bodies from his apartment in broad daylight and raised zero suspicions whatsoever. He did months of recon on his victims and was very selective. He deliberately picked victims that were transient, unemployed, or otherwise had no responsibilities or close connections and wouldn't be reported missing for weeks. He was caught because his last victim was employed, stable, and reported missing the very next day. TPS can be criticized for a lot of things... McArthur isn't one of them.
Yes, the solve rates for indigenous homicides are in line with the rest of the population and have been for years. We've known this for over a decade.
I'll wait for release. What ED shows in trailers and what actual gameplay looks like ain't exactly similar.
While you certainly put it a little harsher than I would have, I can't say I disagree with this general sentiment. There's so much that could be done with ED from a gameplay perspective, but FDEV seemingly just wants to keep it a collection of shallow, disconnected mechanics. Almost everything they've added in the last couple of years has just been a variant of something else with different window dressing.
... you are loading a new area. That supercruise transition is literally a loading screen to transition to a new instance.
Wait they're not even doing Galnet updates anymore? That was like the only hint the player had that they were actually in a living universe.
Honestly, the best pose mod I use is [Halo's Poser](http://mod.dysintropi.me/). It originally started as Pinup Poser, so most of the poses are pinup-like poses and there's definitely some slooty stuff in there, but it has a few subcatagories for action poses with 1H/2H/DW weapons, dramatic action poses, non-sexual poses specifically for male characters, [stuff like this [male -1 handed]](https://i.imgur.com/uysT9nB.png) and [like this [female -duel wield]](https://i.imgur.com/XAvdCVO.png). I can't tell you specifically if there's a pose like the one you want as there's over 500 poses in the set. Any pose mod is going to require you to install FNIS and run it to re-compile the poses for the game. No getting around that. If you're using Mod Organizer installing FNIS and Halo actually isn't too bad. Copy your profile and just follow the instructions.
So why didn't they do it in their 4 years of a majority Government?
&gt; Was it actually causing problems with overall control, that's really the only reason I see neutering an entire control surface/axis. I heard during closed beta there was an extremely vocal group of beta players that wanted to the controls to replicate the original Elite games -which had no yaw whatsoever- and that's one of the main reasons FDEV went that route.
&gt; especially from the Star Citizen crowd, that spacelegs are the most important feature in this kind of game. Honestly thought it was a minority opinion. TBF to Star Citizen, there's comparatively a lot of crap to do with your space legs, besides just walking around looking at scenery. If FDEV follows typical FDEV, walking around will be barebones with little to do. One of the coolest things about Star Citizen is walking around you ships -something FDEV isn't doing for space legs. So it's really not an equivalent comparison.
The problem is that "content" is a bunch of samey, disconnected and half-baked mechanics. There's a *ton* FDEV could have done to make this game more interesting.. but they just don't seem to care. The game doesn't even simulate a real economy. Minor factions don't matter beyond the line on your faction rep. Other than different ships, *major* faction rep doesn't even really matter. After all this time, *still* the only meaningful way to interact with something else *is to shoot it*. Powerplay was essentially DoA. In the grand scheme of things it added nothing new to the game -just another rep to grind for. Engineers? Another thing to grind for. So you could upgrade shit and grind faster. Lets not even get into the horrid P2P networking system. I've enjoyed Elite.. but FDEV has done precious little to actually improve the core gameplay in 5 and half years.
Evochron Legacy is interesting. It's made by 1 guy so you have to look at it through that lens. It's like Elite, but with actual shit to do. Oh and some of the best implimentation of 6DoF out there.
&gt; A TON of people have a hard time learning new things This is one reason people struggle with proper simulators. They require a skillset that doesn't really overlap with any other genre, and people very quickly hit a wall where they need to practice something completely new and foreign.
It took me a really long time to warm up to the space flight in Elite. It's not my favorite (bank-yank turning feels REALLY wrong to me in a space sim), but I can live with it.
Ever play Supreme Commander? This is the grandaddy of that game.
I think Stellerators are starting to gain some traction now. Hopefully something will eventually come out of those.
&gt; Do we need police armed police to give out speeding tickets and write up reports on every accident in the province? You'd be surprised at the amount of routine traffic stops that escalate into something else. I worked on one where a guy was pulled over for a traffic infraction and ended with an investigation into counterfeit passport creation/smuggling across 3 provinces. I've worked on others that have involved weapon and drug smuggling of various sorts, seen ones that escalated into human trafficking investigations... you'd be amazed. For really low level stuff? No, but for HTA enforcement? Yea, keep that under the jurisdiction of the police. (P.S. If you're committing a crime, don't break the traffic laws lol) &gt; Seems like a unarmed force with less training could handle that Eh, until the dude you pull over is a 6'4" belligerent drunk, or... literally anyone.. tweaking out on something. &gt; Do we need police to do wellness checks when there is a report that someone may be suicidal? I'd actually argue that falls under public safety and is a key police function. &gt; Do we really need police officers patrolling our schools? Well run SRO programs actually showed an overall net benefit. &gt; into less violent services to take a responsibility off the police in cases where that particular hammer isn't needed. One place I know that this is being pushed for is certain paid duties, like cops needed to be at locations where roads are closed or lanes closed for construction and the like. While the actual costs are paid for by the company requiring the paid duty officer, there just aren't enough police to go around. Things like directing traffic could be handled by special constables and the like.
I'd love some more specialized hardware for different things... I just don't have the desk realestate for it lol.
Non-exhaustive list: Wing Commander Series: * [Wing Commander 1 &amp; 2](https://www.gog.com/game/wing_commander_1_2). * [Wing Commander 3: Heart of the Tiger](https://www.gog.com/game/wing_commander_3_heart_of_the_tiger) * [Wing Commander 4: The Price of Freedom](https://www.gog.com/game/wing_commander_4_the_price_of_freedom) * [Wing Commander: Prophecy](https://www.gog.com/game/wing_commander_5_prophecy) * [Wing Commander: Privateer](https://www.gog.com/game/wing_commander_privateer) * [Privateer 2: The Darkening](https://www.gog.com/game/privateer_2_the_darkening) X-Wing Series: * [Star Wars: X-Wing](https://www.gog.com/game/star_wars_xwing_special_edition) * [Star Wars: TIE Fighter](https://www.gog.com/game/star_wars_tie_fighter_special_edition) -*still appears on 'Best PC Games of all Time' lists* * [Star Wars: X-Wing Alliance](https://www.gog.com/game/star_wars_xwing_alliance) Independence War * [Independence War I](https://www.gog.com/game/independence_war_deluxe) * [Independence War II](https://www.gog.com/game/independence_war_2) FreeSpace Series: * [FreeSpace: The Great War](https://www.gog.com/game/freespace_expansion) * [FreeSpace 2](https://www.gog.com/game/freespace_2) -*Widely considered the best space combat sim ever made*. Starlancer Series: * [Starlancer](https://www.mobygames.com/game/starlancer) -*Not flawless but I actually consider this the best of the Roberts' brothers space games.* * [Freelancer](https://www.mobygames.com/game/windows/freelancer) *Neither Starlancer or Freelancer are commercially available.. but an enterprising individual can still get a hold of them.* Other: * [Tachyon: The Fringe](https://www.gog.com/game/tachyon_the_fringe) *Both X-Wing Alliance and FreeSpace 2 have extensive and active modding scenes, and I recommend looking into that. These are two games you WANT to play modded for your first playthrough.* *For TIE Fighter, make sure you play the 'Collector's CD' version, NOT the 1998 Windows CD version. I didn't include X-Wing vs. TIE Fighter on this list because, despite being the most popular of the series, it's strictly multiplayer.* *I left the X series off this list because they're more economic sims, but still worth checking out if you want to see the evolution of that side of the genre*.
Bethesda's stock meshes have neck seams.
Always been there.
&gt; It seems odd to arrest the person who would be the one on the receiving end of assault though. Being a victim doesn't abolish your legal responsibility. You can easily be the victim of one crime while committing another. &gt; No, that's freedom of expression. Canada has hard limits on your freedoms. Moreso, just because you're free to express yourself doesn't make you free of the legal and social consequences of doing so.
&gt; Saying "there's limits" isn't a legal argument. What are you talking about? It's literally spelt out in S.2 of the Charter that there's limits.
I still have issues of PC Gamer (or CGW.. can't remember which) with all the adverts for it. Can't remember if I have the issue where they reviewed it.. I should go check.
&gt; You have no right not to be offended. Good thing nobody was charged with "offending people". &gt; And being offended doesn't give you the right to hit someone. Good thing nobody was charged with "hitting someone because they were offended." &gt; If a two men kissed in front of an anti gay rally, you'd want them charged if the anti gay rally wanted to hit them? Please answer this. Pretty sure an anti-gay rally in Canada would be considered a hate crime, especially given the current social climate... Regardless, I'm not sure you're presenting an equivalent scenario. Two gay guys kissing doesn't even remotely represent the same historical transgressions as black face does. OTOH, lets simplify the scenario and frame it the same without examples: Peaceful protest -&gt; select people arrive and take action with sole purpose of stirring up shit -&gt; represents a disturbance of the peace. Blackface guy was not there to counter-protest. He was there with the sole objective of stirring up shit at a protest.
Digital forensics guy here. This, 100%. Now, the vast majority of times a witness has data on a device we need we'll try to get it by consent (and 99% of the time that's given), but I have seen warrants written for witness devices. It's rare, but it does happen. Police don't like doing it. Like I said though, the very vast majority of people who record something of evidentiary value give it on consent.
&gt; And any party that has an interaction with the police should be able to request the footage of the incident. Even if charges aren't filed, if they stop or question you, you should be able to review the footage. I like your first idea -cameras rolling while on call- as it allows the officers to still take a shit or eat lunch without being filmed. But I completely disagree with this. If body cams are to be used as an investigative tool, Joe public doesn't have a right to that data. If body cams are to be used as a silent witness, Joe public doesn't have a right to that data. More likely people would creatively edit out parts of the footage, then send that off to the nearest media outlet. This has happened multiple times before with bystander recordings. The general public (non-plaintiff, victim, or accused) should only see bodycam footage when its released as part of court proceedings, or when the police force releases it for whatever reason. There's zero reason to treat bodycam footage different than any other evidence.
&gt; I'm going to assume that the process of getting your phone/camera back after submitting it would be a lengthy process with no guarantees? In a way. Generally phones we get on consent are returned to the owner as fast as possible. The problem is we don't have the people or expertise available to make that as quick and painless as everyone would like. A "fast" turn around for a basic consent device would be a week or two. In some cases it can be more than a month. It's somewhat circumstantial but it's not as fast as anyone would like. &gt; I'm a software engineer with absolutely no knowledge of forensics but I have a hard time figuring out how you'd get the file out of an iPhone (to which you're granted access) in a completely different way than I would. Like yeah the hash might change because of metadata or something but then you'd run into the same issue anyway no? Metadata won't change a file's hash value (unless you're talking about like EXIF data or something), since file metadata is a property of the file system and not the file itself. If a software engineer had data I needed and said to me "I can provide you a copy of the data on a USB drive with all the data hashed" and included the source information (drive, directory, etc.), I personally would probably be Ok with that (of course the final decision wouldn't be up to me and depends on the situation). I've done stuff like that before when dealing with servers.. we really don't want to pull a server for a company offline if we don't have to, and I don't like mucking around on other people's live servers -there's a very real danger I'll do some damage, especially if it's running an OS I'm unfamiliar with. So in cases like that our preferred method is either to have the witness export the information for us, or have the witness guide us through doing it ourselves. The problem is the vast majority of people have no idea how to actually get files off their device and onto another device, let alone doing it without changing it. There's other considerations too, and a lot of it revolves around how a mobile device presents data to the user vs. how it's actually stored on the device or in the cloud. Any time a user manipulates data on the device they're doing it through whatever app, which (especially on Apple devices) often does other stuff to the data for "user experience" that's completely transparent to the user (for example, songs on iPhones are stored using some long pain in the ass GUID, not by filename). A user might export out a picture from their photostream, but that photo might actually be a compressed/lower resolution copy that was stored in the cloud rather than the one that was originally taken by the phone camera. To the user it's "the same picture", but to us it very much is not. We may also need some other context around the data (such as the chat/sms message/email it was sent to the witness in), and it's even harder for a user to get that kind of stuff out, assuming they even can. For example, MMS/SMS messages and things like Whatsapp store their data in SQLite databases. Even some binary data like thumbnails or small pictures are stored in blob data within the database. Forensically, I'd rather pull the data straight from the database than rely on the user exporting it correctly with all the necessary context. Then there's always the risk that the user is going to accidentally delete data when attempting to copy it out or move it. This is frighteningly common. The preferred method is to do a full logical copy of the phone's file system (or a selective copy if the toolset allows it), with the express understanding that the consent only allows the examination of specific data. For example, if a user only allows consent to look at text messages between two parties, it's fairly easy for me to filter my tools so I'm only seeing that data. That way I can make a forensic copy of that data and be as certain as possible that its the data on the phone. Then there's always the chance witnesses are lying and provide you false data... (for example a video recorded on a different date than they said it was), or the witness may simply be mistaken or forgetful. If I'm not the one who did the extraction I can't verify any of that. It doesn't make the data useless, but it does open an avenue of defense.
&gt; So he was on probation* and the defence lawyer didn't think he could be released. As breach of bail conditions and/or drug trafficking charges usually result in being confined until trial. That makes sense. As for the rest of it, that still sounds like way more of a lawyer fuckup than a cop fuckup. Threatening to launch Stinchcombe applications isn't that uncommon either, especially with pain-in-the-ass defense attorneys or incompetent crowns. &gt; .Remarkably, Schulz did not immediately offer to drop all charges and release Mr. Boucher, nor did Grey demand that he do so." That's the part that really gets me. The crown certainly should have dropped charges if that was all the evidence they had, but holy shit, that defense lawyer doesn't seem like they were doing their job at all.
&gt; There are legal savings to be had, efficiency in reviews, etc Oh man I'm so sorry you think so. Body cams will likely have a net benefit.. but speeding up the legal process sure as hell will not be one of them.
Heh, the funny thing is.. you're not exactly wrong in either reply. I mean.. we try not to hang onto devices for a year.. but several months has happened :(
I work digital forensics. Sorry, you're wrong. Storage is a MASSIVE expense for us and a constant headache. We're talking petabytes of data stored on Isilon or Compellant (or equivalent) systems, their real-time backup systems, as well as their off-site backups, the people to maintain those systems (which isn't just swapping out dead HDDs, you're also talking about ACLs and the like), disclosure of said information (which is protected by legislation) to parties that don't have access to the systems (and can't be given said access)... it isn't even remotely as simple as you seem to think. And this is against people who control the budget who think exactly like you "It's $40 bucks at Target, you don't need a $200,000 server. Get the fuck over it". It's a huge problem.
My point is that it's not as simple as many people seem to think.
&gt; I would posit that solar ought to be our future. And I would posit you really don't have an appreciation for how much power nuclear plants generate. The largest solar farm in Canada (still under construction in Alberta) will be rated at -in absolute best case- 400 Mw. About one third of *one* of Bruce Nuclear's *eight* reactors.
Who controls the systems? Who's responsibility is it to administer the systems? How to you allocate resources based on individual funding? Etc. etc. Remember there would be a large political end to this when you're dealing with multiple municipalities.
Like I said, with the caveat that I'm not an officer and haven't undergone any tactical training: &gt; the van terrorist was not confirmed to be armed with a gun and handnt attacked CST Lam directly after getting out of the van If he was armed CST Lam would likely have been killed. End of story. This man had just murdered multiple people. Lam was the only officer present. He knew he was dealing with a dangerous individual, who may have a weapon, he had no backup. The immediate goal isn't to arrest someone -it's to end the threat to public safety. This wasn't a possible weapon callout where someone "may" be armed and the threat level isn't known. This was an officer responding to someone who had already used deadly force against civilians, who absolutely had lethal intent, was not in a controlled situation, may very well still have had the means to carry out lethal intent, and was not responsive to the demands of the officer. Waiting to see if the guy actually had a gun would have been waiting to get shot. So yea... Lam was lucky.
&gt; i mean you said yourself that nobody else was there , is there nothing that Lam could have seen in the moment himself that would have assured him that making the arrest was safe You'll have to ask Lam. &gt; he was the only other person besides the terrorist present and im going to assume Lam didnt want to die Contrary to the current Reddit mantra, most cops really, really, *really* do not want to shoot someone.
&gt; No, it really is cheap. Here's what Amazon offers. It costs $1/month per TB. No, it isn't cheap. Police can't store evidence in the cloud. Full. Stop. Police especially cannot store evidence in the cloud *located in another country.* Remember all "the cloud" is, is *someone else's server*. It's not a magical place that isn't subject to regional laws and privacy protections. You also don't want to encrypt the data. That causes far, far more headaches than it solves (from both technical and legislative points of view -yea, provincial and federal governments in Canada have legislation around the methods of encryption that must be used and adhered to). It's much easier and less risky to properly control access to the data. I work in digital forensics -data storage is a massive headache for us.
Sure, let me know when that type of storage becomes available physically in the jurisdiction of the police forces that would require it (so Federal somewhere, Ontario, Quebec, and Newfoundland). Even then you're only solving the physical storage issue. It doesn't really solve any of the logical problems and actually creates new ones, and may create other legal problems unless the facilities are completely Government controlled (even then it can create legal problems -I'm not sure how the SQ would write a warrant to search data held on a server in Vancouver). People in my line of work aren't idiots... if we had the budget and ability to easily solve this problem, believe me, we would have done it by now. Storage is a constant headache for us.
&gt; There's no reason that the RCMP couldn't contract a company to build them a server farm like what Amazon has. Even if it ends up costing a bit more, it would still be dirt cheap. It's a novel idea, I'll grant you that. And I'd love an entire data center dedicated around evidence storage with proper access control (physical and logical), backups, monitoring, etc. I guarantee you it's never going to happen. The problem is more political than anything else, and I also think you'd actually be shocked at how much money that would cost. There's also other reasons to have data locally, though. Centralizing your data requires high speed internet access. That's simply not available for a huge part of the country, and there's a lot of police detachments that simply don't have that kind of throughput. Yes, these are all *technically* solvable problems, but there's a lot of them. And that doesn't get into the legal and political ones. I'm not trying to say it can't be done, but it's a significantly more complicated problem than a lot of people seem to think it is. If you want it done, start pushing your MP or MPP to get it done. You also have to remember Amazon can do it for so cheap because they have economy of scale. Like A LOT of scale. They probably deal with more data in an hour than the entirety of every police force in Canada deals with in a decade. Backblaze did an AMA a while ago talking about this and why they can do unlimited storage for so cheap.
Yup, right on all accounts. If you're going to treat bodycam footage the same as any other digital evidence, you have to handle it like any other digital evidence. And currently the vast majority of police departments do not have the capability to collect, analyze, and store that much data.
Defense red herrings the everloving shit out of anything they can. People think Crown Attorneys play games? It's nothing compared to the shit defence gets away with in court.
&gt; Maybe not inadmissible but if there’s no footage the onus of proof should be reversed and the cop should have to PROVE that they didn’t do anything wrong That would just result in FIDO -Fuck it, drive on. You can't have an effective and dynamic law enforcement organization if you're forcing them to walk on eggshells all the time.
Yea, a cop would rather taze someone than have HD footage of them shooting them or clubbing them over the head with a stick. A bodycam is *never* going to help resolve a potentially harmful situation at the time. A taser might. That's not exactly hard math to do.
&gt; if an officer refuses to respond to a call then they would be fired. It's not refusing to respond to a call, it's approaching the situation with a level of apathy born from the desire for a minimal amount of administrative risk to the officer. &gt; it's become pretty clear that we cannot have an effective law enforcement agency with zero oversight either. I'm not quite sure how you got advocating zero oversight from anything I wrote. There's a hell of a distance between "Go into every situation with the assumption the officer fucked up" to "zero oversight."
[What's with the accounts lately spamming Star Citizen stuff all over?](https://i.imgur.com/Tm5pxHW.png)
&gt; How many people are killed by these dogs every year? How many more are mauled? Just because I was curious after I read that I went and [found some info](https://www.animals24-7.org/2019/01/03/40-americans-canadians-killed-by-dogs-in-2018-31-by-pit-bulls/#:~:text=Pit%20bulls%20through%20November%2024,of%20other%20breeds%20killed%20none). I didn't bother fact checking so take it for what it's worth. (not making any argument here, I was simply curious about the numbers). According to that, 43 people were killed in Canada and the US by dogs in 2018. 34 were by pitbulls. So they make up about 5% of the dog population, and were responsible for about 75% of the deaths.
Trainz 2019 is the better game across the board, about the only thing Trainz: A New Era has going for it by comparison is better backwards-compatibility with some older routes.
Yea really.. [hell here's another one](https://www.reddit.com/user/dreadfamilyadventure).
That's fair, thanks for the response. I've had little interest in civilian flight sims for a long time.. just wasn't impressed with the current offerings, but I'm keeping a close eye on this one. Looks really good.
&gt; DTG is, at its core, incredibly fucking arrogant. They're insufferable arrogant because they've, in essence, monopolised a niche market, drowned out the competition, and are now owning it. They know this and are making use of it at every turn. So much this. We really saw this when they tried to break into the flight sim market with FSW. They thought they were going to be next king shit and cash in... except they seemed to miss the fact that flight simmers already had well established sims with full mod communities and 3rd party developers. When DTG realized they couldn't monetize the everloving fuck out of the market by being the only game in town and dictating terms to everyone, they jumped ship rather than trying to build a competent product and compete. Interestingly enough though I don't think arrogance is limited to DTG on the train sim side.. there's another certain North American train simulator that could be the absolute king in that department if the developers weren't so convinced of their own superiority that they actually put some effort into modernizing their product.
I meant it half tongue-in-cheek. I think most people see it as something cool and somewhat funny in DCS. There's [better mods for FreeSpace](https://youtu.be/ler20EdjAfs) for the classic X-Wing feel.
What's it at now, like $30 ~~million~~billion unaccounted for?
The method may be different, but the objectives are the same. Both want to subvert the democratic process. I have no doubt Trudeau would shut down Parliament right now completely if he could.
&gt; The government can table fiscal updates without a bonafide budget Yea they can... but they're not. That's part of the whole problem. The LPC is keeping the rest of Parliament in the dark about Canada's current fiscal situation, and refusing to resume regular parliamentary sessions so they can't be hammered on it.
&gt; No u have the option to go to court about it. Most of the time the cops dont show up and it gets thrown out. In Canada cops get issued a summons to go to court. The cop "not showing up" is in itself an offence.
&gt; So I had to go to court one time because the cop wrote me 6 $90 tickets for one maneuver I made (a guy was trying to turn right into a lot that a cop was trying to turn left out of, except neither of them was moving so I went around the car). So let me get this straight... you were too impatient to wait for the vehicles with right-of-way to move out of the way, so you took it upon yourself to commit multiple traffic infractions in front of a cop? And this is some how the *cop's* fault? Really dude?
&gt; Because it's more of an incentive for investigators not to drag out the investigation. I love it when people comment on Canadian matters without any idea of Canadian law. Supreme Court of Canada R. v. Jordan has already put a hard, 18-month* limit on cases from the time the charges are laid to the time the entire court process is finished. If it takes longer than 18 months, it's considered an automatic breach of the subject's Section 11b Charter rights, and unless the CA can make some *very* compelling arguments as to why its taken so long, the case will be tossed. So the investigators have incentive to move quickly because the case *will literally get thrown out of court* of they don't. \* 30 months for high court (think homicide) or particularly complex cases.
... if he's found guilty he does... that's the way the system works up here. Would be nice if people actually read a bit into it before bitching about it.
There's a MASSIVE hate boner on for police right now. Our media is working overtime to dig up just about every single story they can to shit on cops, regardless of how bad. Even the recent one about Chief Adams... if you watch the whole 11+ minute video instead of just the smaller abridged clips that keep appearing in our media, it paints a different story.
In Canada conviction rate for police charged with a crime is higher than it is for the general populace.
[citation needed] Canada isn't the US.
You only remember the good games you played 10 years ago. I know I spent a shitton of time gaming in the 90's and early ought's, .. I can't remember 99% of what I played. I remember the awesome games I *still* play from 20 years ago, however. These days I just find I have more interesting things to do than sit on my arse in front of a computer in all my free time (though I still do a lot of that). It's not that I enjoy gaming less, I've just found other hobbies I enjoy as much.
The problem is deeper than just separate player bases though. Elite has some very core issues, one of which being that there's no actual economic simulation. Wouldn't matter if the game was single or multiplayer. But lets even assume they fixed the economy part of it either by full MP or full SP. That still leaves you with... really nothing else to do that isn't there already. Minor factions still don't mean shit. System A is the same as System B is the same as System C so on and so forth. Players still can't interact with anything besides shooting it. Even with a full economic sim for the single player there would still be nothing intrinsically meaningful to do. On the MP side it would bring a host of problems that EvE has (there's a reason that game has a steadily declining player base). FDEV needs to figure out what they actually want to *do with* Elite. They seem to think of mechanic features to put in without any real idea of how those mechanics are supposed to integrate with each other or mesh with the game as a whole.. so we end up with a bunch of disconnected mechanics that only sort of work.
&gt; For anyone remotely interested in the "game", I recommend watching the below YouTube series, which was created by someone who invested over $10k in the beginning of the project. I've watched most of this series. It's a good watch and I agree with most of his major points and the overall tone, but just be aware that the creator deliberately omits some verifiable information that runs contrary to his opinion and occasionally takes some other things out of context to push his narrative. Basically what I'm saying is don't take everything he says completely at face value. There may be more context behind it.
Best entry level HOTAS right now is probably the Thrustmaster TWCS HOTAS. Alternatively, the VKB Gladiator MkII, either stand-alone or with a TWCS throttle. If you're budget is up in the $200-$300 range, your options open up significantly. Once you get above that you have even more options. So basically, what's your budget?
Good to know.
I'm going to assume USD. That actually gives you a few decent options. List is non-exhaustive, just off the top of my head: * X52 Pro: Older design, they've been around a while but fairly reliable. Smaller stick (good if you have small hands). I found them to have a soft spring and a bit of center slop, especially once they get a little older. Has twist function. * X56: Logitech version of the X55. Logitech improved the massive QC issues with the Saitek gear, but the stick has some inherent design issues that tend to lead to failure after a few hundred hours of hard use. Some people have had them last a long time, but some fail a lot faster. Aesthetically it's a nice looking HOTAS, IMO. Large, the buttons on the stick are very spread out. Has twist function. * CH Products HOTAS: CH Products are *old* designs. They're still using low resolution potentiometers, all the buttons are either push buttons or HAT switches (coolie, china, whatever). Don't look modern at all. Still used because they're built like brick shithouses and would survive the zombie apocalypse. After a meteor strike. That followed the nuclear war. No joke.. these suckers last *decades*. Despite the comparatively "low" tech the component quality is excellent. Throttle also has a full, proper 2-axis thumbstick (so the throttle is 3 axis instead of one). Sticks don't have twist so you require rudder pedals. VERY light throw on the stick. * Thrustmaster TWCS HOTAS: Consists of the T16000m stick with a TWCS throttle. The throttle is generally considered good quality and function for the price (I haven't used one personally). The sticks itself is a little limiting and very stiff, but it uses good quality sensors with a decent gimbal design so it's quite accurate. Has twist. Throttle also has rudder paddle thingies IIRC. Other: Mix-and-match: * VKB Gladiator stick with either a TWCS or CH Pro Throttle. * T16000m with a CH Pro Throttle. If you're planning on playing 6DoF space sims as well as flight sims the CH Throttle is the most useful, IMO, but if you're not doing 6DoF the TWCS is probably the better option. You might see the Thrustmaster HOTAS X recommended. You likely *won't* see it recommended by anyone who's actually used anything else. That's not elitism, it's objective fact. The HOTAS X is often attractive because it's so cheap. Look at the price of decent single sticks... VKB Gladiator or Cobra, Thrustmaster T16000m.. heck even the Logitech Extreme 3D Pro... now look at the price of the HOTAS X. There are ways to make a "full" HOTAS that cheap. And none of them are good. Things to Consider for Sticks: * Gimbal Design. This is the mechanism that the stick uses to connect to the base and pivot around. Cheaper sticks usually have bad designs that either have a lot of slop or tend to loosen up over time. Certain other sticks like the Thrustmaster Warthog have good sticks but poor gimbal designs that can cause issues. CH Products uses a weird pair of single axis gimbals that create a noticeable "bump" when you cross axis -some people find this annoying. Cheaper sticks also tend to suffer from a lot of axis bleed. * Sensors. The thingy that tells the computer what angle the stick and throttle are at. You mainly have potentiometres and magnetic sensors. Pots are used in almost all cheap sticks (as well as CH products sticks), and in almost everything except CH sticks, suck. Cheap pots develop spiking, drifting, and lack of centering. CH Pots generally hold up really well because they're actually good quality pots. All sticks using pots have to be recalibrated from time to time. Magnetic sensors fall in two categories: Hall Effect sensors and Magentoresistive sensors (MaRS). Thrustmaster T16000m and Thrustmaster Warthog, the X52, and X55 all use Hall sensors^1. Virpil and VPC stuff use MaRS sensors. MaRS sensors are typically more accurate for this application, but honestly all magnetic sensors are pretty damned good and vastly superior to pots from a precision standpoint. * To a large extent, cost **is** an indicator of quality. A $150 HOTAS really *is* better than a $50 one. A $500 HOTAS really *is* better than a $150 one, so on and so forth. Obviously, with everything, there's exceptions to this, but ask anyone who's gone from an X52 or X55 to a VPC or Virpil setup and they'll tell you the later is vastly superior. Remember that a joystick is an electromechanical device that will take a lot of physical abuse while gaming. Cheap ones simply aren't going to hold up as well. Generally speaking. ^1 Some of these may use POTs on the twist axis. I can't remember. A bleeding/non-centering twist axis is a royal bitch.
You know F-35s have been flying combat missions for over a year now, right?
Digital Forensics guy here. Hopefully I can shed some light on this from the investigative side. Keep in mind I can't speak for other jurisdictions. &gt;Or perhaps they’re afraid that because they sent their rapist nude photos the defense will say they consented? Valid concern, but unlikely. In Canada previous behaviour generally cannot be used against a victim in sexual assault cases. &gt; Or because they previously said on their phone they wanted to have sex with their rapist prior to their rape? Irrelevant. Consent can be removed at any time. &gt; Or because they’ve consumed media that includes rape fantasies and they’re worried that will be used against them? Depending on the defense, something like this could actually be relevant, but may not be. Typically defense would be on a very tight leash if they were barking up that tree. &gt; Or because they’ve engaged in illegal activities unrelated to the rape that they should not have to disclose to get justice? Legal authority to examine devices puts pretty hard limits on what can be examined and for what purposes. That's not to say if evidence of other criminality is stumbled upon during analysis it will be ignored, but typically it's not actioned unless its really relevant to the current investigation or particularly bad. Regardless it would require further legal authority to investigate. The bigger issue I've run into is the victim wanting to protect *other people* whom they have evidence of committing crimes. Overall though, at least in my experience, victim consent to exam devices is usually given. &gt; Or because there’s something unrelated, but potentially embarrassing on their phone that they don’t want to become public? Valid concern, I've had to deal with it a few times. Best way to deal with it is to make sure the parameters of the consent are very narrow. Search authorities (including consent) are not an "everything or nothing" item. There's lots of room for limits and parameters. &gt;If you’re still confused, perhaps you could consider that rape victims have very little reason to trust the judicial system to handle their cases sensitively and properly, based on massive amounts of examples. Sad thing is, at least in Canada, sexual assault cases have a conviction rate right in line with other violent crimes. It sits around 47%, IIRC. The media only blasts across the dozens of failures and controversial decisions... not the hundreds of successful convictions. This creates a huge perception in the general populace that these cases aren't taken seriously. They absolutely are. They're about #4 in the priority list after crimes against children, homicide, and threat to public safety. *Especially* right now in the very gender politics charged political climate. &gt;All this adds up against the idea that if they were really raped, they’ll want a conviction. Of course we want a conviction, of course we know that if it goes well it will likely provide relief. But we also know it is extremely likely to not go well, and instead to be retraumatizing. I'm not really sure how a thorough investigation about a terrible crime *won't* have a traumatizing effect of some sort. The important thing is to make alot there's an abundance of victim support available and that the entire affair is handled with empathy and respect. Unfortunately for the victim that *doesn't* mean you don't ask the hard questions. It has to be done. &gt; &gt;I’m also assuming that if you believe this is an acceptable violation of the right to privacy, the accused should also have to turn over their phone, right? That's what a search warrant is for. But you need grounds to get that warrant. A person pointing at another person and saying "s/he raped me" isn't sufficient. Getting the victim's device helps form a nexus between the victim and accused that, when combined with other evidence, may be enough to get a warrant. There's another factor to consider too. And it's one a lot of people are very uncomfortable talking about: Victims lie, or don't give the whole story. Now, people will read that and probably assume I mean "false accusation". I don't (and in the 10 years I've been doing this job I can count the number of false accusations I've worked on using one hand). But it is not all that uncommon for victims to deliberately omit information they give to investigators. Many times with no malicious intent, but a lie of omission is still a lie. And a victim not being frank and completely truthful is a surefire way to tank a prosecution. It can also cause other investigative issues, like paying attention to details that aren't relevant or not paying attention to ones that are. And if a victim does it multiple times (not common but not unheard of) the victim then becomes an unreliable witness, which again makes prosecution much more difficult. I've worked on cases we've basically dropped after a year of investigation because nobody involved would give us the whole truth. If investigators have a complete picture (figuratively speaking), that problem is greatly reduced.
Digital Forensics (Canada) here. With phones, we generally image the entire phone because it's exceptionally difficult not to, by nature of the way phones work. With computers it's much easier to do a targeted acquisition, but we still like to image the entire drive for the reasons you mentioned. Now... none of that means we have to *examine* everything. And we generally don't. We do like you mentioned, actually looking at the stuff we're interested in.
This is already done. Here courts actually really frown on overly broad searches. The only time I've ever seen a blanket consent form is in the case where the victim is dead and consent was given by the NoK.
&gt;I get what you’re saying. But there’s a difference between having to provide relevant evidence and having to turn over all the data on your phone to have your rape case prosecuted. I mean, just to think of a common example, what if they used their phone to buy weed? This is a chicken-and-egg problem. Victims aren't investigators and they aren't prosecutors. They don't know the relevance of any data they have. Investigators and prosecutors don't know what's on the phone until they see it, so they can't be expected to ask for "only the relevant stuff" when they literally have no idea what exists. This is a reason why it's *so* important for victims to be fully and completely honest with investors. If the investigators have a good idea what's available, they can tailor the consent to that. Which also limits the data that gets turned over to defense. &gt; &gt;You say no one condones rape. It’s true, no one would likely say “I think rape is excellent.” But what they do instead is find ways to say victims (male and female) were asking for it, or to cast doubt on their claims based on other sexual behavior. Or they distract everyone with the very few cases of men being falsely accused to convince everyone that’s the real threat. These tactics do, in their effects, condone rape. This is literally the job of the defence. If any of those tactics actually work, that means they created reasonable doubt. Though some of that (like previous sexual behaviour) is generally off limits unless defence can draw a nexus to it.
&gt;In this comment you say police can't have any limits on the search or they won't know what to look for. In the next you say it's all fine because courts really frown on overly broad searches. So which is it? Is police search power limited or not? Well, you're partially right, I probably could have worded that better. However you're partially wrong because you're leaving zero room for nuance. I thought I had articulated that aspect but maybe I didn't do a good job of it. Multiple times in your comments you seem to be making the assumption that it's always an *all or nothing* take on digital evidence when in fact it's a massive sliding scale. Whatever limits the victim wants can be placed on consent. That can range from "this one text message sent at this time between these two people" to "all communication between these parties" and everything in between and even more. What I was getting at is that its not reasonable for investigators to be that laser precise in asking for data when they don't even know it exists, but likewise you can't expect the victim to make evidentiary calls on their data. What you have to do is strike a balance between the victim releasing as much data as they're comfortable with as well as the investigators getting the most amount of potentially relevant data. This is why it's so important for victims to be honest with investigators. Where courts frown on it is when investigators ask for and examine data they can't articulate a need for. When a search warrant enters into the equation things change a bit. &gt; &gt;Investigators and prosecutors know how people reasonably use their phones; they're not aliens. They also have phones. Just like before phones they knew what questions to ask of victims and others involved, they know generally what to look for on the phone. Or are you suggesting that police are sitting and poring over every file individually? Because that's insane. No, they're using algorithms to search for what's relevant, they're searching specific file types, etc. They've already narrowed it in their process, why not be upfront about that? Ok, as someone who actually does this for a living, I'll tell you how it's done. Yes, we use automation to narrow the scope. For brevity I'll limit my explanation to a couple of data types and scenarios. The first thing we eliminate is known irrelevant data. This is usually done by using the NSRL lists as well as some other methods (like data location on the device). Usually this gets rid of 25%-35% of the data on devices. Next, we'll usually filter by broad data types, such as multimedia or communications. After that we start to get a little more specific. Depending on the data types we may filter by dates, sent/recieved parties involved if applicable, etc. Some types if data like pictures and video you simply can't get any more granular than that. That usually leaves you with a subset of potentially relevant data. At that point you're into keyword searching, and yes... literally reading each and every text, reading each email, looking at each picture and watching each video that falls within your general parameters. Why is this done? Because **you can't automate context**. You can have a conversation of 1,000 text messages between two people over a period of two months, with only a dozen speaking to potential state of mind over that period, but you can't automate the search for those. Finding those takes good old fashioned grunt work. Obviously if the victim can point you to an exact message, video, picture, or very narrow time period that's much easier. But often they can't (or won't). Also, on the technical side, you have to be aware of the fact that how a device displays to the user through an app or the OS is often very obfuscated from how that data is stored on the device. Many times you simply can't do an automated search for that data.
That first article is 100% out of date and pretty close to 100% bullshit. You physically cannot copy all the data off a smart phone in two minutes. It's not possible. Hell, you can't even copy most of the data off a dumb phone in 2 minutes. I'm trying to remember how we did this back in 2011.. don't think we were even using UFEDs for iPhones. They were imaged directly through PA.. and it took more than 2 minutes.
&gt; . This is compounded by the sheer unlikeliness of being about to secure a conviction and it all being for nothing. Only 5% of cases that go to court can be proved sufficiently well to secure a conviction. You're not *technically* wrong, but I really, really, REALLY hate that 5% stat. The reason I hate it is because it's 5% of those *accused*, not 5% of those *charged*. You'll notice that sexual assault is literally the *only* crime where the stat used is accused and not charged. While it varies by jurisdiction, when you change that to *charged*, it goes up to 47% (in Canada). That puts it in line with other violent crime like physical assault and homicide.
Telcos rarely keep any content data anymore.
&gt; I cant think of any reason they would need my phone other then to discourage me from reporting. There's actually several very good reasons for it: to verify the integrity of the original evidence, to speak to the integrity of the acquisition of that evidence through proper forensic process, and to satisfy the best evidence rule.
Seriously. Absolutely *nothing* we've seen from this Government gives any indication *at all* that they would even entertain the idea of less spending.
Easy in Run8, any train can be AI controlled. Though you still have to manually dispatch.
&gt; Why is there a group of people hellbent on wanting so badly for there to be systemic racism in Canada? Because our current political climate panders to special interest groups for things like recognition, funding, and special initiatives. It's literally created the victimhood olympics where the groups that shout the loudest about mistreatment, misfortunes, societal barriers, etc. get more recognition.
&gt; They got re-elected Reduced to minority Government. You know how often in Canadian politics a majority first term government doesn't get a majority second term? It's *exceptionally rare*. As in.. it's happened less than 5 times. Ever.
[Evochron Legacy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/398170/Evochron_Legacy/) [Some random jobs in Evochron](https://youtu.be/feICTnthipg)
Sweet, that can be added to the ships that spawn without weapons and ships that spawn without engines.
That's always my first thought when people are like "all the interactions I've had with cops have been terrible." Uh, why are you having so many interactions with police? 90% of the population has zero reason to have any real interactions with police on a day to day basis. If one interacts with cops frequently, and they're all assholes... the cops may not be the problem.... just say'n.
Not really the same comparison though. Sims DLC basically adds core functionality to the game. Simulator DLC (whether we're talking Train Sim or something like IL-2 or DCS) adds *variety* to the core functionality, it doesn't change the core or add to it. If the base train game has an SD40-2, you're not missing parts of the SD40 without the DLC. The unit is fully functional, the included routes are fully functional. The DLC doesn't add functionality to either that was absent in the core game.. it adds completely new stuff. And frankly there is zero reason to own even half of it unless you're *really* interested in that area. I have no desire to drive a train through the Swiss Alps, and buying that DLC adds nothing to my SD40 driving through the Canadian rockies... so why would I buy it? In the Sims 4, every piece of DLC changes the way the core game is played. EDIT: No, I'm not saying The Sims DLC is worth it, see my response below.
I think the argument is that Sims DLC is massively overpriced for what it adds. I play both Sims 3 and 4 and tend to agree. DLC that adds a few nicknacks and animations is almost as expensive as the base game in some cases.
Not really the same comparison. Simulator DLC adds variety, not core functionality. There's nothing missing from the "base" game in simulators that's added by DLC.
I picked up a bunch of Sims 3 stuff way back when it was on Steam years ago on deep sale. I think I got the base game and a bunch of expansions for &lt; $100. I play it on Origin so I've bought some addons on sale on Origin as well. Sims 4 I picked up around release on Origin and I think I've bought 2 addons on sale since then. I've occasionally bought some more Sims 3 stuff on sale. I haven't touched most of the Sims 4 addons because to me the value just isn't there.
I'm typically an RTS/Simulator gamer.. The Sims was a little out to left field for me, I think I picked it up on the recommendation of a friend (who does solid game recommendations). Found I enjoyed it enough, especially once I discovered mods for it. I actually got 4 first, and then got 3 on sale and I find I play 3 more than 4.
What? That's... not what I said at all. That's completely opposite of what I said. (EDIT: After reading my post through a few times though, I can see how you might have interpreted it that way. See my response below:) The common trope to post about Train Simulator and other simulators like DCS is to circlejerk about the cost of the DLC. Gamers have this very weird issue where they think that their game experience is incomplete unless they own *everything* to do with the game. Games like The Sims play on that by making expensive DLC that adds core functionality to the game, even if it's very basic. Simulator Games and simulator players don't suffer from that. Their experience with the planes/trains they like isn't missing anything core to the operation of that plane/train/route. So the only reason to buy other DLC is because you actually want the variety, not because your core game is missing something. If train simulators were like The Sims it would be like buying the base game and the SD40-2 not having dynamic brakes... you'd have to buy "Stop Just in Time!" addon for $40 to get dynamic brake functionality.
And you can prefer what you want and decide whether or not the cost is worth it, but the initial comparison to simulator games isn't equivalent. The DLC models are not the same.
&gt; I remember paying for a Microsoft flight simulator radio add on to add more radio functionality. Microsoft addon or a third party addon? If it's a microsoft addon I'd somewhat see your point.. but if you're talking about a 3rd party developer creating content, it's not the same comparison, and would actually be closer to Train Simulator since a ton of its content is 3rd party and not created by DTG. AFAIK there's no Sims 4 DLC that isn't created by EA.
IMO Trudeau just pays lip service to science though. He only uses it when it directly suits his agenda, otherwise he freely ignores it. I actually wish Harper moved more toward the center during his tenure.. overall he was a more competent leader than Trudeau. He handled some things a lot better. Trudeau is just as ideological -just in the other direction. I think Harper's other problem is there were still a bunch of conservative hardliners in the party he couldn't ignore. This was one of my concerns with Scheer, I wasn't convinced he'd be able to reign them in. I know Harper himself was fairly conservative but the man also wasn't an idiot. He did kind of phone it in during his last term though.
If TESV is someone's first ES game, they probably really like it -mechanically and otherwise. Skyrim was probably the first massive, open SP RPG an entire generation of gamers played. I'd hazard less than a quarter of TESV players had played both Oblivion and Morrowind first. And if you go into SKyrim with zero reference points, it really is a very impressive game. Once you start peeling the shine away though, some flaws appear. First, when compared to TESIV and especially TESIII, Skyrim is actually quite shallow. Many of the mechanics have been dumbed down or removed entirely. A guy did a good [half hour long video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JweTAhyR4o0) on this topic back in 2012 so I won't harp on it more here. Second, Skyrim has some real design problems. Mainly with the UI. It is absolutely fucking *terrible* for using on a PC (specifically with a mouse). And the only real explanation for it is Bethesda got lazy. The UI wastes tons of space, is clunky as fuck, and only moderately responsive. It was literally one of the very first mods to come out for the game, less than 30 days after release -someone figured out they could mod it using the xml files (Skyrim's UI is a big xml form) and improved it 10-fold. The UI is the most glaring but it's not the only one. Third, the quest design in Skyrim just... sucks. Almost all the faction quests are boring and uninspired. The main questline is just.. mediocre. And radiant quests are incredibly samey. Combined all this with things mentioned in the above video and it's really just a mediocre experience when compared to other TES games. Fourth, the game is buggy as fuck. It also had some engine problems (like the 256 MB RAM bug) that *modders* fixed (Sheson's memory patch -later incorporated into SKSE). This problem caused hard crashes or hangs even in unmodded games (I generally don't fault developers for crashes and bugs caused by mods, as they have little control over that). Another is the high framerate physics bugs. Not unique to Skyrim and not unheard of in games of that era, but it's one of the things that shows the age of the engine. Same with the lack of non-transition ladders. The closed city thing that appeared in Oblivion was done to get around memory limitations on console systems.. and it *sucks*. Cities in Morrowind felt so much larger than anything in Skyrim, and again, this is a technical limitation. Fifth, the world feels dead. What I mean to that is there's almost no reaction from anyone to anything you do or become. Like.. you can be head of the mage's College and you still have scrubs talking to you the exact same way they did when you were... a scrub. Nothing in the world ever changes. Oblivion suffered from this as well but not to the same extent, IMO. Graphically the game is mediocre at best. Even for when it came out, I remember being disappointed with it. The stock textures especially are just terrible. While the graphics in Oblivion were worse due to age, I actually think the overall aesthetic was *better* than Skyrim. Same with Morrowind. I love the game for it's modding potential.. my Skyrim install is hardly recognizable as a base game (I tried Skyrim VR recently and forgot just how horrid the stock UI is -I've been using a modded UI for 7 years). But the game has some flaws. EDIT: Something else I want to add which isn't directly related to Skyrim: Bethesda just doesn't seem to grasp *how much* their games depend on the PC modding community. Like, I have no doubt there's some people at Beth who think Skyrim is still being played so heavily because they made such a *great* and *amazing* game.. and not due in huge part to the *massive* modding community that's dedicated almost a decade to unfucking their bug-ridden mess and expanding their game to make it far more fun and individually unique than it was on release. The whole paid mod fiasco, IMO, just shows how much disdain Beth has for the community that literally keeps its games alive. Add onto that the wanton disregard and lack of thought with regards to its implementation, and It's impossible for some of that blowback to not effect peoples' opinions of Skyrim.
That's... not how shortcut icons work. Rainmeter is a massive resource hog.
If your computer is having problems loading shortcut icons, you've got other problems. What you describe would be a symptom, not the cause.
You're not wrong, though the modding market certainly helps. Bethesda had stated a few years ago (I can't remember the exact year -it was prior to console modding) that 50% of their sales were on PC. We're not talking about a small chunk of sales. I also have no doubt that opening the game to console modding also resulted in a large uptick in sales on console systems.
It's [likely] not a hardware or bandwidth issue. Any chance you've got your hard drive chock full? Do you get the same issue without Rainmeter?
Yea I know.. I just don't have the patience to do it right now. Didn't find it good enough in VR to justify it.
&gt;Because the Judicial Power is broken. In October the SCC ruled that for 30 years judges had been issuing too lenient of sentencing all across the board. Do you a case reference for that? I'd like to read it. &gt;Whenever politicians try to fix it it backfires. Harper was not only criticized by the Opposition parties for trying to introduce mandatory minimums, the damn SCC itself ruled that those sentences constituted cruel and unusual punishment. The issue for the SCC was the removal of judicial discretion. &gt;Canada is soft as fuck on crime and these are the consequences. Yea, agree with that for the most part.
&gt; Some jobs, everyone needs to be good, like pilots That's a shit example. The vast majority of aircraft accidents are CFIT . That means the pilot fucked up. I say that as a former flight instructor.
&gt; Also, I bought a CH setup myself a while ago and I’m kind of baffled that more sticks don’t ship with trim wheels. They’re really handy. Actually, you're not supposed to use them at all anymore. CH sticks were originally designed with trim wheels because a lot of games back in the DOS days didn't have robust calibration -it would calibrate for center and opposite X/Y corners and that's it, so you couldn't calibrate out off-axis drift. The trim wheels on CH sticks physically move the potentiometres in relation to the stick gimbal to compensate. Current (as of 12 years ago) advice from CHP is to centre the trim wheels and use either CH control manager or Vjoy or similar software solution to re-calibrate. The wheels were not intended for and were not designed as aircraft trim wheels. Messing with them can throw your stick out of calibration and also give you asymmetric axis response.
The two Victorville locals are probably my favorite trains to run in this game.
Before replacing the pots I'd just make sure the crimp connections on them haven't come loose.
If people are running around shooting shit they 100% should get criminal records.. and none of this stupid out on bail for violent crimes shit.
Here's part of the problem, and I don't know how to solve this. Many cops don't like bad cops, and you have to remember that working most platoons isn't like what you see on TV where there's 50 cops standing around all the time. An officer can be out somewhere, see misconduct from another officer... and there's nobody else around. So if that officer is reported, s/he will know exactly who reported it. This becomes problematic a few weeks/months later when the officer that reported the misconduct needs backup, potentially in a life threatening situation, and the other officer around is the one who s/he reported on. Ironically, one of the only solutions I can see is increase funding to get more officers on the road.
I agree, even 1 is too many. But Canadian police conduct multiple hundreds of thousands of wellness checks a year. That's not an exaggeration. Not even a tenth of a percent end up in any kind of violent altercation at all. There's always room for improvement, but lets not lose perspective here.
I think you need to expand your train simulators horizons there friend... TSW isn't the only "proper" train sim out there and its by no means the best.
Depends on the game, it's a real broad spectrum. Having 3 additional buttons on the mouse helps a ton depending on the game.. things can be bound to interact functions, reloads in FPS, whatever. Anything involving flying a full HOTAS changes everything. Not having to touch the keyboard for 99% of the game is amazing. Other things the ability to macro keys via a series of keystrokes or scripts, while not game changers, certainly increases the QoL.
I used to do internal investigations for the Ontario government. It's actually not hard to fire a union employee.. the problem is bad managers. You can't fire someone on a whim (good thing), they actually need to have a documented history of performance issues and opportunities to correct it. This is also a good thing -it gives employees who have training deficits or other correctable problems an opportunity to improve, saving the taxpayer money on retraining a new employee, and it also gives you solid documentation on a really bad employee who you can now dismiss without risk. I did quite a few investigations that resulted in the dismissal of unionized employees, and one that actually resulted in a change to OPS hiring policy. The problem is managers don't want to go through that effort. They don't want to have to meet with the employee, they don't want to develop a performance plan, they don't want to provide more training (if that's the issue), etc. etc. They want to proceed right to dismissal because it's the path of least resistance. And when they can't they blame the unions. The steps in policing look different but the narrative is similar. You can get rid of bad cops, but it requires management to actually do their damned job. Unfortunately much like the CF it's often easier to transfer or promote someone (both those issues have been recognized by the OPP and they're currently taking steps to change the internal hiring process so it doesn't happen). There's another issue you have to consider too though -you don't want line officers to be under the impression that it's easy to be severely disciplined. This results in police that aren't willing to put themselves in risky situations. I'd be amazed if you could find a career officer that didn't, at some point, have a complaint for excessive force filed against them during their career. Cops get complaints all the time from people they arrest for a variety of things, and the vast majority are bullshit. If you want it easier for severe discipline against cops, you're going to get cops that are more risk averse. This is another reason the union backs them so heavily and why cops aren't generally personally liable. Cops actually lose hours (basically pay gets docked) for even seemingly minor things, even stuff that doesn't even involve the public. PSB decisions aren't made public though so the general public just thinks cops get away with everything.
In Canada the accused has the right to decide whether or not they want a judge-only trial or trial by jury.
As funny as this was I actually stopped playing on GAW for a while because the FF was so bad, between this and the F-18s lobbing Amraams into a furball (I primarily fly Mirage so every engagement I'm in is a furball lol)
Youtube is zero compensation for a good written manual.
Before I had DCS on an SSD my first mission load times were about 10 minutes for multiplayer. DCS really benefits from an SSD, but even on a platter drive that seems like an excessive load time. What's the rest of your computer stats? And what kind of hard drive is it installed on? (some desktop HDDs are actually only 5,400 RPM drives)
So what are your specs?
&gt;But it is the only one with decent graphics and European content lol, no, it isn't. &gt; but it only has shitty American routes. Fine if you don't want American sims, but the routes in Run8 are pretty awesome. I'm pretty sure it's the only simulator with working hump yards and one of only two simulators with interactive industries (aside from Derail Valley), aside from that some of the routes are quite challenging. TSW looks pretty bug it's bug-ridden and uses it's own laws of physics for trains.
What's with the attitude?
Really enjoy the SD70ACe. The sounds those things make is just incredible. Also enjoy the classic EMD units on small trains.
"Graphics" is subjective, so I'll let you judge that. Generally as the quality of the simulator goes up the graphics tend to go down -otherwise you end up with something like DCS that hogs a supercomputer. ZuSi is a simulator used by actual railroads for driver training. EEP is another German one that I've looked into, though I'm not sure where it sits on the simulation perspective. TRS2019 looks great and has some very good content from most continents. I've only dabbled in the North American stuff as far as simulation is concerned, and it's not bad.. better than most Train Simulator stuff but not up to Run8 standards. If graphics are your primary measuring stick you're not going to find anything that matches TSW... TSW just falls short in many other respects. You've also got Loksim and BVE.. it's been over a decade since I've played BVE so I'm not sure what its non-Japanese content is like these days. Haven't played Loksim. Diesel Railcar Simulator IIRC is set in Britain and is very well regarded.
Also worth noting, from a Physics standpoints, TSW is the equivalent of the SFM AI planes in DCS, whereas ZuSi is the PFM.
If you just got your first career job, remember that you don't know shit. There's a possibility that you're working with people who have been doing that job longer than you've been alive. There's probably reasons they do things the way they do. Listen to them. Learn from them. Never, *ever* wave your credentials around in front of those people.
Yea, I was playing once with human AWACS control, flying my Mirage. A hornet decided to hang with me and lob a 120 at everything I was vectored to. Annoyed the hell out of me. Played for two hours and ended up landing with a full weapons load.
I was on course a couple of years ago with an RCMP guy from Sask. He was an accident reconstruction guy but did a lot of patrol work too. He was telling me one night he was out alone in northern Sask.. the nearest officer to him was over 50 Km away. There were two of them covering 500 Sq. Km of territory for the majority of a 12 hour shift. *That* is how understaffed the RCMP is.
Problem with flying the Mirage that way is your fuel. Down low you're burning almost 40 kilos a minute. That drops to just over 20 at 35,000'. With a centerline tank the bird only carries 4,100 (off the top of my head). Also down low the absolute max effective range of the 530s is well inside 10 miles, more like the 6-8 range. Up high moving at 0.92 mach you can stretch that range a bit and the 530s will hit nearly mach 5. It's a gamble though getting that close against Fox 3 armed opponents.
It can. Of course at full power it also blinds your own radar.
&gt;. Let’s start with the ones on indefinite paid suspension. The list isn’t short, and it’s a hefty line item on the budget. Really? Show me that list.
Police don't have high death and injury rates because of good training and proper equipment, not because they're seldom in those situations.
You sound like you have no idea what the selection process is like to be a police officer in Canada. The process is pretty involved and *a lot* of applicants don't make it through. IIRC for the OPP it's something like 20% of applicants actually make it through to start training at OPC.
If it's paid duties it's paid for by the company requiring it, not taxpayers.
I've had my TIR a few years now, still works perfectly. No complaints.
Interesting.
THIS JUST IN! CANADA ISN'T THE USA! NEWS AT 11:00!
&gt; but to believe that we can't and shouldn't learn from the states is moronic. Just plain moronic. Jesus dude, nobody in this entire thread suggested that.
I've been tempted to get into CAV for that reason.. But yea lack of opponents means it isn't going to happen.
No, I work forensics.
&gt; &gt;At the end of the day, do your research. If your serious about hotas.. head over to r/hotas or r/hoggit. A bunch of flight simmer there that knows what their talking about. ... and almost none will recommend the 3D pro lol.
100%. First full HOTAS system I got (still use it on occasion) is a CH Products one. Old but reliable with awesome software. I still use the CH Throttle for space sims because of the thumb microstick. After playing DCS more I wanted something more precise, and upgraded to a Virpil Moongoose throttle and a WarBRD with a CM2 stick, and holy shit, that stick is just in a whole different league. It and TrackIR are the two best peripherals I bought for my computer. Still rocking my CH pedals, will upgrade them eventually. Now granted, I play multiple flight and space sims including DCS, which really benefits from a good HOTAS. But yea. A good HOTAS will last years. No regrets.
&gt; i stopped reading after you spouting out virpil, thinking virpil and t16km is on the same level.. lol I never said that even once. Maybe if you actually read the rest of my post instead of deliberately misrepresenting it in a poor attempt at dismissal you would have picked up on the context? You know, like in the *very next sentence* where I talk about the importance of *stick precision* in DCS? (something you say doesn't matter) by comparing a stick that has *worse* precision than a 3D Pro to one that has significantly better precision than a 3D Pro (like the T16k), again, in a game you say precision doesn't matter in. Just a thought.
&gt; You don't need that in a space sim. Well.. need? Probably not.. but I do love having the analog thumbstick on the throttle for horizontal and vertical translation.
