We do our shopping at both 10-Box and Kroger. Some things are cheaper at one, some at the other. When we started this, it involved a clipboard and checklists to determine where to get what. We also get some things from Sam's Club, mostly paper products and breakfast foods.
I've only lived in AR for 10 years, and Vilonia's been flattened twice by tornadoes in that time. I hope your new house has a safe room.
Tell a trusted teacher or school counselor. They are all mandatory reporters.
Used to be. Then they decided to bring in shootouts...
Can you look into FMLA?
Why can't you just mail him the check?
You can report a suspected crime to the police.
Hyperventilating at the vet so bad I could barely tell them what I wanted done with the remains. It was not pretty.
In America, it does mean butt. In England, it's a slang term similar to "pussy".
My parents have owned several rental properties for more than 30 years. I remember one who let his dogs use the potty in the basement - and he didn't clean it up.
I like the islands. I like trying to get loot from them.
Hi! I'm also in AR and once broke down at wal-mart, though it wasn't clothing related. I'd just done an IUI cycle, was positive it failed (it did!) and was buying a pregnancy test to confirm it. And despite going thru the self-checkout, some bitch employee comes up and is all "You're having a baby! Congrats!" and I totally lost it.
I live here now, but I'm from MI originally. I mostly get amused when y'all panic over this.
One of our teachers in HS was arrested for embezzling from the football team.
Mine never showed up until the lap, but the symptoms were severe despite it being stage 1. And honestly, I think it has come back based on symptoms, but I doubt I can afford another lap right now to find out.
HIPAA violations result in fines, but that money doesn't go to the victim.
I do hope you reported that as a bug!
Unfortunately, I don't have much of a drive at all. But we cuddle every night, and he's remarkably patient since I know his drive is a lot higher.
Last ER doc I saw was *sure* I was just anxious. One CT later and "Oh, you have pneumonia!" Three nights inpatient. ER docs can be wrong. And they really should listen more.
Disappointed, sure. But he knows it's not about him.
Fyi, you can die from that. Saw a case on Dr. G.
You can call the police non-emergency line and report vandalism.
Possibly it could be. But do you know who did it? Is there any proof of who did it? I can't picture the police actually investigating this one unless someone has it on video or something.
Hunter.
I started reporting players who are standing on the table on their big-ass mounts. Maybe a vacation will make griefing less fun.
that's not an addon.
Rogues are yellow. Did you mean monk?
My PCP sent me over to the ER, and speaking too much was triggering bronchial spasms. When a *doctor* sends someone to the ER, the ER doc needs to listen.
You don't need proof. It isn't your job to get proof. If you have a *reasonable suspicion* then you call.
I was literally AT my doctor's office when they sent me to the ER. She even wanted to call an ambulance, but I had her call my family instead.
I don't know that'd I'd call our house "haunted", but there *is* a ghost that comes thru now and then. Oddest thing I saw was I watched my ball cap come flying off a shelf right in front of me. Only happened the one time. Hubby has seen other things move on occasion, but the ghost doesn't seem interested in scaring us, just saying hi now and then.
Or weekly.
Not true. I did them on a toon that couldn't even do the warfront last week being below 320.
Renter's insurance can also have liability coverage. Mine does.
I only did it on one, and I killed rares on... 10?
Whatever you do, don't get an Acer.
I've done several now (lots of toons). 5kg, titan residuum, xmog, and AP are what I've gotten so far.
I feel you. Several years ago I took my vet-hating GSD to the vet, and they kept him for x-rays. Then later that night they called... He'd died from a massively enlarged heart combined with the sedative he needed to be worked with. And the last he ever saw of his family was me walking away leaving him in a place he hated.
He was only about 5 years old :( But it was several years ago, and we have other dogs.
How's a cone going to help? Those are meant to prevent the animal licking at a wound, but this time the wound is on his mouth.
I'm a woman and I even wear a cup. (Ok, pelvic protector, but same idea).
Ok, I also have OCD and play wow (yes, diagnosed). What I want to know is, are you on any meds? Because your routine seems excessive, even to me.
I haven't had any issues. I love islands, was doing them even before the recent changes.
Hmm, they have me on luvox. I'm very nearly normal on that.
So, go to those areas and learn that expansion's cooking skill.
The problem with disc priest is, a lot of noobs don't realize that you heal *by doing damage*. So their thought process is something like "healer is dpsing, not healing, better kick them" when the truth is they just don't know that's how it works. Try making yourself a macro that says something like "I'm a disc priest. Disc priests heal by dpsing. I promise, I'm healing you." and click that macro every time you zone in.
No, why should it? Both factions can get Highmountain rep and both factions can gain Army of the Light rep.
Allow the surviving dog to see/sniff the deceased dog's body. Otherwise, he/she will wonder where the dog has gone, and be looking for it.
One month? That pup should still be with her mother.
Or maybe they don't want you to tell admin because they will get in trouble?
I looked at her pic and thought "Smokey"
Not in Conway, but we *might* have a vacancy in Mayflower.
WTF did I just read?
Down 365, kinda between Mayflower and Maumelle. They are duplexes.
&gt; hey will harass me until I finally say we can meet somewhere. "No." is a complete sentence. Then hang up and block them.
Yeah, this is the beginning of an OCD compulsion. Do not recommend.
I had a dryer issue not long ago, and the problem was in the outlet it was plugged in to. Was running, but not heating. Try plugging your dryer into a different outlet if you can.
My vote is for the long wall.
If I remember right, you actually do need a lawyer in AR to evict. My parents are landlords, and they had to evict the same tenant twice because of the law change - the first one they didn't use a lawyer to do it, but the law changed somehow before the tenant left, so they had to pay a lawyer.
Had a student once named "Mister Messiah". Pretty sure that's the worst.
My bestie has a nephew named Lincoln (also white). What's wrong with it?
So, it's not possible that someone has that name who isn't in the US? Not everyone in the world has a SSN.
You don't have any emergency vets within driving distance? Bull.
I made... *one* comment.
Best place for a piercing is at a tattoo/piercing parlor. Yes, even for children's ears. Those piercing guns at the mall aren't very well sterilized.
I think you mean half-sister, not step. Unless the one cat's mom married the other cat's dad, or vice versa. And cats don't usually get married.
Good doggie! I used to have a GSD who I'm convinced saved our house from a burglary when we weren't home. My friend was pet-sitting, and found a note from the cops on our door about barking. When I got home not long after, I found the window screen cut. Gee, wonder what that barking was about?
No. I like purple.
These people should meet *my* cat. Whatever room I'm in, she *has* to be there. She's currently sitting on the footrest of the recliner I'm sitting in.
Not sure where you are, but here we've been off for a week already.
Given your financial situation, have you tried asking the hospital billing department about charity care or a discount?
Doesn't look Masonic to me, at all. My Dad has a lot of Mason stuff.
Pretty!
I was at the game where Vladdie first came back to the Joe. Round 3, Game 4, '98. Never heard such a loud place in my life when they showed him on the scoreboard. I brought a welcome back sign, and my picture with it was in the Free Press and is in their "Believe" book with all the articles from the playoffs.
My parents just got Windstream and they seem to like it. I don't know any details though.
I can't speak to NC, but when I changed mine it was just a matter of filling in a petition I downloaded from the internet and taking it to the county clerk and paying a fee. A week later I look up my case online and it was granted. Of course, then comes the fun part of informing everyone/thing in your life of your new name.
That I spend the vast majority of my time naked.
I find it highly unlikely that Mark *threatened* Pauley. Had stern words, maybe. I also think whatever her issues are, it's ruined the show. Even before she left, the lack of Gibbs/Abby interaction was just...wrong. Did his dog hurt someone? Yeah, that probably happened. And I expect he made extra sure to keep the dog confined after that, even if it was still technically there (in his trailer, I'd guess). This much fuss over a dog bite that didn't even happen to her though... something's clearly wrong, but I don't think it's wrong with Mark.
Not really, since the only thing I'm wearing at the moment is my fuzzy slipper socks.
I substitute teach (though I have a license) and I'm working on that right now. Can't wait till it's finally written off.
I am on an IBR, using a student loan consolidation service - they are the ones who said I qualify. If worst comes to absolute worst, I could possibly sue them for taking my money to manage this under false pretenses or something.
If you do IUI, you get your first US while bleeding, so I daresay they are used to it. Just let them know about it.
Thanks. I teach (well, sub) so I work with kids all the time anyway. I know these kids will come with...challenges...but they deserve a chance.
This sounds like an ice cream shop near where I grew up. You aren't in Michigan by any chance?
My grandfather went AWOL for a short time during WWII. While absent, his unit was deployed - and every last one was killed. He survived because he was AWOL. And this was before my father was conceived, so neither of us would be here today if he'd followed the rules!
Love it.
Was subbing in a fourth grade classroom and some of the kids were acting rather suspiciously with a book. So, naturally, I had to take a look at said book. Opened it up to a random page and encountered what was basically hardcore porn. *Fourth grade*.
WOW!
You can leave your phone at home.
My mother was a pediatrician, chief of her division at a major children's hospital. She was on a transatlantic flight when the call came out. Rather tiredly she came forward. Another passenger was feeling ill. Mom had to decide if they should divert and land, or keep going. Situation wasn't life-threatening so she told them that the person wouldn't be any less ill on the ground and to just keep going.
I gave my cat a bath once. She didn't exactly *like* it, but she didn't try to scratch or bite - just tried to get on my shoulder. She'd done something where the whole dang cat smelled rather like pee, and since she likes to pretend she's a scarf... well, a bath was required.
My cat is the same. If there's a rug or clothing or something on the floor, she *will* pee on it. Our only rugs now are in the bathrooms, and we keep those doors closed.
Funny. I have a cat. I also have spiders. My cat must be defective.
As someone strongly considering adopting from foster care, it's good to see the bond you have. :)
I sure hope so. That you're right, I mean.
I actually really enjoy subbing. I get all the fun parts of teaching (that is, the kids and the actual teaching part) and none of the paperwork.
Beats me, honestly. I don't want to earn too much or I'll have actually start paying my student loans. We have enough to get by, do we need more than that?
Only go to in on your 120 for xmog gear.
Those look suspiciously like baby rabbits, not rats.
This is the South. Did you expect anything better?
You're welcome here, of course, and sorry you have to deal with this crap. I'm sorry any of us have to deal with this crap.
My cycles are getting shorter. I have a sneaking suspicion that this is perimenopause starting. Fuck.
I haven't had a treatment cycle in ages, tbh. Do you suppose it could be linked to losing weight?
Well, that's more hopeful at least. I'm repeating my day 3 and 21 testing this cycle, so hopefully that will give me some more info about where I'm at.
Not really. White is easier to bleach if it gets stained.
I see. I'm looking at the kids who have already been cleared for adoption. Well, it won't be for a couple years yet anyway, we need to move first, because I want a sibling group and we only have one spare room here.
Call animal control. It doesn't matter if the dog *has* an owner, the owner is not there with the dog and it's loose and out of control. Maybe the owner will start restraining their dog if he gets fined for it.
Never give permission. Even if you know you're innocent.
DRW: By boat.
There's usually a time limit, this probably won't work now.
I had a similar issue with my dentist recently, where they said they filed a claim and the insurance swore they never got it. It was solved after a *lot* of back and forth calls when the insurance said that if the dentist's office could provide proof that they had filed in a timely manner, they'd be able to look at it. I gave that info to my dentist's office, they sent proof to the insurance, and finally it was paid. If that fails, talk to the billing department at your ortho and bring a copy of the contract that said they'd bill both insurances. Request proof that they did so.
Unless you go through an actual sperm bank, you're going to be on the hook for child support - no matter what you have her sign. This is a very bad idea.
I traveled to Spain at age 15 and was able to drink in the bars with no trouble. It depends on the country you are going to.
Yes! This is what it turned out to be. Never had this particular thing happen before.
How? On a mount you don't hit the jellies, if you use the circle to launch you, you get dismounted.
It seems to come from one of the random building projects that go on each day. So no, it won't be there every day.
Don't you mean a *Hoppy* New Year?
Fyi, possum's can't get rabies.
NTA, it's *your* head. If your mom likes long hair so much, she can grow hers. My parents also liked my hair long, I was so glad when they finally realized it was on my head and I should have it how I wanted it.
I keep my eyes closed.
Either when a nearly EF5 tornado jumped over my residence, or when I had flu/pneumonia and the doctors were telling me I was just anxious.
I strongly advise dumping all the weed before leaving Colorado. You do *not* want to be caught with that stuff in Texas.
Common sense gets a lot less common when people are drunk.
NTA and I suggest getting a new vet. And none of my dogs ever had baby teeth pulled because new ones are coming in, this doesn't sound like a normal thing to do.
Health care.
Slytherin. I don't have the work ethic to be a Hufflepuff, though I have the loyalty. I read as much as any Ravenclaw and got good grades, but never studied a day in my life. And finally I have more sense than to rush headlong into danger like a daring Gryffindor. But I have Slytherin ambition, cunning, and laziness. And bitchiness, when needed.
The loss of common sense doesn't automatically make one an asshole. It simply means one is drunk and therefore possessed of impaired judgement. FYI, I don't get drunk at all.
I lol'd at BATELF.
Star in circle is a pentacle, actually. A five-pointed star all by itself is a pentagram.
NTA for considering it, but you would be if you did it against her wishes and without her consent. FWIW, I agree with you. My mother was also very anti-gun, but my Dad let me fire my first shot at the age of six, and then took me shooting from age 11 up. To this day I joke with Mom that she wouldn't let me play with toy guns, so I had to play with real ones! I also know proper gun etiquette, such as "every gun is loaded unless it's in pieces".
I don't have personal experience, but I do watch Dr. Pol and one of his dogs got bone cancer. The bone will break. I don't know when, but it will. With his dog, he said when the bone breaks, he puts her down. If somehow it doesn't break, watch her mood. When she stops being interested in food, water, or anything she normally gets happy about, it's time to make the call. Bone cancer *hurts*.
I've had 4 male dogs in my life, and none of them were neutered. None ever bred, none were aggressive. One *was* destructive, due to separation anxiety, but that's it.
Mine support Trump.
8 weeks is old enough to leave their mother.
I'm happy that my local schools always seem to have my back. I sub in one school where if a kid gets in trouble with a sub, they get double the usual punishment and/or Saturday school. Those kids are practically angels for me!
Coldstone. I love Coldstone.
I was playing in a rec league, beginner level, when our ref realized his whistle had broken. He spent the whole first period yelling "**TWEET**" until someone was able to bring him a new whistle. It was the funniest thing!
I used to ride in the back of a pickup whenever I had the opportunity.
YTA. Your daughter is an adult, and her sex life is none of your business. I hope you weren't planning to have a good relationship with her later on, because you probably won't after this. "Punishing" your *adult* child by removing access to higher education? Damn, I'm glad you're not my mother!
NTA. I have a fair few narcotics in the house as well, because docs around here love prescribing them and then I rarely use them because honestly advil works better. These people should be blaming Bob for snooping in your medicine cabinet, and SIL (who is apparently the only one who knew of his addiction) should've been monitoring him better.
I found the fact that you had to change the endings of everything depending on where it was used in a sentence. Even people's names.
NTA. I was maid of honor for my bff's wedding many years ago, and I flat out told her beforehand that I did not think this wedding was a good idea. She, of course, got mad at me so I dropped it. She's now in the process of trying to leave an abusive relationship, which would be a lot easier if the idiot hadn't removed all her access to money... So, basically, she probably wouldn't have listened to you at the time anyway. No matter what she says now.
You can't force an engagement. You can break up with him or deal with not being engaged. Also, people have parties because they get engaged? Odd. ESH - him for stringing you along, and you for trying to force something this huge.
You should send enough money for exactly your half of the rent, and then use the rest of your money to buy your own food and help pay utilities and such for your aunt. You do not have to, and shouldn't, just hand over your check to anyone. You said your aunt would "most likely" save the rest for you - how can you be certain? NAH - but ywbta if you just start handing over money willy-nilly. Or if not TA, very naive.
Were you out of toilet paper? Why didn't you use the paper to cover your mouth and nose when you had such a long windup to that sneeze?
Arkansas. I was in the ER once, and when I got up to leave I had a severe muscle cramp in my abdomen, like a Charlie horse. I even told them it was just a cramp. Walked out with a Rx for like 20 vicodin.
NTA. I wouldn't let my kid stay with someone like that either.
I rather think it is to provide a greater surface area for scent back when pheromones were detectable by humans. Since we have body hair in our smelliest areas (pits and groin).
It was, let's see, three or four years ago, I think? No more than five for sure. And yes, I was like "I don't think I really need these" but they gave 'em to me anyway. I don't mind having some on hand for *major* pain, so I filled it, and then it sat unused in my bathroom. Honestly it's probably still in there, and we may have used *one* by now. Fortunately, for me at least, opiates don't really seem to affect me much. I mean codeine is great for coughs, but it has no mental effects. Vicodin just kind of takes the edge off pain, but advil works better. And I really hate oxycodone which I've gotten after surgery, because it makes it impossible to focus on anything so if I take it I end up just dozing off while listening to the tv. Never had any other kinds. At least I know I'm unlikely to get hooked, since they either do nothing for me or are unpleasant. &lt;shrug&gt;
Nothing is going away, and it's unlikely this is the last patch.
If his eyes are reflecting white, you should probably consult his vet.
Well of *course* I finally got myself a race change last week. Time to put in a ticket and cross my fingers.
Except in this case he wasn't alone with a student. There were *two* students in there.
Rusty, Rosa, Irish
I don't watch, but I saw an article. They used skin expanders to create enough skin to close the wound after removing the graft. There's a scar, but it's hardly noticeable. From dailymail, but there's pics: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-7861705/Woman-30-reveals-left-pubic-hair-growing-FACE-skin-graft.html
Nope. One is Scooby who I've loved since I can remember, and the other is my/my bff's star sign and her initials in Theban script. She's practically my sister.
Walk into a police station waving a gun around.
Last kid I sent to the office had commented, upon someone dragging a table or chair so that it made that noise you get when you drag one of those on a tile floor, "someone has a vibrator in here!". Seventh grade boy, y'all.
Well known scam. There is no girl. Block the number and forget about it. Also, don't ever send nudes.
Death by Deodorant.
I would pay good money to see Dr. Pol in World of Warcraft.
As an altoholic, just getting my cloak and opening all the various new things takes like 3 hours per toon, and I'm so over it. Other than that, I'm having fun. I like the new chests you can buy with dubloons, too.
I'm older than that, and I still make my husband set an alarm for me, even though I set my own. But I have OCD/anxiety and worry too much about the alarm failing or me not hearing it.
Maybe he's trying to pet you back?
I bring stickers.
I wouldn't mind some, just out of curiosity.
Jasper is a brown gemstone. Kodiak - brown bear Lindor/Lindt - chocolate but not hershey
Rocky Horror Picture Show. So bad it's great!
None. I was an IUI baby, so I was conceived as a medical procedure.
no
You might see if the news will run a story, bad PR for Entergy.
No, they are chicken ovulation.
Wearing a hat.
Yeah, and our eggs don't fertilize every time we ovulate either. Chickens lay fertilized or unfertilized eggs, depending on if there's a rooster around. The releasing of an egg is ovulation.
But they are the one show that actively tries to prove a thing *isn't* a ghost. It'd be dull to watch if they never got excited about anything.
You've been chosen!
Yeah, YTA. You don't take over the spotlight at someone else's wedding without *both* of their permission. And that was a horrible thing to say to the bride at her own wedding.
NTA. Is she *trying* to sabotage you?
/r/relationships
Then she can pay for it. At least as much as *you* paid for it.
No, that would not happen. Dogs don't get heart disease by not exercising. The only thing they might get is bored. And that's more likely to be a young pup than an old arthritic dog.
NTA!! No one "deserves" to be around your kid. Not cousin, not aunt, not even grandma. YOU are the parents, and YOU decide.
What causes heart disease? Although there is no single cause, nutritional problems can play a major role in heart conditions. Aging is the most common reason dogs develop heart conditions, but other factors like heartworm can also lead to heart disease. Other factors that can contribute include: Body condition: Overweight dogs are more likely to develop heart disease. Age: Heart conditions in dogs occur more frequently with increasing age. Breed: In dogs, chronic valvular disease is more common in small breeds such as miniature poodles, cocker spaniels, Pomeranians and schnauzers. Myocardial disease is more common in large and giant breeds like Great Danes and Irish wolfhounds. Source: https://www.hillspet.com/dog-care/healthcare/heart-disease-in-dogs
If the dog is fed properly and not overweight, it doesn't need to be walked. A nice yard to run around in and he's good. Up until about a week ago (because **I** need exercise) my dog went for a walk every couple of months. He plays in the yard and chills. The vet says he's perfectly healthy.
Came here to say that exactly. You beat me to it.
Only if the blood is still in your body.
Probably when people finally had the resources to build houses that were bigger than one room.
Honestly, if my dog had been in pain for a *year* and not getting better, I'd consider euthanasia. That said, has the dog been to a specialist for a CT or MRI? It almost sounds like maybe a brain tumor. How did they diagnose meningitis? Did he have a spinal tap?
If this is America being great, I vote we make America suck instead. Maybe it'll be better that way.
Carry him?
I had to get a covid test today. Those things SUCK. (I'm not sick, just need a procedure done and the hospital won't let you in without one).
Give me ALL the carbs. ALL OF THEM!
Soft YTA. There's a pandemic going on, and rioting, and staying home is honestly the safest thing she could be doing. It sounds like she would be better off getting some therapy, instead of just getting a job.
Does your other dog have his bordatella vaccine?
NTA. They *should* be forced to wear them correctly, or go the fuck home. And your wife overreacted majorly by making you walk.
Well, then she should be safe, since that is the vaccine for kennel cough.
YTA, Scrooge. Try considering Santa an idea, the spirit of Christmas, instead of an actual person. Children are not abstract thinkers, so you start off by saying Santa is a person and transition that to he's an idea. You are apparently willing to make sure your child, and everyone else in your child's life, never experiences the magic. It's not all about YOU here.
Don't.
Well, I have a Bachelor's in sports studies, so there's that.
YTA. Her wedding is *not* about *you*. Of *course* she wants to mend things with her sister. It's her *sister*. You sound like a petulant child.
How, exactly, is the State even allowed to make laws that go against the Bill of Rights? We are Constitutionally allowed the right to peaceably assemble. These particular laws seem Unconstitutional to me.
Stung by a wasp when still young enough that my parents gave me a bottle to soothe me. Large flying insects freak me out.
I don't plan to have one.
Is that sort of thing a common occurrence?
I'd say he's more like Fudge or Umbridge. Cowardly bully who only cares about being in power.
Unless he specifically leaves it to you in his will, yes. Legally he is a stranger. Your stepfather legally adopted you and is now your legal father.
I thought he deserved a chance, and really didn't like Hillary. But I changed my mind a long time ago, imo he blew his chance. I will vote for whoever ends up opposing him.
I was 11 when dad tried to teach me. He started on a curved drive, and moved the seat uncomfortably close to the wheel so that hurt. I promptly drove into a muddy ditch, and refused to try again. They had to force me to take driver's ed when I was old enough.
You are allowed to share an account with minor children, but only one of you could play at a time.
If they don't have money, what could they pay with?
NTA, she's proven many times that she can't be trusted. If you let her in, she'll steal from you too.
Sounds like she's having a reaction to the anesthesia, but you really should call your vet and ask.
NTA. You taking care of *her* cat led to the damage, she should absolutely fix it. And don't watch her pets anymore.
Soft YTA. Your heart is in the right place, but it's kind of like you're punishing the elder for being successful. You should absolutely not do this without at least discussing it with your children - both of them.
&gt; I highly recommend that you put your money into a trust and have the trust pay out a monthly amount to your daughter. **THIS**
You really should watch it, maybe then you won't make such an ignorant post.
If you aren't a medical professional, hipaa doesn't apply to you.
Our clippers have some angled things.
Mostly just walking the dog. And some cleaning.
Joyride harness?
Guess I don't exist.
They are guards. They are angled though for fading.
If it helps at all, I've seen cases of HGE on Dr. Pol, and the dogs recovered.
I literally got pneumonia from flu 3 weeks before my wedding and spent three nights in the hospital. I was croaking like a frog on the day.
Of course, YTA. I'm fairly sure *over*washing can also cause breakouts. You'll be lucky if he doesn't dump you for being so insensitive to his major trauma.
Had my hysteroscopy/polypectomy/D&amp;C this morning. The D&amp;C was a bit of a surprise, I didn't know that was going to happen. Amazingly, I'm cramping less than I was all this previous week. My body *really* wants a period and I'm taking continuous BC. Also, the scale at the hospital has me right at the limit of acceptable BMI, so I guess my diet and exercise is working a little bit. No exercise today though. The dog is sad about that.
You need to buy the monthly sub. You don't need to buy, or download, retail. 20 free levels is only a retail thing.
....Rephrase the question, please. I'm not sure what you're asking.
You're NTA, but you wouldn't be able to change your name if you're a minor without them signing off on it. So they had literally no reason at all to steal your money, if all they wanted to do was prevent a name change. And if you are over 18, you could report the theft to the police. They don't get a pass from stealing an adult's money just because they are your parents.
How in the ever-loving hell was that justified? First, cop didn't even think it was a real gun, and second, poor kid didn't even have time to process that there *was* a cop, never mind process what he said!
Now that would be some real, welcome, change. IF they do it.
YTA. Imagine if he told you you need to get bigger boobs to be attractive to him? I imagine you'd be rather offended, would you? Looks fade, either you love the guy or you don't. If you do, you will deal with the hair, if you don't, break off the engagement.
NTA. There's no reason for him to be shoving his sexuality in your face like that.
YTA. How self-centered can you be? Your poor Dad...
Just go to the hero's call board in SW or Org.
NTA. If she wants him to have games, she can acquire them on her own. What he *needs* is better coping strategies, and perhaps medication if all else fails. He does NOT need to know that throwing a tantrum gets him what he wants.
NTA. I wouldn't let a random stranger in my house even if we weren't dealing with a pandemic. He should've gone potty at the store before picking up the food.
Whoopdie doo. Stop being such a big baby and go help. It's not that often.
The way this year has gone, I don't even want to imagine what could be next.
NTA. If standing up for what is right doesn't include standing up for that family, than clearly that family isn't in the right.
Overreaction much? Spilled juice can be cleaned up. A better punishment would be "Oops it's all gone. No more till later." That's a *reasonable* consequence. YTA. Kids spill things.
My husband asked my dad because he wanted to, I thought it was rather silly since it was hardly my dad's decision. NAH.
You need to go to Northrend.
What bank note was she on as a child? That first one had to be before she was Queen.
&gt; hypothetical I think you mean hypocritical.
If they can run around the yard, walks aren't really necessary. Although the dogs would certainly enjoy walks. Crating dogs at night is not abuse either.
He could have texted op to let her know.
He still should have let her know.
YTA. Listen to your parents. No decent 26 year old would be fooling around with a child. And you ARE a child.
This video was apparently taken prior to this year. A news article saying the cop in question no longer works for the department was dated in July.
YTA. Punishment should always fit the crime, and I don't see what her electronics have to do with anything. Furthermore, you can't be the attitude police. Your youngest is young, yes, but she does have her own mind. She'll either outgrow this phase, or she'll be wiser to manipulation tactics as an adult. If you want her to be less negative, perhaps show her positive things instead of doubling down on the negativity.
NTA. Perhaps having some real consequences will make her think in the future.
OP says Asperger's. Which is high-functioning autism. OP's brother can and should be able to function in the real world. There are plenty of people with high-functioning autism who have jobs and their own homes, they just need more than the usual help with social skills. OP's brother sounds spoiled.
Pranks should be funny to all involved. If it wasn't funny, YTA.
Oh my, I hope not!
&gt; Without my help, they would've failed the assignment Then they should fail. You doing their work doesn't help them learn in the slightest.
&gt; ESH except the teacher. She kinda sucks too, actually, by violating FERPA. You can NOT talk about your students' school work with anyone other than their parents/legal guardians, or other teachers involved in teaching them at the school.
**Then they should have failed.** You pull this crap in college, you'll be expelled and probably never admitted to another college again.
You just don't get it. A student needs to pass or fail *on their own merit.* You can't go in and correct whatever they got wrong, because then what they turn in isn't their own work. You're wrong here. Your heart was in the right place, but you are *wrong*.
Colleges will care more about your academic integrity than about a bad grade in Spanish.
You don't have to like her. But you're still in the wrong for the cheating.
Nothing to do with GPA. I can only tell you I did NOT have a 4.0 and have never been rejected to *any* school I applied to.
Lulu
Keep your cat inside, and you won't have to worry about any other cats.
NTA, your leg hair is no one else's business.
Technically, removing a child from it's legal guardian without said guardian's permission is, in fact, kidnapping. You'd've been better off calling CPS, though I can sympathize with wanting to remove the child asap. You should probably contact a lawyer. No judgement here.
Someone needs an anatomy lesson, here. The kittens are carried in the uterus, not in the vagina.
YTA for body-shaming someone you say you care for. Either deal with it, or break up. Imagine if she insisted you change your body some way for her? Maybe if she said you'd only be attractive to her if you waxed your entire body and got nipple piercings and a floral tattoo. Would you do it? No, you'd be a bit offended I'd imagine. You are ABSOLUTELY the AH here. You're also the asshole for thinking everything's all about YOU. What YOU like, what YOU want. You sound controlling as fuck.
Are you white?
&gt; their poop isn’t good fertilizer for the grass I'll have to disagree. Growing up, we had one or two dogs and a big yard, and we weren't about to go out there and pick up poop. The areas they preferred to go had the lushest green grass you ever saw. The areas they didn't poop had really sparse grass.
NTA. You had perfectly legit reasons for not making a phone call, and your world doesn't not revolve around his relationship.
NAH. Sometimes even if you love someone, your wants and needs are just not compatible. Better to figure it out before you get married.
You are 16. While you may be legally allowed to travel, she's legally allowed to punish you if you do. Not sure where you are, but here blackmail and extortion are crimes. YTA.
I seriously don't see anything in this video.
What does your vet recommend?
Because dieting sucks.
ESH. Try communicating like grown-ups.
MAY?! Why is it even a question?
NTA, the cat has been with you for far longer than with them. They should take comfort in the fact that she's been safe and happy this whole time.
Cry in happiness and try to hug them all at once.
Is your gf dieting or trying to lose weight? That would explain why she doesn't want chocolate or pizza.
Math is *everywhere* in nature.
This is not an AH question. Try /r/legaladvice instead.
First make absolutely sure it's *yours* especially if you've been fixed. That said, they aren't foolproof and if it is your kid you're gonna have to cough up the dough. Don't want kids, don't go having sex. YTA for trying to weasel your way out of your responsibility, assuming it's yours to begin with.
Are you for real? Why does your mother dictate your relationships? You have no right to his devices, and he's not yet done anything wrong, so you have no case.
What do YOU call having peaceful protesters tear gassed just so he could have a photo op, then?
Bullshit. Am woman, would care very much.
YTA. 11 is way to old be to sharing a room with her parents.
verb (used with object), pa·tron·ized, pa·tron·iz·ing. * **to give (a store, restaurant, hotel, etc.) one's regular patronage; trade with.** * to behave in an offensively condescending manner toward: a professor who patronizes his students. * to act as a patron toward (an artist, institution, etc.); support.
OP is not obligated to check his phone on the off chance a random neighbor decides to have packages mailed to him.
I would think the baby's father would have some rights here as well, your friend's dad can't make HIM terminate rights, so while he may or may not allow the baby in his house, the baby's dad will still have custody.
He can sign away all the rights he wants, he can NOT sign away his responsibilities. At least, not without someone else stepping up. If OP later gets married and her new hubby wants to adopt the child, then OP's baby daddy can happily sign away his responsibilities. Until then, he's gonna pay up.
Because it's the woman who literally risks her life to bring the child into the world. The man's wallet suffers. The woman could literally DIE, and even if all goes well her body will NEVER be the same again. It's sucks, but biology isn't fair and we work with what we have. Also, he's not "forced" to have one, unless you're suggesting he was raped.
NTA, because that really was horrible of her, but if you don't want her to successfully challenge the will you need to explicitly state that you leave her nothing, don't just not mention her. Leaving everything as a trust for your son (and any other heirs) would be even more ironclad.
No, of course not. You aren't guaranteed loot from any raid boss.
If you're being abused, CPS is the only option you have. If you run away, they will take you home.
So you don't have one, gotcha. Well, the protesters *were* tear-gassed, it *was* before curfew, and they *were* peaceful, and then I guess Trump just happened to think going and having a photo op was a great idea right then, but sure, they aren't linked at all. Ok then.
I eventually married him.
Yes, if your parents complain, they could be in legal trouble
You don't own the name. You are being silly to throw away a friendship over this. For all you know, you will have all girls. YTA.
NAH. It's a shirt.
Detroit
Mom cat: Here, YOU watch them for awhile!
Ever heard of Spain?
NTA, and good on you for standing up for your wife. Your mother doesn't sound like a good person to have around your family.
NTA.
INFO: did you actually replace the catalytic converters when they needed it, or did you just keep on driving it? Because if you're not repairing things as needed, you can't really complain when it doesn't last.
NTA, but if they refuse to go you're going to have to actually evict them. Which may or may not be possible right now.
All of them! :D
Nothing. It's none of my business what someone else does with their body.
My now-husband and I have a tradition of going to see a local performance of Rocky Horror on or around Halloween. We're straight, but this performance is at a local gay bar. One year, he had the Queen drag me up on stage near the beginning of the show - the wedding scene - and proposed there. Turns out the club was also videoing, so now we have probably the coolest engagement video ever. And it makes a great story!
Try feeding wet food for awhile. I came here to suggest the cat is in pain, too. He ends up associating the pain with the location (litter box) rather than the activity (pooping) and so he changes locations.
...you used your boost right away after never having played? No wonder you are lost. Put the DK aside for awhile, start another toon and actually LEVEL it. That will teach you a lot about the game.
NTA. That's YOUR day, and if you want to and are able to spend a load of money on it, then you go right ahead! FSIL doesn't seem to understand living within her means, or the fact that you don't NEED a huge wedding to be married. My bff and her husband were so focused on the wedding that they really didn't think about the marriage, and now they are not in a good marriage. My hubby and I had a simple wedding at my parents' house for less than $1000 and are quite happy.
We had a few friends and family members, Firehouse subs for lunch, and my Mom made the cake herself. My dress was about $100 (holyclothing.com is awesome, fyi). We had guests take pictures. Biggest expense was the rings, second biggest was the flower crowns. Then we got to spend more money on the honeymoon instead. :)
&gt;My dad accidentally said "This Girl Just Walked Away Like She Didn't Give A Damn!" I'm sorry, how does one "accidentally" say an entire rude sentence? Just for that, YTA.
Parents backyard - free. Firehouse Subs - about $100. Dress - 100. Cake - mom made it, so whatever a couple boxes of cake mix costs. Local florist - about 40 per crown.
Of course, the downside is that zero rights = zero responsibility, but since they aren't married they'd probably have to do a paternity test to list him as the father anyway.
Microchips are perfectly safe.
The likelihood of a serious infection from being chipped by a reputable vet is almost nill.
IVF IS A GO!!! I made my weight check, just waiting for the call to tell me exactly when, but I'm getting scheduled!
Put a cone of shame on her?
ESH. They shouldn't have been talking about you, but you had no call to call her a "fat alcoholic slob" either.
While I do trim my cat's claws on the regular, I have to admit I've never once tried to brush her teeth.
I'm guessing you learned this from experience?
It's heels, and I don't. They aren't at all comfortable and I have issues with my feet already.
Holy bridezilla! NTA.
NTA. Your mom is acting like a child right now. It's your *wedding*. She can suck it up for a few hours and deal. Is she really going to put her dislike of your father over supporting her only living child on her wedding day?
NTA. Never the asshole for standing up for your child. Time to find a new man, I think.
NTA. Who has their 9 year old try to buy their alcohol anyway?
YTA. If it's time-sensitive, try making a phone call instead.
NTA. I know my husband doesn't really care for my current cat, but he would *never* tell me not to be sad when she dies. I would seriously consider rehoming your husband instead. That's a serious lack of empathy.
NAH. Clearly you two have different goals in life.
Why does salt help, anyway? Since salt makes you retain water?
Thanks, I hate it.
NTA, Steven needs to keep his mouth shut.
Talk to the financial people at your school, there are protocols in place for vengeful parents.
Of course YTA. Diaries are private, and I can't believe you even have to ask here. Good luck on her ever trusting you again.
Anything by corvusdraconis. I love her stuff!
A dog. I'd call that an improvement.
NTA, but sounds like your Mom is.
Honey, I'm almost 40 years old and usually still feel like a child.
More often than I care to think about, and will do it many more times. I'm totally over it by now.
The schools I sub in all seem to have full-time nurses.
I'm so glad my husband is so pragmatic about the whole jerking off in a cup thing.
NTA at all. If she wanted to be acknowledged as your mom, she should've acted like your mom. You were adopted, and now your BM is a legal stranger to you and not entitled to anything.
YTA. Why would you treat one child better than the other just based on their sexual preferences? I don't blame your daughter for being pissed off. But are you really willing to jeopardize your son's education because of his sexuality?
What would be worse: losing the pictures, or losing your sister because she was determined to save the pictures? Soft YTA, because I'm sure it's hard. But your lives are worth more than any photo.
You are a child still, and online privacy really doesn't exist. YWBTA
YTA. Your parents' finances are none of your business. It's not uncommon for one partner to make more money than the other, and in a *good* partnership there is no "my" money and "your" money - only "our" money.
Leave them alone.
Why, exactly, are you getting all bent out of shape over a child's bake sale? What are you wanting to sue for? Did you somehow have damages from this? Please stop being such a scrooge. Those kids aren't hurting anything.
You're NTA. It is clear that *this particular student* needs more supervision. Of course, not everyone with autism acts like this.
NTA, you may have misophonia. Misophonia is a disorder in which certain sounds trigger emotional or physiological responses that some might perceive as unreasonable given the circumstance. Those who have misophonia might describe it as when a sound “drives you crazy.” Their reactions can range from anger and annoyance to panic and the need to flee.
I...don't get it?
Is it bad that my first thought was "poor bear"? I mean, if the dude hadn't been out there trying to kill the poor thing, this wouldn't have ever happened.
underminejournal.com
Your really shouldn't boost unless you already have a toon at that level and know what's what. Make yourselves some level 1s and start from scratch.
Well, the US doesn't technically *have* an official language.
NTA. Your medical history from before you met him is none of his business. Unless, of course, that history would include something contagious that he might catch from you.
Eh.. kind of, you really should have told her up front that you don't work for free. Live and learn.
Your best bet is to write to his team, or his agent if you know who that is.
NTA, you didn't "make" her throw anything, she's a grown up who should be able to control her temper.
If you don't trust your vet, find a new one.
Even if you do quit, they still owe you for the time you worked.
Even *Robin Williams* had depression. Why shouldn't this girl? Especially with people like you around?
NTA. And considering the liability issues, I would send them a certified letter stating in no uncertain terms that her children are NOT allowed on your property. At all. Ever. That way, if they do somehow get hurt, you have proof that you didn't allow them to be there.
Yesterday
NTA, and feel free to stop by /r/infertility if you are so inclined.
I buy heartworm meds from Chewy. My clinic even agreed that was a better idea than buying from them, because it's cheaper.
NTA. My husband and I are both kind of picky eaters - I don't eat seafood, he eats pretty much only seafood. Which means on many nights he cooks two different meals for us. Which is, of course, the more mature way to go about it.
And what if mashed potatoes are culturally important to OP? He's said his gf hates those, should she then be required to eat them for him?
NTA. Her actions have consequences, and perhaps your parents should have taught her that so you wouldn't have to.
Sleep.
NTA. You have to do what is right for you, and they have some seriously good benefits.
ESH, but your step dad sucks more. Yeah, you shouldn't be asking to drive when you can't do it legally. But he shouldn't get all butthurt about you mentioning your actual father. He's a grown up and needs to act like one.
You are a child, and in no way responsible for the actions of adults. I don't care *what* you said, as the grown up he is responsible for acting like one.
I feel like losing a job and getting murdered aren't really comparable.
**NTA** Your family are all being greedy fucks. Your grandpa wanted *you* to have that house. Even if you *did* sell it, they would *not* be entitled to the proceeds.
YTA for not loosening restrictions as he got older. Now he's an adult and shouldn't have any restrictions at all.
If you know good and well they are in a relationship, then yes, YTA.
European ancestry.
underminejournal.com
Might help if you actually linked a video...
Even teens have parental rights over their children. If she goes into foster care, her child can go with her and she can still take care of the baby.
YTA. If you hate kids that much, you should've have married a guy with a kid.
That seems highly unlikely. Do you never change clothes in front of your spouse?
Gorgeous markings on that cat.
NTA, your reasons for not going are very reasonable. I would stop talking to SIL altogether. She can bitch at your hubby if she wants to, but you stay out of it.
Florida man tries to buy 8-year-old girl at Walmart
Male cats are castrated, female cats are spayed. And the kittens came back smelling like the vets office, which mom cat doesn't like.
YTA for breaking it on purpose.
Gee, it must suck to have to worry about people hurting you because of what you look like...
YTA. Who a person loves or does not love is *entirely* up to them, and being related does not obligate love. Did you ever ask your daughter why she never liked her father, even before he cheated on you? Honestly reading this I worry he might have abused her as a young child and she just never told anyone.
NTA. Considering their reactions, is it any wonder he chose to talk to someone else? 16 is definitely old enough to decide who you want to confide in all by yourself.
Love the vines! Not sure why miss-matched eyes, though.
Basketball. They score SO often, I've no idea when you're expected to cheer.
5 weeks is WAY too young to leave their litter. Even if they are weaned, they NEED that socialization time with mom and siblings.
He's fine. I grab my cat by the scruff all the time. As long as you aren't just dangling him in the air by it, he's fine.
NTA, he hurt her, therefore he can pay the bill.
YTA, and gross. Use your feet to flush - that's what I've done for years.
&gt; anything that comes out is sterile No, no it isn't. And then they have to flush which sprays droplets of YOUR shit or pee. You're being incredibly inconsiderate. Flush the damn toilet.
**Where the hell are you getting this idea??** Shit is *literally* half bacteria!
Generally, if you catch it in the act of killing livestock you can shoot it. I did find this though: It's considered theft in Tennessee to kill someone else's animal on purpose (without the owner's consent), unless the animal was creating an immediate danger of death or serious injury. ... (Tenn. Code § 39-14-205.) You can sue the dog owner for the value of the calves. Also, not legal advice, but I've seen Dr. Pol treat calves with broken legs, so you should ask your vet if he can save that one. Also found this [pdf](https://vetmed.tennessee.edu/outreach/Documents/TN_Animal_Law_Book.pdf) &gt;§ 44-17-201 Dogs killing livestock -- owners of dogs are liable for livestock killed Where any dog shall kill, or in any manner damage, any livestock in this state, the owner or harborer of such dog shall be liable, in an action for damage, to the owner of such livestock. § 44-17-202 Dogs killing livestock -- ignorance of dog's habits is no defense Ignorance of the vicious habits or character of the dog on the part of its owner shall be no defense in actions arising under § 44-17-201. § 44-17-203 Dog killing livestock -- no damages recoverable for killing or injuring such dog In an action for damages against a person for killing or injuring a dog, satisfactory proof that the dog had been or was killing or worrying livestock constitutes a good defense to such action.
Ok, stay ignorant then. Or, you know, do a basic google search. And flush the damn toilet.
INFO: are the friends/family who want to use it living in the same house as you?
Wow, YTA. Seeing her body would've helped your wife get closure, and you just decided to take that away from her. If I were her, I'd divorce you over that.
You're not acting like it.
Am girl. White Claws are gross, and I like Mike's.
"Mister Messiah" was pretty horrible. Also "Handsome".
Assuming both cut and uncut men are using condoms properly, is there still a difference in risk of std?
It's not even a noose! What's next, tire swings are racist too?
Am I the only one that enjoys melted (or partially melted) ice cream?
You need BFA to keep leveling.
No.
NTA. Unless the landlord paid for those gardens, they don't belong to him. He can put up his own garden if he wants to.
I am also a landlord's child. They very often knock off some rent in exchange for the tenant doing some work for them.
YTA, she's 16 and old enough to decide for herself.
I do some end game stuff, but I also like going and doing old stuff too. I refuse to turn a video game into some kind of job.
Am mostly liberal. Own a gun. Would like to own more.
As long as we still have Braves, Chiefs, Indians, and Redskins, they can leave the Rangers bloody well alone.
Are you sure that's a leaf? Looks more like a feather.
They are going to have a hell of a time amending the actual Bill of Rights.
NTA, you asked her first and she refused. Mama bear to the rescue!
YTA. That letter was not meant for you. Try putting your children first, like a mom should.
Brought my dog home at all of 6 weeks. Never met a dog that loves people more, and no behavioral issues at all.
Orange. I really don't like orange.
NTA. He's literally bullying a small child, and forcing physical contact on someone who doesn't want it. That kind of thing can set girls up to being taken advantage of by boys later on, because no one ever let them say "No" before to physical contact.
YTA if you continue to use *her* car when she doesn't want you to. Yeah, you're saving gas, but you're also adding mileage to *her* car instead of your own.
NTA, and your friend needs help.
NTA and your sisters are weird and overreacting. I could understand if maybe one of them is dealing with infertility and just can't take the reminder of what they don't have, but the one is pregnant so I can't imagine what her issue is.
I had to go back and check his age, because he sounds more like a petulant 12-year-old. Why are you dating this guy again? NTA, many perfectly normal people print out photos of their friends and family.
Sorry, YTA here. There's nothing wrong with adults playing. It's not like he was beating her, she was laughing. Jealousy is not a good look on you.
Good to hear!
How absurd. The surgery for women is *much* more invasive than the one for men!
Guess I hop around and say "ribbit".
Your cat is safer inside. Also, if he's spraying - is he neutered? He should be.
As you say, it's not your trauma. And if your mother's trauma gets out in the open as you say it will if they don't show up, who are you really hurting? That's right - you're hurting your mother, because you're upset that someone else hurt her. On the other hand, it's your wedding. But without knowing what "bad father" means in this situation, it's hard to tell if you're overreacting or not. If he was just distant or spanked her on occasion, you're totally overreacting. If he molested her, then you're right to want nothing to do with him. So ask yourself what's more important to you: not hurting your mother, or not having grandpa there.
NTA. I had a friend in school with a different disability, and the adults fell all over themselves so she had to do nothing for herself and was totally helpless. I wouldn't do it. Her family *loved* me because I made her do shit for herself that she was totally capable of doing.
YTA for clearly caring more about this girl that's not even related to you (by blood *or* law) over your own child. I don't see that you're much better as a mom than Lila's mom is.
I see. Then NTA, and I suggest you make up a really good excuse as to why they aren't invited to save your mom's feelings. Perhaps there's only room for X number of people, and gosh darn it they'd be over the limit. Then make sure the venue goes along with it. Or something like that.
Well, that's when the owner wanted him gone. It was either we take him, or someone else did.
No, I treated her like a normal teenager. Her disability was one of sight. Her brain and her limbs worked just fine, tyvm. Why, pray tell, shouldn't she order her own meal at lunch? And yes the aides literally wanted me to do even that for her.
NTA. You're in your own kid-free home and they just barged in. Your sister really should teach her child to *ask* before she grabs other people's food.
YTA. A real man loves his wife for who she is, not for how skinny she is. Grow up. And a real father *does* help out with the parenting. And a good man also helps with housework.
Got my one and only speeding ticket on my birthday one year.
Because I *really* don't want the virus.
NTA. Just because someone is related doesn't mean you have to like them or have anything to do with them. Trust and respect are earned, he's not entitled to either from you.
INFO: is there a reason you can't be friends with your friend and just not go to her house or be near the step-dad?
This'll work till the four year old decides it's fun watching his brother get punished. Better yet, punish *both* children every time the little one says "the bitch".
YTA - you don't throw a party in someone else's house without their permission. Imagine if someone drank too much and drowned in the pool - *they* would be liable for it because it's their pool. You broke their trust, and that's not easy to just forgive and forget.
YTA for bringing your side piece. If you wanted to go, you should've gone alone. Wow.
YTA, and it would be great karma for you to win all those bids.
Have you actually been through menopause? If not, you *can* still get pregnant. YTA for *continually* asking him. If you'd asked once, no biggie. He clearly doesn't want unprotected sex. That is his right.
Then you absolutely can still get pregnant. When they stop entirely, you'll be safe.
And yet, you can totally still get pregnant even when they are irregular.
Why couldn't you get new tags online? That's what I did this year.
You really shouldn't snort tap water either, unless you're trying to get a brain-eating amoeba.
YTA for not simply teaching her how to do it. Her dad sucks too for always doing it for her and never teaching her.
NTA at all. But how about a little malicious compliance - next time you see those dogs running lose, DO call animal control. I'm sure she'll enjoy paying the fee to get her animals back.
There's only a thin layer between your sinuses and your brain. Whereas your stomach is a pretty far distance. I highly recommend you get some saline nasal spray to use instead. "Tap water isn’t safe for use as a nasal rinse because it’s not adequately filtered or treated. Some tap water contains low levels of organisms — such as bacteria and protozoa, including amoebas — that may be safe to swallow because stomach acid kills them. But in your nose, these organisms can stay alive in nasal passages and cause potentially serious infections. They can even be fatal in some rare cases, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)."
use saline, not tap water!
NTA. They wanted to know, so you told them.
YTA, she's not going to improve if you keep shouting at her. When I was learning, my Dad basically just said "I have insurance." and never *once* shouted at me while driving. Although I was fortunate enough to take driver's ed in school and we had a closed course to practice on. Maybe try taking her to an empty parking lot and setting up some cones or something so she can make mistakes without hurting anything.
Once we went cross country when I was 15 and on my permit. I was driving in the pitch dark, and had cruise control on, when suddenly there with zero warning there's a concrete barrier *in my lane*. I was totally freaked out (I missed it, luckily) but dad just basically shrugged, said we had seat belts, airbags, and car insurance, and he bet I'd never use cruise control at night again! Then put his head back and closed his eyes. I never have made that mistake again, either. And there was no screaming necessary on his part.
Ok, so he's a pedophile and you're an extortionist. Your mom needs a divorce lawyer (she's entitled to half, at least) and your sister should report his abuse to the police.
Yes, YWBTA
Eh, does your sister even *want* you to be outside waiting? I know if I ever give birth I'd rather not have a load of people around, even outside. NAH, but if I were you, I'd go on vacation.
YTA, not all women are as shallow as you are, thank goodness.
YTA. He's a child. He's probably afraid the new baby is going to take his mom away from him, which you would totally be reinforcing by sending him away now.
NTA. While it is true that if one you gets it, probably the rest of you will too, as long as you're taking precautions outside the home you'll probably be fine.
By starving to death, most likely.
No, no there really aren't...
&gt; UTI the developed into a kidney infection My aunt went septic and died because she didn't go to the doctor straight away when she had a UTI.
My (female) primary care person sent me to the ER straight from her office because I had the flu and my breathing was *not good*. The (male) ER doc insisted I was just anxious and tried giving me Ativan which I refused. Eventually, a CT scan showed I had pneumonia and I spent three nights in the hospital for it. Anxiety, my ass.
NTA. I feel badly for X, but you marry who *you* want to marry.
Call the insurance company you had at the time of your accident.
I would rather a candidate tell me why I *should* vote for them, rather than why I *shouldn't* vote for the other guy.
Ooh, I stepped off someone's front steps (like curb height) and broke my fibula. So, I was literally just walking and broke my leg.
NTA as long as you provide *something* that is veggie-friendly.
She sounds very dramatic. You're NTA.
Are you, two presumably grown adults, seriously fighting over a *video game*? ESH. She sucks for taking it and lying about it, you suck for getting this mad over basically nothing.
Apparently the house half belongs to OP. So there's no reason he/she shouldn't have a say in who lives there.
YTA. They don't *want* the toys. And you're making way too big of a deal out of it.
**NTA**. Also, if that money is in an account you opened as a child, please move it to a totally different bank. Child accounts have parents on them, and they could just go in and take it.
The Ballpark was a gorgeous stadium and I'm still pissed they built a new one.
NTA. The only real danger of a cat with a newborn is the cat might try to lay on the baby and accidentally suffocate it. However. Rooms generally have doors, and if the door is kept closed so the cat can't get to the sleeping baby, there's really no danger. If someone got rid of my pets without so much as a by-your-leave I probably wouldn't even give them a month.
NTA, this guy has issues. And he needs to keep his issues to himself.
YTA. Change is part of growing up, and you're being very selfish to not let your mom be happy with George.
NTA. You don't need to allow toxic people into your kids' lives, even if they are biologically related to them.
NTA, but there really is no debt. If you must spend money, try sending it to a charity that helps other kids in your situation.
Less people.
You should probably take her to the vet to check for a UTI before you just assume she's trying to get back at you.
Honestly? I've now got more money saved up than I've had in years. So I think we'll be fine.
To be fair, my cat doesn't wear a collar either and I don't have pet insurance. My cat (and dog) are both *well* taken care of.
YTA. I get that you want them to be well educated, but doing a packet is going to do nothing but make her resentful of you. It's summer. If you want them to be learning, do something semi-fun like making a backyard garden or learning to build something. Or go out to some state parks. BTW, I'm an actual teacher, and no way in hell would I be giving my kid packets over *summer vacation*.
ESH - he sucks because, well obviously, and you suck for blaming his mother like that.
...What's the symbol on the left? The upside down pentagram one?
NTA. Your body, your choice. Your mom needs to calm the fuck down. You are a not a doll for her to dress up as she pleases.
NTA. But your dad certainly is.
