That's exactly what I figured I need to do, but I do not know how to accomplish it. I thought it would be fairly simple, but when I started looking at the interface and reading search results, I realized it was not particularly simple on this router.
In Texas even if they don't convict on the murder charge they can convict on the lesser included of manslaughter.
&gt;Edit: I think I found it in the GUI under the Wizards tab, DNS host name You rock! This is exactly what I needed, 30 seconds and a single entry on that tab and I can access the synology via the ddns name from any device on the local network. Thank you so much!
Less than 3% of the animals they "rescue" get adopted. [The rest get killed.](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2012/03/petas-terrible-horrible-no-good-very-bad-history-of-killing-animals/254130/) the Humane Society does far far better than peta, and has never been caught stealing pets from people's homes to kill them.
Network attached storage, basically a big external hard drive that is accessed through the network.
Replacing the capacitors on the power board or just the whole power board itself might fix it. No guarantees, but if that doesn't fix it it's probably not worth fixing, as most other problems are quite expensive.
If you are charging with a standard outlet and cord, get a P3 kill a watt meter. It will track your power use in kwh, then you can just use your bill to do the math and figure out your added cost.
Where did you see he went to jail? All I can find is that the felony charges were dropped amd he only faced misdemeanor charges, and after a year maryland reinstated him as a cornerman.
&gt;Coffee by itself is an acquired taste in general just doesn’t taste good, it is good because of its effects. Just because you feel that way does not mean everyone does. There's a reason that coffee flavored ice cream and candies and whatnot are so popular. I love the flavor of coffee, but I can't have caffeine. I end up drinking a lot of decaf because of that. I'd say your downvotes are well deserved, you made the classic mistake of assuming everyone everywhere feels the same way as you, when that is never, ever the case.
This the same YouTuber that got called out for not paying the people he had contracted to build "his" giant super soaker on his last AMA. He's scummy.
Jb weld, perfect for this type of repair.
Actually, there was a front-page article just yesterday how ECT is now about to be banned because it is causing long-term brain damage to patients, and doctors lie about that to the patients and tell them there's no possibility of brain damage.
Mazda keys look [like this](https://www.google.com/search?q=mazda+2018+key&amp;hl=en-US) They have a separate key and fob. The key part is cheap, the fob is expensive. You cannot drive the car with only a cut key.
So what does "stop working" entail? No power? Unable to be reset? Most likely the GFCI is dead, just replace it.
Yep, sounds like it has failed. Replace it.
Go watch the video, grandpa had no clue until the guy smashes the window that he had hit anybody. He even says so.
3m mask with P100 dust filters.
If it works normally, you can just leave it. Dont try bending it back, you could easily make it worse. The real fix is to replace the damaged case parts, which a pro should do if you're not tech savvy.
FWIW, there are papr systems that are much cheaper. The Trend airshield Pro is super popular with woodturners, as it is a rated protective face mask with a positive air pressure system. It runs about four hundred bucks on Amazon, and is a far &amp; away better experience than wearing a respirator. Woodturners face both flying material and dust inhalation hazards and they have lots of solutions, try checking their forums or just googling for woodturning face mask for many options that would work for your purpose too.
https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticeServed/comments/a7zyll/take_her_away_boys/ec7gylp/ She ended up not being charged for a crime but it still pursuing legal action and playing the victim.
Completely different situations. In one, a man was following all the rules and doing everything as expected and was badly beaten and dragged off an airplane. In the other, a woman was breaking the rules of the place she was in and then attempted to assault an officer with a cigarette when asked to stop.
She's only 60, that's what smoking does to you.
60 years old is not elderly. He absolutely did call more people, even Medics. Go watch the actual body cam video.
Glue will not hurt a circuit board. What needs saving?
What is the video source? If it's a computer, try changing the resolution.
My understanding is that is how it's supposedly already wired. I have a feeling the builder did the wiring wrong, I will explore it more tonight.
So you are going to completely ignore the fact that she was breaking rules and then tried to assault the officer with a lit cigarette? How is that the same as a guy sitting still in a seat?
Thanks, that does sound like it's probably the case. I'm going to take a much closer look at it tonight to see if I can fix the wiring issue.
There's a very good chance she survived, your best bet is to get her temperatures and humidity back up to where they should be and stable. Keep an eye out for signs of respiratory infection or other issues, and be prepared to take her to a vet if necessary.
&gt; Also, snakes don't see Red light so it's not really a light cycle thing. This is a myth. Ball pythons can definitely see red, I've personally seen one that would get startled every time the light clicked on (controlled via thermostat so it clicked on and off regularly).
Go read the sticky thread on /r/ballpython, it's a really good guide. First and foremost, any and all heat sources needs to be controlled by a thermostat. This includes overhead heaters and mats. Heat mats can easily reach temperatures that will burn your snake, which can be lethal. Second, the ceramic heat emitter should be enough, you don't want red light on at night as it can disturb the day/night cycle. You need to set up your gauge so you achieve a heat gradient, with the hide on the hot end being about 90 degrees Fahrenheit, and the cool end about 80 degrees Fahrenheit. It's hard to tell if you have this already from the photo, but you want two identical hides so your snake does not have to choose between the temperature it would prefer and the more comfortable hide.
Turns out there was an extra wire connecting battery ground to the casing of a potentiometer. Somehow that left the circuit active all the time. Removing it stopped current flowing when the cable is unplugged.
[Full video](https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticeServed/comments/a8uysf/biker_tries_to_steal_from_car_driver/eceda5d/)
Squeaking can definitely be signs of a respiratory infection. Also watch for bubbling at the mouth, bubbling cracking breathing sounds, raising the head up in the air or along the wall. Your humidity is on the low side, you should be shooting for more like 70% or 80%. Low humidity is one of the leading causes of respiratory infections in ball pythons.
Try these guys https://dragonplate.com/0-Degree-Carbon-Fiber-Uni-Sheet-1_4-x-6-x-6 Or just google for unidirectional carbon fiber plate.
That's a pretty common thing to break, particularly when controllers fall off of tables and stuff. If the outer plastic button is not broken, and you know how to solder, you can buy a new micro switch on eBay and solder it in place. There are pretty good YouTube video showing the process, it's a bit complicated to get the whole thing disassembled to get to the switches though.
*Snowman defends itself against aggresive woman
Why do you think they had to use those weird messed up characters? It's to get around automod, this post won't last long.
The grill just press fits into a groove all the way around. https://youtu.be/K5lzPBlzP3E Personally, I would never use a knife for this as you're likely to break the tip off. Instead I use straight pins or small finish nails to get into the grill holes and lever it out.
Well I can't see all that much from this photo, but typically the pipe will be strapped to a stud in the wall just inside the drywall. My guess is you will have to make the hole bigger to figure out where the nearest support is, and add support if it isn't already near enough. What is making the pipe move? Is the radiator not mounted securely to the floor or wall? Or is the pipe supposed to be the mount point? Or do you have water hammer issues? Make sure you use plastic strapping, or match the material of the pipe. Don't mix copper and steel.
F that without PPE, I'm not interested in getting hanta virus.
Can anyone post a screenshot or something? That website is totally unreadable on mobile.
Glad to see a good shed, but there's no need to vary the humidity. It should be a steady high humidity. Ball pythons need that all the time, not just when they start to shed.
My school did every 15 minutes for the very first time only about a month after a student and both his parents were killed by a drunk driver. They didnt warn any of the students not involved in the production, it was intentionally kept secret. A lot of people, both students and teachers, were seriously upset. It did have an incredibly powerful impact, but it was pretty brutal on the friends of the student who died. I know at least one went and screamed at the principal, and a group of them just bailed on classes for the day and hung out with each other in the halls.
How deep is the tang? If you can take off a couple centimeters to get back to solid uncracked wood, you can make a really cool accent by using a couple layers of contrasting material and epoxying them onto it. Anything from a brass butt cap to a piece of burl or dyed material.
Yes. This pipe has clearly been hammered in by the deformation on the top.
You would never use copper pipe for that, it's soft and bendable and quite expensive compared to all the other common options.
Not even court, it's far easier and less scary. Contact your state's labor board, they will assist you.
There's absolutely no reason to ever have it at 50%, that is below the recommended absolute minimum of 60%. There's literally no reason to have the humidity change, it doesn't help in any way. All it does is risk dehydrating the snake. These are wild animals that we are trying to mimic their natural habitat as closely as possible to keep them healthy. The humidity does not really vary much where they live, and it definitely doesn't automatically get higher when they go into shed.
I was ready to poo-poo this video for being just another hotrod build, but it *definitely* fits the sub. True artistic mastery blended with ultimate craftsmanship. So much work went into tiny aesthetic details.
I'd start with a magic eraser, going in the direction of the grind marks.
&gt;It's entirely possible that good cops do report the bad ones but higher ups decide not to severely punish them. Those "higher ups" are cops too. Them not punishing "bad" cops makes them just as bad.
&gt;the difference is not only is it excused unnecessarily in law enforcement but the excuse is the job is hard...and dangerous. Police officer doesn't even make the top 15 dangerous jobs in america list. The fact that they can use the "I was afraid" line as a commit-a-crime-without-punishment card is insulting to all of the fishermen and loggers out there who actually ***do*** risk their lives every day.
There's no sound in your video, but it sounds like you might have a stripped out Bendix gear or flywheel gear. That's the way the starter interfaces with the engine, it turns it halfway and then it hits the broken teeth and just spins in place.
If they haven't responded in a week, call your credit card company. They will get in touch with discraft, and if they refuse to fix it they will refund you.
No, but judging by other comments they were removed for a copyright violation and the op probably just deleted them when they got the notice instead of dealing with it.
My buddy in high school was given a hand-me-down Jeepster Commando for his first car. The thing was an absolute piece of junk, including the blinkers not working. One day he pulled up to a stop next to a cop who was waiting to turn left, and he had to roll down his window and do the whole left hand straight up in the air like you're asking a question thing to signal his right turn. The cop rolls down his window and ask him what he needs, because it it looks like he's acting like a kid in school and trying to ask a question. Cop just laughed when my buddy said he was signaling his turn.
The lint trap is on the exit side of the air path, so you can probably use it just fine as long as the trap goes all the way back in completely without hitting anything. If lint isn't starting on fire then a pencil is not going to. Typically you can get into the bottom of the lint trap from the back of the dryer, so if it's easy to move you might want to pull it out and see if you can open the back up. Otherwise you are probably just fine anyway.
Except the whole box around them is not secured to the forks, it's just sitting on top.
No they aren't
Yep exactly. This is2nt a chip, it's a compressed area. Steam will help the wood "reinflate" the area. Follow up with some 400 grit sandpaper very gently in parallel with the edge.
Any 3.5mm plug will work, you just need to figure out which wire is connected to which peice(s) of the plug. You can use a multimeter or volt meter or other electrical tester to figure that out.
This is fake, they get close but the final shot of the finished tabel is from before they burned it. Pay attention to the fine detail and the smudged dark lines.
&gt;I’m thinking I might not be heating his cage correctly? His cage is big and I have a heating mat and two thermometers. I think it’s it’s too cold....how can i change this? A brighter bulb? During the day i have both the red and day light on. What are the temperatures of the two ends of the cage? What is the humidity? Generally a heating mat is not enough to keep an enclosure ambient temperature is high enough for a ball python. Additionally, if you're leaving the red light on at night that can disturb them.
You are responding to a post about the male calfs being shipped off for veal, and then talking about people being fired for physical abuse. Those are two completely separate topics, and the CEO did not bring up the veal cows at all in his apology/explanation.
Where are you getting those numbers? They are not at all correct, at least in America. [It takes over one gallon of water to make each individual almond. ](https://www.motherjones.com/environment/2014/02/wheres-californias-water-going/) There is no way you are making a cup of almond milk out of only 10 almonds.
You mean [this one](https://fairlife.com/news/fairlife-statement-regarding-arm-video/?gclid=Cj0KCQjw3PLnBRCpARIsAKaUbgvxnXCR_r8avfLVqCzYLJOqHdmlgDHQualQXHkw8o1q2ZJMMfKziUYaAthxEALw_wcB), where they promise to make things be the way they *originally* said they were doing things, but completely ignored the whole lying about selling veal calfs? Or do you mean [this one](https://fairlife.com/news/fairlife-statement-regarding-arm-video/?gclid=Cj0KCQjw3PLnBRCpARIsAKaUbgvxnXCR_r8avfLVqCzYLJOqHdmlgDHQualQXHkw8o1q2ZJMMfKziUYaAthxEALw_wcB), where they promise some good changes but also ignore the veal calf lies. How can we trust these people when they have already proven to not hold their workers to their pre-existing standards and are still lying about what they do with male calfs?
Youre confusing right to work and at will employment. In the context of U.S. labor politics, "right-to-work laws" refers to state laws that prohibit union security agreements between companies and labor unions. Under these laws, employees in unionized workplaces are banned from negotiating contracts which require all members who benefit from the union contract to contribute to the costs of union representation.[1] At-will employment is a term used in U.S. labor law for contractual relationships in which an employee can be dismissed by an employer for any reason (that is, without having to establish "just cause" for termination), and without warning,[1] as long as the reason is not illegal (e.g. firing because of the employee's race or religion).
It's not like a taxi though - you are paying for a team of trained medical professionals to sit around on call just waiting to help you. They have training, medical supplies, and salaries to pay for. Unless it's subsidized by taxes or goverment, it's pretty easy to see why it costs at least a few hundred.
Most likely it will be the tip and one of the rings that are connected, the rings may even be bonded together. Without cutting away the clear plastic and looking or using an electrical tester to test, there's no way to be certain.
Simple.com can be setup from your phone. Very easy to use, good money planning tools built in.
First, know that an under tank heater is not intended to raise ambient temperatures, it only makes a warm spot on the floor. To use it with substrate, remove all the substrate in the hot hide and set the temperature by the inside temperature of the enclosure. It sounds like your overall temperatures are too low, you might want to consider a ceramic heat emitter on top of the tank. Personally in my juvenile glass tank I don't use any under tank heating and only use a ceramic heat emitter on top.
I had this problem with a glass tank in a cool house. I solved it by putting 1/2" sytrofoam insulation board on 3 sides of the tank, as well as sealing most of the top with the same board. This helps prevent a lot of the radiant heat loss from the glass.
What are we looking at?
&gt;I took to leaving him alone and now really only handle him unless it is to feed him, as he strikes at hands. Why are you handling during feeding? All that does is condition him to never know whether a hand coming in means food time or handling time. Feeding should be done in the enclosure via tongs, that way a hand coming in the enclosure never gets equated with food time.
Clean everything thoroughly with acetone and then use epoxy. Gorilla does not have very much shear strength, epoxy is far stronger.
https://www.reddit.com/r/discgolf/comments/bzj6vd/social_media_stuff_today_ladies/
/r/techsupportgore
Awesome!
I've done a hack job like this before, I ended up drilling slightly oversized holes and then using a backing plate of wood that I could screw screws into. You have to be super super careful about not over tightening any one screw and keeping the cooler nice and level. If you can use spring loaded screws that would be much better.
No, the wood was on the far side of the steel backing plate of the case. It gave me something to attach the screws to. The motherboard was on normal standoffs (though not all of them).
To quote the post you replied to: &gt; ...but I already had quarter inch plywood and wood screws so I used them.
Is it a clock radio? Check the volume knob
90 is fine as long as there is not water droplets on surfaces. I usually shoot for 75-80, but higher isn't an issue unless they are sitting on wet surfaces.
Video of that: https://youtu.be/yNaXcYezt-8 I spent some time searching for the outcome of the court case, but all I can figure out is that it appears that it was dropped and both parties paid their own fees. They were in mediation, so I assume there was some sort of agreement or settlement. If anyone knows how it turned out, please let me know.
The manager *is* the host.
That was a different incident. This one was just the two guys colliding.
Looks like you made an impact, the streaming video has been pulled down and his two most recent posts made today have also been removed in the last 3 minutes because they got comments about this incident.
90F warm side, 80F ambient/cool side. Anything hotter than mid-90s can risk neurological damage.
I have a family member who is a vet, and she still has to dock tails occasionally. Some dogs have such powerful tails and such little care for what they do with him that they constantly injure themselves. Not only does it end up spraying blood all over the house, but they end up re-injuring them over and over and getting infected or permanently damaging the tails in painful ways. I wholeheartedly agree with you about the ears though. If you have a dog with ridiculous floppy ears because of breeding, you should be taking the time to groom them or have them groomed.
Wow, so much to unpack in this post... &gt;and some of those times I'm sitting high up on a tractor. It's a strong smell. So you smell this up on a tractor, yet to other people you keep talking about the difference between a trail in the woods and the real "deep woods", and how you only find this stuff in the deep woods... &gt;I have seen a terrapin turtle a size way beyond what Wikipedia or Google states as record breaking. So you've seen a record breaking generic term for a freshwater turtle? Terrapin isnt a species. &gt;Based on what you say and what I know you're not a person I would want along in untamed woods no matter what your papers say. Why do you have to be condescending? Apparently all of your anecdotes count as real data, but no one else's does?
Seriously? Did you even read the post? &gt; Apologies for not using venomous but I'm just an ignorant hillbilly who only knows how to catch game with a shoestring. Based on what you say and what I know you're not a person I would want along in untamed woods no matter what your papers say. OP is being a condescending prick, who thinks no one else has had real life experiences that count, because they are different than OP's life. The person they are saying this to probably the most well known and respected snake scientist on this website, but apparently they deserve to be shamed for posting real facts and not anecdotes.
That would only work if I had cable or ota tv, right?
They will probably be happy to charge you their labor rate to clean. Much cheaper if you do it yourself, just wear gloves.
I have YouTube red but not TV, since it's the same cost as cable.
Looks like that page has been taken down or got reddit hugged, it's throwing http error 500 now. Anyone have a mirror? Edit: back now
The tounge is high because it's cranked up to clear the ball. On the truck it would have been lower.
Do you have the missing parts? What exactly is broken, the plastic, the wiring, other?
That may be company policy but it's not law. If you state the call may be recorded, the other end can too without notification.
Doesn't matter, as soon as one party announces that the call may be being recorded all parties are allowed to record it.
What kind of snake? I ask because a mesh lidded top is not good for ball pythons, but it's generally fine for domestic snakes like King and milk and corn snakes. If you're setting up for a ball python, you're going to want to repair it in a different way that is a lot more sealed up.
Monokini
Do the toddlers that are sitting alone in detention centers get days off? Or their parents who haven't seen their kids in months? They are under a court order with a deadline, which exists because they broke the law in the first place. They can certainly take some time off in two weeks when the deadline is past and they have reunited the under-5 year old kids that are still waiting to see their parents.
If the only thing broken is the power input connector, someone with knowledge and tools to solder could fix it. You will need to buy a new input jack, or solder on some other solution.
If it is affecting other electricity in the house, you need an electrician. That kind of thing is not to be messed with by an amateur.
The president of China has been compared to looking like Winnie the Pooh, and so has banned the image or mention on Chinese internet.
Looks like that watch had a plated finish that is wearing off. That white and green fuzzy stuff is corrosion, a chemical interaction with things in the environment and the base metal of the watch band. You can clean it off with a metal polish like flitz or Brasso, but you will never get it back looking brand new because the outer plating has worn off. If you really want to restore it, look into getting it replated.
I did not say any of those things, please do not put words in my mouth. I'm saying that the police would not respond to a call about an accident like this in most large cities. It would be up to the drivers to document the accident, get any witness contact info they can, and then the insurance companies will do an investigation and work out who they think is at fault. Insurance companies do not take police reports as absolute truth, there are tons of examples of insurance companies not paying out even with the police report in the favor of the person who got hit on this very sub. And to your last sentence, yes absolutely. Just like a lawsuit, anyone can accuse anyone else of something like that. That is what insurance fraud is, and some people make a good living doing that. This is the whole reason many of us use dash cams.
Cool, perfect then! Personally I'd go grab one of those screen repair kits at a hardware store, it's a little piece of screen you kind of sew into place and would work just fine for this.
Really depends on where you are located, there aren't any big National chains that do this kind of work but many of the smaller cell phone repair shops will do soldering work as well.
Same for me, says I have to login to view the article
Remove the two screws and pull, that's all there is to it.
It's because that's where they get all their information about which restaurants to go to. I recently visited family in another part of the nation that lives in a relatively small town. There are only one or maybe two of each type of restaurants, so one pizza parlor and one Italian Cafe and one Asian place and one Chinese buffet Etc. Trying to pick a place to go out was incredibly difficult, because every place I brought up someone had heard something bad about it on social media and so vetoed the choice, even if they got spectacular reviews online.
Go above your manager. You literally had credible death threats directed at you, and the bartender was assaultes and battered. There is absolutely no excuse for not calling the cops, and you probably have an unsafe workplace lawsuit in your back pocket now of you want it. Go to the owner/corporate and tell the whole truth. Any decent company will deal with it, if they fail to do so report them to the labor board. It's illegal to make employees work in a dangerous environment.
A "whole" barn in 10 hours. Everything except the foundation, framing of the first floor, and building of the roof trusses. Those are just minor "site prep" steps.
Sugru is perfect for this.
I like the exo terra XL reptile caves for my adult female. Big enough she fits, heavy enough she doesn't flip them or end up with a loop sticking out.
&gt;Also my mom won’t let me get any decor before I actually bought a snake, so it won’t be fully set up. You need to have hides at the minimum, *before* you get a snake. Those are basic necessities, which are important to your snake's health. More clutter and decorations are better, particularly for young snakes. It helps them hide and feel comfortable, avoiding stress. You need to get the enclosure setup the same way it will be when your snake is in it, so you can tune the temps and humidity etc. Start getting it setup and working now, there's no reason to wait and lots of reasons to start early. Think of it this way - you wouldn't build a house and then move in before the bedrooms have a roof. Why would you move a snake into a cage with no bedroom?
They eat their toast butter side down!
You need to have a minimum of two identical hides, one on each end of the tank. That way your snake does not have to choose between being comfortably hidden and being the right temperature. You didn't mention a thermostat - they are not optional. Each heat source in an enclosure needs to have its own thermostat controlling it, or you risk burns, even with just an under tank heat mat. You also need a thermometer to know the temps at both ends of the enclosure. I suggest reviewing the sticky posts at the top of this subreddit, there is a ton of really good info in there and it sounds like you are missing some key parts of a safe and healthy enclosure.
Go check the tool kits and vids on ifixit.com, they will show any differences.
In the US we use half the voltage (120V), so twice the amps. Most normal outlet circuits are limited at either 15A or 20A, so he was maxing it out even if it was a 20A circuit.
That's what print on demand systems are good for. Walk up to the printer, badge or sign in, and out comes your print. Forget to go get it? It never gets printed.
Much easier to find a new job if you quit then if you were fired for cause like a failed drug test.
So how many people left at once?
How did the company do after you all left?
That's up modernization, that's management getting rid of people who cost more than entry wage.
The common wisdom says two identical, because you can't make the decision for your snake which one he likes better. Half logs are generally considered not enclosed enough to be a good hide, you want your snake to be able to get completely out of sight around a corner. I have seen half logs made better by attaching stuff to the front and back to close them in, but then they get harder to clean. Personally I use all plastic or stone ceramic type stuff in my enclosure is because I want to be able to clean them in soap and water. A half log will eventually become smeared with feces and really difficult to clean. https://www.reddit.com/r/ballpython/comments/br1ufq/megathread_protips_for_beginners/
&gt;If you are unwilling to allow your employer to do a background check you definitely shouldn’t be working there. They weren't employees, they were contractors. Big difference.
Dunno, you'd need to check the sidebars of those subs. I just know they dont allow illicit things and nuclear does.
Don't even need a lawyer to get the process started, just go talk to your state's labor board. If you do end up needing a lawyer they can help find ones that work on contingency.
Exactly. Your card is always full.
YouTube itself can trim videos right on the upload screen. No real excuses anymore.
It does, they just didn't deploy.
There's no way to judge that from a video. SRSs are very complicated systems that take input from a lot of other systems and sensors. Without reviewing the system logs there's no way to judge whether they should or should not have deployed.
Yeah, lets completely negaye the purpose of making a HOV lane by driving the same speed as the normal traffic lanes! That'll really make good use of it!
Unfortunately that sub is pretty dead, like one new thread a week.
You need to remove the tape. Any adhesive is a big danger for snakes, just google "ball python tape" and be prepared for very nsfw images. All heat sources (including lights, heat mats, etc) need to be on individual thermostats. You need a way to measure the temperature of each end of the tank accurately. You also need a way to measure humidity. The eaisest way to do this is use a digital indoor/outdoor thermometer with humidity, and put the outdoor probe in the hot hide and the body on the cool side of the tank. Your humidity needs to be correct all the time, not just a moist hide when she's in shed. You didn't picture the lid of the tank but it looks like the type that has a mesh lid, which lets far too mich air move and lowers humidity drastically. Please review the sticky posts at the top of this subreddit, there's a lot of important info in there.
IR repeater kit will let you use the normal remote from the booth/backstage.
You'd end up with edges that stick up the thickness of the white plastic, it would be unrideable.
[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/927)
I assume you are a mandated reporter for that kind of thing? Did her parents end up in jail?
Making a mistake is one thing, but actively lying about delivering a package is inexcusable.
As someone who owns two of these cheap shower heads, no the hose will never loosen up. They have a thick plastic liner and are not actually spiral metal, they are just plastic in that shape and look. I have had mine for years and they still look just like the photo. The real metal ones don't have thick black lines like the one in the photo, nor do they end up with kinks in them like the hose has on the top right in the photo.
Spray-on texture compound, a wet washcloth, a bit of time, then a coat of paint.
Also large levels of dairy such as cheese and milk.
Wait, what does TransUnion have to do with a criminal background check?
Probably best to just replace it. Hardware stores or fire place supply places can get you a new one.
There are two things that can cause a single spark igniter not to work. An open circuit, where the electricity is not getting all the way to the tip because of a broken wire or disconnected connector, or a short circuit, where the power is reaching ground (the frame of the stove) before it gets to the tip of the igniter. Inspect the wiring on the underside of the stove. The high-voltage of the spark can get through any little tiny break in insulation. Sometimes you can hear or see where the spark is going instead of the actual ignitor by turning on the ignitor and inspecting while it clicks.
No, doordash jacks up the restaurant prices (without telling the consumer they did so) and adds a delivery fee. The restaurant get screwed over because they have to do all the customer service and fix ordering mistakes, but they don't get any chance at making tips or delivery fees or anything. In general restaurant owners I talked to said these delivery services cost them money and were bad for business.
Or just ate
&gt;It is only relative to depth, not depth and length of dive. I'm just a recreational diver, but that doesn't jive with the training I have had. The longer you spend at higher pressure, the more nitrogen dissolves in your blood and the more likely you are to feel narcosis because of it. This is why saturation divers breathe gas mixes with no nitrogen, and even recreational divers often use nitrox mixes which lower the amount of nitrogen in the air to lower the chance of nitrogen narcosis and decompression sickness.
Recreational divers all just breathe standard air or sometimes something called nitrox, which is a mix of nitrogen and oxygen at a higher oxygen percentage than standard air. Any diver that is bringing pure oxygen down with them is a technical diver, and they generally carry multiple bottles of different gas mixes to be used at the different stages of their dive. It is common for technical divers that go deep enough to need decompression stops to use close to pure oxygen as they near the surface, because that lets them exhale the nitrogen dissolved in their blood more quickly and shorten their decompression stop.
Back when I was using coconut I realized that actually soaking it was not really a viable option. Instead, I would just break it up by hand with a screwdriver and then sprinkle a small bit of water over the top to moisten it a little bit. The first time I soaked it, I ended up having to take it all out of the enclosure and spread it on trays for a couple of days to dry it out a bit. It really can hold a lot of water. Also realize that as long as it isn't damp to the touch and you don't have standing droplets of water on the floor, you can't really have humidity that is too high. Moist surfaces can eventually lead to scale rot, but short-term a little bit of moisture and high air humidity is no big deal.
Jas. Townsend and Sons Channel on YouTube did a great video about mushroom ketchup during the civil war. It's essentially steak sauce made from mushrooms and spices, and was a common thing for soldiers during the Civil War because their rations were often just a piece of plain meat and no other seasonings. He reads some contemporary journal entries from soldiers talking about how they were really disappointed when they had to eat without sauce.
It depends on the design of the bed. Assuming you have a standard wood framed wall, typically a few stout wood screws into studs is all you need, assuming the design of the bed allows you to just screw through it. Sometimes you need to use some sort of bracket.
A standard four and a half inch angle grinder with a diamond masonry wheel would be my tool of choice for that work. Wear a dust mask and eye protection. If you don't already own one, you can buy a grinder and the wheel at Harbor Freight for only a few dollars.
Try to swing? As in tried to punch them?
If it is that new it is probably still under warranty. I would reach out to the manufacturer for support.
Go buy a Panamax pm-8 o similar. That thing is decades-old and needs to be replaced. The protection in these devices does wear out over time. If you really feel like keeping it around as a power strip and not relying on the protection, open it up and pull out the switch so you can get measurements and then find a similar one on mouser.com.
No, super glue will not work. Glue in general will probably not work unless you are willing to make a nice big lump of fiberglass around the joint, and even then I'm not sure I would trust it. I would try and look up the manufacturer and model of the fan and then contacting them to see if you can buy a replacement part.
Naw, once they get it down they are generally good as long as you leave them alone to digest.
Heat mats do not raise ambient temperatures, they only make a warm spot on the floor. To raise ambient temperature as you will need some sort of overhead heat, like a ceramic heat emitter or radiant heat panel. Make sure that each heat source on an enclosure has its own thermostat. Additionally, you mentioned your humidity was between 55 and 60%. 60% humidity is the absolute bare minimum for a ball python, 55 is too low. You really should be shooting for 75% to 80%.
Yeah that seems majorly messed up. Generally anytime a wild animal attacks humans, it is killed so they can do a rabies test in the autopsy. I am blown away that they wouldn't want to test this squirrel. Rabies is not a disease you f*** around with, it's horrible.
That has always been my issue with satellite radio. I first tried it back in the early 2000s, and was severely disappointed when it sounded like a horrible compressed MP3 with no bass. Lo and behold, 15 years later in a brand-new expensive vehicle it still sounds like an mp3 from 1995. It's just inexcusable.
As someone who installed televisions professionally for a decade, when cell phones with good cameras came around it was a godsend. The ability to slide a smartphone behind a TV mounted to the wall and snap a photo of the connections and the model data plate instead of needing two people to dismount and remount it was incredibly helpful.
&gt; "He leaped with extraordinary grace," Hickox said, describing Simoza's effort. "Only a poet like Homer could have described it." I want this person to describe me getting home from work everyday. I'm sure it would be inspiring.
That's probably the best use case for those smart light bulbs I have heard of. Great idea!
To be fair, they generally are used for training as well. When I first started in a call center years ago you reviewed a minimum of two random calls every shift with your manager.
A bad solder joint would be an easy fix, but doing the troubleshooting and determining exactly where that loose solder is st is not as easy. Modems and routers are both commodity items built incredibly cheaply, and often modems in particular are total crap. However, there's no guarantee that the modem is the issue. It could just as easily be the signal coming to your house. No way to know without proper tools and testing. If you call your ISP when it goes out, they may be able to give you more information via diagnostics.
1. Buy iTunes gift card using school credit card. 2. Sell iTunes gift card on Craigslist for cash 3. Use cash at various strip joints and whatever else you want to blow it on.
The yellow wires need to end up connected to the ends of that skinny copper wire coil. However, there is nothing in your photo that shows exactly where they should connect. Take some more detailed photos from multiple angles and we might be able to help.
Who is this survey for? Who are you, and what group do you represent? What will this information be used for?
I can't imagine what they were thinking, they weren't close enough to the driver in front of them to be just playing follow the leader, and the light was still green when they started accelerating so it's not like they were trying to race the yellow and figured the van would stop. They just straight-up drove in front of an oncoming car.
That's a pretty darn good idea actually. Especially if the wok actually gets nice and hot, this would be a great outdoor cooking tool.
&gt;The birthday girl did pretty aggressively shoulder check one of my servers, and the bartender ended up taking the table because everyone else refused to talk to them, but nothing burnt down (though the insane bday girl did threaten it). "Ma'am, you have now committed battery against one of my employees and threatened arson against the establishment. You can pay and leave on your own right now, or you can have the police escort you out, your choice." There's absolutely no way those people should have been allowed to stay after both threatening and committing actual violence. Giving them a warning before calling the police is not even something they deserve, but worth doing in case they might actually leave without extra drama.
&gt;I’m guessing this is for you only and you aren’t building a web server for general use by everyone. I would like to have multiple users able to use the DS video app or videostation, so yes I need to have the login page available on the internet. I already have a secure remote access solution for getting into my local network, and any account on the Synology with more than just DS video access has 2fa enabled. I have thought that that plus https only login access would be enough security, are there other vulnerabilities in this method?
I appreciate the advice, thanks.
It's not really the fire risk - though that does exist, it also does exists with a grinder's sparks. I was more talking about the fact that a damaged hose or accidentally cracked valve can present an explosion risk that can put a whole large physical zone filled with people in danger, not just one or two people which is all that could be hurt by a grinder accident. Both acetylene and oxygen are incredibly dangerous when concentrated and compressed.
&gt; Our review of orders for more than 200 people revealed that judges sent about 80 percent to a center for violating the terms of their probation. In 16 orders, the only violation listed was the defendant’s failure to pay. Almost all of the people in the program were given a specific amount of money they must earn before their release. In 15 cases we found, the judges sentenced defendants to the restitution centers for an amount of money and a time limit of 90 days to three years. As I read this, out of 200 cases they reviewed, only 15 had a time limit imposed. Almost all of them have a specific amount of money they have to earn before they can be released. Are you saying that this quote is inaccurate?
Let's see if I can remember all the rental and loaner vehicles with satellite radio I've driven in recently: Toyota Tacoma, Toyota RAV4, Honda Ridgeline, Honda CRV, Honda Prius, Honda Civic, Acura sedan (TL?), Chevy Equinox, Ram diesel pickup. I posit that it's not my vehicle or music that is shit, it's *your* ears. If you can't hear the difference between listening to a CD and Sirius Radio, you probably need to have your ears checked.
I don't own an expensive car, and I *definitely* don't own one with satellite radio in it. I have however driven in a bunch of late model cars with Sirius Radio recently. Let's see if I can remember all the rental and loaner vehicles with satellite radio I've driven in recently: Toyota Tacoma, Toyota RAV4, Honda Ridgeline, Honda CRV, Honda Prius, Honda Civic (some high end trim version), Acura sedan (TL?), Chevy Equinox, Ram diesel pickup. If you seriously think that every one of those vehicles has a shit sound system and only yours is good, then I have a some magic gold-plated, helical twisted speaker wire to sell you. Satellite radio has a bit rate of about 64 kilobits a second. If you really believe it sounds the same as high bitrate FLAC, you probably need to have your ears checked.
&gt;I’m simply a student doing research for my essay in my college research class. What college? What class? What will the date be used for? I am blown away that any college research class would allow you to put out a survey like this without those questions being answered for participants before hand. Reading the survey page there is basically no information at all about what the survey is for and how the data will be used. Why would I give you my email address for something like that?
Because the first time he tried he ended up using an emergency rescue beacon called a SPOT and they had to go rescue him. He's not doing it on his own, and he is putting a lot of other lives in danger when he calls for rescue when he fails. It's all fine if he wants to go do it all on his own, but when he's in the middle of the ocean stopping other mariners to ask for directions and clearly unable to take care of himself, then has to call for rescue when his stupid little bubble falls on its side, he is clearly not competent to be doing what he is trying to do, and it is clear that if he is allowed to do it again he will just end up putting other people in danger again when they have to rescue him.
That's exactly right, and that's why the Coast Guard will sink abandoned vehicles that are hazards to navigation, just like his bubble.
Absolutely. Unfortunately, this jerk-off didn't do it on his own he decided to call for rescue by the Coast Guard the first time he had his stupid little bubble fall over on its side.
Yeah he wants to be there, until a couple of days in when his stupidly conceived bubble falls on its side and he has no way to right it. Then he calls the coast guard for rescue since he didn't actually want to be there anymore.
Honestly, as a native English speaker who learn German in school, I found German far simpler. For instance, when pronouncing words - in German it is a pretty easy to use rule that you always pronounce the second letter of an ie or ei combination: nein is pronounced "nine", never "neen". English seems to have far more exceptions to rules.
**I VOLUNTEER**!
Except the moderator drdreamtime who did all the furry stuff still has full permissions and is boasting about it in comments while banning anyone who asks about it.
It's often the rich ones that are the most neglected.
https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3619717 It is fairly large, I printed mine at 90% to fit my hand better.
Are the email addresses or any other information from the form shared with Polaroid?
The whole point of a puberty blocker is so that they *can* decide once they are older. If they go through puberty, permanent changes happen to their body which may make a successful transition more difficult later on. By using safe drugs to block those changes for a couple of years, they get the chance to make the decision with a little more world experience under their belt once they are adults. There are not life-altering decisions being made for trans minors, other than allowing them to dress and act the way they want to. In the case of trans kids that is often life-altering in a very good way (much lower levels of depression and suicide in trans kids that get support as opposed to having to hide how they feel). And as for the whole reassignment surgery on minors - that just doesn't happen. It's political fear-mongering.
&gt;No child can possibly be sure of such a huge choice. That is the whole point of puberty blockers. They allow the child to make the decision later on, after they are adults. &gt;Aren't we just over sexualizing kids. Let them have the freedom to be kids. This is not an issue of sexualisation. That is a totally separate concern.
It's actually on this day for very good reason. The session that Virginia legislature holds is very short, so there are very few times when there is a holiday and people can get out of work and show up to a demonstration like this. There's also lots of lobbying going on directly with lawmakers during this whole thing.
Universal background checks are already a thing for any commercial sale. Anyone who sells a firearm commercially without doing a background check is violating the law. And if you want to bring up the whole gun show / private sale "loophole", well that stuff does happen, it's not all that common and unfortunately the government does not provide a way for private people to process a NICS background check.
Here is a humorous and simple to understand explanation of how a battery works from ElectroBoom: https://youtu.be/XcFOOfqfx3s
What did she get contempt for? False accusations?
Generally if they are in shed I will check on them just before I go to bed. If they are out and about and looking around I will offer them a meal. If they are curled up in a hide and ignoring me then I don't bother.
If I recall correctly from when it happened, the issue was that they drove on them when they were soaking wet. In fact, the video was them wakeboarding behind a heavy RV. The RV left deep tracks in the flats, ruining them for normal motor sport for many years to come.
The problem is that power corrupts. Once American unions became powerful, they became corrupted. I have personally seen both sides of the coin, I've seen unions protect workers rights and do really good things and I've also seen them act like Mafia and stifle business and jack up costs artificially. Union workers at convention centers and the like are pretty much universally hated as they can cost up to 10 times as much as a normal worker and typically are far less competent.
Interestingly, the world is actually running out of the type of sand needed for structural concrete. There is actually a whole crime world of stealing sand from beaches.
Judging by the straps and shape of that, it's not designed for this use. That looks like a compact rescue stretcher/litter like this one: https://www.gmesupply.com/skedco-basic-sked-stretcher-system?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIrp-TnYSZ5wIVgYbACh0qCwBPEAQYAyABEgJizPD_BwE
Heavy freight trains in the distance can often make sounds like what you described. They can carry for miles. It's more common for the longer heavier trains to run at night as well.
Animal plastics, boaphile, vision products. Lots of brands out there since the bigger they get the less ~~symbol~~ simple it is to ship them. Google for PVC reptile enclosure.
Capacitors like these contain a liquid electrolyte, and years of heavy use in a hot environment can cause them to rupture or fail internally. Also, they can just straight-up wear out over time, particularly if they are being used hard, where they they still be conducting electricity in some manner but are out of specification. Typically large capacitors all together in a group on a board are used in parallel as a filter. As they were likely all manufactured at the same time and have all been used for the same exact duties, if one is failing there's a really good chance others close to failing as well. Typically you just replace them all to be certain, the parts are cheap so might as well make sure they are all new. A relatively common fix for LCD displays and TVs that don't turn on or need to be turned on multiple times is to just replace all the capacitors on the power supply board as they often fail. Additionally, if this is an OG Xbox there's a decent chance it has been affected by the capacitor plague: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capacitor_plague
If he was moving around while doing this, you're probably just feeling him holding on. They can be rather strong when they grip and move. If he froze in place or jerked his head backwards and then clenched, he probably got startled by something.
Those look like the legs off of a laptop stand that I have put together before. They just popped in place, the rear ones were longer so it would be tilted towards you.
There are definitely a lot of reasons to dislike police, but the study that came up with that number was very flawed scientifically.
I really appreciate your reply. I'm currently in the process of upgrading my network from flat to a managed switch with vlans, but as I'm teaching myself as I go it's not a particularly fast process, in part because I'm still trying to figure out what a reasonable Network topology is. Your comment helps me determine more of that info, so thank you!
The numbers in the article were really surprising, I had no idea how competitive CLT would be as far as strength and weight compared to steel. I think this is a great new technology and look forward to seeing it more.
I've worked in a lot of extremely high end houses in Southern California, with kitchens very much like in your picture. It's really common for the cabinet company to build the center table or Island similar to what you've shown, and I would bet my next paycheck that the cabinet company did the table in this photo. I know at least one cabinet shop that would just contract the steel frame out to their local fabrication shop that also did race car roll cages. They loved to boast about that fact. The frame only cost them a couple hundred bucks, and then they would wrap it the same way they would anything else that they were putting inside cabinets, typically with veneered plywood. The steel was just rectangular tubing welded together with square joints, no paint or grinding, and nothing fancy at all. It just let them use a three or four in structural member instead of a five or six inch one.
It is definitely there to prevent oxygen interacting with the weld as well. Depending on the material and type of weld you are doing nitrogen maybe more or less important than oxygen, but both are very important to keep out of the weld.
Lots of cheap aluminum handled screwdrivers come with handles that look like that these days. I've seen them branded under everything from Harbor Freight to Snap-on, and they all look identical.
Square shaft means you can put a wrench on that anytime you want.
Yeah, that's definitely a tree I will be avoiding with my chainsaw.
I'm sorry you got a rough start, but it sounds like you've done some research and know what you need to do next. &gt;How long do the tubs last? I've never even really considered this question, but I would have to answer - just about as long as pretty much anything else. I can't imagine a reason a tub would need to be retired unless it literally aged out the plastic which would be decades. &gt;I've seen multiple tutorials on setups and some recommend the thermostat for the UTH to be placed under the mat and some suggest between the mat and tub. As long as it is securely affixed to the heating mat, either way is fine. You will adjust the thermostat to tune the actual temperatures in the tub as read by a thermometer, as there will usually be an offset between your desired interior temperature and the actual temperature you have to set the thermostat for the mat at. &gt;She needs to be treated for mites so I'm thinking a small tub set up for now (she's only 2 feet currently) and when she's over the mites set up a larger tub that will go to adulthood depending on how often you have to replace them. Since I plan to have her for many many years one day I'll splurge for a PVC enclosure. If you plan to eventually move to a PVC enclosure, a smaller tub may be fine for now. Generally I recommend people to spend their money on an enclosure that will house their snake as an adult, as I don't find it economical to buy intermediate setups. But if you want to set up a basic tub first and then eventually move to a more expensive PVC enclosure I think that is a good path. Don't stress too much about the mites, they are treatable and it's not a big deal if you don't have other snakes. Personally I use pro products pro-vent-a-mite. It is extremely effective, but needs to be used very carefully and you must follow the directions **explicitly**.
Wtf is that crust even edible?
Science youtuber, started the channel The King of Random. Died paragliding last year.
Love this take!
That comment is completely fabricated, not true at all. Watch the longer video and you will see that the guy is roped up from below.
A small tree gets completely covered with snow, but traps an air pocket underneath it. Falling in headfirst is a very dangerous thing, particularly on a snowboard. People die every year from falling into tree wells.
I've read this before...
I just put my compost bin under the edge of the cabinet. That way you have a complete cutting board with no holes in it, and can just sweep any offcuts off the edge into the bin. This seems like a waste of space to me.
Bummer! They were my favorite BBQ joint in town.
The problem is the way they defined domestic violence, and the lack of adherence to the scientific method. They included a shouting match as something that should be reported the same as a punch to the face. Here's a quote from an old article reviewing some of the issues in the studies (there are two that are normally cited for this number, one in 1991 and one in 1992): &gt; 1. It does not differentiate between family conflict, abuse, or battering behavior. 2. It ignored differentials concerning how minor or severe an individual incident is. 3. There is no control group, regardless of how inconclusive the information is, to be compared with. 4. It is not a survey about "violence." 5. A violent beating carries as much weight as a simple loss of temper in anger. While I wholeheartedly believe that there are massive issues with the police in this country, the numbers in those studies just are not something you can take as fact.
That is the air flowing through the regulator or other systems being breathed by the astronauts in the space suits.
So the dangerous radiation is not coming from the sun, but it is the background radiation throughout the Universe?
Holy wow talk about going from 0 to 1000. How did you jump that far?
Trying to paint over wax without cleaning it up first is an exercise in frustration. It will just peel off.
According to the video comments, she already did not have a license.
Why is this flaired "Answered by Cody"? Is there an answer somewhere I'm missing?
The place to start looking would be at the things that are different when heat is running compared to air or fan. You didn't say what type of unit this is (gas, electric) so I can't give you any specifics. But if it were gas for example, you would be looking for things like the igniter circuit having a short in it.
Yup: https://reddit.statuspage.io/
&gt;President Mearns already sent that "whoops sorry y'all lol" email right after it happened. Was it really right after? &gt; University administrators did not contact Benson until two days later.
Pfff, I know the exact onion stock and location of each piece in my house at all times.
That's caused by exposure to silica dust, not from having large silica pellets around or in a microwave.
I've had Georgia Boys many times, they are my work's preferred place to cater from. I will take Rib House over them every day. I much prefer the style of BBQ sauce from Rib House.
I don't know the exact situation with coral snake anti-venom, but in general anti-venom is incredibly expensive to make and has a very very limited market. There is a worldwide lack of Anti-Venom availability right now, and it's actually getting worse as certain types of Anti-Venom stop being produced. One of the major issues is that it has a fairly short shelf-life, and when it costs hundreds of dollars per vial you can't really afford to be throwing it out and replacing it with fresh stuff if you are never dispensing it.
Charges are brought by the government, not individuals. In cases like this, often some charges are dropped and others pursued because those ones will have stiffer penalties or are much easier to prove. Sometimes, certain charges get dropped as part of a plea deal. Unfortunately, this often leads to citizens feeling like the government doesn't care when they won't prosecute a crime the way the citizen thinks it should be done.
&gt;And is there any snakes you might recommend for a first timer like myself? Ball pythons are great, but I tend to think of them as more of a level 2 snake compared to super easy beginner snakes like hognose or king or rat snakes. They have more strict housing environmental requirements than many of the common domestic pet snakes. A snake such as a corn snake or rat snake does is just fine at the ambient humidity in your home, while a ball python needs an enclosure that can hold higher humidity and temperatures. Definitely check out the beginner guide that ataraxia linked, there's a lot of good information in there. If you are willing to put in the money and effort to build a proper enclosure setup for a ball python, they are super docile and easy to care for, though they occasionally can be a bit frustrating to get eating consistently. As far as the dogs go, your snake should be kept in a place where it is not getting attention from them.
They only allow unidentified things, and this is clearly a knife.
All of the insulators I know use a right angle grinder to sharpen their knives. Definitely uses up your blade quickly when you are sharpening a few times a day.
Is that a rat snake?
\#2 on r/all, well done!
Firefighters maybe, definitely not teachers.
How about the pictures of the reporter whose eye was split in half by a marker round? Or the young woman who was shoved to the ground and given a concussion and seizures with no warning? Or the other young woman who was coming home from grocery shopping and had her forehead split open?
I can't find a local news story, how about the original tweet from the person who was hit: https://twitter.com/KillerMartinis/status/1266618525600399361?s=20 She has a bunch of other tweets around that same time explaining exactly what happened.
And the police deliberately flattened their tires after running after them so they couldn't keep going.
If you want to see what even a small propeller can do, Google "manatee propeller". Warning; the photos may be nsfw. You can also look up what ship propellers do to whales. When you have a 20 ton piece of metal spinning at a few hundred rpm, it doesn't even notice hitting something organic.
Here's a previous Reddit discussion of this, source of many of the quotes being thrown around: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskSocialScience/comments/b9fkny/is_the_claim_that_40_of_police_commit_domestic/?sort=confidence
Thank you! I came back to the link to find it and it seems to be have been pushed off the page.
Bummer.
&gt;I will say the laws are stacked against the criminal, Sounds like you're part of the problem with the system. You subconsciously consider anyone in court with police as witnesses against them as being a criminal already. Already working on your reputation so you can become a DA?
That's been a consistent thing throughout these protests. Protesters wearing their masks correctly, cops having them below their nose or under their chin. I've also noticed that it's often the supervisors or leaders who are not in full riot gear that are the ones not wearing their mask correctly. My understanding is that the white shirt shown in this photo is one of those officers.
Minnesota Police Department have in their training manuals a duty to intervene. It's probably coming down to whether or not the prosecutors can prove the other officers knew something was wrong. If so, then they can come down much harder on those other three officers. If they can't prove that though they need to go with the safe charge, whatever that may be.
And he will 100% not face any charges. He "feared for his life" and so it was justified.
I love the sentiment, but isn't an avalanche made of snow?
Yup, youre right! Corrected, thanks.
Lmpd have named two officers and put them on leave for the incident. The police chief was also fired because they did not turn on their body cams. News article say that both soldiers and police fired.
Trump literally told police he wanted them to throw people in the back of vans and "not be too gentle".
&gt; You know you can get sued for slander right? First, slander is spoken words. You probably mean libel, which is written. Second, it can't be slander if it's the truth. We all watched the video. He tried to incite violence and then ran like a coward when he rightfully got called out.
&gt;IIRC Noise cancelling headphones work by picking up the noise outside of them and playing that noise with the phase inverted so that your *brain* can’t hear it but the sound waves are still hitting your eardrums. No, that's not correct. Active sound cancelling headphones monitor the sounds coming in from the outside and then produce an inverse waveform of that sound. That creates destructive interference, lowering the total amplitude. It has nothing to do with your brain vs your eardrum, a microphone will pick it up the changes just the same as an ear since it's an actual physical change in sound pressure. No psychoacoustics involved. They are still not a good choice for sound protection if it's actually loud dangerous sounds, particularly if the sounds are transient like hammer blows or gunshots. Active noise-cancelling works best on steady-state sounds like engine noise, it generally doesn't respond quickly enough to dampen short transient noises to safe levels. Additionally, most noise cancelling headsets have pretty decent passive noise reduction as well, which does provide a modicum of protection against those transients.
You can't. If you have a whole slice across the log like this it will shrink far less radially than it will in circumference, so it *will* split. Anytime you have the pith of a log included in a piece of wood it's very difficult to keep it from splitting as it dries. Typically slabs like this have some artful butterfly inserts put across any large splits to keep them from growing, and sometimes they get cracks filled in with decorative epoxy as well.
Decorative tables
Depends on the species. Almost certainly at least 50 years, more likely a hundred and fifty. Could be double that. Large old-growth trees like this are a lot less common in the US than they were a hundred years ago, but they are still around. Value is determined by the quality of the particular log and how it is going to be used and where it is located. If you were attempting to just buy a whole log you would pay more to transport it then you would to purchase it most likely. Often trees in cities in residential areas you have to pay someone to have taken down and transport it away, trying to make it into lumber and selling it is pretty difficult to make a profit unless you're set up to do that in quantity somewhere. But at a guess if you had to go buy a stump like this guy is cutting up from a tree service I would expect to pay $100 to $500.
Sorry, but in practice that just isn't true. It's really normal to mill whole logs into dimensional lumber using an Alaskan Mill, and you can get them plenty accurate even on your last cut of the log. Like someone else mentioned, you are not making finished lumber with this tool you are rough milling it. Bumps and thickness variations up to a quarter inch are to be expected. Just like the lumber you buy at a store, if you want finished smooth flat boards you have to run the them through a planer or thickness sander after milling.
&gt;A jig secured to the ground would give a flat cut every time. That's called a sawmill, and they are not portable the same way an Alaskan mill is.
Dynamic positioning control typically uses azi pods and thrusters together in a computerized system to maintain the position of the ship within a few inches. It's the Tesla auto drive of ship control and positioning.
I want to watch the full documentary now!
Replace it, it's not worth the few dollars to risk burning your house down.
I agree with the others that you will need to add weight in order to make this actually work. Perhaps you could leave a port on the bottom of the model and fill it with sand?
On giant shear leg cranes? Or do you mean tugboats like your username indicates? These cranes appear to be self-propelled, I don't see any tugboats involved.
CPR summary: https://www.cpr.org/2020/06/02/polis-praises-denver-protesters-acts-of-goodwill-in-first-public-address-since-demonstrations-began/
Can you post some photos of the wires and circuitry you are talking about?
Looks like they are some sort of pin. Have you tried contacting the manufacturer of the umbrella?
J-B Weld is one of the most popular fuel proof adhesive sealers for good reason. It's a reinforced epoxy, so generally very strong. As long as the places it's attaching to are solid, it should hold up.
You'll need to figure out what the cause of the stains are. It could be hard water stains, which can be removed with CLR or vinegar or similar techniques. It could also be a damaged low emission coating, which is not really repairable but you might be able to completely remove it to make the glass fully clear. Can you post some photos?
Not arrested, just charged. They have until June 5th to turn themselves in. They are still out free.
Charged, but not arrested. They're still out free until June 5th. Double standards continue.
No, alcohol is pretty mild. It's not even going to remove the green corrosion for the most part.
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/gvf3is/he_must_resign_attorney_general_barr_personally/fsox3w8/ Not YT but much easier to share
You're totally right, they are tough to see on a phone with the sped up video.
That's the pipe for your fire sprinklers. Call a fire sprinkler company to repair it, not just a plumber. Fire sprinklers have their own building codes.
Burger King in Las Vegas did that to me in 2005. The manager promised me a refund and coupons and all sorts of things, then ghosted me. I've not eaten Burger King by choice ever since then and I tell anyone who ever mentions Burger King the story. I hope I cost them a ton of lost business.
You need to watch the complete video. He goes in and out of the door at least four times, and the last time it's definitely not a spatula in his hand, and he turns a completely different direction from the other times when he was going to the BBQs.
Same, which is why I asked.
Not just a concussion, there was an x-ray going around 2 days ago posted by a doctor showing someone with a fractured skull from a non-lethal round. The doctor said the prognosis was not good, best-case they were affected for life.
https://www.reddit.com/r/entertainment/comments/gvwp95/john_boyega_delivers_rousing_protest_speech_if_i/fsrtmt3/
There are very few jobs in this world where complaints against co-workers result in loss of life or liberty. This is a false equivalence.
Just make the Coogan laws apply to them. They're being used as child actors, they should be treated as such.
I agree that bail is bad for poor people, but I don't think it's unreasonable for a business that provides near-instantaneous 24-hour a day loans to charge 10% interest. Payday lenders charge far more, and no way they're going to give you that money at 3 a.m. on a Sunday.
It safe to eat in a similar way that sushi is safe to eat raw, but you wouldn't eat most other fish sold at a market raw. There are specific laws concerning the preparation and handling when those dishes are prepared and sold to keep them extra clean.
At least one democratic senator is taking action: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/dem-senator-we-cannot-tolerate-american-secret-police-n1224761
It's only recently hit the mainstream, but already there's a senator who says he's going to take action: https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/dem-senator-we-cannot-tolerate-american-secret-police-n1224761
https://snew.notabug.io/r/entertainment/comments/gvwp95/john_boyega_delivers_rousing_protest_speech_if_i/fsrtmt3/
I'm sure you could make it work, but I don't think you could carry enough compressed air with you the last a whole race without being massively overweight. I think you'd be better off using a reaction wheel or a set of propellers if you needed that amount of control.
Oh yeah, if it is between the panes of glass then you probably want to pro to address it. Handling those pieces of glass without the right tools is pretty difficult.
I...I need an adult.
No, it's "less lethal". No manufacturer of these ammunitions claim they are not lethal.
No, they arent. You will never find a manufacturer of these ammunitions calling them less "than" lethal. They are less-lethal options, because they always have the possibility of being lethal.
The police insurance agencies would never allow that to happen, because it's not less "than" lethal, it's less-lethal. These types of ammunition always have the possibility of being lethal.
Holy shit the comments in that thread. I didn't realize Tampa was full of people who think police violence is justified as long as it is after curfew.
Don't ever try to park at LAX. They love to ticket you for no front plate.
It does not make any grammatical sense. If you try and diagram the sentence, it is nonsensical. &gt; Also, btw, the fact that you, ... lost respect for someones achievements far outweigh the words that he says... Who is the subject of the sentence? Who is making acheivements, and who is outweighing the words, and who is "he"? I'm not trying to be mean or cantankerous, I literally could not understand what this person was trying to say.
Z87 safety goggles are not particularly protective anyway. Better than sunglasses, but definitely not intended to protect you from projectiles. That rating is tested with a 1 inch round ball dropped from 50 inches high. Not high energy, not pointy, and not particularly dangerous.
Felons aren't allowed to own firearms. There's a lot of rhetoric on the internet about how gun control laws don't work, but when you see that idiot with a bow and arrow instead of a shotgun because he's not allowed to own firearms it's pretty clear that the laws are (at least sometimes) doing what they're intended to do.
There is a Z87+ that is technically rated for impact, but they're still probably not saving you from a fractured grinding disc or a less lethal projectile at 5m. I've seen enough gory photos that I try to always wear a proper face mask along with eye protection when using anything that could shoot things at my eyes with enough energy to pop them.
In the future if this happens ask once in writing and then go to your local labor board. They will be happy to get you your money.
Free speech means that the *government* can't punish you for talking, it doesn't mean you don't suffer any consequences for your speech. Other people and businesses are absolutely free to shun you and shame you for things that you say.
No one said anything about being "better"...
What exactly has Elon Musk done that blows a grad student out of the water? He dropped out of his PhD program after 2 days. Here's what I know he *did* do: grow up a privileged child of wealthy parents, and then get lucky by shotgun investing that money during a tech boom. He didn't invent anything as far as I know, he's just a wealthy investor that's good at drumming up support on social media. Even his investment in PayPal was not something special, most of his other investments at that time failed, he just got lucky that he got in early with PayPal.
https://www.bigeasymagazine.com/2019/09/03/drew-brees-records-video-for-anti-lgbt-religious-organization/ This article discusses how he has been a financial supporter of the anti-lgbt group that promotes conversion therapy since 2010.
"Things, or people? We're really only looking for the latter category, though we make exceptions for dogs too."
Yep! Her last name was Shaffer at that time. &gt; Olympic skier &gt; Competing in the Alpine skiing events at the 1998 Winter Olympics held in Nagano, Japan, Alex Shaffer finished 9th in the Women's Combined and did not finish in the Women's Giant Slalom. She also competed in the Alpine Skiing events at the 2002 Winter Olympics held in Salt Lake City, Utah, where she finished 28th in the Women's Giant Slalom.[2]
Years ago, and then he was forgiven even though the things he did were against terms of service. He's actively posting about this thread, he's still here.
Ahh, gotcha. He got banned from all the power modded subs, not all of Reddit right?
There's a pretty big difference between purchasing goods for yourself and donating money directly to a group that uses it for hate.
I'm assuming that part is not intended rotate. If the ear bud is still producing sound, you can just glue it back together. Use something intended for plastic.
Those look like the image is physically being worn away. If that's the case, you can put a coating over them such as a large clear sticker or even spray clear coat such as acrylic.
Wood filler putty smoothed in place with a plastic putty knife. Then sand it with some 220 grit on a sanding block, or a sanding sponge. Don't hand sand it or it will end up bumpy. Paint once putty is smooth. Read and follow the instructions on the packages for the putty and the paint.
I remember the last one, it was DC instead of AC.
I had some issues with odor from my disposal recently and was surprised at how effective a citrus drain and disposal cleaning product worked.
I suggest using a proper lubricant before running it much more. WD-40 is not intended as a lubricant, it is a solvent and will carry away grease. This leaves the bearings dry and then dust in there starts to wear them out more quickly. Having the bearings get worn and dirty is a pretty common failure mode for these types of motors that are used on fans. You can often limp them along by lubricating the bearings, but eventually they will wear out and can't be economically repaired. I have an old cheap fan that won't start if it's cold, but if you turn it on and get the blade slowly rotating in a couple minutes it warms up the oil and runs just fine.
Pump bearings/seal possibly.
The firefighters themselves may not touch it, but they will happily send a fire marshal out to inspect. Fire marshals can pressure your building management to fix the system. They are empowered to inspect fire safety on commercial properties and enforce occupancy limits if it's unsafe, getting on the bad side of a fire marshal is a good way to get your building declared unsafe for occupancy until you spend a whole lot of money upgrading safety stuff.
Use a two-part epoxy specifically intended for plastic, and rough up the area the glue will touch with sandpaper or an emery board or something similar to make sure it's clean and has texture the glue can grip. Clean everything with rubbing alcohol before gluing, you need to get all dirt and oils off of the surfaces for the best bond.
The proper way to fix it would be to remove the board, fill the damage, re-drill the hole, and repaint it. Depending on the age and the brand, you may also be able to just purchase a replacement louver board. Most of the plantation shutters I've seen you can't remove any of the slats without disassembling the frame or cutting the pin. You can get replacement pins that are spring loaded and will allow you to snap a replacement or repaired board back in place. Search YouTube for "fixing plantation shutters" there are number of good videos out there.
If you suspect it's moisture, put them in an airtight jar with a bag of desiccant for a week.
I'd start with a cloth and some warm soapy water. Wring the cloth out well, and keep water away from the frame. If you need something stronger, try some simple green or rubbing alcohol. The next step above that would probably be a magic eraser, but be aware those are abrasive and can damage surfaces if you're not careful. Test everything on the back or an inconspicuous edge before using it on a visible area.
Unfortunately that twisted cable inside the wall probably needs a new end put on it now, that could pretty easily be damaged the point of not working correctly, particularly if it's carrying digital cable or internet signal. The simple solution would be to try and replace the coaxial keystone insert in the plate and replace the end on the twisted cable. Look for a brand name on the ethernet jack, those don't appear to be Leviton but I may be mistaken. If you can get a new keystone insert, you should be able to just pop the old one out and bin it. For the coax cable coming out of the wall, you should cut the end off behind the twisting damage and put a new end on. I recently had to do this for a friend while I was traveling and had no tools, and found out that you can now get compression style F connector ends that don't require any tools beyond a wire stripper or knife to install. You strip the wire to the correct dimensions and then push the connector on, and screwing it onto a matching connector permanently attaches it to the wire.
The stuff I used was Zep brand organic citrus drain &amp; disposal cleaner. It was probably whatever was cheap at the home-improvement store.
I suppose that's one way to make Karens go extinct...
&gt; The sentiment is surely as timeless a grumble as any. Pour encourager les autres, borrowed from Voltaire, is used often enough to find its way into dictionaries (e.g. MW, OLD). Taken literally, it would map more closely to the meaning of make an example of someone to use a modern idiom. Candide (1759), however, is a work of satire, and the phrase is used ironically. &gt;For the phrasing as X until morale improves, however, there doesn't seem to be any clear origin, nor for variations floating around like floggings will continue until morale improves (which I have seen on T-shirts as FWCUMI) or all leave has been canceled until morale shall have improved, among others. &gt;Morale in the sense of one's confidence and good emotional state is attested only from the early 19th century, according to the OED. Prior to that, the predominant meaning would have been morality. As such, I think the attribution to Captain Bligh of the Bounty is probably apocryphal, especially as there appears to be no such direct quotation from him or from the mutineers, even in their Hollywood adaptations. &gt;A military origin is possible. There is an entry in Robert Heinl's 1966 Dictionary of Military and Naval Quotations, published by the U.S. Naval Institute: `There will be no liberty on board this ship until morale improves. — Excerpt from Plan of the Day, USS * * *` &gt;A cartoon captioned … and all liberty is canceled until morale improves appears even further back in All Hands, a magazine published by the U.S. Bureau of Naval Personnel, from November 1961. &gt;There are unattested attributions on the web to some or other never-named World War II Japanese naval commander. That too, seems likely to be apocryphal. But such a tale could have been spun by one sailor and then popularized through the ranks, eventually making its way into print and vernacular usage. https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/371325/origin-of-the-beatings-will-continue-until-morale-improves
That's the apocryphal part. There's no evidence tying it to Bligh, or even that it's ever been said in that exact form. &gt; The sentiment is surely as timeless a grumble as any. Pour encourager les autres, borrowed from Voltaire, is used often enough to find its way into dictionaries (e.g. MW, OLD). Taken literally, it would map more closely to the meaning of make an example of someone to use a modern idiom. Candide (1759), however, is a work of satire, and the phrase is used ironically. &gt;For the phrasing as X until morale improves, however, there doesn't seem to be any clear origin, nor for variations floating around like floggings will continue until morale improves (which I have seen on T-shirts as FWCUMI) or all leave has been canceled until morale shall have improved, among others. &gt;Morale in the sense of one's confidence and good emotional state is attested only from the early 19th century, according to the OED. Prior to that, the predominant meaning would have been morality. As such, I think the attribution to Captain Bligh of the Bounty is probably apocryphal, especially as there appears to be no such direct quotation from him or from the mutineers, even in their Hollywood adaptations. &gt;A military origin is possible. There is an entry in Robert Heinl's 1966 Dictionary of Military and Naval Quotations, published by the U.S. Naval Institute: `There will be no liberty on board this ship until morale improves. — Excerpt from Plan of the Day, USS * * *` &gt;A cartoon captioned … and all liberty is canceled until morale improves appears even further back in All Hands, a magazine published by the U.S. Bureau of Naval Personnel, from November 1961. &gt;There are unattested attributions on the web to some or other never-named World War II Japanese naval commander. That too, seems likely to be apocryphal. But such a tale could have been spun by one sailor and then popularized through the ranks, eventually making its way into print and vernacular usage. https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/371325/origin-of-the-beatings-will-continue-until-morale-improves
You're welcome, good luck!
Yes! I was in college and looked at my friends in confusion when they mentioned "squeaky cheese". I found myself forcefully guided to a local cheese factory days later to experience the awesomeness of fresh cheese curds.
"Turned themselves in" often means that a police officer made a phone call and said "You can either show up at the police department or we can come get you, your choice." In local articles about the incident, the police say they received hundreds of tips about his identity.
That would be the civil court system.
Except getting a small claims court judgement is only the first step. Then you have to hire bailiffs to try and enforce it for you, which may or may not actually get you any money.
In that case the bank already owns the car, they are letting you use it while you pay it off. They can take it back anytime they want.
They see the Cheeto in Chief getting away with lies and blatant deception every day and think they can do it too, since they support him. They don't realize you have to be a (pretend) billionaire to get that kind of a pass.
Taping a piece of paper to a man-made structure is defacing nature?
The plural of anecdote is not data. Just because it happened to work once on your particular vehicle does not mean it's the same for all vehicles everywhere, every time it happens.
Yes, the exhaust manifold on an engine can easily reach over 900F. That's double the typical flashpoint of most automotive oils (450F).
Yes...what's your point? Those are two very different things.
Yep. Once her boyfriend returned fire and hit the officer, they retreated and didn't go back to the apartment until more officers arrived. This article could have more details, but it helped me understand what happened: https://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/2020/05/14/minute-minute-account-breonna-taylor-fatal-shooting-louisville-police/5182824002/
He still works for DHS, 15 year carreer. Going to get a nice fat pension in a couple years.
&gt;##Officer was convicted and fired. He was convicted and given a few months of probation, but he just transferred to a slightly different job with the same agency. He has work for DHS for 15 years now.
Sorry, I over simplified. Really it should have said "they can take it back anytime you violate the contract that you signed with them". Exactly how repossession works will be spelled out in the contract, so I can't speak to exact specifics of how it works but generally if you fail to pay for a few months they can legally come take it back and you don't have any recourse. It doesn't mean you're just out the money, generally they will try and sell the car and put that towards the debt owed, so if you were all but one payment done then the sale cost of the car will pay off your debt. If you have the money, the bank will generally always prefer to work with you to keep you in the vehicle then repossess it. If you made it to 99% paid off and can't afford the last 1% somehow, then the bank will probably take and sell the car to pay that amount off. I'm not sure how that situation could arise though.
His own linkedin.
Will this work on a television? Or is it limited to projection?
For others that are curious, I looked up why 4-20: Hitler was apparently born on April 20th. TIL.
Anybody can sue anyone else, for any reason. Whether or not that lawsuit goes anywhere depends on a whole lot of other factors, but you can bring suit for anything you want. In a case like this, generally you would have to prove some sort of damages to get anything out of a lawsuit. If this landlord is kicking a business out of a commercial retail space or something like that and violating the lease/law, they may find it relatively simple to prove damages.
Looks like they are all near windows. I bet those are for holding storm shutters open. You can ask /r/whatisthisthing. Some wider photos that show exactly where they are located on the house in relation to the rest of the building would be helpful.
Super glue around the edge, put it back together without pinching the wires. Make sure you get the rotation right, compare it against the other one if needed.
Police chief just gave a press conference: https://www.waff.com/2020/06/08/watch-live-decatur-police-discussing-video-officers-punching-man/
Ah, the infamous thumb detecting nutlathe. If you can't strip it, hit it!
And then he [defended his posts](https://www.floridatoday.com/story/news/2020/06/08/brevard-county-fraternal-order-police-facebook-posts-draw-ire/5317923002/): &gt; Brevard County F.O.P. President Bert Gamin, who said he is a 28-year law enforcement veteran, with two years as a Melbourne Police Department reservist and 26 years with the Brevard County Sheriff's Office, claimed responsibility for the recruitment post. &gt;"Our citizens have a right to protest peacefully and legally. They do not have a right to block roadways, trespass on private property or disobey lawful commands from law enforcement officers," he wrote in response to emailed questions from FLORIDA TODAY. &gt;He also defended the incidents in Buffalo and Atlanta. &gt;"The police had the legal authority in both cases. At the time the warnings were provided, the citizens were already breaking the law. Those citizens chose to disregard the warnings. It led directly to escalations and confrontations with the police. When we issue lawful commands/warnings, citizens have a responsibility to comply. The reality is failure to comply leads to escalation." &gt;"As it specifically relates to the elderly gentleman in Buffalo, he and others were repeatedly warned by the police to leave the area. They disobeyed the orders, 'he wrote, adding "Those Buffalo officers, like many across this nation, are being placed in absolute no-win situations. That field force unit was ordered to clear the area. They followed the orders they were given and followed their training." This is what is wrong with police in America. This right here. Even after his fellow officers have been fired and charged with crimes, he defends them unconditionally. Why does this man have a position of power?
I spent 10 years mounting TVs for a living. I always pull measurements off of nearby furniture or floors and ceilings instead of using a level only. I've argued with more than a few contractors and homeowners that were adamant that I install the mount perfectly level with a bubble level. If they're obstinate I just put it up they way they want and let them call me back when they realize that it doesn't look straight. Your eyes can't see level, they can only see square and parallel.
What city is this in?
"Journalist" is giving her a little too much credit I think. She was a summer intern.
I don't see any identifying marks on the ribbon cables, but it does appear that the wires coming out of the white jacket have writing on them. You can check that to confirm what gauge of wire it is. I'm guessing it is probably about 20 gauge wire. There's really nothing special about wire, you want stranded so that it is flexible and equally thick or thicker than what is already existing. Personally I would probably just use some old speaker wire from the thrift store and not worry about paying shipping or ordering a quantity that I can't use up. Have you used your multimeter to check for continuity on each of the conductors that go through the white jacket? I would confirm that you have an open connection before you start replacing things.
If you can take accurate measurements, someone at /r/3drequest might be able to reproduce it for you.
This was amazing, thanks for the laugh. New copypasta.
Do you have any input on why your official store social media is using a hash tag that makes fun of the #blacklivesmatter tag the same way racists and cops do with #alllivesmatter and #bluelivesmatter? If it's not intentionally mimicking those tags, it's still in incredibly bad taste in my opinion. https://imgur.com/a/ufRtQRo
No no, you don't understand. If you read the comments from the people that post these things, they admit that it might not have even been a counterfeit bill or he may not have known it was fake. The issue is that *at some point in his history* he used drugs, and that makes him a lifetime Criminal with a capital C, deserving of death just for being that way. /s
So what should happen instead? They should be allowed to keep their position of power and continue their racism?
&gt;After two months behind bars, Jonathan Vanderhagen will leave the Macomb County Jail a free man after a jury quickly found him not guilty Thursday of a misdemeanor filed after criticism he made on Facebook about a county judge and the court system. The jury took 27 minutes to find him not guilty, after the prosecution took *days* to try and get the guy in trouble.
And the jury took 27 minutes to find him not guilty, after he was held for two months because he refused to plead guilty to a crime he didnt commit. He didn't contact the judge, he posted on his own personal Facebook page that he was trying to dig up the secrets that the court was hiding. Don't fall for the common tactic of blaming someone for a crime they have been charged with before they have had their chance in front of a jury.
It's just probability. The average woman in America is overweight (average BMI of women in America is 29.6), so the likelihood that you see a video of someone that is overweight is higher than not.
The thunderbolt version is not. The one in the picture is pretty sub par.
What is "a gun like this"? I've not seen anywhere that identified the firearm used in the crime.
NYPD budget is 6 billion dollars a year. That's **$714 per person** in their city every year. They do not need more money, they need far far less. They could reorient half of the money they already use and accomplish everything you said they need more money for.
&gt;I managed to get one of our local news outlets to cover it, and google ended up removing all of their reviews all together. That must have been a temporary thing, because currently the Washington Street location has 4.3 stars with 472 reviews. Only 5 reviews in the last month.
There is a similar techniques that occurs in "renovating" homes in difficult to build in urban areas like Los Angeles. Commonly referred to as a "one wall" renovation, or even a "four stud reno". It turns out that in many areas of Los Angeles, knocking down an existing house to build a new one is incredibly hard and/or expensive to get permits for. There are many neighborhoods that were built in the 50s and 60s that really do need the houses to be refreshed, but they have become gentrified and very expensive and people want to build completely modern very expensive homes instead of renovating the old cheap development homes. In the same areas, renovating a home is much simpler to do. The workaround is that the regulations specify exactly how much of a building must be left in place for it to qualify as a renovation and not a demolition. In certain places in LA, that requirement is understood to be as requiring that just four contigous studs of one original wall remain. I've worked on a number of these types of projects, where literally a single wall's studs and its foundation is left in place and a whole new house is built around it. Technically it's a renovation, but just like the ship of Theseus it is a completely new building.
Ahh, gotcha.
The articles I read said that gun along with others were found in the car when he was arrested, not that they were used in the crime. Did you find something different?
&gt;That is *if* you believe that they were mistakenly serving a warrant on the wrong address for a person who was already in custody. There are tons of things wrong with what the police did, but they were at the correct address and her name was on the warrant. They didn't screw that part up.
So it's been a month. Any update?
&gt; A man who said he was his son, Stanley Gudmundsen, emailed 9NEWS and said his father is ill and currently undergoing treatment at a mental health facility. If you knew he was crazy and in treatment, then why the hell didn't you take his guns away?
No psych eval for guns, but there also isn't one for owning a car or having children or buying oil and fertilizer. At some point you have to realize that some people will always have undiagnosed mental illness, because we are a population of millions.
What? No. Unless he is acquitted in a court of law, he will never be getting those firearms back. Certainly not before he is charged and tried.
Microwave Kiln. Forges use fire, typically for blacksmithing.
Check the sticky post at /r/ballpython, tons of good info there.
This particular one may be marketed for hinges, but that exact tool has existed for decades as a center punch/nail set. It's definitely not unique and was not originally intended for hinges.
Yeah, using these for hinges is a pretty new application. They have existed for decades as a center punch or nail set.
It truly is amazing to watch people like you spout incorrect "facts" that are really easy to check with Google. Does it never occur to you to check your facts before you correct someone else?
I'm a California kid and definitely built a model mission in school. The interesting thing is that I didn't grow up in Southern California, and the nearest mission was many hours drive away so it was a completely abstract idea. I might as well have been asked to build a teepee or an igloo for all the relevance it had to my world growing up.
Nice assumption, how's it feel to be wrong? I have indeed use the exact tool in the video. I also own a set of manual nail sets that are used with a hammer, and unsurprisingly one of them has a 3/16" inch tip, just like this spring loaded one. Just because you don't know how to use the tool doesn't mean other people can't use it.
Yet again more assumptions. Clearly I can't have a conversation about this with you, since you just assume things about me that are wildly untrue. I will say this though: stating that someone does "shoddy work" and puts "massive holes in a surface" without even knowing their name let alone seeing examples of their work is just a symptom of your own insecurities. I don't feel the need to put you down or assume things about you, because I am secure in myself. I'm sorry for you, because you don't have the confidence in yourself to stand up on your own merits, you have to project your own failures onto me to feel powerful. Ask yourself this. Why are you attacking me? Why do you feel the need to denigrate my work, even though you know nothing about it?
&gt;And if you're using this to set nails on anything that is finish grade There's another assumption. I noticed you didn't respond to any of my questions, and you haven't asked any of your own. I find that personal attacks are the bunker for people that don't have any convincing logical arguments to make. Would you like to prove me wrong?
As might be expected, no actual arguments to make, so you resort to insults related to homosexuality. I'm sure your grandparents would be proud of you.
&gt;I made my argument you're just too bullheaded or stupid to admit you're being a jackass and you're wrong. I My apologies, I must have missed your argument. Could you clarify it for me?
&gt;the wiring in the ground has gotten broken. &gt;Maybe something that could use the existing wiring? These two phrases are incompatible. Either the existing wiring is usable, or it is not. Solar lighting is absolutely possible, from little single LEDs that are powered by a solar rechargeable AA to full-bore floodlights with big batteries. If you clarify exactly what your system looks like and what you were intending to achieve, we may be able to help more.
I have that exact same latch in my backyard, I believe it is sold by Stanley and it is honestly junky design. You can replace it with the same thing or something better, if you don't have any tools the same thing would be easy to replace it with. [This appears to be the current cheap version odlf tbe same latch.](https://www.lowes.com/pd/National-Hardware-3-23-in-Black-Gate-Latch/1000789654)
Nothing appears to be wrong in the photos, so you'll need to figure out where it is stuck. Put some force on it while lifting on the backboard and see if it moves or you can tell what is binding.
If you don't want to go with the drywall anchor, using a piece of wood like you have thought of is a great idea. Typically the most available nice wood in America is Oak. You can get it at every Home Depot and most other lumber places. Something like three quarter inch by 4 inch would work well for you, and most of the stores will cut it to length for you if you want. A bit of 220 grit sandpaper and some spray lacquer or other finish will give you a nice finished piece of wood.
Jb weld plastic weld.
Reseal the tiles, pad the stools so they don't scratch.
It's absolutely possible, but you need to know what your boat is made of in order to use the right repair material. Do you know what brand/model or what material your boat is?
It's trash. Your health and life are not worth a few dollars for a new ladder.
You provided a video with no detail. What do you need help with? What is the machine in the video, and what is wrong?
Yes, the threads in that backflow preventer are knackered. It needs replacing.
Contact manufacturer
Be extremely careful if you are working on this. Cathode ray tubes use extremely high voltage and can be lethal, even after they've been unplugged for a long time. If you don't know what you are doing please don't poke around without educating yourself.
It is a satellite-based internet service that is being deployed by SpaceX. It is slated to come online soon, and should provide DSL level speeds pretty much anywhere in the world.
Nope, it's just a video with a title, no cross post.
Pretty much everyone these days jumps with an automated activation device on their backup chute. You get too low falling too fast and it will deploy without you touching anything. Still terrifying.
Gotcha, makes sense. The simplest option would be to install a panel with a charge controller, a 12-volt lead-acid battery, and a hundred and twenty volt inverter to run some LED bulbs. Stick those pieces inside a weatherproof enclosure and you've got a lighting system. The great thing about LED bulbs is that they don't use much power compared to incandescent. You can probably get away with a relatively small panel if all you're running is four 10-15 watt LEDs. All commercial bits, no special wiring or anything required. The most efficient setup would be a direct DC system, where your panel charges a battery and the battery directly powers the LEDs with DC. This might take a little more work and/or wiring, because I don't know of any 12 volt LEDs that can screw into standard light sockets.
It really is. So many people think the world has internet everywhere, but there are so many places with horrendously bad internet even in cities. Hopefully starlink will bring reasonable internet to those places.
Bummer. I would guess that either the bearings on the motor/fan are failing, or something has gotten into the rotating fan mechanism and is rubbing. You can take the outer plastic case off those units, typically there are a couple screws top and bottom. If you're interested in working on this yourself that would be where to start. Turn off the power going to the unit before working on it, usually they either plug in or they have a dedicated breaker.
If you're interested in having someone else make the piece of wood for you, contact local cabinet shops. Most places could make a board like that pretty quickly and cheaply. I have a similar board holding hooks in my bathroom, it is just a plain board that was sanded smooth and then painted to match the wall and it is very unobtrusive. I've also made a board to hold hooks for friends, in that case I used a router to put a decorative edge on the oak board before staining and spraying with rattle can lacquer. Other than the router part, that was only a couple dollars of materials and looked really nice. Do you know anyone who owns a router?
If you want to go with 12 volt stuff, look into trailer and RV wiring. That world is all done on 12 volt DC and there are tons of really nice products for not too much money.
The difference in behavior between the police and the national Guardsmen is terrifying. Police are so indoctrinated that even after they nearly kill an old man they just ignore it and walk past, while soldiers who have *actual combat training* instantly have the compassion to drop to the ground and help. The fact that every single police officer in this video quit their special duty job in protest of the officers being held accountable for thuer actions is even more terrifying. They are literally a terrorist organization.
Of course they are, the cowardly president of United States spread that conspiracy theory himself.
No they didn't. He specifically drove into the middle of the protest and was following along with them. Then he started screaming racist shit out the window and when people yelled back at him he got out of his car and tried to use a deadly weapon to make his point.
I'd guess your tub has been resealed, and it's failing again. do you rent or won?
Without more information, soak in oxyclean.
My understanding is that you can sue an officer individually, but the burden for proving your case is incredibly high. Far far higher than suing a normal person or a business. If you can successfully prove that the officers were acting outside of the scope of their duties or with actyal malicious intent you can win, but that's incredibly hard to prove.
All those aquarium keepers are hoarding too I bet! Oh, and those ant keepers and spider keepers, they're definitely hoarders! I know a person that owns THREE rabbits! They should probably be arrested for animal abuse I guess... And don't even get me started on farmers and zoos, everybody knows it's *impossible* to keep more than one animal without it being hoarding.
Is this oven roasted?
I saw a sign in Safeway just yesterday advertising their delivery service, there's some sign up deal for your first order.
The first thing you need to do is figure out what type of material those buttons are made of. You need to match the adhesive to the material or it won't stick, as you have already found. I'm guessing they are probably silicone, which is generally pretty hard to get anything to bond with. One way to test the material is with heat, if you can get to the backside of those buttons where there's some extra under the edges or something you can use a hot needle or paperclip to touch a spot and see what happens. Silicone does not melt, but most other vinyls and plastics will. If it is silicone, I would suggest sil-poxy by smooth-on.
You can be shadowbanned on a per subreddit basis. It's totally possible that they are shadowbanned only in protectandserve.
Gotcha, thanks!
Oh ok, since we're playing the "ask a question without answering anything" game, here's mine: Why do you say that police are being treated as badly as minorities right now? Might it be because they are being treated the *same* as everyone else in the country?
&gt;you have given it no objective thought. You want the cops to be irredeemably evil because that makes judging them easier for you. Turn off your emotions and think about it rationally for 30 seconds. Holy shit, you should take your act on the road, your mind reading powers are amazing. Quick, tell me what color sailboat I'm thinking of!
In my neck of the woods, Alex plus is the preferred brand for tub and tile caulking. Go to your local hardware store and ask them for some caulking to use in your shower. You don't need anything particularly strong, there shouldn't be any force being put on that piece of metal by anything to knock it loose.
You should be able to buy a replacement turntable from the manufacturer. There are certain epoxies that exist that are rated food safe and for high heat, but you'll probably spend as much buying the epoxy as you would replacing the turntable and it will look terrible in comparison to a new one.
I've assembled a few of those, and as far as I know the whole seat and back section is all one unit that doesn't come apart. From the factory they came as the seat, the base, the base mount and tilt mechanism, and the two armrests.
That sounds like something loose is vibrating when the compressor motor is running. Since you only took the cover off, I would be inclined to think it's probably a part of the cover that is not in the right spot or a screw is not fully tight. If it were mine, I would remove it from the window and start tapping on it with my hand to figure out where/what is rattling, and then find some way to keep that thing from being able to rattle against whatever it's touching.
Have you contacted Herman Miller? I hear their service is pretty good. Without being able to see what kind of retaining mechanism is holding that lever in, it's pretty hard to tell you how to remove it. I would start by seeing if you can work backwards from the instructions you use to build it.
If this is a touch screen or LCD display I would be very careful about using any kind of polish. They typically have coatings that are easily damaged. Looking closely at the damage, you can see that there is some sort of layer on that button that has been scratched through. If you take polish to this, you'll need to remove that coating from the whole flat area to make it look okay. I've seen that work okay for some people, and I've also seen displays destroyed by doing that.
Most repair shops will give you a free estimate, at the minimum they can help you pull the hard drive out and get your data back.
You're right on track, a quality epoxy should fix this right up. Clean the whole area really well with rubbing alcohol first, you need to get rid of any skin oils or dirt that are in the area so the glue can properly. Use a slow setting epoxy, they are stronger than the quick set versions. You can use rubbing alcohol to clean up any that gets in places you don't want it.
Please be extremely careful when opening up a microwave. There is a large high voltage capacitor in there that **can easily kill you.** Do some research on how to identify and safely discharge the capacitor before you open up your microwave. It isn't very difficult, but does take care and a specific tool or bits of electronics (power resistor) to do safely.
Even unplugged, microwaves can electrocute you. They have a large high-voltage capacitor in them that needs to be safely discharged if you're going to work on them. It can hold a charge for weeks or longer after the unit is unplugged.
Unfortunately it's pretty unlikely you'll be able to purchase just that part separately. I've had a number of those same lamps, and they all failed in the same way at that plastic bracket thing. You could model one in 3D and have it 3D printed. If you can find photos of it and take measurements you might even be able to have someone on Reddit print it from /r/3drequests.
Pulled the little tab below the switch downward. That will disconnect to switch from power completely (that tab is required by law so that you can safely change light bulbs, add smart switches pass voltage through the socket even when the light is turned off). Leave it that way for 10 minutes, then push the tab back up to turn the switch back on. I have seen cheap zigbee switches like this get freaked out and just need a reboot to start working again. I've also seen them fail permanently, in which case it will probably need replacing. You can also pull the faceplate off those switches and find out the brand of the devices, and see if the manufacturer has any documentation on resetting them. Be aware that if you do a full manufacturer reset you may disconnect the switch from your automation system.
Anyone who is in the hobby world and uses CA glue often can tell you there's a difference in quality between brands. One issue is how fresh it is, as cyanoacrylate has a relatively short shelf life and becomes less effective over time, even unopened. My parent uses Super Glue on their fingertips when they crack, as it's much cheaper than newskin or similar medical products and just as effective. They prefer to buy their glue (name brand superglue) at the dollar store as it's cheaper, but I have definitely noticed a difference between that and the quality stuff I buy at the hobby store. It's generally slower to cure and not as strong when dry. The other difference between the two glues in your photo is that the one on the left is a gel formula while the ones on the right are probably very thin like water. Neither of those is necessarily better, they are just for different purposes. Sometimes the gel is more useful because you can control it easier, other times you want the super thin glue to wick into the joint. In my experience, generally the gel or thicker CA glues cure slightly more flexible and less hard because of the additives. Another thing to know is that if you use a significant quantity of CA glue, buying little tubes like this is by far and away the most expensive option. Hobby stores and websites will sell you larger bottles with commensurate discounted price per gram. That's generally only useful if you're going to actually use it though, because of the aforementioned shelf life.
&gt;She shouldnt have to be pardoned as she didnt do anything wrong. And protesters shouldnt be shot or arrested, unless of course, they are breaking laws. Yet here we are, with you arguing for her to be pardoned for her actions and peaceful protesters having been arrested and shot. Talking about hypotheticals and goals is a good thing to do, but that's not what this discussion is about. It's about events that have already occurred. &gt;In your very first sentence you said "For the first time in her life this woman is experiencing what it feels like to be a scared minority." I dont know how cops or minorities are treated exactly or how to even begin to quantify that. However it is not important for my question to do so. the point is simple "lets treat everybody better". You didn't answer the question. I never said anything about her or minorities being treated "badly", you chose that word. Why? It sounds like whataboutism to me, trying to equate systemic racism and corrpution that has disproportionately affected people of color for decades with a few months of stressful work for police officers that is the direct result of their own actions. Those are in no way comparable. &gt;Assuming the police are treated as a minority now, like you said, then no. They are not being treated as "everyone else" which would imply at the very least the "majority". They are either treated as a "minority" or as "everybody else", cannot be both. I feel like there is misunderstanding here, please do clarify. You are putting words in my mouth again. I never said the police were being "treated like a minority". I said for the first time in her life this woman knows what it *feels like* to be a scared minority. My point being that she now knows what it feels like to be part of one of those groups. Not that the police or her are in fact one of those groups. I am trying to illustrate the fact that she is part of a group of people that have been incredibly privileged in the way they've been treated for decades, and that treatment is changing to be more in line with the treatment of the rest of the population. She is fearful of that change precisely because of the actions of her fellow officers and the institutions which she has spent 15 years supporting. I understand that she's scared, but putting out a public video *in uniform* asking to be thanked more often while simultaneously implying that McDonald's workers are trying to poison you is incredibly selfish and in very poor taste at the best of times. In the current climate it is unacceptable.
Sorry, no. The correct answer was "Red".
Yep. There's a reason your toaster doesn't have security screws but your microwave does.
I see now, that makes a lot more sense! Also, I can see why you wouldn't want to have a whole new pull put on with it being a waterproof zipper. It does look like you could glue the crown right back on, there's no mechanism or anything. I would clean everything with rubbing alcohol and then put it back in place with J-B Weld steelstik or similar heavy duty epoxy putty, completely filling the hole up and making a nice wide fillet around all the edges. The idea is to increase the surface area of the bond for maximum strength. Basically a lump of epoxy with the metal crown in the center. While the epoxy is green (just starting to cure, still gummy/soft) drill/carve through the opening of the crown to make a hole for the pull tab. That would give the most bonding area possible. This assumes that you use some sort of pull-tab you can attach after the fact, with a split key ring or similar. I think it would be more difficult but not impossible to glue it back in place in a similar manner with an in-place pull tab. I think soldering is out of the question because the heat needed would destroy the waterproofing of the zipper.
Powerful song and a really beautiful video, thank you for sharing. I love the eclectic mix of musical styles.
Yup, it's an issue with window mount units since most lack a drain. That's why I had to modify mine.
A day later and no response to my reply, yet plenty of reponses to other people. I guess your assumption I was asking rhetorical questions was just a projection of your own ways, since you don't want to engage in an actual discussion.
Hey, you ignored me but I really am curious. What law are you talking about that says if it's over four inches you need a concealed carry permit? Is that a specific state law?
Most of an officer's time is spent filling out reports. It's incredibly rare for them to do anything violent. Go talk to some officers, they will all tell you that most of their job is what this officer is talking about in the video. They are very rarely chasing violent criminals and arresting them.
Holy shit, the similarities between this and Breonna Taylor's murder are terrifying. &gt; they found no evidence anyone in the house fired toward the door nor that Tuttle's two rifles and two shotguns had even been fired. The team did find evidence that suggests police outside the house fired blindly through the walls. Police lied on paperwork to get a no-knock warrant just like in Louisville, then they shot blindly into a house from outside when the homeowner defended themselves.
Why are you assuming that they live in the u.s.? International students are a thing.
The federal officers wearing all black and refusing to identify what agency they were from while they guarded Lafayette Park and the White House were also prison guards.
They don't do this with cops because often these investigations can take years (which is a whole different issue), meaning that person would be unpaid and possibly legally unable to go work elsewhere in their chosen profession either. It's rare, but when officers are actually convicted of crimes they may have to forfeit that pay.
Looks like this account is a spam bot that is just starting up. Spammers create accounts and let them sit dormant for a while to get around account age limits, then they take some popular posts in non highly moderated subreddits and repost them so they can get their karma high enough that they can then do a spam wave in major subreddits. Everyone should report this account's posts.
Did you really just cite a fictional Hollywood movie as a "fact check" on a disease that has killed over a hundred thousand Americans? Do you also get your stock predictions from the onion and your self defense training from video games?
https://youtu.be/jcdZ4cbNPkA
Exactly what I came to the comments to talk about. Seeing two big ships that close in heavy seas is insane, I can't imagine a reason they were that close intentionally.
Video is ripped from /u/JoeFas. Check his comment history for updates on the outcome.
She has already put out a statement saying that "after prayer and consultation with her family" she intends to keep her position. As of a couple hours ago the deadline set by other members of the school board asking for her resignation has passed and they are now filing a formal recall petition.
Her statement: https://www.wafb.com/2020/06/22/connie-bernard-says-she-will-not-resign-ebr-parish-school-board/ Deadline passed, recall started: https://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/education/article_1ebbd2b0-b506-11ea-9bb3-efe34d0ce655.html
Just search YouTube for "cruise ship heavy seas" or "cruise ship storm". Tons of videos.
Thank you for this recommendation, been playing with my buddy and very much enjoying it!
Get a piece of half inch or thicker plywood or particle board that fits inside the vertical supports of the shelf and put it on top. This will distribute the weight more evenly.
Sounds like the carburetor needs to be cleaned. It's not getting enough fuel when you try and open the throttle, so it starts to die because the mixture goes too lean. Before spending much time taking the carburetor apart and cleaning it, look up prices for a replacement one. I'm not certain about Stihl motors, but you can get Honda knock off carbs for like twenty bucks which generally makes it not even worth trying to clean an old carb.
Start by checking the DC voltage of the battery where it connects to the circuit board. It should be between 2.4V and 4.2V.
It doesn't look like any of the framing has been knocked out of place, so you probably can fix this yourself. The fix will involve removing the siding, nailing the OSB sheating back in place, and then putting the siding back. If you find any studs that have been knocked out of place or cracked, or if the bottom seal is loose on the concrete, you may need to re-evaluate because those are definitely structural studs. Be as careful as possible with the OSB sheathing, as it will want to crumble where it is been previously nailed around the edges. If too much of it crumbles away it loses the structural integrity and you might need to replace the full piece. That sheathing provides shear strength around the garage door opening, which is very important for the structural integrity of that wall.
Fixing it without soldering will be a little more challenging, but it is possible. You can use conductive glues such as liquid solder instead of real soldering equipment. My suggestion would be to cut off the damaged wire a few feet from the headset and splice on a new one. I would purchase a cable with a braided fabric exterior sheath to try and protect it from your hungry kitty. You will want to make sure the cable you purchase is a four conductor type, not just stereo. You can find it as an analog headset extension cable. The important part is that it has three black rings and four shiny bits on the plug on the end, just like the existing one. If it only has three shiny bits and two black rings then it will not work with your mic. The idea is to cut the end off of the replacement cable and match the wires up inside of each cable to each other and electrically connect to them. Headphone wire is often coated in lacquer insulation, so it can be a little bit tricky to strip and get clean wire for soldering or splicing. Check out some YouTube videos on how to replace a headphone plug to see what is involved.
The box with the blue label on it is an automatic heat activated switch (thermostat). The little white dot is a knob you can turn with a flathead screwdriver to set the temperature. Unfortunately I believe the other poster is right, there does not appear to be any power hooked up to it. It would not be difficult to buy an extension cord and a cord grip foe the jbox, cut the end of the cord off and wire it in to the junction box and then you'd be able to plug the fan into an outlet. You could also properly wire it to a power source so it works automatically.
Look into automotive upholstery repair kits.
Have you double-checked that it is receiving power? I had a friend who replaced his ceiling fan because it wouldn't work, new fan didnt work eirher. I came to troubleshoot and we eventually realized there was a three-way switch controlling the fan and one of the switches was behind a piece of furniture and had somehow gotten flipped to turn the fan off.
Since other devices are working correctly, this is most likely an issue with the ethernet port or the drivers on your computer. Start by making sure your ethernet drivers are completely up to date.
I've never seen a window unit where the display would shut off occasionally. Do the fan and compressor turn off at the same time?
Where are you located? I agree that careful dowel and glue is the right fix here.
Yeah, screw all those people who live in Hawaii and Alaska, they aren't actually Americans who might understand the American law system. Also anyone who works swing shift or night shift is not considered American to me so their info doesn't count either. /s
You're welcome. If you don't have experience doing these processes already, I recommend checking out some YouTube videos on how to refinish a countertop or how to refinish a cabinet.
That definitely does not sound like it's working the way it should be. Could be a thermal fuse cutting out, or possibly the GFI on the power cord.
Could be the port, or it could be the charging circuit. There is a circuit that turns the 5-volt from USB into the proper voltage to charge the battery, and controls how much power goes into the battery to prevent overcharging.
Awesome, good job tracking it down!
Drain cleaner (base type, not acid). Oven/bbq cleaner is the same type of chemical, would also work. Strong bases that will dissolve organics but ignore metal. Test on plastics first.
I don't know where to get parts online, but in the construction world near me when our guns go down the local building supply place runs a repair service. Might be worth calling around and finding out if anyone around you does that.
&gt;But if you’re going to be involved with a lot of drug transporting and illegal activity know the laws where you’re doing that. If you’re moving weight know the police can barge in whenever at a moments notice. Do you have some evidence that isn't public that Ms. Taylor was a drug dealer?
Keep in mind that if you have 10 ft of pipe feeding the bidet, the water is going to have to run for a while before it gets warm, so it's going to start cold anyway.
Spackle and paint. Dab a wet washcloth on the spackle to mimic the texture.
Bureau of Motor Vehicles.
You should do some research into where your registration fees and taxes go. California is one of the better states as far as using the money appropriately for maintaining driving infrastructure.
That's even worse!
Radium painted watch hands?
&gt;You know what the average black market price of a firearm in the UK is? For a shitty little .38 special? £7000. Can you share your source for that number? Because everything I can find shows that prices are far lower than you say. https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2008/aug/30/ukcrime1 https://www.vice.com/en_uk/article/vb598x/guns-ammo-sold-snapchat-uk
You did. &gt;But if you’re going to be involved with a lot of drug transporting and illegal activity know the laws where you’re doing that. If you’re moving weight know the police can barge in whenever at a moments notice. You are explicitly implying that she was "involved with a lot of drug transporting and illegal activity". Then you're using that assumption to conclude that her death was justified.
Very cool! Do they still glow-in-the-dark well?
&gt; “I’m not saying there’s not hurdles to overcome. We all have hurdles to overcome. You know, as a quote-unquote rich, white, Christian male, people look at me a certain way. And it’s not always good. So, everybody has obstacles to overcome,” he also said, while adding he thinks President Trump has "done more for the black community than any president we’ve had in the last 20 years." Did he really just try to equate the "obstacles" of being a privileged white male with being black?
It's less about the compressibility and more about the fact that there is a mass blocking the exit path of the expanding gases. That mass can be anything that blocks the barrel sufficiently to prevent the gas from exiting quickly. Mud and snow are common stories from hunters, and if you go to the YouTube gun channels you can see plenty of guns being blown up with things like hot dogs or crayons in the barrel.
&gt;9 unarmed black people were killed by cops in 2019. That is not true. You should stop getting information from turning point USA, they lie all the time. https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2020/06/23/fact-check-how-many-unarmed-black-men-did-police-kill-2019/5322455002/ &gt; The Post’s data shows police fatally shot 13 unarmed Black men in 2019, five more people than Kirk claimed.
I've seen those multi bin fillers on How It's Made so many times, and never understood why they had multiple bins. Thank you for the explanation!
Do you not know about this case? He got 175 years in state prison and then an additional 40 to 125 years on top of that. He will die in jail, the judge literally said as much while sentencing him.
I hate that kind of waste in the corporate world, it makes me hurt inside when I see usable equipment rotting on the shelf until it eventually gets thrown away.
That Twitter account is straight up lying police propaganda. They currently have a pinned tweet saying that there was no tear gas used last night, when this thread has video proof otherwise.
All I see are screenshots from the original body cams. Am I missing something?
