I love him, he's my second highest character, after Pip. but...his fps bug...it's been putting me off from playing him lately.
I'd likeFortnite if it wasn't for the building. I just wanna shoot stuff, not be Bob the builder.
Imagine if Toby ends up getting a big ass team and they are able to do a few very detailed animated short scenes like this for very special story moments. Like, a Ralsei hug or... a Susie hug or, or...a group hug!
Getting angry at stupid stuff. I mean REALLY angry. I've only ever been angry at my rapist. Also, forgiving unforgivable things. Not possible for me.
That'd be so unexpected, tragic, and cool at the same time.
Why does this look like a game? Pretty cool.
These will be Ralsei's dying words in the final chapter, remember dis.
I guess Fujin got pushed back to KP2. I'm okay with that, at least now we're sure he's coming. Now we know all those dialogue leaks were true. Which means Fujin is all but confirmed.
My hope for Sindel's klassic line has been renewed. They gotta do it. "Too bad YOU... will die."
This is very real, boys who are abused at a young age sometimes have lots of trouble, confusion and even self hate when it comes to their sexuality as they grow up.
Gays who agressively repress themselves are some of the most bitter people you will meet out there. They hate other gays even more because they made the "sacrifice" to not be gay, and then they look down on/secretly envy the rest for having no shame of being themselves.
Ying is kind of a trickster with her mirrors and foxes are known tricksters. Any other animals that would fit?
How the hell do you meditate? Just sit somewhere and do nothing? Seems impossible tbh.
Sounds boring
Isn't that just thinking?
I love this character so much. Been a damage/flank Pip for two years, ever since everyone made fun of him. Now I got to masters solo-queue using only him. Say what you will, damage Pip is a very solid pick if you know what you're doing. Get really good with his projectile and you can hit anyone at any distance. I've won my fair share of sniper battles. Also Pepper is amazing &lt;3
Blue foxes! It's all Krystal from Star Fox's fault. I think Paladins is the only shooter out there with a female anthro in the roster.
Cuddly Makoa needs some buddies! This does look adorable.
Oh would you look at that, I've got a new wallpaper! Beautiful as always!
I'm sure she'll come back eventually, they had to make a new 3d skeleton just for her after all.
Hell no, if you're dying to Pip as something like Androxus, Drogoz or a sniper, it's your own fault. Pip's headshot box is the second biggest in the game, losing only to Makoa. If Catalyst is nerfed, it would completely kill damage Pip. And for a game that prizes itself in champion build diversity, killing an entire playstyle would be ridiculous. Pip is one of the champions they got right when it comes to cards and talents diversity.
Japan has crazy dress code strictness all around.
The sumo emote with plushy Makoa is hilarious. See it in game if you can. I'm tempted to get the BP just for it.
His reasonings for becoming an atheist and his outlook on life felt like the game was reading my mind. It's my favorite moment in the game. Music, too. Made me teary-eyed. "I believe in a universe that doesn't care, and people who do." If there's ever another game, Angus deserves more love!
I actually don't think most of the reworks look bad, and I don't count Viktor because the old Vik is still available. Even so, the body, the clothes and the weapon look a lot better than they used to. Ruckus's redesign was amazing, he actually looks kinda cute now. Old Ruckus was ugly to look at. I never used him because of that. Cassie's redesign improved her a lot. Sha Lin's new face was a massive improvement. Fernando's new armor textures were a massive improvement as well. Buck, I don't even need to say anything, do I? Skye, she looks a lot better and more detailed, and she still got her old hair anyway. Barik looks a lot better, as well, the new detail is top notch. The only one I really wasn't a fan of is Grohk, but that's because his new fierce look doesn't match his dorky personality. The old one matched him better. And that's a whopping one character imo whose redesign was a complete step in the wrong direction. Every other champion looks massively better from model, to clothes, polish and details. And now Pip will be the ONLY original character without so much as a little touch up because Hi-Rez listened to a vocal minority on Reddit about the reworks. It's really unfair. They've gotten so much better at doing furry champions and details on clothes now, an updated base Pip would look amazing.
Godamnit your dad looks too cool. That mustache is top notch.
[The face not even a mother could love](https://i.imgur.com/868x4Mo.png)
Man I missed fatalities where the opponents actually screamed at the top of their lungs. Seems like both of Shang's do that. Love them. Like in most fataltiies in MK11 you'll explode a guy's leg, or tear off his arms and he'll be like "Ow!"
That never happened to me. Headaches have only ever been just headaches. Why?
Planejado, ela queria provocá-lo a fazer algo e depois distorcer os fatos.
It's not that easy for ppl who like the taste.
Pika means dick in my language so not terribly inaccurate
Oh my god hahaha
How the heck will fatalities work on him? Terminator has no fleshy bits, right? He's a complete robot?
I've always wanted to live in one of those little highway towns. They seem cozy to me for some reason.
Só o Canadá mesmo p/ bater de frente com esse país ridículo. Dinheiro fala muito.
Report the person grooming you for sex, don't trust your family to know best or give a shit
...what?
No, she's a cyborg. It's different. She has a human body with cyber upgrades. Same as Triborg, they had a metal exoskeleton, but they still had fleshy bits like organs, brains, bones, etc. Terminator is 100% robot. Like how will Baraka eat his brain? Will he bite a scrap of metal? Get what I'm saying now?
Blue Heeler? Deve ser uns 10k no brasil
No, Nightwolf is not a Revenant. Leaked dialogues have him talking about his Revenant with disgust.
Agora o jeito é ficarem de olho nos coleguinhas mais mal-ajustados do lugar.
Eu nunca seguiria algo responsável por tanto sofrimento e hipocrisia ao longo da história. Nunca vou entender como alguém segue essas coisas.
I assumed he was asking whether his personality would be human or revenant. He'll probably get a revenant skin too, but his dialogue will always be human.
Was there ever a question she'd grow into a crazy cat lady?
I never believe ppl who say they got banned unjustly.
She is lovely &lt;3
Why hide greatness?
Wish they'd stuck with the original plan of slowly turning Madison's group into anti-heroes / villains. She certainly fit the bill. I hated the sudden 180 they did to her personality in the time skip so much.
To be fair the Mages Guild had been formed very recently at that time.
I would love it if the red dragon from Redguard made an appearance in ESO. He was a clever bastard who made deals with and served the empire in exchange for protection. His service to the empire could begin with Abnur Tharn.
I'm short so for melee I'd probably need a spear to reach zambie heads. Pointy on one end, slicey on the other like a halberd.
That he's either powerless, uncaring or a fucking asshole.
I'd never take off my shoes in another's house, and neither would anyone in my country, Brazil. That's just weird and inappropriate. Like you're treating your host's house as your own.
Psicologos são inúteis.
Fui em três e eram tudo a mesma merda. Dão soluções genéricas e não dão a mínima. Seria desperdício de dinheiro para uma escola.
Você acha os conselhos que eles dão no google. Não sei qual a diferença.
Poor Alycia, dropped the 100 for this...
Se professor já é mal-pago, psicologos em escolas também serão, e farão um trabalho ruim também. Ainda mais em escolas públicas.
No, I liked her. I liked her because she was on her way to becoming an anti-hero/villain, which was the original plan for her character. She killed a person when she was young. She almost blinded a man to protect her family, she decapitated an old man who offered her shelter to protect her family, she murdered her son's friend to protect him. I hated how they completely changed her character to a goody two shoes before killing her off.
[I think I got the most good-looking cat dude out there](https://imgur.com/a/RPfZKWQ). It's not easy making male Khajiit's faces not look like butt.
If the first world is so interested in keeping the forest safe, they should pay us to keep it that way. Otherwise, greed will speak louder.
:|
Tali's Rescue from Mass Effect.
I'm glad he did not give up. I wonder if he found a team?
Screw Fallout, honestly.
Ele disse isso mesmo? É uma puta verdade.
Kris' eyes could melt ice walls.
You got the smile down!
He barely had a personality in mk9... He had like 3 lines lol. Much prefer mk11 noob.
Sindel and Fujin are coming.
Make a Meridia joke instead just in case
Me pergunto se tem mais coisas assim pelo BR. Nunca ia saber isso.
As a Pip a flying Drogoz is much harder to hit than an ulted Willo, and she needs an ultimate to do it...
Geckos are lovely. Saved a baby one that crawled up on me in the shower a while ago, put him somewhere safe. Now I have a gecko empire at home, and the number of bugs dropped significantly. I'll take geckos over bugs any day.
I agree. I have a strong dislike of religion in general, but Islam is scary AF. Ppl preach diversity to defend them but ideally the last thing their believers want is diversity. Were they ever to come into power in the west, the first ones they'd punish under their law would be the liberals defending them the most. "A good muslim can't be gay"
It's right in the article, can you read?
It's in the article, can you read?
I actually bought star slayer back in the day because old Ruckus was so damn ugly. Looking at his face personally offended me. Star slayer saved ppl from having to look at it. Now he's kinda cute. One of the best reworks they did.
I'm not gonna bother looking since clearly you won't either. It's in the article. Can you read?
Tbh I was expecting TES VI to be set in Elsweyr and be about the Khajiit discovering the truth about the Void Nights and destroying the Dominion from within.
I pity the future country that has to take them in should that ever happen
If I could dance like him I'd do it just to piss off people like you.
I don't see him obstructing anyone. Plenty of space around. The hell you talking about?
Still not seeing your point. Smh you bitter people.
People don't really believe it, though.
Why does it bother you? Genuinely cannot comprehend.
Ué então eu sou outsider também.
Não esqueça que nós falamos espanhol, tb.
This man was the only reason I cried in season 8. When Daenerys' theme played for the last time in the very final scene with its "aaaaAAAAAA" bits, I lost it! I'm also a fan of theme right after Miss Sunday is executed. You can almost hear the gears turning in Dany's head through that theme. I call it "The Dragon Awakens"!
Which doesn't make it untrue.
Aah, what the fuck!
I don't get it
Oh, that's the Timesplitters female scream!
They were about to spend valuable bullets on that walker barricade before the kid on the walkie stopped them. Are you kidding me? The walkers were tied up, easy targets for a melee kill. Geez.
They were about to spend valuable bullets on that walker barricade before the kid on the walkie stopped them. Are you kidding me? The walkers were tied up, easy targets for a melee kill. Geez.
Primeiro alguém no Brazil tem que criar um personagem interessante
They're like made for each other
I'm surprised there are no stage fatalities, actually. And...no one seems to care?
[Esse cara já tava ligado nas parada](https://www.reddit.com/r/brasil/comments/aa3zab/cyberpunk_2099_cap%C3%A3o_redondo/).
Why?
Sim, acho que o Mike quis dizer mais pelo lado da distopia, mesmo.
Touchy, are we?
Uh, this seems weird. Are the artists ok with you taking everything? Like that is a looot of art and effort.
So you're the one who drew all that?
Then why do you get to use their artwork, but they don't get to use your text?
Only game that will give beast races a spotlight is ESO, unfortunately. I'd prefer anything over another human province, really. Elfs, Orcs, Cats, Lizards. Arguably the best game in the series was set in an Elven province.
Pokemon is the same game every iteration and ppl still buy every single one. It's like those FIFA games. I'll never understand.
I've read all the threads, and I understand your position now. Hopefully, you succeed. I am willing to help, but only after I finish my own NITW project. Good luck!
I'm translating the full game with the help of a team to my own language.
Most moths are cute to me :T
Brazilian Portuguese! What languages has it been translated to so far?
Damn, Fernando is beautiful.
Sounds like they got the original VAs for these skins. Which is amazing.
Thank the GODDESS Frog Isle is sitting out of ranked for some time. My most hated map of all time. Sad about Stone Keep, but Frog Isle being gone evens it out. Also does Luna seem kinda not that great to anyone else? She's so big and stationery that anyone with bulldozer, a VERY cheap item, will destroy her SO easily for such a LONG cooldown, 18 seconds is longer than most team fights, and I suspect Luna will be out of the fight within seconds...at the very least the cooldown to reposition her should be reduced significantly...otherwise she'll end being a point replacement for Io for when your team is fragging out, and nothing more.
Ppl actually like Frog Isle? Fuck that map, no flank routes, it's a crowded deathball all game long.
Y'know Victor really deserves to make it to the main show, he's one of the most interesting characters out of both the shows. If the merging rumors are true I hope he becomes a main TWD cast.
Tu só se interessa por coisas que tem br no meio?
Ui que chique, no exterior. Parece mais que vc quer um site de notícias.
Quem vive no Brasil tb quer discutir sobre coisas do exterior, vc que é do exterior não deve entender.
Dang, I wanted Omega Sha Lin.
Did they not update jukebox for PC yet? I mean like, officially, not a mod. It's literally the feature that would make me play the game again.
The person who abused me was someone I trusted/viewed as an older brother and he did it via grooming when I was about 7 over a period of time, so for quite a while I thought it was kind of a normal thing to do with very good friends. It was our "secret" game. Went on 'til I moved away some time later. I only found what he was REALLY doing to me when I started learning about sex at school, at about 11 or 12, and it tore me up at the time. I told my mother at the time and she manipulated me to stay quiet so it wouldn't cause trouble in the family and make her look bad or w/e. I was angry and sad and I suppose it was kind of a way to self-harm and to act out, and the hormones didn't help. I went through phases of enjoying the attention these men gave me, and feeling disgusted and ashamed at myself for doing stuff like that. And then I did it again. And repeat. It's difficult to explain to someone who didn't go through it because it's difficult for them to imagine what it's like to act this way as a child, but it came natural to me. They were things that were taught to me, that I knew. Much like playing video games might have been normal to you and something you thought about it your childhood days. So one day when you were a bit older you might have thought "I'll go on the internet and seach some games to play!", I thought "I'll go on the internet and search stuff about sex!" I still have access to the old e-mail I used to talk to these men on the net, I checked recently out of curiosity and some of their e-mails all the way from 2008 are still there...so I was about 12 when it started. Advice for parents of abused children who care... keep a REALLY good look on what your kid is doing away from you on the internet. It's really, really easy to fall in with these bad elements. My parents don't know to this day that I used to do this.
Dang. So much for timed exclusivity.
Bet this guy is a romantic interest. Mainly because of that "rare smile" line.
If I could make a character like that one from the transgender poster I definitely would
Finally!! No more square buns!
OP não conhece mt os americanos
Imani joins the booty shorts gang, it seems. Love it!
I played Oblivion when I was a kid and the undead in that game scared the crap out of me. I remember my first time meeting a wraith in some abandoned ship. Those damn screeches uwu
I've learned that it's always my fault when we lose, even if I got a 70% winrate. Such is the Pip life.
How can you possibly be this naive?
I'll take all the rescue foxes thank you
How brave do you have to be to stick a finger there without warning or preparation... Like, yikes.
Dredge is kinda ok now isn't he? Least, I never see him in ranked anymore.
Penso que ter profissionais desses tipos abertamente gays podem reduzir um pouco o preconceito. Um homófobico que for resgatado por esse cara será que continuaria a ser tal?
Getting offended on behalf of others
Eu acharia foda
Comentários do g1 são os trolls de schrodinger, nunca dá pra saber se são ou não.
Mas é bom que ele seja, pode trazer outra perspectiva pros cara que trabalham lá.
It's a travesty that Mal Doimba is not in the game yet.
I love his hair!
Did you make this thread to be a dick?
Not american, tryhard troll
On the cheek, no less!
Won't giving the dog away and being completely alone make it worse?
Delícia. Quer ser intolerante, vai pra igreja. Esporte é pra todos.
Daniel is a killer with a conscience tbh. He's obviously always been haunted by what he did in the past. It's not that impossible to believe he might be willing to give someone seemingly irredeemable in his eyes a chance to be a better person.
os fiscais de cu em uma de suas iterações mais literais
eu não sabia quem ela era até ler alguém explicando aqui no thread nem todo mundo é fanático por futebol
Seems about right, Maeve should be more black than gold since she is a rogue. Makes sense Lian would be mostly gold, she's a princess. Really don't see what all the fuss is about.
If no one's ever been proud of you, you don't really know how to feel proud of yourself
Acha que todo homosexual é pedófilo ou promíscuo tb? Todos que curtem anime são gordos incels? Todo gamer é man-child? Só pra ter uma ideia até aonde a generalização se aplica.
Patrolling this subreddit almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter
Pq são grupos fáceis de oprimir. Melhor odiar e judiar de algo que não vai reagir. Tipo a comunidade trans é uma das mais inofensivas e ainda assim Brazil tá tipo no topo do ranking de violência/assassinatos contra eles. Somos um povo frustrado que encontrar bodes expiatórios p/ descontar.
Se não esperava é inocente
I got knocked out of the map by a booby trap once.
I remember seeing some of his videos in the past, he genuinely seemed like one of the most upbeat youtubers out there. Made me laugh quite a few times. He was very memorable. What the hell.
Tbh esse cara tá com um sério risco de vida pelo que fez. Corajoso pra krl.
Woah, that's pretty cool. Characters should bruise more easily in MK11, tbh. In MK9 by the end of most regular fights you'd look like Liu Kang does here.
I love them, they're cuties. I'd have one as a pet.
don't get it
Snaggletooths are some of the cutest things out there
Meio engraçado que ela foi a única a falar o nome dele corretamente GLIN grinvald
The spread of destructive religions across the world
não diga
I've never actually seen one. It'd be interesting to see a vid. I can't think of a way Abyss Spike would be useful. I appreciate your effort. I got to masters one tricking damage Pip. I'm used to the hate too.
I'm a proud coward if it means I don't have to end lives over someone else's orders. My life matters only to me, and I value it enough not to take it from others, unlike you, it appears. If war stories and blind patriotism is what you're into, all the more power to you. Every war is born out of manipulative men's greed.
Gente cada vez mais eu acho que o Reddit é literalmente incapaz de entender sarcasmo. "Glin Grinvald" é o jeito que todo mundo tava falando. A moça falou Glenn Greenwald. Difícil de entender? Precisa colocar /s pra coisa óbvia?
They can barely finish the golden skins as it is... More rewards seems impossible.
Pra mim é simples, eu só sou tolerante com ideias que não ameaçam a vida ou estilo de vida de pessoas inocentes. Não considero um paradoxo.
No one really remembers Evie
That's literally what they are. It's what Disney has always called them...
Eu seria a aluna com cara de morte olhando pra cara do professor
DPS Pip will carry you to Masters, heal Pip will not.
The internal cooldown to the Reload card should be reduced. 8 seconds is too long for a game with something such as cauterize and burst meta. Long cooldowns force you to commit to it, other healers don't get punished nearly as much.
A slight debuff to healing power on mega potion, and a buff to his potion cooldowns would be the best way to balance the healing build.
Who hurt you in the bar, honey?
America's got weird laws. Dogs are allowed pretty much everywhere in Brazil too.
Do you think heal Pip can carry you to masters?
Pip's heal is too slow and gimicky to keep up with pros.
Did your parents use to bring you as a child and you hated it?
Eu acho que países mais afluentes que têm tanto interesse em não desmatar deveriam pagar pra que assim seja.
Are you unhappy and acting out?
Cortar os fundos como ameaça vai ter o efeito contrário de preservar.
No, I'm just sad for you.
Frost wins
I don't trust anyone. And when they do something nice for me, I assume the worst.
Okay I need that
I hate that you can't depict these things in media or art. I hate when people would rather pretend shit doesn't exist.
Pip has been around since the beginning, I think that's more than enough time. I play on masters/grandmasters ranked all the time, and Pip's healing is just not reliable enough. He's better off as backline DPS.
I don't believe that
"*To increase chances of infecting another cicada, the fungus has a few tricks up its sleeve. One is to encourage male hosts to flap their wings in a rather feminine manner, attracting other males to stop by for a quick snuggle.*" They are turning our cicadas gay!!
Aspas são usadas pra citações também, não só pra deboche cara. Era uma citação. Sim, essa é exatamente a melhor estratégia. É uma das poucas vantagens que o Brazil tem DE FATO sob o mundo, a floresta Amazônica. Bombas nucleares são ameaças à humanidade também, além de ferramentas p/ chantagem e soberania, veja se as potências do mundo vão abrir mão delas em prol da segurança e perpetuidade do bem-estar mundial. Nós temos que usar esse recurso que temos como o NOSSO trump card, sim. É ÓBVIO que países de fora vão usar esse discurso de ameaça ao mundo pra tentar controlar o que fazemos com nossa floresta. Por que esse velho discurso e apelo moral só há de ser válido com a gente? Com o passar do tempo e a inevitável e contínua poluição do mundo, nossa floresta se tornará cada vez mais e mais valiosa.
Por acaso armas nucleares não prejudicam o mundo inteiro, também? A humanidade em geral? Isso impede de serem usadas como ameaça? Como ferramentas de soberania? Se as potências têm tanto interesse na preservação mundial, por que não se comprometem a se livrar completamente desse tipo de arsenal em prol do bem de todos?
I mean, I don't generally trust last picks to be the damage or the flank.
Sanções e isolamento só iriam forçar mais ainda a mão do brasileiro em usar a amazônia p/ lucro qd país começar a decair. E quando isso acontecer, o que farão? Invadirão e tomarão posse dela a risco de uma guerra e a destruição da mesma no processo? O fato é que o Brasil eventualmente vai chegar num ponto onde nem a população nem o governo vai ligar mais p/ manter ela intacta, se explorar ela der mais lucro. O que está acontecendo agora é um preview. O dinheiro no fim sempre vence. É deveras conveniente pro exterior que ecocídio só venha se tornar crime contra a humanidade agora que a água começou a bater na bunda deles. Nova Iorque declarou estado de emergência climática hoje mesmo, se não me engano. Com o passar do tempo o valor da Amazônia só vai aumentar, em todos os sentidos. Ecocídio será uma forma de fazer o Brasil refém usando seu próprio patrimônio. Se ameaças contra a humanidade a custo até do próprio povo não têm peso nenhum na soberania de um país, por que países que possuem armamentos nucleares são tão receosos quanto a considerar a posse e estudo de tais como crimes contra a humanidade? Se todos devemos trabalhar como um todo a fim do melhor para o humanidade, o que torna o constante aperfeiçoamento do poder bélico nuclear diferente? Conveniente que apenas a nossa floresta deva ser considerada propriedade do mundo inteiro. Se o Brasil jogar suas cartas corretamente terá uma enorme relevância mundial em um futuro distante.
Yeah, Argonians are shape-shifters. The Hist may very well have created Daedroths of its own.
É conveniente para eles, pois até então estavam destruindo o ecosistema sem repercussões, e agora países abaixo deles que almejam fazer o mesmo serão impedidos, penalizados e não ganharão algo equiparável como restituição. Ecocídio é um termo beeeem recente. E só está sendo levado a sério BEM mais recentemente ainda. Aliás falou muito, mas não disse nada, e sequer respondeu a questão das armas nucleares. Qual é a diferença de usar a preservação da floresta como bargaining chip de algo igualmente perigoso pra humanidade feito o poder nuclear? A única real vantagem que o Brasil tem qualquer chance de ter vs algo como o USA é a terra em si. É a nossa "bomba nuclear" natural que eles não podem tomar à força. E você não disse também qual é sua opinião. Afinal, se o mundo tá tão unido assim pra evitar futuros desastres, por que é que nenhuma potência jamais vai abrir mão dessa tecnologia monstruosa? Como você defende esses países aprimorando cada vez mais seus arsenais nucleares ao passo que apontam o dedo para outros e acusam de irresponsáveis com a humanidade? Estados Unidos fez tanta merda egoísta e hoje é o país número um do mundo, tão como vários outros. Tudo que eles fizeram p/ chegar lá foi comer merda aos seus olhos afinal? Pq tá me parecendo que comer merda deu muito certo. É uma pena que você e nem eu vamos viver o bastante pra ver o que falei se concretizando. Ou nos pagam muito bem, ou a Amazônia tá comprometida, legal ou ilegalmente. A ganância vai vencer, como sempre vence. O quão valiosa você acha que essa floresta vai ser daqui a 500, 1000 anos?
He's just someone's who's not above stepping on his own just to attain power. I'm not sure if he even hates himself like some are suggesting.
Você é político? Que maestria em dizer muita coisa e não responder nada. É difícil responder por que todo esse moralismo deve apenas se aplicar a nós? Triste ver que o complexo do brasileiro nunca vai acabar. Vamos seguir sendo manipulados pelos que têm mais poder. Desde sempre, tantos recursos e riqueza, e sempre cedendo tudo pra estrangeiros. E depois ninguém sabe pq não vamos a lugar nenhum. Ecocídio será um loophole criado literalmente ontem apenas para ser usado pelos países maiores que mais destruíram o eco-sistema p/ assumirem controle "não-oficial" da floresta. Americano pensa em americano primeiro, e depois em americano, e se sobrar tempo pensa em americano também. Vou acreditar em boas intenções de países desse tipo somente quando eliminarem suas próprias ameaças contra a humanidade, também.
Por que os países desenvolvidos não se comprometem a extinguir o arsenal nuclear? São ameaças à humanidade. Vai fugir do assunto até quando? É exatamente por ver o peso do aquecimento global que vejo o valor que a floresta tem. E você quer entregá-la pro mundo.
Bunny Seris had such a nice...personality, but I like Remix too much to give it up. What do.
I one tricked Pip all the way to masters. If you're a solo player like me, you gotta find at least two damage or flank characters and get really good at them. Tank and support mains only really rise if they've got a duo.
Not giving a shit anymore
I mean...yeah. Where's the gun, though?
Pick Pip, outsnipe him with your self heals, profit.
Think back on your life and all the memories you've had, good and bad, and all this child has never come to experience.
Baraka has always had unlimited bones. This just is another insight into how his organism works. He can break off his bone-armblade thingy 10 times in a fight and have it replaced instantly every single time. So yeah, his bones are immutable and ever-present. Truly, a breathtaking specimen.
Are you some kind of psychopath? That's crazy
Oh, it does, it still works in masters. 315 Pip here.
Sniping from afar, Pip's range is unlimited with no fall off. Strix can easily lose since I can take cover after the first shot and quickly pocket myself.
Pip is the only reason I picked up the game, solely because he's adorable. I'd never been interested in shooter games before. He's also one of the champions that best highlight Pally's unique build system, a character with completely different playstyles based on what you pick. And he's strong as heck. I've always prefered DPS Pip myself. With the current meta he can be a solid carry pick. The feeling of outperforming a masters androxus or cassie at their own role as a support character is just great. Aaand he has great skins. Pepper included, I think she's cute too. I have a soft spot for foxes!
Only weaker countries will be punished, what the hell can anyone do against the US?
Quanto a isso, ele não está errado. Que moral esses países mais desenvolvidos têm p/ policiar o que fazemos com nossa floresta? Pro nosso tamanho e população nós estamos fazendo um trabalho muito melhor em preservar o meio ambiente que eles. A Alemanha em si em 20 anos mal diminuiu sua emissão de CO2. Que eles comecem a levar a sério a questão ambiental antes de querer penalizar países sub-desenvolvidos, especialmente a China e o US. Sei que é meme do hivemind downvotar qlker elogio a algo que ele faz, mas foda-se.
Ah, pans, the fancier bisexuals?
what the hell is a bathhouse
I don't understand how some people could live and die without wanting to leave their little bubble in the world.
Took 4 months and patience to build trust with a street cat, she'd barely let you look at her before bolting. Now she's inside, comfy and refuses to leave. She acted pretty feral to me at first but apparently feral cats are all lost causes so she mustn't have been a feral to begin with according to Reddit. Is it really true they are all untamable? I feel like people just don't have the patience or time most cases.
Holy crap 230 min? How's that even possible!
Mas como eles souberam a ponto de impedir? Pelos vídeos a aparência dela tá bem feminina.
Eu estou pesquisando no google e sofrendo pra achar sequer um caso de uma mulher trans estuprando outra mulher em um banheiro. Então se aconteceu, deve ser bem raro. Tipo, pra esportes a separação de trans até é justa, mas eu já vi muitas mulheres maiores e mais fortes que essa moça desse caso aí. Vc tá falando como se a trans convencional fosse essas body builder das olimpíadas. Eu acho que a chance de violência acontecer contra uma trans entrando em um banheiro de homem bem mais provável que acontecer algo qd ela vai no feminino. Ainda mais no país que mais mata trans no mundo.
A meta do Brasil é importar todas as coisas boas dos States. school shooters, climate deniers, teorias da conspiração, anti-vax, e em breve, ataques terroristas!
Viktor is truly the friendliest for a beginner. Imani will be strong next patch and she is good for projectile practice. Cassie is good overall. I'd aay any of these three.
But then they take away from the uniqueness of having different builds...which is what Paladins is about.
Apparently healer Pip will be viable next patch.
If they can't even make the current character selection screen be bug/delay free, a system like this seems impossible.
Spoken like someone who never had to experience first hand how shitty ppl can be.
Neither does it give you the right to dismiss other's lack of faith as invalid. Some people are born into shit situation and know nothing but shit.
I don't really care what a first worlder has to say about positivity. Y'all are out of touch in your own bubbles.
Not really, I'm bored. Sounds more like my description fit you.
Should I feel sorry for Pip players? I made a thread back when the PTS first came out and explained very detailedly how this patch would be the death of Pip, and asked fellow Pips for help to get the attention of Evil Mojo to review the changes to him. I was met with a lot of Pip players who just read the balance changes and didn't even play the PTS insisting that "iTs tOtAlLy FiNe", and "pIp WiLl Be GoOd BrUh U dOnT kNoW wHaT uR tAlKiNg AbOuT" despite me being a lv 300 Pip at masters. Like I said on my thread, y'all Pips enjoy being low tier now with the rise of other supports who bring more to the table and the overall buff to nearly every flank in the game while our flank playstyle got a HARD nerf. No team will ever want a Pip on their team for either playstyle now when there are so many better alternatives out there. Evil Mojo effectively killed one of their most balanced champions who perfectly embodied their "build your own deck and playstyle" aspect of the game.
I am so, so jealous of anyone who lives in a place that snows. It's literally my only dream to be in your place.
PC Jukebox is literally all I want. I would literally come back to the game just for this. Official Tekken twitter said the exclusivity was going to be TIMED! Timed until when?! The next game release?!
Nothing and no one to lose. Why didn't you come to me sooner? I'd have taken that same offer as a child!
This game taught me English. San Andreas Multiplayer servers were the shit. Those RP servers took me from basic to fluent.
Got permabanned from there for telling someone to stop faking drama, don't regret it
They changed and reviewed all the champions and mechanics ppl suggested in the PTS, but for some reason Pip players like to work against each other. This nerf could have been prevented or at least reviewed.
Everyone remembers the old VGS by it's commands simply because it was a thousand times more intuitive. VEW, VER, VVN, VVY,VVGQ,VVT, VSA1. Bet everyone who read this knows exactly what command it is because its just easier to remember. These jumbled random commands are not easy to remember at ALL.
Healer Skye is damn fun. Never thought Skye could be appealing. Gameplay wise, that is.
They nerfed Moji's support-ish playstyle at launch, with the healing cloud and ally speed buff, because she was supposed to be a flank. But now they gave Skye a better version of it. Evil Mojo, what the buck?
Fly upwards with it into the enemy back line and rain down RMB fire into the enemy. It almost always catches them off guard.
Impressionante como a maioria desse subreddit parece ser burguês vivendo no exterior. Só de downvotes no seu comment já se vê uns 25.
Só de ir pro exterior já é um burguês. No Brasil a chance de alguém bilingue ser um burguês é bem maior pq o ensino de idiomas na escola normal é uma bosta, então vão pras escolas especiais caras pra krl. Eu aprendi idiomas estrangeiros sozinha e às vezes esqueço que o normal é aprender em lugar chique.
That's my favorite quote from the game. Never have I related so much to a character!
Sua definição de zona pobre provavelmente é algo como Ipiranga. É burguês, sim.
I want Negan to see the child whose father he killed. He has a soft spot for kids. It would probably haunt him.
I grew up in a place with lots of kids, and they were all cutscene skippers. It infuriated me! They wanted to go around killing and cheating and causing havoc, meanwhile I just wanted to do the missions and the story.
It was honestly headed that way. According to the original showrunner, the plan was for us to watch her descent to becoming a villain. Not specifically Alpha, but it could make sense. I hate how they rebooted her. Even Nick's habit of blending with walkers could have been an inspiration.
If that's the case, I'd argue for a nerf on Maeve for it to work like Pip's, and for Pip's card to be 1 second reduction per weapon hit.
Sei, sei. A pessoa dizer que saiu do Brasil pra um país de primeiro mundo [provavelmente até antes dos 20 anos] e não é burguês é engraçado.
They are killing one of the best aspects of their game, build variety. In what other game can a support build their deck in a way that makes them a viable DPS or flank?
And I have gotten to masters using only damage Pip. They're good if you know how to play them.
Não, eu só invejo gente rica/privilegiada mesmo.
Não, eu aprendi sozinha, e esqueço que o normal é aprender em escola de rico, igual você. Aí me sinto out of place nesse subreddit de ricos.
If a support will go damage, they should say so, it's that simple. I never had trouble with people letting me go damage if I said so.
Quem for visitar os EUA, vá para Detroit, é igualzinho o game :)
Before long these people will get offended at rainbows in the sky.
No, lolis are your thing.
If telling yourself that helps you sleep at night!
I for one am thanking the gods. I was not ready to purchase it yet.
4 quartos, 3 suítes, piscina, jardim, churrasqueira, 3 banheiros, cozinha smart e 2 salas não é mansão. Precisaria de pelo menos mais um quarto pra ser uma mansão! Só pela casa modesta já dá pra saber que provavelmente já até morou no exterior. E não é burguês \*rollingeyesemoji\*
Inventa outra, coitadinho.
Geez, they can barely finish the current ones. Toughest recolors I've ever seen. Looks good, though.
Pepper mains were Pip mains before! And yes we all are.
Critica descendentes de imigrantes mas coloca sua origem italiana em um pedestal...clássico tiozão.
Some people are incapable of empathy. The only reason my rapist got away with it is because I had no idea what he was doing to me. An ignorant child is the child groomer's dream. I thought it was something normal until years later when I finally learned about sex at school. How can people not understand this?
Well, that's a defeat, so...
Jenos as Binary Star has the best feeling weapon in the game for me. I wish Luminary wasn't so damn meta. We could do without dmg buff talents tbh. Also he has the best voice pack in the game. As Exarch. Goodness, what a sexy voice.
Pip could have gotten a rework on his outdated model when every other legacy character did, but EM got scared out of it because of all the Reddit bitching over Vik's rework.
They messed up when they gave each new skin a different voice actor instead of sticking with a single one for each champ. It makes updating their voice lines difficult. It will make any lore updates they have planned for the future even more difficult.
They always listen, even when Reddit bitches about good changes, like the visual reworks, unfortunately. I'll never forgive y'all for scaring them out of updating Pip.
Ambos os lados de qualquer conflito sempre vão dizer que seu lado não tem extremismo Pra mim vcs são tudo pão da mesma forma. Pães que adoram um circlejerk.
Nunca vai ter meio termo E se houver, não vão querer ele Vocês e aquele outro sub são cópias inversas um do outro, igualmente chatões.
I would genuinely kill my rapist out of spite if that were forced upon me. Consequences be damned.
Pretty sure Pip is a Paladin in the new lore.
What about those [reformed Nazis on many youtube videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njXZUH5hv0w) who had a shit life and only needed guidance to see the light? Do their lives matter?
Even gays themselves are sometimes dicks to trans people. It would probably help.
But so many people on Reddit love saying their lives don't matter and a bullet to the head would be such a great solution. A bullet makes no such distinctions. By their logic that guy should be dead before he had a chance to change his ways.
Sorry, that's stupid.
So if someone killed the man from that video before he had a chance to reform, it would have been for the better?
You're no different than them, imo.
No, but she's got tail. That's more important. Also that list that guy who posted skin usage by champions showed Pepper was Pip's top three most used skins.
Pepper release was their most sold battle pass to date. She was far from a failure lmao Also healer EXCLUSIVE Pips are almost always terrible with the character, so they shouldn't really be taken seriously!
Could make it so his Q makes him throw two blades at his regular pace, instead of one at an accelerated pace. Similar to Maeve's primary. Also the ult charge card is really unnecessary for such a disruptive ult. And the rmb does NOT need a slow.
Also Maeve's Predation cooldown reduction on enemy hit card works on shields and deployables, while [most other champions' cards with the EXACT same description](https://i.imgur.com/3veBl1P.png) do not. Not to mention since it's per weapon hit, given that she has two daggers, both of them proc the effect at once...
But if they bought and use her, it means they like her. It's easy to just...not buy or use it. Numbers don't lie, the actual player base likes Pepper. Reddit has always been bitchy for the wrong reasons, like with the reworks everyone here bitched but the actual majority of players in-game loved or didn't mind them. So they listened to Reddit and Pip lost his chance for a rework. It's you guys' own fault Pip doesn't have better looking skins. At least the base one, recolor and golden one would have looked amazing with updated graphics. Now we'll only get shitty texture golden Pip.
No, she's also in a chest.
Eu uso de um lobisomem gostosão
Some guy posted it here this week, I'll try to find it.
Khan's got a Dragon skin coming apparently
So why aren't you working for Toby yet?!
That's Tyra
I remember when people got upset that the in-game model of Arctic Pip didn't have dat ass like the art. I wonder if that's why Pips are salty that Pepper came out thicc... She got what they wanted!
That's another reason, yup.
That if it was whiter it would hurt player's eyes. It was BS of course.
Pepper's ears move around, too. It's just that they're smaller so you might have not noticed.
Pip is a Fennec, hers looks like a blue arctic fox's. I think they're adorable.
We've got an actual arctic Pip that looks like a grey rat, so... Pip's next skin better blow us away with the textures... I want to have reason to use a Pip skin again.
A smart Jenos can counter Imani's ult with his own by one shotting her from any position. It's always scary being Imani against a Jenos. Especially if there's also an enemy Cassie!
What is gyro?
Oh, they'll patch it for sure, they can never let Pip have anything good.
And that's how a person comes to never trust anyone again. I sure don't anymore.
1.7 m is short?!
I can't possibly have been depressed all my life ,can I? I can't remember ever not being like that.
I would tell him he's a liar and not all powerful, and if he is, he is just uncaring, which is even worse. He wasn't there when I needed him the most, as he wasn't for many other children who have been through much, much worse than me. And I'd rather go to hell than worship a false benevolent god.
Well, if he lies about it so people think he's taller than he is...maybe there is a problem with being short.
I play both and I feel that ranked in Paladins is a better experience overall, coz of drafting and bans. Imagine if you could ban Genji if you're tired of the one-trick on the other team.
I love it, another female furry!
Further proving US thinks everything below it is Mexico
Suggesting Brazil has it shows your ignorance, you self-absorbed gringo. Probably doesn't even know there are languages other than Spanish down under.
Raum will be Anubis, and Ying will be goddess Isis/generic Egypcian princess, is my bet. I'm leaning on Isis since she is a goddess of life, magic, and healing. Fits Ying pretty well. So there will be at least one human.
They're on the same level. Pepper is still the most used remix skin to this day, anyhow.
Like, you think default Inara compares to her better skins, and that Star Slayer doesn't look good. You've clearly a terrible case of bad taste.
A barrel looks better than a starship? lol
No, but it gets annoying when someone can't even post a fanart without you and that other guy showing up and putting the artist down for drawing the character they like.
Questioning, uh-huh. As for skins, there's plenty of that by now. Thunderbrush already said he doesn't discriminate between genders when it comes to spicy skins.
Are we using detail as a factor? In that case, the blue fox has way more detailed clothes than the yellow one. Rings, wristbands, glowing lights, glass reflections, a unique rig, a unique animated weapon...while he has a brown jumpsuit (－‸ლ).
Me Moji me no scared. Me agressively hold mouse button better.
use magic barrier, me cooldown same as fireball. me boom boom sexy man from far place now.
He was fun before his rework imo. Felt like a powerhouse if you let him get close, but very weak at range. Very scary for shield users.
Se vc diz, deve ser.
Aww, reminds me of my little black panther! She used to do the same thing as a kitty.
What, is he in the denial phase? I assumed he was because everything pointed that way.
It does mean better quality. Like many other Pip mains, you're just sad she's way better than your basic fox.
That's denial to me. Anyway. You're the one finding malice in something obvious and acting like being gay is some sort of insult.
If it quacks like a duck, looks like a duck, walks like a duck, then it's obviously a goose, huh? How insensitive of me.
He said that to no one here, I assumed he was based on how he acts for however long I've seen him around. It's been like a year or more now. Now, I'd call him a furry too, but maybe he's questioning that too, lol.
Eh...that's nostalgia glasses. It's funny how the combat worked. Could be standing there for like 1 minute missing each other, lol.
If you're that offended about sexuality, I think you're the one with a problem. I could give two shits if someone feel offended that questioning or not when they haven't said anything.
Gay is not an insult
Said to who? You, privately? I'm not going to feel bad about something I couldn't have known.
I've been around since beta, [reached master rank one tricking him](https://www.reddit.com/r/Paladins/comments/bjrgjo/made_it_to_masters_for_the_first_time_pretty_happy/), and I'm over lv 300 now. You're literally so wrong about that, lol.
Then [show your profile in-game](https://paladins.guru/profile/7181031-Pepperblue), so far you're all talk. Liking Pepper doesn't inherently mean you hate Pip, as shocking as it may seem to you Pip mega-fans, one can like both.
And? Can perhaps I reverse time and not call him gay pre-emptively? Honestly if he's that touchy about it [maybe it's just you], it's not my problem.
No, you just assume whatever fits your narrative, despite being proved completely wrong now, and having nothing to show for your side. No one would main a character they hate for years (－‸ლ)
Now you're just being childish after being proven wrong, lol. You won't show your profile because you know I've been maining him for much longer than you.
I also didn't realize he's apparently still a kid, if he's still trying to find himself that badly. May he find the answer, and may you stop feeling offended on his behalf
Time, dedication and skill means nothing? Yeah, right. It would if it were the other way around, and you had the stats to show. But you don't, meaning you lost the argument badly, so now it conveniently means nothing, haha. You seem incapable of comprehending people can like more than one thing. How would you react to bisexual people? lmao
Why exactly is he a rapist? Those grabbing kitties comments?
Then it shouldn't be the end of the world that a Pip main also likes Pepper. I don't hate him, I just don't wear rose-tinted glasses. Pip mains are delusional in many ways. Like how I've always asked, and made threads demanding buffs for him, and there'd always be a few insisting he's just fine and perfect, that nothing could be improved. Look where that got us now, he's literally fallen to the bottom of the tier list. It's the same Pips insisting that he was fine and dandy in every way that ruined the one chance he had of having a visual rework, and looking way better and more in line with the current graphics and lore.
Then our definitions of rude are way different. I'd say it's rude to stalk every Pepper fanart thread and making some unknowing artist feel bad for drawing something they happen to like, but what do I know? I've never done something like that.
The most unnessary rework so far.
very emocionante
lol, fizeram assim no passado, também
O próprio pablo vittar se identifica como um homem gay, lol. Não é trans. A "personagem" dele que é feminina.
Parece que aqueles que pensam dessa forma são uma minoria.
Oh, it's pride month again? Feels like it's every month.
Que tem uma imagem do brasil não faz algo deixar de ser um pano. Lol. Vc era do tipo que ficava fazendo juramento pra bandeirinha?
Então acertei na mosca? Ter bom senso não é ser diferente. Tem culturas que até ameaçam morte por causa de papél. Tremenda babaquice.
Errada onde? Como um pano verde queimando afeta a vida de qualquer um? É uma porra de um pano.
I feel like Atlas is by far the most annoying counter to Tiberius. Can't kill his shield.
Stop bullying artists you obsessed weirdo. They aren't to blame you have a hate boner for a character they like.
He does that on every thread don't mind him
Que analogia horrível
Oh, this is adorable btw!
He pra ele, she pra ela, they pra ele/ela. Sim, they, o pronome usado pra plural, pode ser usado também para o gênero neutro. Em todas as frases seguintes, eu estou falando de uma singela pessoa. He has a dog = ele tem um cão She has a dog = ela tem um cão They have a dog = ele/ela tem um cão obs. que essa última frase poderia ser traduzida para "eles têm um cão" ou "elas têm um cão". Vai depender contexto pra vc saber se é a **tradução neutra**, ou do **plural** que a frase quer passar. Sem contexto nenhum, porém, pode ir com confiança que a tradução padrão será a do **plural**. No inglês até funciona de uma forma mais natural, pq é uma língua mais neutra em geral, profissões, adjetivos e tal em sua grande maioria já não especificam o gênero. Mas em português tentar fazer a mesma coisa fica ridículo. "elx é muito bonite"... coisa horrível de se ler
Nuh Tiberius doesn't have nipples D:
Eu acho interessante que os jogos da Bethesda são cheios de personagens lgbt desde Daggerfall, como um muçulmano raíz justifica jogá-los? Se vc for ver o twitter do middle east, tem uma penca de fãs. Até uns super contra "degeneracy", mas têm uma foto do Skyrim no perfil. lol.
Youtube tier lists are always updated. You should look for those.
Search Pepperblue for loadouts in-game, I'm a master rank Pip, and I've got plenty appropriate builds with intuitive names.
No video, ela aperta o botão mais alto do elevador e deixa o menino ir. Já viram aqueles experimentos com crianças pra ver se adultos ajudam ou não? Com certeza se fosse um loirinho de olhos azuis, ela não largava assim.
Pq? Ofende seu emocional? Isso é passível de crime?
Eu comi todos esses anos e nunca percebi que isso existia
A mãe disse que no vídeo ela identificou que essa mulher apertou o botão do elevador mais alto, pro garoto subir pra cobertura, tipo, pra que fazer isso, se não maldade? Até escadas de prédio são perigosas pra crianças dessa idade sozinhas.
E aí povo, será que ele ainda vai jogar xbox? kkkkkk
It's his snaggletoofers. All the goat monsters have them.
"Drug fiend" is largely responsible for Morrowind's huge success and consequently enabling Bethesda to grow. Take away all the lore, art/look, weirdness and uniqueness he gave that game, and you got another generic rpg. He pretty much gave the whole pantheom a backbone, expanding upon previously vague lore, and adding new. I could post a list of all the world lore he was responsible for when Morrowind dropped, but it'd get a bit long.
[This thread explains his contributions other than lore](https://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/18uuw0/but_mk_doesnt_have_anything_to_do_with_bethesda/), and in subsequent games. These are the in-game books/lore he was responsible for when Morrowind dropped, many of which are referenced to this day in the world lore: * Approaching Vivec / Vivec and Mephala * Five Songs of King Wulfharth * 36 Lessons of Vivec * Aedra and Daedra * Sithis * Spirit of Nirn * Arcturian Heresy * The House of Troubles * The Monomyth * The Lunar Lorkhan * Varieties of Faith in the Empire * Where Were You When the Dragon Broke * Commentaries on the Mysterium Xarxes * Adabal-A * Songs of Pelinal * The Warrior's Charge * The Firmament (which looks like it has tweaks in any given game) * Mysterious Akavir * Changed Ones * The True Nature of Orcs * The Anuad (with Kurt Kuhlmann) * Before the Ages of Man (with Ken Rolston and Kurt Kuhlmann) * Remanada * Shezarr and the Divines * Children of the Sky (with Richard Guy)
Por um lado Bethesda é hipócrita por pregar lgbt só onde convém, por outro o povo desses países que concorda com a discriminação tb é, por ainda comprarem jogos da Bethesda que desde sempre incluem personagens e histórias lgbt
A mãe identificou que no vídeo a madame aperta o botão do último andar do prédio.
Até hoje me impressiona como conseguiram transformar aquele meme do sapo em um "símbolo de ódio". Wtf.
I honestly don't get the hate boner some people seem to have for him. He's contributed so much to this universe we adore. When did he become a villain?
Cidade de Kowloon
Echo-cho-cho chamber...
Aquele estilo de desenho do steven universe me irrita por algum motivo. E todo desenho ultimamente tá saindo assim.
(－‸ლ)
JK escreve livros de fantasia, e é curioso que esse pessoal cancelando ela vive em uma fantasia.
Escolho Will Smith, já viram tamanho da casa dele?
lol mó efeito de soco de filme nos 1:23
Nepotism, he let his son get away from the law.
Either way low tier
I remember in Oblivion enemies would occasionaly fling their bow at you when they ran out of arrows [Witness greatness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixYwDntgdJ0)
That's why he's great! Without Thunderbrush we'd still be stuck in "the Paladins: generic humans with a gun" phase. He brought the "fantasy" back to Paladins. If the CS shooty shooty people want no variety in characters, there's plenty of games that fit that bill out there.
Shut what, boludo?
No one is so pathetic and insecure that they'd throw a tantrum and quit over a png.
Did anyone say it was? The more interesting champions such as Furia, Imani, Raum, Tiberius, Io etc only started coming once TB took over. Same thing for skins. Before it was shooty shooty human with a gun all the time. Lex, Viktor, Tyra, Lian, Vivian, Strix...
Spicy female furries are apparently the problem, no one bats an eye at the obvious gay furry bait, Tiberius.
No one killed Pip better than Pip players, make no mistake. Y'all are they reason he never got a buff and now is super low tier and unpopular,and consequently less likely to get attention.
Minority? If anything the people complaining are the minority.
We got a winner!
Catering to us is helping Paladins, the only reason some people play is because of it.
Even then the gap between humans and fantasy races was much bigger.
If you'd quit over trivial stuff you were never that interested to begin with.
I cannot fathom how someone would feel so personally offended over an anthro drawing. Did you have a tantrum every time Lola the bunny, or Krystal from Star Fox showed up on screen, too? This is a scapegoat for your desire to leave the game, nothing more. Of all the reasons to quit, this is the most ridiculous.
Because most furries are gay or bisexual leaning towards gay. I don't mean that in a rude way. You can look that up on google, it's statistic. There's plenty of them right here bashing Pepper for her clothes on one thread, while begging for spicy skins for the male furries in another. Smh.
I literally don't see anything suggestive in the card. Are tribal clothes sexy to you?
But...they are. Furries are literally the minority of skins and character in the game. That's why all this drama is just that - drama. Why can't you handle there being different content in the game other than what you like? Also, I started this game only because I saw Pip in it, and today I'm master rank on the way to GM...so that point is invalid. Ppl can start playing and stay for whatever reason they have.
That is literally what they are doing. Then why are you being dramatic?
How are they not doing that right now?
Wow, just because he has connections to the royalty? Gold digger!
Real ou não, ele tá fudido agora.
That he gets this reaction out of y'all makes it even more funny to me.
You don't see us posting Pepper stuff at all...these haters are obsessive.
I have an alt with that name, I'd love that!
Egyptian Pepper gets 2k+ likes on twitter, is the most used Pip skin, the most sold battle pass, she does so well that she comes back for another battle pass. You literally see the card every match on a game with thousands of players. Meanwhile salty boys ammount to about two digits here. Y'all deserve Salt.
Se alguém falsificou isso, prestou muita atenção na maneira dele falar. No passado ele postou algo no face dizendo "Aliás, preciso parar de falar *inglês* no meio do português, muito coisa de babaca. Ou não, né? " E tb, eu sempre achei o inglês dele meio inconsistente, não sei se foi o sotaque que me deu essa impressão. Mas o erro de gramática no início do vídeo ali condiz com isso. "to u", em vez de "for u". MAS, se ele for realmente fluente diplomado e tal, esse errinho no começo pode ter sido do falsificador, pq não imagino alguém realmente fodão do inglês cometendo esse erro basicão. Enfim, se é falso , estudaram ele bem rs
But you have to see him every loading screen. And the camera focuses on him if he killed you.
O objetivo de quem dá corda pra essa manada de cancel culture é que a pessoa se mate, mesmo. Acusação desse tipo, se não for real, ainda vai assombrá-lo pro resto da vida.
Since when does liking something means being attracted to it? What? Can you point to where I said that? The people complaining ARE the minority. Most people don't care , or even like her a bit.
That's strange, because people still complain when they keep making skins for the waifus that do sell well. A little diversity won't kill anyone.
I did my first run on ultra-hard and the combat felt amazing. Breaking off parts from those huge machines, or coming up with a plan to take down mobs felt so satisfying The final fight against that Fireclaw in the DLC was insane.
Ele tá provavelmente drogado e bêbado de desespero desde que isso surgiu, você acha que o julgamento dele tá 100% agora? Não duvido que tenha se entregado desabafando pra vários amigos à essa altura. Ele claramente tá com um tom de choro nos áudios, também. O robô de deepfake teria que ser muito brabo pra emular o jeito de falar dele + emoções fortes ao mesmo tempo, hein.
How is it Thunderbrush's fault for the community battle pass? It was literally us who chose what was in it. Maeve, Tyra, Ying were also featured in all those BPs you mentioned.
No leaks ele diz que a mãe mandar fotos assim da menina era algo recorrente. Pra vc não tem nada de errado?
Sem contar que dá pra notar o tom de choro na fala dele no áudio, se fazer fake em português já dizem ser difícil, imagina com emoção assim.
I mean, glasses are kinda expensive.
Convenhamos que até antes disso esse PC sempre foi de encher a cara e se drogar bastante. Vai saber o que tava pensando. Deve ter confiado na pessoa errada. Ainda bem, né?
I feel like the Metal Flowers will turn out to be a sort of call for help by Demeter, in the only way it knew how/could, sent across the land in a hurry, before it became completely corrupted. We know some Alphas put some of their personal touches on their creations, and Demeter's creator, Naoto, who happens to be a poet, is one of the Alphas we get the least backstory on. One of the game's main focuses will be her and Demeter's story. Maybe Naoto's poetry instilled some sort of semblance of conscience in her creation, relating to why it sent out the Metal Flowers as a possible last desperate call. Perhaps given it is an entity not built with the purpose to feel such as Gaia and Cyan, its only way to communicate was through poetry. Or maybe it can communicate, but were being blocked from sending for help by whatever entity is corrupting it, so it sent out the poetic Metal Flowers as a way to bypass it and draw attention to itself.
The only thing I'd change about original Pepper is the hair. Perhaps not even give her one. Or a headphone/helmet/hat that would cover where the hair would be, leaving some tufts out. I'm not really a fan of comb-overs.
In the Sand of Myth patch, every flank and some damages in the game got massively buffed, while Pip had his damage playstyle nerfed HARD. Moxie heals for much less, and the extra damage for explosive flask went from 840 to something like 720. He simply cannot win 1v1s against any champions in the game when evenly matched in skill. Around that same patch, nearly every healer in the game got a significant buff to their kit, such as Seris and Furia [among others], who had their healing cooldown card built into their kit, so they could spend more points in useful cards. Pip never got that buff despite having one of the longest healing cooldowns in the game, and having to spent a buttload of points for a viable loadout, leaving no room for other useful cards.
That one is a Sands of Myth list. The patch that nerfed Pip the most. They're mixed between the Sand and the Darkness updates.
Deixa existir em paz
Zee, could you pls repost this in a few days? Or something similar. If we don't speak up, the balance team will never give Pip justice. This the only way they'll start making content for him again.
Every home should have it, how ppl feel clean enough with just paper is beyond me.
Revert Pip's latest nerfs. They were ridiculous. Not needed at all on an already non-meta character.
I don't care, I just want him buffed and relevant again.
No. Pip needs buffs. He's getting placed in the lowest tier possible by everyone ever since he was nerfed in Sands of Myth update.
To think time, resources and effort that could have been spent on ES6 is being wasted on...this.
No, it is not. You're confusing it with ESO, the other popular IP's online game. Elder Scrolls Online has a different development studio. Zenimax Online. Fallout 76 was developed by the same studio as Skyrim. Bethesda Game Studios.
Still Bethesda. Same studio.
So it IS Bethesda Studios. Your point is?
Bethesda's resources.
It all seems a tad bit pretentious to me.
Zenimax has nothing to do with F76. It's all Bethesda.
I'm not into using big words to discuss pointless things while trying very hard to seem smarter than I really am. I found my own meaning, I don't care what philosophers or w/e have to say about it.
Says right there on F76's page it is a Bethesda studios game.
if you say so
Because it's a Bethesda game.
There is no mention of zenimax on anything f76 related.
You're the one refusing to admit defeat.
What is there to fight about? You direct me to wikipedia and all it did was further confirm you were wrong all along.
yeah, I figured you'd run out of arguments. don't start a discussion if you can't back it up.
Wikipedia says Bethesda Game Studios. Where is your proof otherwise?
How can you honestly see this character being put in the lowest tier consistently by high ranked people since the Sands update and think that there is nothing wrong? That in itself invalidates your point about the lists being worthless for everyone has a different opinion. All of them agree Pip is dead right now. Even developers acknowledged that he is so unpopular right now that there is not much point to making content or skins for him. A SHIT tier nerfed character will not attract players, and thus not receive content. I sincerely feel that you are speaking from the experience of a low ranked and/or casual player, where Pip won't be as punished for the slightest mistake. Reiterating that tier lists by known players are NOT full of shit if every single one of them is saying similar things, things that directly corroborate with data stating his unpopularity provided by devs themselves. &amp;nbsp; His "buffs" are negligible compared to the MASSIVE buffs other support characters received to make up for the "numbers" nerf. Supports that, mind you, were always strong or at the very least reliable in their job. What did PIP receive to offset the numbers nerf in comparison to other supports that were already better than him even before the update? Let's see: Mal Damba had his healing numbers brought up, and he's got a new legendary card that boosts his gourd healing by a ridiculous ammount. Furia had a loadout rework, which removed the mandatory healing cooldown reduction card and gave it to BASE Furia, while also giving her yet another way to reduce her OP pillar's cooldown. Those are HUGE. Seris also had a similar rework to her loadout cards, in which her base healing cooldown got buffed significantly, leaving space for more useful cards and opening up other playstyles. Io just recently got a massive buff to her healing potential, as well, and her Luna utility makes her a strong, desirable pick every time. Corvus also has so much utility that I'm not even going to get started. What did Pip get ? A reduction to his healing potential, his damage potential, and a useless new card that will hardly be used because Pip's kit didn't get revamped so as not to force a single card build in order to be effective as a healer, like literally all the other healers out there. No, his healing has to be sub-par, and he has to get punished severely for the slightest mistake/bad luck with abysmal cooldowns, while any other support will have their primary healing ability up in two seconds or less. But oh, a mid-air inaccuracy removal buff that should have been there since LITERALLY EVERY OTHER air-focused character had theirs removed YEARS ago, totally makes up for it all. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Now tell me, what does Pip have to offer in a competitive match that all these other supports can't do a thousand times better? Why would you invest time in mastering his higher skill ceiling when other supports outclass him with 1/3 of the effort? Catalyst also did not deserve a nerf on the very same patch every other damage/flank in the game got a buff. Now he brings nothing to the table that others can't also do a hundred times better. NO ONE is glad to have a Pip on their team, especially since the Sands update. If you've got any evidence proving otherwise, I'd love to see it. Because I've got tons of screenshots ready to go of ppl getting toxic over a Pip pick.
He is a strong support if you're playing bronze tier casual. Then everyone can be strong.
A whole lotta good combat medic's doing, given the character's still unpopular, flamed when picked in a competitive match/universally unwanted in a team, and not worth making content or skins for, as explained by Evil Mojo employees themselves.
Oh, Zee, you did it. You summoned **them**. See all these delusional Pips insisting he's just fine despite being in the trashest tier and not receiving ANY content due to his unpopularity brought on by bad balancing decisions? You can throw evidence in their face, even statements by EM employees themselves, hell, the vast majority of the server could be in agreement that Pip is dead, yet they'll still defend that all is just fine and dandy. I don't know what else to do, Pip "mains" just don't cooperate to help the character. I guess our boy is fated to receiving no/negligible content forever. Joining the ranks of Torvald and Grohk.
Oh bugger off, this thread is actually important to the character.
I'm damn tired of having to link the same things over and over again so that players with no experience like you keep acting like you're the voice of reason, against literally the majority of players. Thunderbrush and I think Romanova as well both said at certain points that they would love to give Pip content, but he's just not profitable due to his unpopularity as of late. Pip, the character who was the game's friend referral mascot, had frequent skins updates, and was even chosen for the game's first legendary echo skin, now is reduced to an unpopular mess not even worth skins anymore due to crap balancing decisions. I searched your name on Paladinsguru and just as I predicted, you have next to no experience in serious ranked play. You're literally playing in a bubble on lower elo casual, OF COURSE you wouldn't have had enough experience with the character to know why he's not worth it in a real match. It is NOT gatekeeping. Is it really so much to ask that you at least do some ground research before making claims that the character is just fine based on your limited experience? You're looking at changelogs rather than how characters actually work in a real match, that also tells me you're not very familiar with them. Catalyst Pip was never so much of a meme as it is now. Pip was at launch a damage character first and foremost, and up until now players that liked his original conception could enjoy it as a viable option. You can't justify killing a good, fun playstyle for no reason.
Play actual competitive matches for at least a week and then talk to me. Right now, your claims are baseless, you didn't even bother to put your words to the test. Really, do it. I saw that you haven't even touched competitive in a very long time.
"*By my last count, I'm level 57 on Pip, and I constantly play Combat Medic, which means i'm very aware of my CD's, my abilities and my cards. I am far from a "bad" Pip player, and If people would let me play CM Pip in Ranked, then I would. But alas, kicks....so many kicks*...." You're admitting yourself that you can't play Pip in ranked because people bully you out of it. That you stopped because it was toxic. How is a character that can't even be picked in a SERIOUS match without people flaming you possibly be in a good spot? Are you kidding me... Stop sabotaging him. You can't speak about a character's balance if you're actively shutting out the one mode in the game that actually matters for balancing.
Other characters have much better versions of that same ability. In fact, characters have much better versions of anything he can do.
Aw, so cute! I'd totally have a moth pet if possible.
Ele não é doméstica, tá liberado.
Hey, it would line up with when Horizon Zero Dawn's meat industry went under. Next step is murder robots.
Foda-se crianças, aborta mesmo
All this drama only reinforces to me that the average person is almost incapable of having empathy for a perceived enemy. When I saw the leaks I immediately thought it would be a disaster coz of that. Most of them would have likely done or at least wished they could do the same as Abby in her shoes...but we got to know Joel as our "family" first. How many ppl would be willing to empathize with their family member's killer no matter their motives?
Hm. The thing I'd change is, give the player time to perhaps open up to Abby BEFORE she does what she does. Or maybe give the two of them a common goal before the fact. Something to ellicit more empathy from the common gamer. How I re-imagine your scenario is that she'd get captured alongside Joel and Ellie \[players would get to spend more time with that original duo before this happens\], they all help each other out, Abby learns superficially how close they are to one another, but sometime during their fight to survive/escape, she finds out that this Joel is exactly the one she was looking for. Amid the chaos, they all get separated from each other.We play as Ellie then, go through some stuff, and find a dying Joel after a while. Ellie swears vengeance on the cult. She has no reason to suspect anyone else. She finds Abby later on, whose friend Lev has been taken captive by the cult. Both of them starting working together to bring them down from then on \[at some point their paths diverge to allow a different Abby playthrough, but sometimes they intersect, and they get to spend some time knowing each other, consequently we players get to know Abby a bit\]. The story reaches a point where Ellie gets captured/ends up in a bad situation, and we get started on the Abby playthrough. We also go back in time much like the original, learning Abby's backstory, and also the moments that led up to her being captured by the cult. She was searching for Joel much like the original game. We get to that point where she's captured alongside Joel and Ellie, and they all get separated. She finds Joel before Ellie does, and they go through some enemies together. A situation comes up where Abby has to help Joel, and we find out that she lets her vengefulness get the best of her, and willfully gets him killed. It wasn't the cult after all. She joins up with Ellie intending to use her obvious skills as a way to get her friend back, but along the ride she starts realizing just how much of a father figure Joel was to Ellie and how losing him wrecked her much like when she lost her own father, she sees herself in Ellie and begins having mixed feelings. Abby saves Ellie's life somehow from the aforementioned bad situation Ellie had wound up in during the first playthrough. The game's climax would be Ellie finding out what exactly Abby. who has been fighting beside her, and who she's been growing fond of, had done to Joel. Perhaps it would be through Abby's own admission. I dunno what happens then!
Yeah, so she definitely should have been told about it. Killing her while she's still thinking it's just a routine checkup is just cruel to me.
Pip's double jump card was the most fun shit in this game to this date.
É pq não são super modelos
Ainda assim, a pessoa padrão só vai se REALMENTE importar com a própria tribo, ou seja, família. Se tivessem que fazer a escolha anônima entre salvar a vida da própria filha, ou das filhas de 100 outras pessoas, a escolha que a grande maioria vai fazer é bem óbvia.
I mean...Jackass.
I think the one female Khajiit merchant who says "It is a strange sight, the white flakes that sometimes fall from the sky" has a cute voice. But the best female Khajiit voice so far Ahnassi from Morrowind. Some voices in ESO are also great, very kitty-like.
That's them Bethesda eyes you're describing.
Much better. I'll always be salty Pip's the only OG character who never got a visual update.
Hahahahaha. Oh. Good joke.
Rogue Company is not going to make it. Not when every one is obssesed over Valorant, and Overwatch 2 is on the horizon. Realm Royale is a testament to Hi-Rez's stupidity. They had everything to succeed, but screwed it over with terrible decisions. Paladins only didn't die when OB64 came because it already had a loyal playerbase by then. Realm didn't even have time for that.
Good news for you tho, next Elder Scrolls will be as boring and human as it can be. Bretons and High Rock, the equivalent of every medieval fantasy ever...hooray. With VI we'll have three games in a row set in human provinces... At least ESO tries to give more content for the other races such as orcs, dunmer, altmer, khajiit, argonians.
Even if by some miracle Rogue Company succeeds at launch, Hi-Rez won't know what to do with it. Remember Realm Royale?
People who still wanted Abby to die by that point are ironically very similar to Abby herself. In the sense that they're blinded by revenge and refuse to see past it. That's Abby at the start of the game 100%, killing the man that showed a glimpse of having become a better person when he saved her in that blizzard. She wanted him to die no matter what, just like these players wanted Abby to die no matter what at the end.
Suzie and Noelle!
Hopefully you are right. I want to support it.
Bobs and vegana bad Naked man good
Quem liga se o cara gosta.
But it's off that Pepper wants to show off? /eyeroll emote
Still the most used Pip skin and death card. :)
TIL battle passes are free
Nah, I don't agree. I love purples and blues.
Would also fit as an Inara skin.
I will never have empathy for a cult so long as it still executes lgbt and apostates to this day in their home countries. It's the only major religion in the world left with enough power and influence to still opress people in such ways.
Vora makes me think of insects...because of mortal kombat.
Since it seems you are new to shooters, pick a character you really like to one trick and become very, very good with them. Eventually your skill and muscle memory will transfer to other characters. A jack of all trades is master of none, so if you keep switching characters and weapon styles nearly every match it will take much longer to get used to anything. Source: Me, a Pip one-trick who never played FPS games in her life before Paladins. I reached Master rank after about a year of playing. I owe it all to Pip.
Pip mains are screwed ever since the sands of myth update nerfs. I'm not feeling like playing the game either. Maybe take a break until they buff him, if ever.
Que horrível. Têm que parar de tentar copiar isso na nossa língua. Em inglês funciona pq é uma língua neutra por natureza.
Me pediram pra colocar esse x na minha tradução do Undertale pra deixar o gênero da criança neutro como o original, que usava o pronome they. Eu preferi traduzir o jogo duas vezes, fazendo uma versão com pronomes masculinos e uma com femininos. Valeu a pena ter o dobro do trabalho do que colocar essa coisa feia de ler no jogo todo. Dessa forma manti a ambiguidade da criança, e a beleza da nossa língua. Então me conta de novo que eu não sei do que tou falando
Ficaria ridículo ficar evitando frases com gênero. Você tem noção de quantos adjetivos e pronomes existe em um game rpg? Undertale que é um jogo indie tem mais de 20.000. Até em uma frase simples tipo "Frisk is my friend!" teria que ser feito um malabarismo imenso p/ se desfazer do gênero de amigo/a. Agora imagina ficar fazendo isso jogo inteiro, seria mt forçado. E "mex amigx" dói demais de ler. Ia ser tortura mental traduzir tantas linhas matando o português. Deixem neutralidade p/ línguas compatíveis.
No, pip
É um exemplo de milhares. Mas não tenho como te passar as milhares de linhas similares das 20 mil que traduzi, né? Amigue ou amigx nunca soará natural no nosso idioma.
Eu me oponho porque querem imitar tudo que estrangeiros fazem, até quando não se adequa aqui. O they singular já existe há séculos no inglês.
E desde essa época que você citou já há registros do "they singular" na língua inglesa, diferente da nossa. A língua portuguesa não precisa ser neutralizada.
Continuam falando o português da forma correta e colocam na cabeça que certas coisas de outras línguas não traduzem bem?
Eu não estou disposta, e felizmente vejo que essa abominação linguística só aparece na internet por ora. Empréstimo linguístico =/= alterar como a gramática inteira do idioma funciona p/ agradar uma minoria.
Fui em uma igreja evangélica aqui no interiorzinho por curiosidade, e achei super bizarro como esse povo de culto aceita marmanjos de 20 21 anos namorarem com meninas na pré-adolescência desde que ambos sejam frequentadores.
I'd never played FPS before, then I saw there was a cute fox, Pip, and figured I'd give it a try. That's what stands out to me, Paladins has one of the best variety of characters out there, something for everyone. I like the loadout system, makes the game more entertaining. I tried stuff like CS since I started here and it just bored me to death. What it can do better is balance is the champions properly. No need to kill characters that were never meta to begin with, or gatekeep other low tiers from ascending.
How will they nerf Pip this time? My bet is on resillience being buffed, screwing over his ult.
Vivian, Viktor, you think Vora will have aim down sights?
I have a good rank on both and Paladins is way more fun to me.
Yeah, they've stated before they don't certain characters to ever be on the meta. It's like they're designed to be failures.
