&gt; And yet attract completely opposite people. Funny, that. They don’t. There are plenty of Brexiteers within the Yes campaign ranks. &gt; Every poll since that has asked. Let’s see one then.
I got him in the neck right? With the first shot.
That’s a no then.
So have you the figures or not?
&gt; It was *before* I said anything about opposites. And then it was after. And you pulled some figures out which showed all your chat about opposites was nonsense. And now you’re whining about me “shifting the goalposts” because you’d rather I didn’t call you out on that particular piece of bullshit and focus on something else you said first. Well I ain’t. I’m just going to call you out on your bullshit about the Yes campaign attracting polar opposite people to the Leave campaign. Speak less bullshit and you won’t have to worry about goalposts. Happy to help.
Happy to help.
&gt; So for your example, the $136. I would create the rent bill for 136 and assign that amount to it in checking. No you don’t change the value of bills. The bill is the bill. It sounds like you don’t really understand how the YNAB software works. Have you tried watching these videos? They talk you through it step by step. https://youtu.be/hBQ2LWPX9_w
Your account balance was $213.58 on January the 1st. That’s when YNAB calculates your debt, at the start of each month. If you pay $359.18 you will pay off the transactions you have made since Jan 1st, plus the original $213.58 debt. You will therefore have reduced your debt by $213.58
&gt; It’s also printed on your direct debit that you pay automatically, for which you need the money available on a precise date. If you use YNAB correctly you will always have the money available to pay your statement balance, because YNAB tracks your *actual* credit card balance on any given day, and not what your statement balance is, which will usually be a week or so out of date. &gt;And unlike the numbers in ynab, that’s actually what the real world will mention when talking to you. YNAB is closer to the real world than your statement balance. YNAB tracks what your *actual* credit card balance is on any given day. Your statement balance is what your credit card balance is on one particular day in the past, If you make sure you can pay your available balance on any given day, your statement balance is irrelavent. If you focus only on your statement balance you will not have an accurate picture of your present financial situation. &gt;if you pay less (or more) than your statement balance, actual things will happen. If you're using YNAB correctly you would not pay less than your statement balance. If by paying your *actual* balance you end up paying more than your statement balance absolutely nothing will happen except you will reduce your credit card balance by that amount.
Look at your Net Worth report. It shows your Net Worth on a monthly basis. The commentary on your credit card, which you referred to in your initial question is commentary with respect to your monthly outlook i.e. your debt on a monthly basis.
"People don't seem to agree with me now, but maybe they will in the future"
Nope. It shouldn’t matter. You should always have the same amount in the available column as the balance of your credit card.
“They stole oor oil”
That's such a daft way of looking at pensions means testing. Do you feel the same about Job Seekers Allowance? Are you complaining that people without a job get an income from the state whilst you work hard all day and only get your measly salary?
&gt; For now I've just budgetted that $6.22 in the CC payment category Didn't you say that the problem was that your credit card payment category was higher than your credit card balance? If that was the case wouldn't budgetting an additional $6.22 make the problem worse?
You mean the oil revenue was taxed and then returned to Scotland in the form of higher public spending? Nothing was stolen.
&gt; we got a "little" back We got every penny of it back in the form of higher public spending.
Where’s the letter or email in question?
&gt; The state pension is a pension. It's not a safety net. What do you think the difference is? &gt; I am counting on the state pension as part of my rent income. If you can’t survive without the state pension then it should be available to you. If you can survive without the state pension then what makes you think you should be entitled to such a benefit? It’s just greed.
If you want to automate it, make the transfer of funds an automatic transfer of funds on the first of every month
Play more then. Are you going to ask for a racing mode so you can practice driving?
&gt;I’m a “special” breed of gamer . &gt; i was way more informed than the avg pleb . &gt; my friends who rlly dont have the natural skill for gaming that i have Bruh.
&gt;If you mean the email, they just quoted the relevant parts. Like most other media would. Most media when reporting on an improper email, letter or text message, print the actual material. &gt;This is honestly such an odd complaint I don't think it's that odd. The National are just printing their usual greivance porn, without providing the email to back up the allegation. Seems a bit suspicious.
Bit of a funky hitbox. Not the end of the world.
&gt; Not much movement either way despite all that has happened There is a [trend](https://imgur.com/8AG6qWI) though.
&gt; I suspect once we know the exact details of whatever compromise deal May and cronies cobble together, minds will concentrate on Indyref 2. Any day now!
Not if the adjustment is out of sync with your credit card payments.
&gt; That (blurry as fuck by the way) graph omits a big chunk of the vote by limiting the range between 30-70% instead of 0-100%. The general trend has been relatively steady. What do you mean the range has been limited? &gt;The general trend has been relatively steady. The general trend for Yes is downwards, as shown in the graph. By the way if it's blurry, you should wipe your screen down.
The official reply was "now is not the time". Not sure what more you're expecting.
I'm not ignoring anything. The graph doesn't omit a big chunk of the vote as you weirdly suggested. Whether you think the trend downwards is only small is up to you. But it is a trend downwards. &gt;Things are relatively stationary. Things are not relatively stationary. There is a clear downward trend as evidenced by the graph. &gt;the author has clearly intended to mislead by zooming in on the graph. Excel authored the graph, do you think Microsoft is trying to mislead you?
&gt; The way I see it, if you're trying to show the trend since a certain date, you show the trend starting from the levels at that point That's not how you show a trend. If you want to show a trend you have to treat every data point equally. &gt;We KNOW exactly what support for each side was on the 19th September 2014. That doesn't mean that you force the trend line through that data point.
Well it was fed the right data. So in what way has it been wielded inappropriately to produce a bad chart?
Why don't you answer some of your own questions and explain why or if it's failing to do any of those things and what impact that has. Rather than asking loads of questions which you hope sound insightful.
OK, why don't you plot your own trend then. Clearly you're an expert.
&gt; At 01:54, I definitely can't be arsed. Suddenly when challenged to provide the better trend you claim to be an expert in, you lose your motivation. What a coincidence.
That is how this works.
&gt; Three sigma is the generally-accepted rule of thumb in experimental science. Two sigma maybe if you're looking for correlations in the social sciences. Five sigma if you're looking to establish something as fact beyond reasonable doubt. No I'm asking at what confidence level would the correlation you've identified be deemed statistically significant?
Well if you're going to continue to ignore the question repost as much as you like.
Precisely. Because you an post as many articles as you like about how bad Brexit will be. I already know. What you’ve yet to be able to do is successfully argue that independence will be better, rather than just compound the problem. Until you can, the response won’t change. Why would it?
Ok so you won’t answer. Wonder why?
Sure, but you also questioned whether it was a working class phenomenon. The answer is yes. A working class phenomenon that might have been driven by millionaires. But a working class phenomenon all the same.
&gt; Neither is kicking and screaming to be taken back under their former colonial ruler's wing, which says enough. That says nothing.
If it's statistically significant at a 3-sigma confidence interval why were you claiming no trend exists?
I think we’ve already gathered that at a confidence level of 99.7% this trend is not statistically significant. So at what confidence level is it statistically significant? I think it’s pretty clear at this point you either don’t know or you don’t want to admit it. Let’s assume it’s less than 99.7%. Until you provide an actually answer let’s assume it’s 80%. Which means while we can’t be 99.7% sure there’s a downward trend, we can be 80% sure. Which clearly you don’t want to admit because you want people to believe there has been no downward trend at all.
Why do you think those things tell us anything about Scotland leaving the U.K.?
&gt; Fine. 80% confidence can be acceptable, the choice is arbitrary as I said before. You still don't have 80% confidence in that fit, So what do I have? 70%?
I’ve got a wedding category under my savings. I don’t need it any more specific than that. All the details about the cost of the wedding is in its own spreadsheet elsewhere.
Did you account for the existing balance on the card when you added it to YNAB?
Well I don't really care whether you think it's good analysis or not. I stand by it.
Let's say it's 90%.
Who says I made it up?
&gt; I'm not the one who started with the Burkina Faso pish. Actually you were. You seemed to think that superficial similarities between countries meant they would follow the same path. That isn't true, as I pointed out that Burkina Faso has superficial similarities with Scotland and obviously we're not going to end up like Burkina Faso. Just like we're not going to end up like Ireland just because you think it's similar to Scotland. &gt;Ireland didn't have 90% of its trade with Britan in the 20s - it was in the 80s. Scotland isn't like Ireland in the 80s either.
Payments to your credit card don’t have a category. They should be designated as a transfer between your checking account and credit card.
&gt;Ir doesn't make my budget wrong, it just shows the categories as paid out when I pay them instead of when they post. What do you mean by pay them? When you input a transaction into YNAB it deducts the money from the category, not when clears. You don't need to jerry rig anything for that to happen. Have you tried watching the instructional videos for how to use YNAB? &gt;#3 we have more than one account that we spend out of so so it's useful for him to be able to visualize the account balance as i do as the one paying out of the account and #4 its just personally how I would like to see it in my own budget. If I pay something I know it's been paid and mentally deduct whatever it is from what my available balance shows. This is the main problem. YNAB is not designed to help you visualise your account balance better. Nor should you be trying to. YNAB is about category balances. Those are the numbers you need to pay attention to, and which dictate how much money you have available.
&gt; Aim assist helps you land bullets on your target. Auto-run helps you move. &gt; Auto running gives you no advantage. Why are people asking for it then? It makes the game easier, therefore it gives you an advantage.
Yeh I know what auto-run does dude. I'm saying it makes the game easier, just like auto-aiming makes the game easier. And they shouldn't be making the game easier.
&gt; It doesn't make the game easier? If it doesn't make the game easier why would people ask for it. Running automatically is easier than doing it yourself. Therefore ir makes the game easier. &gt;you don't get any advantage over those who don't auto run It's easier for people who auto-run to check the map, check their inventory, check their surroundings and generally concentrate on other things than people who don't. That is an advantage.
&gt; It isn't easier. Why are people asking for it then? &gt;How does auto running let you check your surroundings easier? By automating the running, allowing you to pay more attention. &gt;As long as you gain no advantage, which you don't, You do. &gt;it isn't making it easier for you to win. It's making it easier for you to move, therefore it makes it easier for you to win. Just like auto-aim makes it easier for you to aim.
Does being able to hold up on my controller make me elite? Cool!
&gt; I've probably been paying too much. Yeh I hate it when I pay so much attention I forget what I’m paying attention too.
Well that's correct. But you're saying when you make the transfer to your credit card, the balance doesn't go down?
Can you take a screenshot of the credit card category, and of the transactions where you say you're paying it off?
It sounds like YNAB thinks you're overpaying on your credit card when you pay it off. Which suggests that the money your transferring to your credit card is above what YNAB says is available. Why that is I don't know. Did you budget for the starting balance when you added the card to YNAB?
It can take a while. When I took out a credit card with my bank it was about a week before YNAB could connect to it.
If that’s s happening it suggests you’ve overspent on your credit cards and when you move money around it’s going straight into the credit card payment category. Why are you budgeting money for your credit card by the way? Are you carrying a balance?
No, he’s saying he has a credit balance on his credit card account. Budgeting a negative amount is for when you have too much money available to pay your credit card in your credit card payment category balance.
&gt; Which is what happens in NYNAB if you have a credit balance on your CC. Not necessarily. Let's say your credit card balance is £100. And you have £100 available in your credit card payment category. So you pay £100 and now your credit card payment category is £0. A week later the credit card company redeem your miles and credit £10 to your credit card. Your credit card payment category is still £0.
I think the difference is that the second half of that post concerns a situation where the credit card company has redeemed your rebate against your credit card bill, freeing up some of the money you've set aside before you send it to them. In OPs instance the rebate is applied at their end. They're holding the credit in the form of a balance on your card, rather than transferring it to you in the form of a discount on your bill.
No because there is no money to free up. His credit card payment category is at £0.
I'm not dumbing down anything. I'm just taking your argument to it's logical end point.
Yes, your point is naive. If your end goal is improving education and health, then ensuring the countries peace and stability with an effective military defence should be a priority.
&gt; Sorry but this one nation you talk about simply does not exist. . &gt; The home nations came together to form a new nation known as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. Lol make your mind up.
&gt; The "Scottish deficit" is a function of the UK deficit, it is nothing to do with Scotland. The Scottish deficit is a function of public spending in Scotland being higher than Scotland raises in tax revenue. It *is* to do with Scotland.
We do know what the number is with a very reasonable degree of accuracy. You problem is you don't like the numbers which is why you're casting aspersions on the method of collecting them.
You certainly can't claim it's purely a function of the UK deficit and has nothing to do with Scotland.
&gt; Don't we belong to the UK? We are part of the UK, correct. &gt;Does Scotland have its own balance sheet? What kind of balance sheet would you like to see?
Honestly, I don't think the car issue is a real problem. There will always be a vocal minority of people who will just constantly complain about whatever causes them to lose. Currently their focal point is cars. But once they're nerfed they're not going to just be quiet. They'll move onto the next thing. The danger is in trying to appease these people the devs just constantly dumb down the game. Sure, it's cars now. But then these people will start complaining about silencers on AR because you can't see where you're being shot from. Or demanding the long grass get's cut because they don't like people hiding in the final circles.
A crappy 4 door sedan with zero armour plating isn't an invincible tank in the game either. They were pretty easy to deal with. Shoot the driver. But some people couldn't handle getting run over every now and again so will constantly demand they get nerfed until they're undriveable.
&gt; Scotland COULD have been one of the wealthiest countries in Europe, and Westminster decided their precious union was more important. What would you have the UK government do differently? &gt;That is economic sabotage. Nobody sabotaged the economy. You could argue it sabotaged the SNP's case for independence I suppose.
&gt; Wait for someone else to shoot? What if that someone else is thinking the same thing? How is this any different to a circle with no cars? If there’s 5 if you left in the final circles one of you has to give your position away by shooting first.
&gt; Except the car players previously had very little risk to themselves, for the same reward. If you're sitting in a car you're a sitting duck, everyone knows where you are and you can't fire a weapon. They had quite a lot of risk.
I never use a car. But I like the variety they bring. Keep crying about them though.
&gt;The 7 billion aren't one market, or next door. You're still making the same argument as the brexiteers. Even if you think yours is more persuasive. &gt; On the other hand, Dublin in closer than London, and Brussels Amsterdam and Paris are not much further away than it. So why aren't we trading more with them now? We have single market membership right now. If the EU represented such an opportunity versus the rUK the proportion of trade wouldn't be so much in favour of the UK.
Lol. “Scotland should be respected!” “What does that mean?” “Treated as if it was independent. I’m very annoyed” Yeh well it isn’t independent is it love?
How do you think the English are ignoring you?
&gt;Good for you perhaps that would be a useful thing to say in another discussion with somebody who disagrees. &gt;Personally I would be equally happy with Britain or Scotland as my single nation state. Why are you not happy then? Britain is a single nation state. &gt;how is it possible for the UK to be, in your words, a “single nation state” when clearly comprising of multiple nations? na·tion\-state *noun* 1. a sovereign state whose citizens or subjects are relatively homogeneous in factors such as language or common descent. Happy to help.
&gt;We don't know that \- there is no mechanism for the membership of emergent states so something would have had to be negotiated. Yes a membership treaty would have to be negotiated. Until which, an independent Scotland would not be an EU member. &gt;and develop a legal mechanism to remove their EU citizenship The mechanism already exists. Nationals who cease to have membership of a member state no longer have EU citizenship. &gt;\(and potentially citizenship of all EU nationals in Scotland\) There was never any potential that EU nationals living in Scotland would lose their EU citizenship. &gt; Just removing EU citizenship from Scottish citizens Scottish citizens do not exist and do not have EU citizenship. There would be no EU citizenship to remove.
Ok!
&gt;It would should membership be agreed before independence. Agreeing membership before independence is still joining the EU. Scotland isn't remaining in the EU. &gt;Show me the mechanism that deals with EU citizenship status and the status of EU institutions in newly independent states from existing EU members. It's Article 20\(1\) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; ""Citizenship of the Union is hereby established. Every person holding the nationality of a Member State shall be a citizen of the Union. Citizenship of the Union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship." A newly independent state is not considered a Member State and therefore citizens of that state do not hold EU citizenship.
&gt; It doesn't say that. That’s exactly what it says. EU citizenship is contingent on having citizenship of a member state. There is no other means of having EU citizenship. The EU doesn’t need to remove Scottish citizens EU citizenship because they don’t have it to begin with. It’s no more complicated than that.
The U.K. government voted for by a mixture of English, Scottish and Welsh voters.
What am I delusional about?
Yeh but why spend the effort making a game that already exists when they could be trying to fix the core game mode?
Did you budget for the money you’re transferring from your credit card to your whole foods card?
Check out /r/personalfinance and their flowchart. It sets out a useful guide. Generally once you’re out of debt and you’ve got an emergency fund you should be thinking about retirement contributions.
&gt; The Battle Royale survival game mode with one life wouldn't be touched. As it shouldn't. Except for the development time and players you’re trying to divert away from it. &gt; The deathmatch with re-spawns would be added as an event mode like they've had multiple of in the past. That’s not what you were arguing before when you suggested a permanent deathmatch mode. &gt; How much simpler can I lay this out for you? There are already plenty of team deathmatch games. Stop trying to turn PUBG into one. If you want to play a team deathmatch go play Battlefield. How much simpler can I make this for you?
TLDR; "I was a "committed Labour Party member™" but after moving to Scotland and purely of my own accord I arrived at nationalist shibboleths like 'SNP bad'. By the way aren't the SNP great? I love their Growth Commission report!"
&gt;Not the SNP though, they say look at us, we've got so much going for us, we are surrounded by neighbours we should be using as examples. The SNP try and sell you magic beans with hopelessly optimistic and in some cases outright lies about the projected wealth of an independent Scotland. Then they and their followers accuse other parties of "talking Scotland down" by refusing to buy those magic beans.
I don't think he was forced into the SNP. I suspect he's probably over\-stating how committed he was to Labour in the first place. He sounds like the kind of voter who chooses optimism over policy.
&gt;Isn't that the "no true Labour supporter" fallacy? No, it's not. &gt;How much more Labour\-y would he have to be to be a *real* supporter, given he's already campaigned for Ken Livingston, Chuka Umuna, and Naz Shah? Of those three the only one he actually claims to have campaigned for is Ken Livingstone. But to answer your question, to be a real supporter I'd have expected him to be more committed to Labour policy. From that article it sounds like the only thing he's committed to is whichever party has the most optimistic outlook, and he duly jumped ship as soon as he ran into the SNP and their hopelessly optimistic pro\-independence politics.
I think the point is for it to be as soft as possible.
Weird but better.
I'll take that as an "I'm not sure, I just wanted to use the "too poor, too wee, too stupid catchphrase"
Ok I'll put that in my diary.
Out of curiosity, which parts of nYNAB are you struggling with?
No it’s not obvious. How was stifling the McCrone report acting against the national interest? Are the SNP acting against the national interest unless they publish every report they commission?
If they were required to commission it, they'd just commission whatever analyst was going to give them the answer they wanted, or ensure the analysis was so shallow it was less likely to reveal anything of interest. To be clear I'm not saying forcing political parties to make their analysis freely available is an ethically bad idea. I just think it'd have the unintended consequence of reducing the analysis in the public domain, not increasing it. So in the end I think the best solution is probably to make the data freely available, and then allow the interested parties to do with it what they see fit.
It’s a discussion board man. People are gonna vent. You’re not really contributing anything either. People have been saying “it’s still in development” for 6 months too. You’re two sides of the same coin.
It is daft. There’s not going to be a new country in the first place unless an independent Scotland agrees to take its share of the debt.
&gt; Please read carefully before replying. The OP was talking about the worst case scenario, Err the worst case scenario for the independence movement in negotiations is the negotiations fail and Scotland doesn’t become independent. Which is what would happen if we refuse to take a fair share of the debt.
&gt; As I said already in this thread, independence does not depend on any deal. As I’ve explained there are only two methods to becoming independent. 1) Reaching a deal. 2) Making a UDI. You’re saying the Scottish Government won’t do either of those things. So how do you think Scotland is going to become independent?
&gt; I know what you said, its just that you are wrong. So explain what you think the other method to becoming independent is, if not a deal or a UDI? &gt; I repeat that I have never said that the Scottish Government won't do a deal, or at least try. Trying for a deal doesn’t cut it. You either get a deal, or make a UDI. Those are the only two ways to become independent. &gt; Your position is that rUK can tell Scotland to deliver the impossible and when it cant then somehow the union continues despite the Scottish electorate voting out. That’s exactly what happens unless Scotland makes a UDI.
&gt; No deal means Scotland leaves the UK You still don’t seem to be following. No deal means Scotland hasn’t left the U.K. Let me try and explain it for the 5th time; There are only two methods by which Scotland can become independent. 1. Reach a deal with the U.K. 2. Make a UDI. That’s it. You’re saying the Scottish Government won’t do either of those things. So how do you expect Scotland to become independent? &gt; Is it only Scotland that you think doesn't have the right to self determination, or are there other countries that you would like to apply this to? This applies everywhere. Breakaway states only become independent if they reach a deal with the parent state or they make a UDI.
&gt; It will be passed in Westminster, but it will not be dependant on "a deal". Westminster isn't going to pass anything without an acceptable deal. Why would they? &gt;if the majority of the voters in Scotland decide for independence you are suggesting that Westminster can deny it. Yes. If Scotland refuses to take it's share of the debt Westminster won't do anything, leaving Scotland with a UDI as the only remaining option.
&gt; Because the alternative is tyranny? The alternative is Scotland making a UDI like Catalonia and declaring independence of it's own accord.
&gt; Which they have agreed previously through the Edinburgh agreement The Edinburgh Agreement doesn't say anything about allowing Scotland to leave without taking it's fair share of the debt. If Scotland want's to leave without taking it's fair share of the debt, the only option is to make a UDI like Catalonia did.
&gt; Why would it? That's what the negotiations are for. Negotiations are to reach a deal acceptable to both Scotland and the UK. If that can't be achieved, for example because Scotland refuses to take a fair share of the debt, then the only option left for Scotland to become independent is to make a UDI. &gt;Should rUk be so unreasonable in negotiations that we have to walk away, we will do so with no assets but also no debt. Well exactly. No assets, no debt, and no guarantee other countries will recognise Scotland's independence. See Catalonia as a case in point.
It’s because the two votes that might meaningfully impact the delivery or not of Brexit are more important. You can’t be the centre of attention all the time. Happy to help.
&gt; Eh yeah, nothing about what they did to Scotland though like I said... That is part of the bigger story. Do you have to be the centre of attention all the time? There are other issues to discuss than the constitutional relationship between Holyrood and Westminster sometimes.
&gt; Why the hell do we go on allowing our national wellbeing to be treated like it's some pitiful sideshow to the UK's neverending psychodrama? It's all part of the same psychodrama isn't it. You seem to be taking it personally that you're not the story at the moment.
Must be the same conspiracy that’s preventing the people of Scotland caring that much about it.
&gt; It's not just me that's interested. &gt; It's not just me that's "spitting the dummy" either. Toys'll be flying oot the pram aw o'er the shop. Yeh I know there’s plenty of the independence brigade who wish they were the centre of this story too.
&gt; Labour support Brexit. Do Scottish Labour MSPs support Brexit?
&gt; Given that Westminster can now overturn any decision the Scottish Parliament makes, it's not unreasonable to consider the idea of devolution "dead" Westminster has always been able to overturn any decision of the Scottish Parliament. If that means the idea of devolution is "dead" then it's been "dead" since day 1.
&gt; They never did before. It doesn't matter whether they did or not. They always could. &gt;Everything changed. Before Westminster could overrule Scotland. After Westminster could overrule Scotland. What has changed?
&gt; No, it fecking doesn't. Yes it does. The UK news needs to cover every part of the UK. Scotland isn't going to be the lead story on every occasion.
&gt; It promised more powers. More powers were delivered. &gt; What is now happening is that powers will be taken away without Holyrood's consent. The powers never really belonged to Holyrood in the first place. Which most people realise. &gt;This changes everything as far as the new campaign for independence goes. I've heard that so many times now.
&gt; Those powers are meant to go to Holyrood by law direct. Are they though? I doubt that's what was intended when the Scotland Act was written.
Depends what you mean by representation.
How much do you think you might have lost?
&gt; Imposing legislation on important areas without consent is not "very slightly", It is if it’s a very slight change. &gt; the arrogance and contempt of these staunch defenders of the union is what ultimately will doom it Any day now.
&gt; Then fucking make time at the current moment with no actual plan I'd say it was a pretty fucking important thing to debate. It was an important thing to debate. So were all the other amendments that barely got debated either. The whole UK got screwed. Scotland isn't getting victimised. &gt;England majority leave Scotland majority remain bit of a difference when an entire country is taken out against its will. It's not that different at all. There's many more English people getting taken out of the EU against there will than there are Scots. Scotland isn't getting victimised.
When though? The whole too wee too poor thing is just something nationalists make up. When does he say anything like that?
&gt; Lying? Yeh, lying about people saying Scotland is "too wee and too poor" to be independent. &gt;how about you just fuck off and spout your pish somewhere else, you pedantic wee cunt. How about you stop lying?
&gt; they *will* (unfairly) shoot him down if he loses early too. Sorry that’s bullshit, they’re not going to shoot him down for losing early after coming back from a year-long injury.
I mean pretending your credit card is a checking account seems more stupid.
Lol
&gt; When I spend money, regardless of the method of payment, it is spent and has left the budget. It hasn’t left your budget though. Otherwise how would you subsequently use it to pay your credit card bill? &gt; The auto (or manual, if I choose) payment of my credit card, which is nothing more than a transfer between two on-budget accounts. How are you going to transfer money if it has already left your budget? If it has left your budget it doesn’t exist to transfer. You’re trying to say money has left your budget whilst simultaneously keeping it on your budget. That doesn’t work.
&gt; Would it surprise you to know that this is the YNAB method up until they introduced the new handling in the new web based version? No, I'm aware of that. It's just daft to continue using it when the new method is a better reflection of reality and doesn't require to supplement your budget with memorised categories. &gt;One of the key messages used to be that YNAB doesn't care where your money is, it cares what job you've given it. Yeh but in your method you're *not* giving your money a job. You're leaving funds unbudgeted in your checking account.
&gt; Hang on, who's memorising anything? You are. You're memorising that the unbudgeted funds in your checking account are to be used to pay off your credit card. That information isn't contained anywhere within your budget, it's in your memory. &gt;And there's no unbudgeted funds. In your workflow you have $500 in your checking account, but only $470 in your budget. Therefore you have $30 of unbudgeted funds in your checking account. &gt;The sum of the on-budget accounts is the sum of the budgeted funds I'm afraid this is completely wrong. You're confusing account balances and your budget. The sum of your on-budget accounts is your account balance. The sum of your budget categories is your budgeted funds.
&gt; There are no unbudgeted funds. As I explained, you have $500 sitting in your checking account, but only $470 of it allocated on your budget. Therefore you have $30 of unbudgeted funds remaining in your checking account. There is no avoiding that reality. &gt;YNAB doesn't care where my money is, it cares about the job it has. Yes it does care what job it has. But you have $30 sitting in your checking account which *does not* have a job on your budget. Because you have only $470 budgeted across your budget categories. &gt;I'm saying that if you're using the system properly, the sum of all the account balances will equal the budget. That's Rule 1. Rule 1 is "give every dollar a job". Not "the sum of all account balances will equal the budget".
It sounds like what you’re trying to do is give those dollars two jobs. You want to give it the job of paying off your HELOC debt, whilst simultaneously giving it the job of saving towards a goal. This isn’t really possible I’m afraid.
I don't think a workaround is available. What you are trying to do is fundamentally antithetical to YNAB's budgeting system. You could always record the movement of money accurately. 1) Budget your savings towards paying off your HELOC loan, pay off that debt. 2) If you subsequently want to buy a new cell phone or a new roof you can then make an informed and truthful decision about whether you want to take out more debt to do so. &gt;it's a sound strategy for paying the house off faster while also reaching the same savings goals This isn't really true. It *is* a sound strategy for paying the house off faster. But you are not also reaching the same savings goals. Those two things are a mutually exclusive use of those funds. You are trying to pretend to yourself that you are "depositing your savings in your line of credit account" until such time as you remove it. What you are *actually* doing is paying off your debt, and then subsequently taking out new debt. YNAB will rightly force you to confront that reality.
&gt;But as for pretending to myself regarding the debt, I have to kindly disagree: If I pay 5% interest on a $250,000 loan for 6 months while I have $50,000 sitting in my savings account making 0.01% interest I have mathematically lost a significant amount of money I'm not disagreeing with any of this. I didn't say it was a bad idea. Quite the contrary. If you have $50k in savings you should absolutely be using that to pay off your debt. &gt;it seems I am kidding myself that it's capable of calculating this kind of reverse interest. YNAB is perfectly capable of handling the transaction you want to make. Provided you record it accurately. The problem you are encountering is that you want to pay off debt, but pretend you are depositing savings. That is not the reality of the situation and YNAB will not allow you to characterise it as such.
I guess really what you're wanting to track is "how much debt do I need to have paid off before I can take out more debt to finance a new X without ending up with more debt than when I started" One method that might work is 1) Making your LOC account a tracking account. 2) Create debt payment categories aligned with your future purchases e.g. "future phone", "future roof" 3) Distribute some to those categories, 4) Categorize transfers to your LOC account as "future phone" or "future roof" etc If you do that your reporting will record how much debt payment has come from the "future phone" category and "future roof" category. You can use that information to conclude that e.g. you've spent $500 from your "future roof" category, so you'll know that you can take out $500 of debt from your LOC to fund a roof purchase without ending up with more debt than when you started. It's a bit janky because you have to use your reporting to make budgetting decisions, rather than your budget. But I think it gives you the information you're looking for.
That's as maybe, but has nothing to do with what StevieTV said.
&gt; just stay in? Rejoin. Staying in isn't an option because an independent Scotland isn't currently a member.
&gt; The entire premise that an independent Scotland would find it in anyway difficult to either join the EU I didn't say it would be difficult to join. I said we'd have to make some concessions to meet the current EU accession criteria in order to join. &gt;It's ridiculous because Scotland as part of the UK has been in the EU for decades and already meets all the conditions. I think this has probably been explained many times. But Scotland **doesn't** meet all the EU accession conditions currently, because the conditions have changed since the UK joined.
I certainly was.
I think realistically an unsanctioned referendum would be boycotted by No voters, and then ignored by Westminster and the rest of the international community. I don't think they'd need to send in the police or anything like that.
&gt; They literally only have to say yes to two questions. You might think it's very easy. I think committing to joining the Euro might be less politically palatable to some. Point is Scotland doesn't currently meet all the conditions of joining the EU as some like to claim.
We’d have to join those too
What fact?
&gt; It's very easy actually: the govt just has to say that the will commit depending on approval No that’s not what they have to do. They have to legally commit in the membership treaty to joining. “Depending on approval” from the people in a referendum isn’t an option.
&gt;And I responded that the first condition doesn't matter and the second is an option that Scotland would welcome. Whether you think they don't matter, or that we'd welcome them doesn't change the fact that they are conditions we don't currently meet. So you're wrong when you say that we already meet all the conditions of EU membership. Because clearly we don't.
&gt;Do they have the Euro in Sweden? You mean do they use the Euro in Sweden? Not yet. They legally committed to joining the Euro in 1994 when they joined the EU, as an independent Scotland would have to do. But since then they've avoided completing the convergence criteria that would enable adoption of the Euro in practice.
Let me clear it up for you. "Scotland doesn't currently meet all the EU criteria, but StevieTV thinks we'll be happy to meet the remaining criteria we don't currently meet" is *true*. "Scotland already meets all the EU criteria" is *not true*.
&gt; I asked you to list the criteria Scotland doesn't meet. Which I did. And then you argued it would be easy for Scotland to meet them in the future. Which is the point. It might be easy for Scotland to meet that criteria. But it hasn't met it yet. So Scotland doesn't meet all the EU criteria currently. &gt;Both of these things are just a matter of Scotland saying "yes" if we want to rejoin the EU so what criteria are we not meeting here exactly? Committing to join the Euro and the Schengen area. When we say "yes" we will have met those criteria, until then we haven't met it. This is unbelievably simple.
You mean when are they going to adopt it? No idea.
Adopting the Euro might be optional via a loophole. Committing to join it isn’t. What you originally suggested is that no commitment was required and that you could commit subject to a referendum. That isn’t true. These might seem like small differences to you. But they’re actually quite important.
&gt; They care so much that almost 1/3 of EU members don't have the Euro. They care enough to make committing to join a non-negotiable condition of entry. Happy to help,
&gt; What's important is reality The reality is Scotland has to commit to joining the Euro in order to join the EU. For some reason you tried to suggest it didn’t. Either because you were lying. (Possible) Or because you didn’t know. (Much more likely)
Would you rather some of the images were English and Welsh landmarks?
&gt; Unless these are of course the 'Scottish selection' of a wider marketing campaign which features locations from all over the UK, and have just been selected for use given the context of this particular occasion. These are the Scottish selection. There's [probably hundreds of variations](https://creativepool.com/files/magazine/images/full/164992%211396230109%21great.jpg)
&gt; and where does this constant expansion stop - not until half the UK is covered in tarmac? What "constant expansion"? Heathrow's been using 2 runways since the 50s.
&gt; I hide it because I normally don't &gt; (and imo, shouldn't) &gt; care about it. My wife and I pay it off in full every month, so balance is not a concern. You should care about it. Ensuring you have enough money in your budget to pay your credit card is important and helps clarify budget issues when things go wrong like in the present situation. You wouldn't hide your electric bill category because you pay that off in full every month, why would your credit card be any different?
&gt; Are there any rules on when it will and when it won't? It will only move money automatically if you have sufficient funds in the relevant transaction category. If you overspend in a category. There won't be any money to move. &gt;How can I do this though? Ie, I don't have "money available", I have money in categories. I move $100 over from groceries at the time I spend $100. You do have "money available." It's in the available column next to your credit card payment category that you've hidden. That's how much money you have available to pay your credit card. &gt;If anything, it seems strange to me that you wouldn't pay whatever the card says is owed on the website. Ideally you would pay what you have available. That might be less than what you owe. e.g if you're carrying a balance. Or have overspent.
&gt; In my above envelope workflow, it doesn't matter when I pay the CC, or how much I pay the CC for. The CC will always be less than the envelope &gt; (unless you missed payments), and therefor it will never be a problem. The problem isn't in your workflow. The problem for is you are assuming, rather than checking whether there is always enough money in the CC envelope. And should there be an instance when there isn't, and you're not aware of that because you've hidden your CC envelope from view.
The issue is recommending people who don't really understand the rules, break them.
Use transferwise
&gt; In terms of car, until my insurance renewal it’s likely going to cost me £800, that’s the main cost but it’s generally one I’m willing to take a hit on. £800 a month?
&gt; Because it was almost certainly not true that brexit would turn out like a steaming turd, was it? It was always true that Brexit would turn out like a steaming turd. Anyone who thought otherwise was deluded.
By coupling yourself onto a bigger turd?
&gt;I said no countries are seeking to follow the UK’s model of political union, nor to join it. Can you name any? How many other countries are seeking independence from the UK. None as far as I can see. Does that mean Scottish nationalists are going to stop trying? What fatuous logic.
&gt; Doing this is within the competence of the current Scottish parliament and would, with immediate effect, terminate the Treaty of Union and the Union with England Act. Doing that is certainly not within the competence of the current Scottish Parliament, lol.
&gt; the unpopularity of countries seeking such unions is pretty germane. It’s not that unpopular. There are plenty of full political unions in the world. Germany and Italy for example. &gt;Let me make it clear: this unitary political union is bad. If one sees Scotland as a country, at any rate. Completely circular logic. You have predetermined that Scotland should be independent. So from your perspective a unitary U.K. is unacceptable. So you conclude that Scotland should be independent. And round you go in circles. &gt;I don’t think you understand how this whole “normality” thing works. I understand it completely; there is no such thing as normal. Even if you take your logic that sovereign statehood is normal because it is the “majority of the political landscape”, you’re still wrong. “Sovereign statehood” is not the majority of the political landscape. Most of the political entities in the world are not sovereign.
Really? I’d love to hear it? Where’s it from?
&gt;It's unstable because it is leaving said union of 27 states, whereas an independent Scotland would be joining it. What makes you think joining would be any more stabilising than leaving?
&gt;Except of course the EU *does* have FTAs with the rest of the world Would they mitigate the economic instability caused by leaving the UK? &amp;#x200B;
&gt;So? Its not what those proposing independence are suggesting - its a false comparison. It's exactly what you're suggesting. Same argument. Different flag. *Securing free trade deals with X will make up for leaving Y.* Scottish Nationalists say *Securing free trade deals with the EU will make up for leaving the UK.* Brexiteers say *Securing free trade deals with the rest of the world will make up for leaving the EU.* &amp;#x200B; &gt;But would also subject us to the instability of Brexit Independence would also subject us to the instability of Independence. It's a choice between two types of instability. &gt;It would be far more detrimental in the long term Doesn't seem like it &amp;#x200B;
&gt; Just to pick a personally relevant one, research funding. Failing to account for these things and "just leaving" wouldn't be "blindingly simple" - it would leave millions of people jobless. You’re confusing simple with desireable. Leaving millions of people jobless doesn’t mean it’s not simple to leave. It means it’s undesirable to leave.
&gt; So far you have: &gt; claimed that Brexiteers want to rejoin the EU No I haven't. &gt;denied that Brexit has caused significant and long term damage and political instability. No I haven't. &gt;claimed that a UK with no free trade would be better at supporting and independent Scotland than the EU &gt;failed to back that up with any evidence I referred you to the Scottish Government's own Brexit impact reports which quote an impact that appears less than the economic hit caused by Scottish independence. &gt;avoided repeated questions as to how Brexit will benefit Scotland Brexit won't benefit Scotland. Remaining in the UK will. &gt;made unqualified remarks regarding UK spending priorities with no guarentee they will be the same come the next budget They're not any less quaified than your remarks claiming Scotland will do better by leaving the UK and joining the EU, than it will remaining in the UK.
&gt; it appears to be around 50/50 like the title says No it doesn’t appear to be that at all. 50% of exports external to the U.K. go to the EU. (Because the other 50% go to the rest of the world) Not 50% of total exports. Exports external to the U.K. are only 40% of total exports. So 50% of external exports = 20% of total exports.
&gt;not being ruled by someone else is not an impediment to trade - USA-Canada and the EU are the obvious examples They're not obvious examples. To prove there was no impediment to trade you'd have to compare expected levels of trade between Canada and the US if they were the same country, and the current levels of trade when they're different countries. Surely that's obvious.
Why do you think Prussia is not a country but Scotland is? How arrogant is that? What do you think the difference is?
I didn’t suggest Scotland isn’t a country. I said Prussia is. Prussia is another example of a country that is now part of a larger state. Just like Scotland. The reason you think Scotland is unique in not being an independent country is because you don’t know very much about the world outside Scotland.
Well if you live in Texas presumably you’re familiar with the Republic of Texas, a country which became part of the USA. By the same definition that Prussia ceased to exist in 1871 when it became part of Germany, Scotland ceased to exist in 1707 when it became part of the U.K. Scotland is not unique in that respect. There are many examples of countries just like Scotland who became part of larger states. There is nothing abnormal about Scotland’s position.
Yeh they’ll probably fake another moon landing too!
He’s wearing an Iran shirt.
&gt; Same as Ireland and they’re doing much better than both Scotland and England. You have to pay to see the doctor in Ireland. Does that sound like doing much better to you?
You’re missing the point which is that you do not know that the majority of people born in Scotland supported independence last time around.
Well whether you think it’s unduly glorified or not I suspect you’ll have a tough time convincing Scots that an end to free the point of use healthcare is considered “doing better”.
&gt; Neither are good few of the member states if you use the same argument. What’s that got to do with Scotland though? &gt; Scotland is a model candidate for EU membership, we can at least agree on that before looking at the specifics of certain economic criteria? Sure. But it’s not fully compliant already. That nonsense should be put to bed.
Commitment to joining the Euro and Schengen.
&gt;I personally think a bunch of arguments can be answered by looking at Ireland, Bet it's all the good bits and none of the negatives, as if you can pick and choose. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
The rest of the world doesn't really care about nicknames for the flag and certainly doesn't know the Union Jack as the "butcher's apron"
&gt;That means you have to commit And has Scotland committed to joining the Schengen area? No, so it's not already compliant. Would it be politically easy for Scotland to commit to joining the Schengen area, no because significant numbers want to maintain the CTA with the UK and Ireland. So it's not going to be compliant on "day 1 of independence" either. Is it pedantry to suggest that Scotland is not already compliant with EU membership criteria. No, suggesting otherwise is just lying. Just like all the fantastical claims made by Brexiteers.
["Public sector revenue per person in Scotland was £10,000 in 2015/16, that’s £400 lower than the per person revenue across the UK."](https://fullfact.org/economy/tax-and-spending-scotland/) &amp;#x200B;
&gt;he independence campaign has one white paper, which was like 600 pages with boring details last time around and there's no reason to think it would be any different now. The independence White Paper suggests an independent Scotland wouldn't commit to joining the Schengen Area and would instead try to remain part of the CTA. Yet here you are insisting we'd commit to joining Schengen on "Day 1 of independence". So either you don't know what the SNP are planning on independence, or it's not going to be quite as straightforward a decision as you'd like to suggest.
&gt; The position in the white paper was that we would just stay in the EU The position in the White Paper was explicitly that we would not seek to join Schengen at all. This contradicts your insistence that we would commit to joining Schengen on Day 1 of independence. Who is right, the White Paper, or you?
That thread has dated just fine. It looks like the Supreme Court have indeed adopted a literalist interpretation of the Scotland Act in this case. But that doesn't mean that alternative statutory interpretations aren't possible, which is a big reason the Supreme Court exists.
&gt; I'm talking about the future, the white paper talked about the past A couple of posts ago you said &gt;The independence campaign has one white paper, which was like 600 pages with boring details last time around and **there's no reason to think it would be any different now.** So is the next White Paper going to be different and say we wouldn't try to remain part of the CTA and instead commit to joining Schengen?
You can’t “stash” savings in your credit card. You can pay off your card and then when it comes time to pay for your vacation take out more debt. But make no mistake that is what you are doing. Pretending that paying for something in credit is spending your “savings” is a dangerous way to treat debt.
Harder or easier than what?
Well that’s your problem with YNAB. It’s really supposed to be manual entry with import as a checking mechanism. If you manual entry it can do all the things you’re looking for in no time at all. Takes maybe 5 mins a day max to enter transactions.
Wouldn’t it be more sensible to use your disposable income to pay off your debt until such time as the debt is paid off and you can begin saving instead?
Sure but if one of you loses your job, you’ll end up burning through your savings, meaning you’ll have paid large amounts of interest on debt and ended up back where you started. Versus paying off your debt now, and if one of you loses your job you may still have to take out more debt again, leaving you back where you started. But in that scenario you’ll have paid much less interest. Trying to amass a savings cushion while maintaining credit card debt might feel like a cushion. But ultimately it leaves you worse off if the worst happens. Have you thought about it that way?
&gt; Having no savings while tackling debt doesn't make sense to me if I then have to use debt when an emergency happens. How do I ever get out of debt in that scenario? Sure, but the same logic applies to your method. If you have to use savings when an emergency happens, how do you get rid of the debt you’re maintaining the whole time you’re building those savings? If you can only pay rent in cash then it probably does make sense to amass perhaps two months rent in cash. But then after that the best advice would be to throw any remaining income at debt.
Let’s hope so.
&gt; what happens if a majority of U.N countries decide the "UK" doesn't exist anymore? Nothing really. Because the U.K. could veto any UN resolution to the effect that it didn’t. So as far as the UN would be concerned the U.K. would still exist.
&gt; Difference is that North of England is part of the same country. We are not and have another option. Both Scotland and the North of England are part of the same country; the UK. Happy to help.
&gt; The problem with that is that the options are "Leave [this deal]" "Leave [no deal]" or "Remain". Which in other words splits the leave vote and would presumably increase the chances of a Remain outcome. That isn’t a problem. Leavers *are* split between mutually exclusive alternatives and they can’t agree what they want. Lumping those mutually exclusive alternatives together under a single “Leave” option was more of a problem than “splitting the vote” would ever be.
&gt; they still have the largest number of bodies The largest number of bodies, but not a majority. &gt; Enough to make and enact policy decisions. The SNP don’t have enough to make and enact policy decisions which is why they have to rely on the support of other parties to pass a budget and other legislation.
It's not laziness. They just don't get it. If you're a fairweather tennis fan, grand slam counts is about the only stat you understand. Particularly if you only really dip in during the majors. So those people just don't understand how there could be a big 4 because they only look at slam count. Then they get angry at whomever mentions it, because it's like everyone who mentions the big 4 is talking about something they don't understand, so they get defensive.
Where you moving?
Given you’re confusion between cleared and uncleared balances I’m not sure you’ve been reconciling to the right numbers. A fresh start is starting completely from scratch. Which I would advise you to do and make sure your accounts are all reconciled and correct from the get go. Adjustments are for when you’re $1.50 out of sync and it’s not worth finding the discrepancy. Being out by $300 one week and $573 the next is indicative of a bigger problem that requires a full on restart IMO.
Well that’s correct. If you’re reconciling to the right number you must have missed transactions or inputted them wrongly. Or did you enter the wrong figure for the starting balance to begin with? Those are the only ways you could end up with a $573 discrepancy.
&gt; When bias has been proven you cant really say that someone is "overly-sensitive". When did this happen?
Absolutely it’s been life changing for me. They do a free trial for a month, you can give that a go
&gt; That's not true. Robertson published his methodology and it was more than just "because I say so" The entire methodology was scoring articles based on how biased he thought they were. Meanwhile he’s on record advocating that the SNP shouldn’t be criticised in the name of “discipline” to the cause of independence. Fairly obvious conflict of interest. He’s a fraud.
If you have money budgeted in future months you can send it back to TBB and then send it to your overspent category this month, If you don’t have money budgeted in the future you cannot. You cannot borrow from future money that you expect to receive but haven’t received yet.
&gt; You claim, or have claimed, to be neutral; What are you smoking? I’m very firmly a supporter of remaining part of the U.K and openly so on this sub. Not sure what this has to do with me though, this is about your dodgy professor and his dodgy report about so called BBC bias.
PIF card’s are not best created and maintained as checking accounts. They are best created and maintained as credit card accounts, as they are intended to be. OP is getting downvoted because he is dispensing bad advice about the failures of the credit card system from a position of ignorance. As you pointed out he isn’t describing the credit card system correctly in the first place, so he clearly doesn’t understand it. Setting up credit card as debit cards is just adding more steps into the process to create redundant workarounds for people who didn’t understand the system to begin with.
Dozens of threads amongst thousands of users. It’s intuitive for the vast majority of people. A handful of folks struggle and then post on reddit.
You can’t budget money you don’t have. If you don’t have any money until you get paid on the 27th then you can’t budget anything until the 27th
The app isn’t very good. You really need to use the desktop version. The app is good for logging transactions on the go and that’s about it. Ultimately YNAB won’t work if you keep budgeting after the fact. You need to budget ahead of time, and then use that to guide your spending decisions. If you don’t do that there’s nothing YNAB can do to help.
Fair enough. And now they’re paying an appropriate price for their mistake.
What do you mean over budgeted?
&gt;I guess I'm nervous about trying to find new employment because while my experience and performance looks great, at first glance I have no business in business. My bachelors degree is in a field where my current salary would take decades to earn if ever. I'm worried that I wouldn't be able to market myself. This comment is nuts. What are you going to do, stay with the same employer forever because you're worried you don't know how to market yourself? Your "business in business" is your 3 years experience doing the job you're now doing with a proven track record of performing to a high level. You're 3 years into your career. Nobody gives a shit about your bachelors degree anymore.
Because I make sure I don't give myself funding requirements in July that are more than my June income. It's very rare that a month contains unexpected expenses. And when they do I have a budget category for that.
Are you using the app or desktop? Reconcile is top right on desktop
They all look like middle aged Dads.
Switching them around would open up the possibility for confusion. Using a different set of words entirely wouldn’t.
They might. But I also think Yes/No is a gift for the Yes campaign and they should consider something more neutral.
No, log the reimbursement to the same category it came from. That category is work trips. Not CC Payment.
&gt;Unless this would be considered politically biased? Obviously it's politically biased. It's surprising you don't realise that. The similarities/difference between Brexit and Scottish Independence is a political perspective. You think they're different. Others think they're the same.
&gt; Better than remaining under the thumb of cunts who treat us like shit. You sound like a Brexiteer.
&gt; ‘Get us the guy under whom Labour died in Scotland’ Not really Ed Millibands fault the pro-Independence brigade coalesced around the SNP.
Which balance? The account balance of the card?
&gt; That'll be why I asked about it being biased in the first place, aye? Yeh, just funny that you needed to ask whether your perspective on independence is biased.
&gt; They want a factual description stickied Lol don’t be so naive.
That isn’t law.
I don’t have a history degree.
&gt;What I mean is that even if I skip to next month to budget for, there are still $0 to budget available If you have 0 available to budget next month then you can’t budget next month.
If it’s a tracking account the money has left your budget. So the savings category won’t increase. It’ll show -200 activity each month. If you want the category to increase the account has to be on budget.
At the last Scottish election, which was after the Brexit referendum more people voted for parties ruling out a second referendum than offering one in this Parliamentary term. Most people in Scotland don’t want a second referendum yet.
It sounds like you’ve added the transaction twice. The original one which you say is locked and then the new one.
Ideally don’t ever use a CC for a cash withdrawal because you get charged interest immediately.
You might not have brought it up. But you were the one who was wrong.
You’d have to be deluded to think that Sterlingisation is a sensible idea.
&gt;No it doesn't. Yes it does. &gt;Gideon turned down the greatest gift that England could have received from Scotland What would that be? &gt;we could just use it anyway without permission Yeh that's a stupid idea advocated by stupid people. &gt;The irony of someone who swallowed all the project fear horse shit You sound like a Brexiteer.
What does "Wars over our sovereign territory mean?" WW2 arguably wasn't a fight over our sovereign territory after about 1943. So by your logic should we have only been prepared to fight the Nazis whilst they were attempting to invade the UK and then leave the rest of Europe to their fate?
&gt;Sending our troops over to the Middle East is not something we need to be prepared to do. Why not? What if someone from the Middle East is threatening our territory? &gt;What the actual fuck are you talking about? We weren't defending our sovereign territory by invading Germany were we? So according to you we shouldn't be prepared to do that militarily.
When was that?
&gt;Do you know anything about that war at all? Do you? To protect your sovereign territory you have to prepare to fight elsewhere. We had to fight in the middle east against the Germans in WW2 for example. Which part of this is confusing you? I can't make it any simpler.
&gt;There's no shortfall when you underspend. There is if total spending is larger than total revenue. This stuff isn't complicated.
&gt;Which school did you go to where underspending meant spending more than you have? It's easy to underspend when the UK pays for the shortfall for you. It's like underspending your pocket money, but your mum still pays the mortgage for the house you live in. Maybe that's an example that's more your intellectual level.
&gt;We're not going to be in a World War again, mate. How do you know that? That's what they said after WW1. Sounds like you're the one with the "staggering lack of knowledge of history"
It’s got nothing to do with the election. It’s because people can’t be fucked doing polls about anything in late December because they’d rather be getting pissed or Xmas shopping. So polling companies struggle to get quality samples.
&gt;Can you count to potato? Great patter from another of the Nationalists finest minds.
&gt;I have noticed that if I add our savings account, this gives the illusion that we have more money to budget when all I want to focus on is checking. This is not an illusion. You are supposed to budget your savings. The first rule of YNAB is give every dollar a job. That includes the money in your savings account. You need to make a category called "savings" and budget the money in your savings account to that category.
&gt;Irrelevant. Why is this now so important? You can’t claim a mandate for something that wasn’t in your manifesto. Well you can, but don’t expect people to respect it.
Standing to reason to you is not the same as it being in their manifesto.
&gt;If you only got paid twice in 6 years is that not pretty scarce nah? Not as scarce as “once in a generation”, no. &gt;It's also more scarce than the number of general elections we've had in the past 6 years. Yet not as scarce as “once in a generation”.
Yes, you are naive to assume that something you have inferred to be party policy counts as a manifesto commitment.
Correct, and the reason it made no difference having 50% of the vote in 2015 was because in that election they claimed a vote for the SNP wasn’t a vote for a referendum. As I just explained. Let me clarify as you seem to be struggling. Bear00002: “Once SNP get over 50% of the votes they may have a case.” Shivadxb: “They did get over 50% in 2015. Made no fucking difference then either” Me: the reason it made no difference was because in 2015 they claimed a vote for the SNP wasn’t a vote for a referendum.
&gt;But we've both just agreed the vote in 2015 was nothing to do with a referendum? Correct. Which is why it made no difference that they won 50% of the vote in 2015 and the SNP didn’t have a mandate for on then either. Genuinely lolling at your inability to get your head round this fairly simple point.
Let me clarify as you seem to be struggling. Bear00002: “Once SNP get over 50% of the votes they may have a case.” Shivadxb: “They did get over 50% in 2015. Made no fucking difference then either” Me: the reason it made no difference was because in 2015 they claimed a vote for the SNP wasn’t a vote for a referendum.
&gt;Because it's a different leader of the SNP now. So it was really "once in generation" unless they lost the referendum or changed leader. &gt;He stated his own opinion, where does it say that it's the SNP's opinion that it's also 20 years? His opinion in his capacity as leader of the SNP. If you want to argue that they meant something other than 20 years I look forward to the evidence you're about to present to that effect.
&gt;The mandate for a second referendum is that parliament and the government voted for one. ...against the wishes of most voters. Which is why the SNP's claimed "mandate" isn't being respected.
&gt;any future SNP government would be free to make up their own minds? They're not free to make up their own minds are they. They're being held to the commitment they made in the White Paper.
&gt;Who would have guessed that brexit was going to come along and that Scotland would vehemently oppose it, completely justifying another referendum. The SNP should have guessed that before they called it "once in a generation".
&gt; Most voters clearly want one. Most voters do not want a second referendum. In the 2016 holyrood election more voters voted against a second referendum than for one. In the 2019 election most voters voted for unionist parties. There is no evidence that a second referendum is what most voters in Scotland want. Quite the opposite.
&gt;And you still havent explained why you are placing weight on this specific statement BUT not his clear statement that it was up to a future government to decide? Alex Salmond is in a position to clarify what he and the SNP meant by "once in a generation" when they wrote it. So I put weight on that. Alex Salmond is not in a position to decide that it is "up to any future SNP government". So I don't put much weight on that.
&gt; Did they? Yes, they did. &gt; Going by your logic the vast majority voted for a referendum after 2021. Maybe Nicola Sturgeon should have asked for one after 2021 then. &gt;opinion polling supports my assertion. Let's see it then. &gt;So a majority do not want one, yet voted enmasse The majority didn't vote for the SNP.
&gt;That's because it's open to interpretation How do you know it refers to likelihood if it's open to interpretation?
&gt; Why didn't one of those parties win the most votes then? The no referendum vote was split amongst 3 parties. The pro referendum vote was concentrated in 1. Consequently the SNP won the most seats despite most voters opposing a second referendum. So people don't respect their claims of a "mandate" for a second referendum. &gt;Doesn't nees to It does if you want to claim a majority of Scots want a referendum in 2020. &gt;Labour were not against a second referendum. Their position was at best ambiguous ""We rule out another referendum on independence during the lifetime of the next Parliament."" That doesn't sound ambiguous to me.
&gt;No, perhaps the Tories should have guessed they could have their Brexit or the UK but they can't have both. Clearly they can. A second referendum in 2020 has been rejected.
&gt;Therefore Westminster is the one responsible for paying them back. 9% of Westminster are Scottish seats. Guess that makes Scotland responsible for 9% of the debt that Westminster "took out".
Quality contribution from another of the Nats finest minds.
&gt;No, but now a formal answer can be challenged in the Scottish courts. On what grounds?
&gt; In which case we also agree that it is entirely irrelevant what Salmond said about a second referendum, even if he did clearly caveat his statements. I think it's very relevant. The SNP tried to mislead people by calling it a once in a generation event. Now they're being held to that.
&gt;If Scotland stops being under Westminster control, then no, it doesn't. Westminster isn't going to agree to Scottish Independence unless Scotland agrees to take it's fair share of the debt.
I think you're probably getting bored with your own mental gymastics. Imagine claiming that "once in a generation" is a commonly understood phrase but pretending you don't understand what a generation means in that context.
&gt;Held to something he explicitly said was something for a future government to decide. Yeh the future UK Government decided to hold the SNP to their original commitment. Guess he was right.
&gt;Claim of Right Act 1989 There is no Claim of Right Act 1989. It wasn't an act of parliament, nor was it a piece of law. So it's not open to legal challenge in the courts. &gt;the right to self-determination in Article I of the Charter of the United Nations. The right to self-determination isn't part of UK law either. So is not open to legal challenge in the courts either.
&gt;Which we both agree is nonsense. Yep. He was lying about it being once in a generation and now he's being held to it. Guess he shouldn't have made a promise he didn't intend to keep. Because now he's being made to keep it.
&gt;am I right in thinking that the treaties could be null and voided if they are not granted a section 30 ? No.
That's the Green's 2019 WM manifesto. We're talking about the 2016 Holyrood election. &amp;#x200B; &gt;They both supported a referendum. The Green's didn't offer a referendum in their 2016 manifesto.
Guess he should have been clearer then. Because now he's being held to it regardless.
If he wanted an answer from expensive courts and lawyers why is he asking on reddit?
hah that's pretty good. Well done.
&gt; On the grounds of the cross party Smith Commission, The Claim of Right 2018 Neither of these things are part of the law and neither are things a court could rule on. &gt;Under Scots law, UK LAW AND the treaties of Union 1707, scotlands claim of right over the monarch (claim of right 1689 Scotland), who’s crown IN parliament (Westminster) places scotlands sovereignty in the MPs elected to “that” parliament, as per the treaties of Union 1707 and all subsequent legislations …. which all must adhere to the basic tenet of the treaty of Union (for all time coming) “pursuant to the claim of right”…… This doesn't really make sense as a legal challenge. Where did you get it from?
Why would I need to do that?
&gt; it doesn't support your claim that a majority do not want a referendum. In the election which elected the current Scottish Government, more people voted against a second referendum than for one. Seems like it supports my claim to me.
&gt;By who? By the UK Government who are respecting the majority wish of the people of Scotland not to have a second referendum in 2020.
&gt; Why did they vote for one 4 weeks ago then? They didn't. &gt;Why do the polls show that they do? They don't.
&gt; They're claiming a mandate from an election 4 weeks ago That's a bit silly of them. The Scottish Government cannot claim a mandate from an election in which they weren't elected.
&gt; We don't elect a PM we elect parliamentarians. The Scottish Government aren't in the UK Parliament. &gt;Scotland wants a referendum so they voted for the party Most of Scotland didn't vote for that party.
&gt; Again, you're misunderstanding the statistics of rare events. Twice in 6 years does not count as once in a generation. So it sounds like it is you who misunderstands the statistics of rare events.
Nope, 1000 people is a pretty representative subset of the total population.
&gt; I don't need to. If you want to demonstrate that people want a referendum in 2020. Then you need to provide some evidence of people wanting a referendum in 2020. &gt;Why didnt that split too The vote did split in 2019. Even if you combine it, there still isn't a majority vote for a second referendum.
What acts of people doing things are you referring to?
OP mostly referenced legal acts in his quote. I'm not sure why you thought he was asking for "acts of people doing things".
I didn't say they were a distinct political party. I said none of the Scottish Government were elected in 2019.
&gt; No you're avoiding the fact that you don't believe the polls. You haven't presented a poll that shows that people want a referendum in 2020 yet. There's nothing for me to believe. &gt;I've not referenced the 2016 vote once. You quoted me mentioning the 2016 election and asked for the manifestos. You are talking about a Scottish Government elected in the 2016 vote. For clarity; we are talking about the 2016 election.
I'm afraid in that case I don't think you can. YNAB can only track budgeted dollars. Pre-tax coffee benefits aren't paid for with budgeted dollars and aren't trackable.
You're right. The Scottish Government were elected in the 2016 Holyrood election. The Scottish Government were not elected in the 2019 Westminster election.
&gt; I don't have to If you don't present a poll showing people want a referendum in 2020 you have no evidence they want a referendum in 2020.
&gt;No it doesn't Yes it does. If a second referendum was held this year it would be a "twice in a generation" opportunity. In order for it to remain a once in a generation opportunity there should not be another referendum this generation.
Try re-writing that post so it makes sense.
Once you've decided which "important part of the statement" I'm supposed to have missed let me know. Or you can keep talking in riddles. Up to you.
&gt;Could you please explain core principles of proper way of doing it? &gt; &gt;Where sould I look to find a guide for learning how to use YNAB how it meant to be used? Maybe https://docs.youneedabudget.com? Yep, that's a good place to start. Nick True's videos on youtube are also excellent. &gt;Another question, let's say I've done something with savings, invest it somehow. That's putting them into tracking account. Does YNAB let's to calculate and budget the percentage from investment, or does it need to be inserted manually every time? I'm not sure what the question is, what is it you're asking needs to be done manually? The transaction input or the budgetting?
&gt; No I'm asking so you can demonstrate that YOU understand the difference. Sounds like you're the one who doesn't understand the difference if you think there's some confusion about them.
They don't have a mandate for a second referendum. Because most voters voted against it.
&gt; I'm not the one who can't explain the difference when asked. You are the one who think there's some confusion between the two.
&gt; You didn't understand why the Scottish Government didn't sit in the Westminster elections. I don't know how you got that impression. I understand exactly why they don't sit in Westminster. They didn't stand for election there.
&gt; Aye its clear you don't because you can't explain your logic My logic is simple. I don't believe people want a referendum in 2020 because there is no evidence they want a referendum in 2020. Does that logic need further explanation for you?
It could indicate you have overspending, yes. Have you checked previous months or hidden categories?
Only 70% to go!
&gt;It is random. She didn't request for one in 2020. “It is our position that a referendum should be held before the end of 2020”. - [Nicola Sturgeon](https://www.gov.scot/publications/scotlands-right-choose-putting-scotlands-future-scotlands-hands/)
&gt;The timeframe is for parliament to decide. Actually it’s for the UK Govt to decided. And they’ve decided it’s not going to happen for a generation. Check mate.
Worse terms than what we had. Better terms than not being in at all.
I said celebrating makes you look small. I stand by that.
Ok.
But they did work with the Tories.
What is the ideal way to do it?
&gt;It is our position that a referendum should be held before the end of 2020 What does that phrase mean to you?
OP didn’t ask whether they needed to fix their spending habits. They asked how to resolve the difference.
Obviously. That’s why they’re predictions of what those priorities would be and what the resultant deficit might look like.
What’s the name for the principle where it’s ok for the SNP to work with the Tories, but unacceptable for any other party?
Couldn’t agree more
They asked for one in 2020 as per the opening remarks in Scotland’s Right to Choose
So? They still worked with them. They still had a parliamentary pact with them. They still had coalitions with them. So they’re just as guilty as Labour of “working with the Tories”.
No pact? So all the Tory MSPs voted for the SNPs budget randomly did they? What a coincidence!
I think I’ve addressed it a few times.
If Scotland votes for independence why would it then want to become part of a new country with Ireland? 0 chance of this ever happening. Might as well ask if Scotland wants to become part of Spain.
Complete nonsense. Scotland is not going to elect to become part of Ireland to get into the EU by default. Nor is it going to do so because of our “Celtic Brethren.” This is like some crap American fan fiction.
Depends on the timeframe. Since 1707? Scotland has gotten more than it has given. Since Oil was struck? Scotland has gotten back what it gave. Recently? Scotland gets more than it gives.
You shouldn’t be changing the budgeted amounts to match the activity.
Scotland isn’t going to break away unlawfully so there is no Catalonia problem.
It’s worth bearing in mind that this supposed lack of clarity is in whether an independence referendum counts as a constitutional matter. When the SNP talk of a legal challenge they’re asking the courts to agree with them that an independence referendum doesn’t count as a constitutional matter and is therefore not reserved. I imagine it’s fairly unlikely the courts would accept this argument but the pro-independence crowd seem very optimistic.
&gt;I have heard differently. Lol from who?
&gt;If someone thinks that the only reason people want to leave the EU is racism, surely it follows that they think the only country where the majority of the people want to leave the EU is the most racist one in it? No that doesn’t follow. That’s where you’ve added 2+2 and gotten 5. Observing that some who want to leave the EU are racist doesn’t mean all racists want to leave the EU.
&gt; Because your whole position is utterly illogical. Well you would say that wouldn't you.
&gt;And under the treaty of union Scots law is the highest law in Scotland. Yes and Scots Law says the U.K. Parliament is sovereign. Is there something that’s confusing you?
Gotta keep the base energised. They know there’s not going to be one this year but they need to dangle the carrot.
Gavin Anderson seems to agree with me though. &gt;However, even if the purpose of the Bill is correctly characterised as consultative, the second limb of the UK Government’s argument remains to be addressed. Would a consultative Bill nevertheless ‘relate to’ the Union? Literally, of course, it would. So he agrees, under a literal interpretation, an independence referendum would relate to a reserved matter - the constitution. He continues; &gt;Both the unitary state and federalist understandings of the purposes of devolution might suggest that questions about the future constitutional position of Scotland should indeed be reserved to the UK Parliament. So under a unitary state understanding of the purpose of devolution, the constitutional position of Scotland would be reserved. And it is the unitary state understanding that holds sway in the UK. The Supreme Court ruled as such in 2017. So by his argument, under both a literal interpretation, and a purposeful interpretation of the Scotland Act, a referendum is a reserved matter.
Badly misinformed. “Parliamentary Sovereignty has never been part of the law in the United Kingdom with respect to the parliament of the United Kingdom until now?” Nonsense.
Scottish Independence is a matter of both international law and UK domestic law. And those don't necessarily need to be the same answer. Scotland could be recognized as independent internationally, but not under UK domestic law. Equally, Scotland could be recognized as independent under UK domestic law, but not internationally.
&gt;And? Do you ever consider that when you describe the world's largest trading bloc as "relatively small" it might indicate that you aren't very well informed on this subject?
Craig Murray is making the argument that if Scotland made a Unilateral Declaration of Independence then the rest of the world would recognise it as such. Nicola Sturgeon and most sensible members of the SNP don't believe that either and have ruled it out.
There are many specific things they look at. Dicey's writing as I mentioned before, and then the body of case law on the subject, usually broken down case by case. If you want to see a practical example of that in action in Miller for example you can see them explain their logic in the [full judgement](http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKSC/2017/5.html).
Read the instructions. The try it. It’s really not that complicated.
Eh?
Lol
&gt;Without an effective boycott, the Yes vote will be a politically overwhelming mandate. “Will of the people”. The UK Gov will politcally have no choice but to negotiate for independence. They’d just ignore it like the Spanish Government ignored Catalonian separatists.
I think you’re the one who’s thinking wishfully. Let’s imagine the SNP hold an unsanctioned referendum and the U.K. Govt just ignores it. What do you thinks going to happen then?
So you’re partly responsible for the declines in infrastructure then. You voted for it.
It really isn't as complicated as you're making it. Here's how it works; 1. Log your business expense to a business expense category. 2. When you are reimbursed, log the reimbursement as inflow to your business expense category. 3. *If it's the* ***same month***, the reimbursement funds will automatically move from your business expense category to your credit card payment category. *If it's the* ***next month***, the reimbursement will stay in your business expense category and you'll have to move it to the credit card payment category yourself. &amp;#x200B; It's that simple.
&gt;they should meet as the Scottish Grand Committee which they are entitled to and hold a vote to delegate that authority that they do have as the Scottish representatives in the British parliament to the Scottish parliament to hold a vote. The Scottish Grand Committee don't have the authority to hold a vote, so there is nothing they could delegate. Sorry to burst that bubble.
Sounds good to me.
Why?
&gt;When do we move this back to TBB? On the first of Feb? Or on the last day of Jan? Does it change anything if we move it on a different date? Makes no difference whatsoever. Just move it back whenever you're ready to budget it.
&gt; But not one that matters and has the ability to deliver change in people’s lives. Re-joining the EU absolutely would deliver change in people's lives and the best way to achieve that in the medium to long term is to demonstrate our continued commitment to the EU in the short term. &gt;What makes you think I am? Leave it up. Whatever. Cool, what's your problem then? Stop whinging. &gt;I don’t think our political machine should be wasting it’s time discussing which squares of patterned material to hang in the air. If you think symbolism like flags doesn't matter in politics then you're naive.
&gt;Independent countries make deals and compromises with other independent countries and it doesn’t affect either country’s independence. Of course it does. You aren't free to make your own decisions if you're bound by the deals and compromises you made with other countries.
The USA is bound by many of the FTAs it has signed with other countries.
&gt; An independent Scotland within the EU is a good thing Yes. The poster to whom I replied said an Independent Scotland should not join the EU because it should be free to make it's own decisions Maybe you should read the comment thread before you reply?
There is a difference, but only of degree. We sacrifice more autonomy to the U.K. than the EU. But ultimately we’re still sacrificing autonomy to both and they’re both worth it.
I don’t know why you’re arguing something that nobody is disputing. Scotland should sacrifice decision making autonomy when it is beneficial to do so.
You’ll also find plenty of countries being sanctioned because they’re not free to make their own decisions while part of the EU.
It’s not obvious to everyone. Some people want an independent Scotland out of the EU.
I’m not returning I’ve never been away.
If your consistently finding the credit card payment amount is less than the balance on the card then it’s almost certainly an overspending issue. Are you checking categories in months past?
Cash overspending is not accounted for automatically in TBB. It ultimately rolls up the overspending into a future TBB in anticipation of future income. It does not reserve cash automatically for paying back all purchases. If you overspend while a credit card is designated as a checking account there will be no money reserved to pay back those purchases. There will be an overspend.
Excellente.
&gt;He's talking shite on all points and polls consistently show that Scottish independence is likely. In the 83 polls concerning Scottish Independence since the beginning of 2016. [Yes has won 6.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_on_Scottish_independence#Post-referendum_polling)
You think the Wikipedia page is fake?
&gt;They have the power to hold a vote. Well that's what the SNP say, but it's unlikely to be true.
What's the same as Brexit?
The Tory's can't claim people voted overwhelmingly for them either.
What do the Scottish Greens have to do with the incorrect claim that people voted for the SNP overwhelmingly? The combined votes for the SNP and the Greens aren't a majority of the vote either.
Yes if the UK Supreme Court ruled that Holyrood was competent in this matter then the bill would become law. The problem is the Scotland Act prohibits Holyrood from passing bills that relate to constitutional matters. And a referendum on independence clearly relates to a constitutional matter. So why would the UK Supreme Court rule otherwise?
Ok, in that case let's say people overwhelmingly voted against the SNP.
&gt;Only if it's legally binding. Where did you get this idea? There is no distinction between binding or legally binding referendums. Both relate to a constitutional matter.
Yeh and then a minority of people voted for that manifesto. Meanwhile more people voted for manifestos that explicitly ruled out a second referendum in this parliamentary term.
Your 40% of labour voters trivia is irrelevant. It means nothing. More people voted against a referendum In the election from which the SNP claim a mandate for holding one. &gt;Why? Historically the only thing that mattered There is no history here. This is the first time a second referendum has been disputed. The SNP are claiming a mandate from the people for a policy that most people voted against. They know they don’t have a mandate. So does everyone else.
Lol calm down Braveheart.
What does that have to do with reserving cash? Which doesn’t happen.
And if you overspend it doesn’t. So why are you suggesting it “doesn’t create wonkiness” in edge cases like overspending when clearly it does?
Lol what kind of legal expertise do you have?
What you gonna do? March on York?
&gt;I suppose the only silver lining is that this is the only argument anyone can find to use against a second referendum You forgot the one about most voters voting against it.
That looks like a very professional website.
Most of the people voting for Brexit don’t understand the sovereignty argument either. They don’t really know what sovereignty is or what it means in practice. But they’ve been manipulated into thinking it’s so valuable they’re prepared to vote against their own best interests to get it.
&gt;it's not been 45-55 for a while It was 45 - 55 at the [beginning of December](https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/9f359xvq6w/TheTimes_191206_Scotland_Results_IndependenceW.pdf)
&gt;The voters didnt specifically vote to rule something in or out, If the voters didn't vote to rule something in or out then where did the SNP get their mandate for a second referendum from?
Seems like you’re a little bitter you can’t force through another referendum with a minority of the vote. That’s democracy for you. We need a check and balance on a minority of nationalists block voting for a referendum every chance they get.
Why not?
How’s it a win if they lose the legal challenge?
You would have thought someone with a background in computers would know that banner ads are served based on your browsing history.
&gt;People from all sides have very low trust in the Electoral Commission these days. Do they? Why?
It doesn't disprove your point. I'm not trying to disprove it. I just think it's interesting that the accusations of bias in the electoral commission are mostly coming from the Leave campaign. Interesting bedfellows you have there.
&gt;It’s all about the potential outcome of it, surely. It has nothing to do with the outcome. It has to do with what the subject matter. If the court's opinion is that a referendum relates to the constitution then the Scottish Parliament cannot hold any kind of referendum on independence. Even if it's only "effectively an opinion poll".
Explain how I'm wrong then?
You might be partisan enough to interpret fair decisions as biased against your side though.
/r/badlegaladvice
So you think there's a chance earlier court rulings are going to agree that an independence referendum does not relate to the constitution, and then the UK Supreme Court will agree with them?
So you've said. But you seem unable to explain why anyone should be uncertain about it.
&gt;I'm worried that changing the question will cause confusion. No you're not. You're worried you won't be able to use the term "Yes" because you think it's advantageous to the independence campaign.
It was absolutely tone deaf. The remarks of someone playing to the Corbyn cult and not realising they aren't going to win you a General Election.
&gt;Not my job, mate. i.e. you can't think of one. So despite your protestations that it's uncertain whether a court would rule that an independence referendum related to the constitution, you can't think of a single example of when they wouldn't. Looks like it's not as uncertain as you wanted to pretend.
I imagine it must be very tedious having to think of excuses why you can't offer of a single example of something you claim is definitely possible.
If it's not your job why are you pretending you know what you're talking about?
&gt;Am I doing this right? Or am I just messing up the math? It's kind of pointless. All you've effectively done, is taken money out the credit card payment category, sent it to the overspent category, where it has then automatically moved up to the credit card payment category for a net change of 0.
That's a really lovely gesture.
Some might but honestly, one of the most influential factors on bringing public disorder to an end is just shitty weather that people don't want to go out in.
&gt; If you think you're somehow more qualified I'm not more qualified. The scientific community is more qualified and they have not declared that natural herd immunity is impossible. So I don't know why you're trying to argue that it is. Maybe this is Dunning-Kruger in action?
&gt;You can say that again. Sure. The scientific community is more qualified than you and they have not declared that natural herd immunity is impossible. So I don't know why you're trying to argue that it is.
&gt;But when I transfer money out to spend, does it think the transfer and the actual spending are both coming from my budget? No. No money comes out your budget when you record a transfer. Money only comes out your budget when you record actual spending. This is why transfers don't have a category, but actual spending does.
&gt;Yes, but the $100 is not available for budgeting. In all likelihood that is because you have budgeted it elsewhere. A common mistake people make, is assuming that transferring money to a savings account counts as having budgeted it. They then go and budget the money elsewhere and then wonder why their savings budget category is less than the balance on the savings account. &gt;I have pretty much all the same numbers in my other accounts, so I’m not sure why this one is low. What do you mean it's low? The account isn't low. The savings category is low judging by your description.
By taking $5 out of the category your net budget for that category is $95 so your budgeting goal technically hasn't been met. i.e. You budgeted $100 and then removed $5 for a budgeted figure of $95. Your available amount is still $100 because you added another $5 to the category via means other than budgeting.
&gt;But yellow \*also\* reflects that you haven't fully funded the category yet either. "Yet" doesn't come into it. Yellow just reflects that the category is not fully funded at any given time. OP hasn't fully funded the category. Because he took money out of it. It doesn't matter that he put the money there to begin with.
&gt;Because there is a big difference between #1 and #2. There isn't really though. All that YNAB can tell you in both cases is that you haven't funded your monthly goal for that category. What you do with that information is up to you. &gt;Either way, I need to know which case it is so Why do you need to know why the category is underfunded to determine whether to fund it? Either you need to fund it or you don't. Why it's underfunded to begin with is mostly irrelavent.
You answered your own question. By making your savings account a tracking account you are treating savings as an expense, like any other form of spending. And consequently it brings your Age of Money down.
&gt;I did budget full $100 in that category initially. Yes but then you removed $5. &gt;My net budgeted amount is still $100 after moving the refunded money. No, your available amount is $100. Your net budgeted amount is $95. Because you budgeted $100 and then removed $5.
Yeh that's a choice you have to make though. If you want to frame savings as spending so you can see it represented as a % of your spending on the reports than it'll get treated as spending everywhere.
Have you considered not having a goal for fun money? Then there's no yellow goal marker in the first place?
Yes I suspect we are. I suppose YNAB has to balance the desire of individuals to see information they think important to them, with the need to keep things simple and tidy for the majority of the userbase. Frankly, one of the reasons I suspect YNAB is so successful is that it encourages people to be forward looking with their money and to think about what it needs to do in the future. Icons designed to show how you performed against arbitrary budget goals set in the past are kind of antithetical to that philosophy which I imagine is why they're not included. For what it's worth I am budgeted 2 months out into the future and have never needed an icon to indicate to me whether I met or exceeded a budget goal I set in the past. So this has really nothing to do with graduating past 4-7 days. &gt;My point is what if it doesn’t? Then what? My point is that the icons you are describing don't actually do anything to help you plan for the bigger picture.
&gt; Please link to the post where you explained the following or simply put the answers in below No. Link to them yourself.
When you make purchases on a credit card. YNAB takes the amount out of the purchase category and moves it to the credit card category where it becomes available for payment. That's how they make sure you have enough money to pay your credit card bill. It's supposed to be there.
Ok. But to be clear, you are not supposed to budget for purchases made using a credit card in the credit card payment category. You budget for those purchases in your normal budget categories.
&gt;...Once I did and used the feature to make it so the overspending color wasn’t the same as the not yet funded color &gt;...I was able to see which categories needed money because I had not yet met the goal I set, and they weren’t intermixed with overspending. Woah, woah, woah. Now you're talking about something completely different. This thread is about distinguishing between categories that were fully funded and then had money removed and categories that haven't been fully funded yet. That is completely different to categories that are overspent which is a different question entirely.
&gt;No, it’s not. Yes it is. OP is asking that a category in which they met the funding goal and then removed money from has a different colour to a category that hasn't met it's funding goal. That is completely different to having a different colour for categories that are **overspent** and categories which haven't met their funding goal. Which is what you were describing in your previous post. &gt;This created a ‘never ending cup of money’ to borrow from and led to overspending. This is completely wrong. It is impossible to create a "never ending cup of money" in YNAB unless you actually have a never ending supply of money. Overspending is caused when you knowingly spend more money than you have available in a given category. It is not caused by YNAB tricking you into thinking you have a never ending cup of money to borrow from.
No worries, sorry to hear of your difficulties in the past and well done for overcoming them!
I'm not reposting answers from a month ago because you've run out of things to argue about and have started repeating yourself as a way of prolonging the conversation.
You will find the answers in earlier posts when you asked the exact same questions a month ago.
Tracking accounts are an expense. If you want it to stop counting it as an expense you need to make it an on-budget account and not a tracking account.
&gt; We both know they don't exist. [Here you are](https://www.reddit.com/r/Scotland/comments/g3dbc5/the_eleven_days_that_may_have_tragically_cost_the/forvtb7/) a month ago asking how many deaths herd immunity will take. [Here's my answer from a month ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/Scotland/comments/g3dbc5/the_eleven_days_that_may_have_tragically_cost_the/foryfbm/) "Impossible to quantify. It depends if hospitals get overwhelmed or not. And it depends how many of the infected die. Neither of those are known figures." For some reason you're now asking the same question again.
In my experience, most people who advocate registering credit cards as checking accounts just don’t understand how credit cards are supposed to work and don’t want to learn. But rather than take the time to learn the method they aggressively promote the use of the “checking account method” on this subreddit as a way of validating their own misunderstanding. That’s where the negative reaction comes from I think. EDIT; To use an analogy it’a a bit like if this was a subreddit for Chinese food. Every so often someone will arrive who says “hey I really like Chinese food, but I don’t understand how to use chopsticks properly”. Then about 4 people who **also** don’t understand chopsticks say “just ask the waiter for a fork”
I think you’re proving my point
&gt;I had trouble to get YNAB to report profit on sales in the income part of "income v expense" report. That sounds unrelated to credit cards. &gt;When I used a credit card to pay for shipping it threw my numbers off. What numbers? Could you be more specific?
Ok so you’re convinced that your method is superior to the normal method but you can’t remember what was wrong with the normal method on the first place? &gt;if I paid for shipping with my debit acc (same acc as where I received payment for item) then the numbers were fine. What numbers?
&gt; Because you didn't answer. I'd even accept a rough estimate 17.
17.
&gt;Take a look at the actual graphs for daily new cases, and deaths. Why don't you take a look at the actual graphs? You will observe the overall trend is down which is what this thread is concerned. Maybe once you realise that you'll feel free to stop posting irrelavent trivia like "it's always lower on Sunday" as if that was something that everybody wasn't aware of already.
20.
The two elections they lost would suggest otherwise.
You shouldn't really allow yourself to be either heartened or disheartened by a daily figure. As you say look at the rolling trend. Daily figures will continue to fluctuate.
Players get a progressively larger speed boost as you go farther back. So the player in last place is faster than the player in first place to help them catch up.
Yeh that's what I said.
The better drivers can handle people driving dirty or getting speed boosts. If you ain't one of those people you're not a better driver.
&gt; So what do you do in a lobby of 20 and everyone is smashing into you driving backwards ect? Learn to deal with it. Whoever deals with it best is the best racer.
Some people bought GTA and thought they were getting a racing sim by the sound of it
22.
What do you mean use gross pay when calculating net income that hits the bank? YNAB is for budgetting liquid funds. Trying to include paycheck deductions is kind of pointless. If you want a more comprehensive picture of your net worth, YNAB probably isn't the software to do it.
It doesn’t really matter why they’re arguing for its removal. The point is just because someone made a decision in 1972 that the building should be listed doesn’t mean we can’t subsequently take decisions in 2020 to remove the statue. Of all the reasons to keep the status in place, planning regulations are the least important.
&gt;I added the charge to my CareCredit budget account as a transaction, but it’s saying I’ve overspent by $2,515 since I didn’t have anything budgeted yet. What’s the best way to go about this? Do I have to just live with the yellow “overbudgeted” flag until I pay it off? Is your CareCredit budget account a credit card account? If so just do what you did. The yellow overbudget icon will only be present this month to indicate $2515 of overspending this month. IN future months you will notice that the credit card payment category is less than the balance on the card. That is ok if you're planning on paying the balance over time. Just budget $420 each month to the CareCredit credit card payment category and make the payment each month.
The category is whatever you want. How do you want to record the transaction? Given it’s a dentist maybe it’s your dental or medical category. But in future when you budget the repayments you’re need to budget them to your credit card payment category because you are repaying you’re credit card debt.
&gt;However, YNAB says that as of now, I am behind. It says that I need to budget $275 more this month to stay on track. Does anyone know why this May be? To stay on track you need to budget $875 in June. You have only budgeted $600 in June. Thus you need to budget a further $275 to stay on track.
Sometimes people with experience in other accounting systems struggle with YNAB because they get fixated on what they *expect* to happen rather than taking the YNAB system at face value. I’d consider revisiting the beginner classes. Or alternatively Nick True has a series of introductory videos which are generally well regarded. In your case I can immediately tell from your description of ending up thousands into the negative that you were probably budgeting money you didn’t have.
No live sport until 2021 is a different to "the virus is here to stay and we need to learn to live with it". There is zero chance humanity is going to permanently ban live sport even if there is no vaccine.
You also can’t afford this apartment. I’m not sure what you think your legal case is? Your lease is coming to an end and you can’t afford to renew the lease.
To be fair it’s not out of character for most Americans who get obsessed with the idea of tracing their lineage through clans. Nobody in Scotland really thinks about that stuff.
Firstly, try not to leave any money unbudgeted. Secondly, remember what your credit card payment category is for - it's a pot of money reserved to pay your credit card debt. When you redeemed your Chase points it reduced the balance of your card. That almost certainly means that *now* you don't need all the money you had previously reserved to pay your credit card debt, because you've paid some of that debt with chase points. So you can safely take about $1000 out of your credit card payment category. As that money is no longer required to pay your credit card debt.
This isn't really an unpopular opinion. Lots of YNAB users use credit cards for all their spending. Mostly because of the rewards but also because of the interest gained from keeping the cash in your own account until it comes time to pay the credit card bill. As long as you're disciplined it's a rewarding practice. However, please double check that you're not paying a credit card fee on your rent. They're quite common and if you have to pay a 5% surcharge if you pay your rent with credit card then that will nullify any interest you would gain.
&gt;Whether you have enough money in an account for a category purchase depends only on whether or not you have enough money in the account It also depends how much is in the category. To know whether you have enough money in the account you need to compare **both** the account balance **and** the category balance. This is obvious. So it does have something to do with your categories.
You think someone will have replicated YNAB in excel within a week? Lol. Good luck.
The value YNAB adds is providing budgeting software that people can’t replicate in Excel. That hasn’t changed by excel adding direct import. If YNABs competitive advantage over Excel was being able to direct import you would have a point. But it isn’t.
It's not a false equivalence at all. They're identical. Microsoft worries about about maintaining market share from other rival spreadsheet software. It doesn't worry about people using pen and paper to recreate a spreadsheet by hand. Similarly I'm sure YNAB is concerned with maintaining marketshare versus rival budgetting apps. I doubt they're worried about people recreating budgetting software by hand on Excel. If people had the ability or were inclined to do that there would never have been a market for YNAB in the first place. The competitive advantage of YNAB has not materially changed by Excel offering Direct Import. Good luck recreating YNAB functionality in Excel. I'm sure you won't bother paying the subscription if it's so simple.
You have overspending in the current month. That is what is causing the overbudget in future months as YNAB tries to compensate. Rather than covering the overbudget in a future month, search for the overspending in the current month and cover that.
&gt;I mean a third room that could be used as a study/bedroom would surely be more attractive than not having it at all. Not necessarily. You could end up with 2 shit rooms instead of 1 good one.
How much are we talking? If it's just left over money from a holiday e.g a couple of hundred then you can probably safely assume it will make absolutely no difference whatsoever what you do with it.
Good luck! Often a mindset shift is the simplest solve.
You should budget every dollar you have.
This has absolutely nothing to do with YNAB. This is a relationship issue.
Using “country” to refer to an independent state is a very commonly used definition of “country”. It’s not some unusual personal definition that a handful of people use.
It’s a semantic argument. Scotland is a country and is not a country depending on which definition of country you’re using.
It depends which definition they’re using.
You’ve lost me. Under the very common definition of “country” where it means independent state, neither England or Scotland are countries. FPTP has nothing to do with any of that.
Aren’t you also arguing in bad faith by acting like the definition where country = independent country doesn’t exist? Isn’t this just a big exercise in getting offended for the sake of it?
Polls called Brexit correctly. They said it was on a knife edge and the result turned out to be extremely close. They also got the Clinton vote mostly bang on. Trump won because of the electoral college not because he won the most votes.
You must live a very sheltered then if you’ve never heard anyone use the word country to refer to independent countries.
How much have you budgeted to the bills category?
Holding yourself accountable means covering the overspending. Carrying over the negative balance is the opposite of holding yourself accountable because it allows you to pretend you have more money in other categories than you actually have.
&gt;Out of the 10 last polls before the referendum 7 called for remain while only 3 called for leave. All ten were conducted within a week before the referendum. The three that called leave said the leads were 3.8%, 2% &amp; 1%. While one of the polls predicting remain had a lead as high as 10%, another at 8% and another at 6%. This does not indicate a knife edge. You’ve just picked the last 10 polls so you can avoid counting the polls where Leave were ahead. If you look at the 27 polls conducted in the two weeks before the referendum itself, Leave won 13 of them and Remain won 14. So it *does* indicate a knife edge. &gt;2016 Presidential election - 23 polls carried out in November. 22 predicted Hillary. They were right. Clinton won the popular vote.
It’s also common knowledge they’re not countries. When you mean an independent country. You might as well get used to that reality and stop crying about people not calling Scotland or England a country.
Don’t pay your credit card in advance in future would be the simplest solution
&gt;Edit 2: Aha! So I think I know what might be wrong. I paid off my credit card debt on 06.15. All transactions added before that will be pulled straight from "To be Budgeted". I think the problem is solved! That’s not the reason.
&gt;This tripped me up too, it's because ynab is based on calendar month and your credit card bill cycle isn't. This is wrong. It has nothing to do with billing cycles.
&gt;So when I look at next month I'm in the hole real bad even with some extra carried over from this month. What do you mean “in the hole”?
Why don’t you just take some of the money in savings and budget it into next month? That way you can avoid being over budget for significant amounts of time.
If you’re only in your second month of YNAB then you’ll should definitely not be breaking the rules, that will almost certainly lead you to problems in the long run. Especially something as significant as budgeting money you don’t have.
&gt;All of which start with a single parent, and mutate to multiple strains and viruses. Just like covid. The common cold did not start with a single parent. As I explained to you some are Coronaviruses and some are Rhinoviruses.
I notice it has now been explained to you by multiple people who seem to know better than you that it is not literally the same thing. There comes a time on reddit when you should reflect upon your own knowledge and accept you didn’t really know what you were talking about. You are now in that position.
They treat it like it has meaning because it’s prominently displayed by the software which heavily implies it does have meaning.
&gt;Is $130 too much to reconcile and adjust? Realistically yes. That is a significant difference that should be found. &gt;Should I start with a fresh budget? No. If you fresh start every time you have a budget discrepancy you'll be fresh starting quite a lot. Fresh starts can also introduce their own discrepancies. Best to understand what the problem is so you can better identify the problem yourself next time.
&gt;However regarding the first while I can understand that its a useful rough guide rule for someone starting out it doesn't take into account people taking different approaches to funding maintenance or replacement of goods. Maintenance and replacement of goods aren’t emergencies. &gt;It also doesn't take account of how people what percent of someones income is needed to live. For me its about 50%, for others it could be 90%. Yes it does. Because it’s 3-6 months of your living expenses.
&gt;While I feel like I have the hang of ynab, I often find myself getting lost within my own budget after five or six months and having to start my budget from scratch. There's no reason why after 5 or 6 months a budget should become more confusing. So it might suggest that there is an error in the way you are using YNAB which is compounding upon itself and making your budget confusing by months 5 and 6. &gt;I feel like the number in my checking account is much lower than what my "to be budgeted" reflects. Can you explain more what you mean by this? To Be Budgeted should mostly be 0. Except on days when you receive a paycheck and budget it out.
[https://www.youneedabudget.com/ultimate-get-started-guide/](https://www.youneedabudget.com/ultimate-get-started-guide/)
