I'm a tcu fan and I love my man slinging sammy
I'm excited for the edge and Christian show
Jesus christ 90% taxes
What the fuck is happening
People always askin who cj spiller is, but nobody asking HOW cj spiller is 😤😤😭
You guys remember when his dick fell out at the combine?
You may be right. I'm just trying to figure out how both nuts but no dick could come out
Shut up science bitch
Fox sports
Ohhhhhhhh myyyyyyy
Ah, the annual one time a year where I pull for the Patriots
The rookie that /r/nfl called a bust before taking a single snap while simultaneously jerking off Tom Brady constantly
Go hiking and "fall" off a cliff
🏅🐄⛟💦
Got it
Damn even the wrong form of "you're" in the bio
When will the e and c show run?
Thank you!
Quandre the giant
Idk man, I live in a good area of SC and I always have my gun
Shouldve put 9 wraps on his shoulder
At a Bengals fan, it will be a blow out for sure, but an ugly one with fights and penalties
Made 500k this year
This isnt hyperbole, this is actually the worst offensive game I have ever seen
I'm ready to see Will Horton on the Black Knights
Good shit
Lmao me too. No pokemon because of evolution either
We love our Sikhs! Great, peaceful people
Idk, getting suspended for the cotton bowl sure hurts him tho
Lol yeah, I'm not broken up about it or anything, I still ended up being autistic like everyone else on reddit
Is the big 10 ass?
Spoilers dude
Chat moving so fast, nobody will notice I shidded and farded and camed my pants
Yeah
*biggest winner*
Accurate take
Best coach+way better recruiting classes than anyone
trade 4 tyler brady
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀MARVIN IS GONE🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮HUE IS HERE🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Killian Dain
I'm so glad I got into wrestling in 2015 and didnt realize how rough that year was
Dude I was just about to post this. Please come home mike
Lmao "I was nephewed" good shit
I'm thrilled for any Acuña hits, I've been getting worried hes hurt
u/nwordcountbot u/low_me_steelers
There is no major company on earth that hasnt done business with someone shady or downright evil. Not one.
I'm in the same boat as you. After 2016, I never trust political polls ever, even if they favor my leanings.
Nope. Nope. Buckets.
AUSTIN RILEY BOTTOM TEXT
Freddie Freeman fucking hates baseballs
God I hope those reports about us trying for Kuechel are true
5.75, dont think the hr is factored into that however
😳
I was the Anti-Flowers, I raked but couldnt keep the ball from passing me for shit
Not trying to bully, but have you looked into a medically induced coma from April to October?
Good job BMac, now get gausman out
Touki looked good and had 1 bad meltdown. I'd take 2 or 3 starts and 1 meltdown (which I dont even think would happen that often) instead of just ass every start
Ridiculous. Our offense could keep us in the game with the current score, but with 2 or 3 more innings from gausman?
Is there a reason Freddie keeps his bat down until the pitcher raises his arms?
They got him
If mlb the show is to be trusted, it goes Ronald, Dansby, Ozzie
And we may go Blevins for multiple innings. Lmao jesus christ
Snit: *observe*
Lmao I'm not sure about 19, but it's legit 0 on 18.
Someone page the suicide bot
That field looks a little dry....itd be a shame if someone brought some rain
Lolmarlins. Freddie says fuck your hot streak
If Ronald gets popped for the bat flip, the benches will clear.
Damn that's pretty cool
The pitch count is still low, could Soroko go the distance to keep the bullpen energized through the long roadtrip?
Lol my bad, I thought we were on the road the whole time until the next day off.
Tbf his Twitter bio says Atlanta Braves so that's pretty much official
Fouled a ball into his coin purse. Brutal.
What the fuck I went to piss during the commercial and I come back to see the 3rd out. Maple Maddux is a god
Cy young, MVP, ROTY, Gold Glove, All Star.....Soroka will shower in awards
LET HIM FINISH SO I CAN FINISH
Excuse me, hes a giraffe
Me, from nutting over this game
Agreed, that was instantly one of his most iconic moments
I want to die
"You can send them to Cleveland" Why would I want to do that? I like the Braves players
If ryu and soroka keep the exact same pace, Ryu barely edges him out for Cy Young, but Soroka gets ROTY. Obviously though we wont have 1 pitcher end the year sub 1.4 ERA let alone 2
Ladies and Gentleman..... We got him
That's true, I havent considered that
Fatrick Mahomes
Hope so. That's how NFL player Sean Taylor died.
Nope, he shot someone who did nothing to him. He deserves no sympathy.
Jesus I hope they mean the stomach as a general term for the midsection and not like "straight through the organ"
Lmao Donaldson is my hero. Threw the catcher off him and got their SP ejected.
I hope jomboy makes a video of this, I need to know what they said to each other
Nope, we're all pretty confused
Certainly weak as hell, but ngl it worked out pretty good for us
"Oh boy I cant wait to play my single A game today so I can develop my craft and hopefully one day make it to the majors, even if that is a long way away" "Hey kid Dallas Kuechal is pitching against us tonight" "What"
Two hours and not even halfway through lmao
Sorry guys, I didnt eat dinner. I'm trying to lose weight so I can suck my own dick
I've heard if you lose enough weight you can get an extra inch back, so hopefully I'll be at 2 inches when it's all said and done
It is.
tennuhsee
The Chad Dongaldson vs. The Virgin Pirates
WHATS GOING ON
Do you think after a game like this, the guys who hit a HR make a circle around the guys that didnt and make fun of them?
Lmao Rams
No step on snek
This Taki Crossaint guy seems good
He was born in CA right? So hes an American citizen. First ever President and PM
I just looked it up on wikipedia and hes got citizenship to both America and Canada. Pretty cool. I wonder if he gets double taxed
Sorry kois, but I've gotta go. I've got an exam tomorrow morning and I'm super close to graduating magna cum laude so I cant afford to pull a Dodgers here at the end.
No man, clearly by correcting someone, you're basically brock turner
MLB to Charlotte pls
Well kois, I bombed my midterm today, so magna cum laude is out. Atleast I can get drunk, and more importantly, see Mike Soroka pitch.
It's been like 2 days and God damn am I already sick of reddit's infatuation with Keanu Reeves
Hell yeah, thanks for the words of encouragement! Also, knock your next test out of the park, best of luck
According to the at bat app, Soroka is now tied with Ryu for the lowest ERA!
If there are no runs, Soroka qualifies and takes the ERA lead
I miss boiling springs. There was a cookout and Walmart 5 minutes away from each other
Lmao the old 5'8 ozzie stretch
Smart, home runs happen so often they're boring, sexy doubles and triples is where its at
Right
I have decided...that I want to die
Big double burger from cookout with fries and a beef quesadilla for the sides
If I was president, anyone who suggest the NL should have a DH would be shot on sight
150k
WOW I was very wrong
Beautiful
It makes me sad that non-braves fans will look at Josh's statline and assume hes average, while instead he's been a huge part of this team's success
Lots of catchers do so that it's easier for the pitchers to read signs
We need one that compares Bruce's statline to Acuñas
Tomorrow, then we're done for the year
Soroka used his future telling abilities to know they'd get 5 lucky ones. He said "fuck I'll have to use 10% of my power and knock in a 2 rbi hit to get the win"
I guess SK has different DUI laws. His Visa got revoked but that's about it
The pirates remind me of us when we were hovering below .500. Good, smart offense, and a terrible bullpen
I'd love it if Mike went full redneck and somehow picked up a strong Canadian accent
2 outs to go for the snakes.....
The nice stretch for the DP, a walk, and a hustle double. Ozzie having a great game
We are going to get curb stomped by Atlanta. They're on fire and angry about the first series of the year. They want blood and have only gotten better since that series. We are mentally weak as fuck and have gotten worse since then
Lmao of course. Fuck the Phillies
Could the right fielder that we paid 300 million for after only having one good season be overrated? No, it's the hitting coach who sucks
I cant help but feel like the pirates are going to fuck up Philadelphia BAD
Fair point. I feel like neither team wins the series 2-1, someone's getting swept
I've been subscribed to my favorite NFL team's subreddit, /r/Bengals for 5 years. I've been subbed to /r/braves for 3 months. I have 3 times as many upvotes on this subreddit lmao, this place rules
So on /r/NFL I have a Bengals flair so my name says blow me Steelers. Would it be funny to make an account called ss_blast_phils so it said assblast the phils?
Fuck I'm already kinda too drunk to follow. Pray for me so that I can see this one to the end boys
So who is your favorite player? Bonus points if you dont have 25 tied for first. I cant decide between ozzie and Freddie. I love how freddie stuck with us through the bad times so much, and continues to play at an all-star/MVP level. I also love Ozzie's personality, and that hes my height.
That sounds like a fantastic suggestion and I hate myself for not thinking of it myself
Dont even say that shit, I'll hate you forever if you speak Kelsey leaving into existence
Yeah, current. Not gonna lie, I'm a new fan (this year is my first of being super into baseball) and only really know chipper/andruw Jones, hammerin hank, maddux, glavine, and smoltz.
Yes, current
I gotta say, that's probably my top 5 as well.
Always haken
Horse shit ump
Nice lmao
Fuckin idiots said "ok let's walk Ronald and face dansby" FRICCIN MORONS
I LOVE OZZIE I LOVE AUSTIN AND I LOVE RONALD ACUÑA JR.
We are going to get curb stomped by Atlanta. They're on fire and angry about the first series of the year. They want blood and have only gotten better since that series. We are mentally weak as fuck and have gotten worse since then
Lmao stick a fork in musgrove, hes done
The go pirates girl because she might accidentally bump into me, and I haven't felt the touch of a woman in 3 years
Well shit, I was not aware of that lmao
Can I hang out in here? I know nothing about basketball but I hate Drake, so go Dubs
Are you serious? I live in SC and only the Braves are blacked out for me
Yeah, that's bizarre. Especially since I'm closer to Florida than you, but dont get those games blacked out
Mahomes is dead to me and all fellow good boys. No hunnie mussie is unacceptable
It really does, but I'm trying not to think about that
Ya just love to hear it
Lmao 98 mph Max is pumped for this start
RAINNNNNNN
CaMaRgO WoUlD HaVE 15 bY nOw
Imagine being a woman, carrying a baby around 9 months, go through 15 hours of labor, finally birth him, raise him for 18 years, spend countless hours loving him and taking care of him...and then he grows up to be a Phillies fan
Well that fucking sucks
If we can just hold this score until the pen, we have a great shot at winning
Named Acuña From Venezuela Hes obviously black
Reminder that a guy from Philadelphia licked horse shit after the eagles won the super bowl
My man Jake Delhomme got it and sucked afterwards. He sucked a year or two before though
HOLY FUCK I CANT BELIEVE IM NOT DREAMING WHAT I TEAM JESUS I LOVE THESE GUYS
GOD DAMN I LOVE THIS TEAM FUCK THE PHILLIES
MR 250. THATS IT. THATS THE NICKNAME
B-B-BUT....THEYRE INBREDS...WEAK SCHEDULE.....INBREDS....DUMB SOUTHERNERS
Unironically completely agree
We are going to get curb stomped by Atlanta. They're on fire and angry about the first series of the year. They want blood and have only gotten better since that series. We are mentally weak as fuck and have gotten worse since then
Lmao it's ok to lose a game bro, we cant all lead the division
#MENTALLY WEAK
Who you got? I've honestly got Ginn even with the age and JF3
Cause fuck him
Lmao nice one mr .250
You cant possibly change that, right?
Lmao wasted 330 million and a challenge on the bum
Lmao phillies
Jesus Bruce sucks
Holy fuck our bullpen is technically above average
The walk off was awesome. What a great moment. BUT I dont want another one, I want a save opportunity for Luke Jackson to complete his redemption arc
Absolute shit show, it's the one game thread for teams I'm not a fan of that I tune into every year.
Commit sudoku
Bummer. I like JT
If you guys arent familiar with JD Hammer, I'm excited for you. He looks like a hipster asshole and hes pretty shit too
WE GOOD FROM THE ERROR NOW JOSH. WE REAL GOOD
BOY DO I BET PHILLIES FANS HATED THAT CHOP
Look at this DOOOOOD
I unironically think itd be cool if JD pitched for us, just the name and look are so cheesy they're cool
Braves relievers who wear numbers in the 70's. Heroes.
I agree, although the numerous slurs in the middle were unnecessary
I dont come to these threads to get flexed on
Let's be honest. You've already got your mind up, dont you?
Fuckin gottem
Pity applause, like when your three year old that shits on the kitchen floor actually made it to the bathroom before shitting on the floor
Reminder that we got Swarzak for a guy with an expiring contract who is out for the year and Jesse fucking Biddle
Take this with a huge grain of salt, but someone on here said his dad tweeted the Newk is (relatively) ok
HES WARMING UP
Walk the next batter. Bases loaded, nobody out. 9 pitches, 3 outs. Ultimate redemption
Luke ain't it chief
I missed yesterday for work, could we do it again?
I say we abandon having a true closer position, go with whoever's is hot. Luke was hot, now he isnt. Let Sawrzak close until he goes cold, and if he does, switch to whoever is hot *lmao accidentally said dies instead of does
Braves heard me talking shit about not having a closer and told me to fuck right off, they dont need one
Call up AA and ask to join the Braves next year
Nose Haha I just typed nose with my nose! Esophagus
Major offense taken as a fellow 22 year old 5'8 babyfaced man
Lmao the bums wont get in over the Cubbies and Brew Crew
Lol imagine having a lineup where every player isnt hitting an above average OPS
Sure they could. If YouTube can control what goes on trending, then WWE should easily be able to
Yeah Fuck Jeremy Hill. Had one good year with us and absolutely sucked otherwise, cost us a playoff win (yes, I know it can be argued Jones and Burfict did, but they arent in that position if Hill doesnt fumble) and then trashes the team and fans. Not to mention the Bengals are the ones who actually gave him a chance after the whole statutory rape AND fight ordeals. Fuck him, hes my most hated player in the league, even more than big ben
Is max a two pitch pitcher? Maybe I'm just not observant, but it really looks like only curves and fastballs. And he throws a slider less than a minute later lol
Got them right where we want them, if he steals home, Bmac throws him out easily
Exactly, he throws them out from the bench
Really glad we arent facing the Nats and Scherzer tonight. He might murder a phillie tonight
I'm assuming you cant, but can just a regular dude use it?
21 before the all star break.....jesus
RIP. Although I am in school to be a paralegal, maybe I'll get to use it one day
I'm starting to think Josh appealed the suspension and they just sort of forgot. Certainly not complaining though
I've got some bad news friend
Nope, Phillies are ice cold and the Nats are heating up
Thanks! I graduate in December and I'm super excited. Sure hope I get to work with an attorney who is a Braves fan!
Honestly, I'm not sure yet. I feel sort of unprepared to just jump right in, so after I graduate I'll be looking for an internship close to home, and just kind of see where it goes from there.
That's so great to hear, I know lots of my friends in other fields are having a rough time at finding a job. It would be such a relief to have a short job search.
For sure! Right now I'm in upstate SC, so maybe I can make my way to the coast one day. Thanks for the well-wishes!
Fried will hit a homer one day, and its gonna be incredible
That picture REALLY gives me hope for the future
I got Ron Howard mixed up with Ron Perlman and got very confused
Uh yeah...me too....haha only hall of fame difficulty for me....
GOATS ARE ALL I SEE
Lmao nice challenge
Hell of a start Max. Let's get the lead and get him the win
Gotta love it when my flair is relevant
Friday my man
IMBECILES. YOU FOOLS.
Nobody, we win 16-2
22
It makes me happy to see Josh happy. Obviously I dont know the man, but he seems like a grizzled dude who doesnt take any shit. Love seeing him smile at dingers and have fun with dansby
Not saying I dont appreciate the people who update NL East scores here, because I do, but wouldnt it be great if around August nobody does because we're so far ahead it wont even matter? Edit: I take it back, I would indeed like to see more Philadelphia suffering.
What's the most fun position to play on RTTS? I've got a closer and speedy 2nd baseman that are fun. I've been thinking about making a RF who just straight up hoses dudes at home
Even his days off are professional
Basically he thought it was cool and gave himself the nickname lol. It's from the TV show Spartacus. Not too much to know really, but there ya go
We're fucked today guys, we called up a guy to start who only had TWO outings in AA?
What's happening with the bot Mom come pick me up I'm scared
I missed the Riley bomb cause I was taking care of my sick dog :/ oh well
Happy for Zion, I worked with a guy who worked as a real estate agent on the side and did work with Zion's mom and stepdad. He got to meet Zion a few times and said hes a real genuine dude
Disagree, I want them to keep their staff forever
Ozzie is having a really bad game
It was an incredible play, but if he hadnt started to turn halfway down the base path, he would've been safe.
I love Ozzie! Rough game tonight, but he'll get it together
How is the Nats bullpen? I feel like I saw on r/baseball they're hot lately, but that may have been another team
What?
Tough night being an Ozzie fan too lol
Dont turn on DK already guys, his first start back and the defense hasnt been great tonight
Sorry guys, but its over. Didnt you hear about the run 1 mercy rule?
I gotta say, it does bug me that we've had a pretty good defense, and on DK's first start, they have their worst outing of the year (to my knowledge) . But, a couple runs from us and it wont matter anyway
Get fucked trea
A quote from the TV show Spartacus. He liked it, and made it his nickname
I'm filled with dread, yet caution optimism
Touki really confuses me
Lol if I'm a Nats fan, I'm absolutely devastated after that
Lmao how is that real, I think that went up after his homer off Ureña like 2 weeks ago and it's still there
Guys, go Google "owners of Miami marlins" right now. Seriously, you won't regret it
That's true, I sometimes forget because I'm pretty much always devastated
Between Joyce and Kulberson, we have the best bench in baseball
Is that what it's like to play against Freddie? Cause I hate it
Best beard was was either A-Rod or Jeter
That's true, never forget his start with the beard. RIP.
Could really use a professional knock here
I highly highly doubt it, but theres always a chance
Yeah, sucks we lost, but shit happens. Still a good team we have.
Nobody is above the law!!!! Uhhh except those illegal immigrants
Is our bullpen.......good?
I disagree, it wouldnt matter what race he was as long as he was a Republican, he would still be hated.
Are you fucking serious? I wasnt expecting a super bowl or anything, but atleast the team looked alright on paper. I'm completely up for a full on tank this year. Too bad if we get the number 1 pick, he'll just randomly get vaporized or some shit apparently.
Oh boy, the tank for trevor movement starts a year early I guess
Super excited to watch tonight. I tried CBD for the first time, and what do you know, my leg pain is gone. I feel a Braves win tonight
Lmao what is it with this dude and hitting leadoff Fun status: Let's having some 🤘🤘😈😈
Yeah it fits me tbh
So people that saw last season: how was it? I love in SC and the Panthers are me 2nd team, would it be worth getting prime for a month to binge it?
It's that good? Wow, I saw the 2nd Bengals season and loved it
So is there a particular reason Dallas' parents didnt name him Michael?
My God, Dallas with this infield is a cheat code
Shout out to the dude who said he was turning the game off
Ozzie hates the Cubs more than I hate my bitch ex wife
Sucks the Phils are winning, but the Mets' implosion has been fun to watch
C'mon man dont make me downvote another Braves fan
Boo mets, mets suck
Why do we keep getting umps that shit
What the fuck is a sacrifice fly, and why are they so stupid? -Austin Riley
TIL the Mets traded Swarzak to the Mariners for him. Thanks Mets!
I'm certainly no expert, but the expert opinions I've seen from others seem to be "hell if I know, maybe change of scenery?"
If somehow Swarzak fucks up one game in the future, I suggest banning anyone who criticizes him
F
0
I'm sad Josh will most likely be gone next year, I really like him and am going to miss him
Fucking wild, I think this is 3 for Atlanta. Hope the dude is alright
How is it? I'm intrigued by AEW and plan on watching it on TNT but I really dont like the Elite
Lmao jesus these Mets fans are bipolar
Even if he gets a blown save, itd be hard for me to pin this on him unless he melts down
SLIDER MAN
ONE MORE LUKE
You and the Bravos got the last laugh my friend
You held a conversation with a bot. You basically talked to a brick wall. L.
I'm fucking outraged
Well, that explains all the speeding tickets I get in the UK and nowhere else
Damn. Hope the guy can pull through, I know hes pretty memeable with his million nicknames, but he seems like a good dude
What's an owner? I only know what a governor of a sports team is
What a coincidence, I think I run 2.39 mph
Xfl "star"
Sir, this is an NFL sub....oh wait......uh carry on I guess
Hey man, us 30 Bengals fans care about the Bills game
Trevor looks weird, but hes hot
Stop tweeting Joey, you look like a fucking idiot
Bro you gotta see a doctor
I want Braun to split him like a coconut
Jesus christ, I never thought that Trevone Boykin would be a guy where I've lost count of all his arrests
Crazy, wasnt it? Absolutely no trouble (that I know of atleast) until the night before his last game, and then he proceeds to crazy
I swear, some people think Cam won MVP by rushing for 3000 yards and 50 touchdowns, the dude can sling it
Swing and a miss, they JUST made the exact same joke a few days ago
What better way to test out my new lights, than by repping my favorite playoff team? https://i.imgur.com/B05KTwZ.jpg
Ew gross, jello
He didnt do that either though
I'm sure Tom Brady will have his mouthpiece during his game
You telling me a defense isnt "historically" great because the beat up on the Jets, Giants, and Dolphins?
Give ball to henry Wow I'm overqualified for the Titans OC job
Henry man good
Same bro
Not saying all do, but steroids and hgh can change your jaw shape
3eexxo served all of us
The man is actually cursed
Is this shopped? If not, holy fuck
Say you hope scarlett Johansson spits on me
Sucks, but you kinda deserve it for being subscribed to whatculture
Look at those pecs, jericho is juicing too
Big L for the people who forgot how fast football is played, Speedhawk could learn you guys a thing or two
I'm a raw jellybean man myself
On reddit, anything right of socialist is a fascist
Y'all mfs better show respect for the man that got brady hoke fired
Bandwagoners. If they cant handle us when we're 2-14, I dont want to see them flaunting their fandom when we go 5-11 next year.
I'm not sure, a running game clock is going to speed things up pretty quickly
Was he? I thought he got concussed and Brady put him in
Oh shit, I really thought it was Ruddock. RIP me
Cam gone (please not actually)
"Hey coach, I'm real excited to hit the fie-" "Get the fuck out of my office"
Yeah, I'm grateful Marvin got us out of the awful 3-13 years, but he clearly stopped giving a shit his last 3 or 4 years, and I'm not sad at all hes gone.
Exactly my sentiments, I'm happy with anyone now
Marion Barber's TD run was the most meaningful because he did a front flip celebration and landed on his head
Bro who fucked up and created a recruit instead of letting the CPU auto generate them
Nolan Arenado
Have you ever heard of the chicago bears
Do it Browns. Hire McDaniels
Yeah, the Bengals went 2-14 for the worst record in the league and still somehow arent the laughingstock of the division
Damn, how could the offseason super bowl winners lose to such a pitiful team
He wanted to personally let Joe know that we're going Jalen Hurts at number 1
Wow that's hideous
I'm a soldier, I dont give a hell
Anyone tried bud light seltzer? I know people will rag on it, but I'm interested in hearing how it is from someone who has actually tried it
I want a giant FLY EMIRATES on the front
Pats fans have moved on to their Lakers
Boy am I glad people post wrestling content on a wrestling message board.
Incel Baltimore receivers vs Chad Titan receivers
The fucking browns somehow
We should zoom in and see if someone broke a bone
In 1999 I was still sucking my moms tits. Damn 7th grade was awesome
My pick is Enzo
Derrick henry
Theres 6'4 250 pound sweaty slab of rock hard beefcake in front of you and you're NOT gonna slap it?
Is spinal stenosis just something that isnt as bad as once thought? Between Edge likely coming back, Paige possibly, and Sheamus never retiring, it seems as if it really isnt as big of a deal as I thought.
Decapitated, whole big thing
Bro link me
Wait did I fucking miss bigfan?
Well shit, I'm out of ideas
I mean, I think Lincoln might be a bit overrated, but the worst?
Not at all, he was incredibly average. Best is usually considered Washington or Lincoln among most people, Reagan among Republicans and FDR among Democrats
That's a good one, kind of embarassed I forgot about him.
I'm not sure that's possible
It's been fantastic, I'm sure the saints and the pats especially getting bounced their first game helps
Getting pick number 1 and then seeing those LSU games....it unironically feels good to be a Bengals fan
Yeah, I honestly probably undersold it. Every game could be 100-0 and I still would've loved this postseason lol
Todd Sauerbun actually being named Todd Sauerbrun Mercedes Lewis actually being named Marcedes Lewis
Thank christ
This is just weird
No dude, he had a bug on his head
I dont think they did at the time, which is pretty shitty of cam
8888
Rough couple weeks
I mean, Max is pretty good and Soroka is a God, so 2/5 ain't awful I guess?
Hes a prophet
Ah, fair enough. It really does feel like prospects are a complete crapshoot
What the fuck I literally JUST bought his jersey
MJF: Hey, you know that thing you like? Fans: Yeah, it's pretty cool I guess MJF: Well it sucks GOAT heel
I was just fucking around lmao. I am seriously considering getting knockoff chinese Hechavarria jersey though
Booger
I'm fairly new to baseball as this is only my 2nd season flowing, but why is everyone so high on Pache? Just by reading this, he seems like a slightly faster Ender Inciarte with a bigger arm.
Bro this is absolute gold, please save this so when the mods delete it, you can post it in the offseason
You couldve picked Deshaun getting kicked in the face and still throwing a touchdown. But no. You picked the cheater.
Cool hair
In the same way my girlfriend is "real"
How does ones asshole look like that. Sasha Grey's asshole isnt even that stretched
16-0
Just throw him out and take away the stairs
I'm sure this defense would work if I tried it
Thanks, I stole the idea from /u/Engals
Is this a legitimate legal defense? Cause that's a baller move
Pat Mahomes was the one guy on Tech I didnt hate. I thought he had a chance to be good, but never This good
Mke trut
Excuse me
smh my man was worrying about the wrong banging
Christian Sackenburg
Howdy, what time is the actual men's Rumble match expected to start? I want to set me a reminder
Ok, thanks! I guess I'll just have to watch passively and keep a look out for it
I havent watched WWE in 2 years so that I'll truly be shocked at whoever wins this
Well I'm from South Carolina, so Deshaun or whoever drafts Trevor Lawrence
I'm pretty sure Kurt Warner did at least sometimes. I wanna say Peyton has done it too
So I have mlb.tv, will I be able to watch lots of spring training for both the Braves and other teams?
Ok, I got it last year so I should be good. That's a bummer about not all being televised though, I hope I can atleast watch 1 game a day
Wow I cant stand this guy or the cop. Fucking garbage, none of us reading this would get anywhere near the same treatment
I trust you more than me, I admittedly know nothing about the Lions and am a sucker for hot takes such as "Lions dont want Stafford anymore" that C-tier reporters give
Fuck it, thatd be cool. Probably not smart, but certainly cool
Uh oh
Nick Goings, Richard Marshall, Na'il Diggs, Drew Carter (for potential only) and Jeff King (got a signed glove from him)
Let's tone it back a little there chief
If anyone tanks, itll be for Trevor Lawrence. Outside of a major injury, huge scandal, or throwing like 30 picks, hes going number 1.
What in the fuck 5 unearned runs in two innings
My dude. Today was the first day I havent cried since Josh left, and now you've done this.
That's true, I completely forgot about an error on 2 outs making all other runs unearned. Still a kinda funny statline
Sort of agree, I love baseball's process in theory, but there a decent bit of writers I cant fucking stand. It was awful this year with multiple guys voting for only Jeter and nobody else. I also shudder at the thought of colin cowherd or skip bayless having a vote
I'm playing on veteran because I'm a pussy, and I'm noticing no real difference in stamina. Maxing out power has made my strikeout stuff great though, my k/9 has gone from like 9 to 11.5
Well holy shit, I had no idea that was a thing. Thanks for the info!
Bengals 2019: Beating the Browns lmao
Yeah I did, despite the Bengals being the worst team in the NFL, the most memorable part of the year was them beating the offseason super bowl champs.
Man I love Chase
Emplemon's "There will never ever be a driver like Dale Earnhardt again" is my favorite video of all time. Yes, that includes movies and tv shows.
I'm at 50 and it's happened once to me with a below a stage fielding 1b
Man, Napoleon is one of those guys who will always be associated with one particular incident, no matter what he did in his career. EDIT: Sorry guys, I have a rare disease that causes me to mix up people named Napolean
Angela corrected the spotter. Currently checking the skies to see if they split and I hear 7 horns
My queen, I simp for her
How can a spotter just leave? I thought you had to have a spotter even if you're the only one on the track
Ah fuck, I'm rarted
I just checked Angela's instagram for the memes, and I wanna thank you guys for teaching me about her
When it comes to Angela, call me Homer, cause I'm a Simp, son.
Jackwad
Who the fuck is this jackwad messing with my queen, I'll fuck him up 😤😤😤💪
00 spotter could tell me Mr Rogers is a jackwad, and I'd believe him
Fuck riley herbst, all my homies hate riley herbst
John John Edward Burton Edward Burton
😍😍
Wait, Blaney lost spots on pit road?? I am SHOCKED
Son of a BITCH blaney was looking good too
Fuck. Really thought we had a playoff point there
Fuck Dennis, all my homies hate Dennis
Holy shit he caught dennis
Boring, kinda whiny, kind of a dick basically. Also wins a lot
2020 WILD LFG BLANEY BOYS
Is ultimate tag good? It doesnt look good, but it's on hulu and I've got the whole week off with nothing to do
Interesting, I may have to check it out
Ricky stenhouse is kinda my hero
Penske train OP as fuck
Fml
!spin
Blaney Boys Back 2 Back
Brian France (not the man pictured) did more to damage NASCAR than anyone else. Luckily, this year has been pretty good
Salt Lake City Stormin' Mormons
Tired of these bullshit articles pushing the narrative that some shitty man made lights are brighter than the sun. Oh, your light produces 30 thousand lumens? Well the sun produces light with fucking NUCLEAR FISSION
Who am I supposed to simp for now?
1st pit stall, starting p2. Blaney Boys Back to Back is looking more realistic
Wait, are the Browns not good?
Beautiful, dreamy, thoughtful
Subscribe
Hey guys, what's your favorite oval track? Mine is Poco-aw fuck
Huh, TIL. Wish the commentators would mention that
He'd have to stop like 9 times to get out and pray, no way he'd win
Damn, I had Houff 1-6 in my pick six, no 110k for me
Thanks for the cool BTS stuff!
Damn, that wasnt even RWR's fault
Mike Trout, literally all you need to know
Can anyone confirm if the 12 team fixed the splitter problem on their pit stop?
Tell Garrett he made me a fan after his video with JonTron!
If I'm 500k short of being competitive, and Al Qaeda comes up to me with a 500k check......
Yikes
My will to live was a solid 0 but I think this race has made it go negative
THE MACHINE KNOWS DWIGHT
BUBBALUBBATUBTUB
Alex Labbe squad, where the rest of yall at?
Told my crush I thought shes cute, wish me luck boys
P damn big
To my bros wishing me good luck about telling my crush shes cute. She said "awww thanks!" So uh....mission....delayed? I'm not sure tbh
The curves on the car are damn sexy, makes me wanna break into his garage and hold his car's hand
Spaghet!
Bad
Thanks bro, I'll get there one day
