Every time John Stirling says giolito I want to die
I like when the Sox score a lot of points and keep the team they're playing from scoring as many points.
I like bachmann Turner overdrive
Appeal down to the third base ump who says "it's fucking raining and 10-1"
I know Ricky played shortstop, but he gets to third base with every pitcher he takes out of the game.
My mother is visiting from Florida. We are watching the game and she has mentioned how cute james mcann is twice. Three times less than me.
Only team in baseball to be .500
What did you do Rey?
We weren't going to have one either way unless tonight was rained out.
I don't have a Reddit degree in sabermetrics like all of you do, but I can tell you that the Yanks are 4-0 in these Chad Green "openers" They are 1-3 in the game after using the opener. Not sure how facing despaigne factors in to the equation.
Hold them to six
Memories of El duque.
New favorite person on this Reddit.
Am I the only one calling this dude despacito?
These people love Jason because he's not hawk. They kill me for being critical.
I just hope that despacito and giolito don't steal cy young votes away from each other.
I'm throwing up in my mouth.
My life hurts.
I wouldn't mind the bunting if anyone on the team were a good bunter. Obviously in hindsight a squeeze there would have been much more valuable than an inning ending dp, but the Sox haven't had a good bunter in a decade. Doesn't stop them from trying.
With the infield in dp depth there and Sanchez and Cordell due up there is a much better chance for an inning ending double play than a big inning. A below average bunt scores a run. Problem is neither Sanchez has never proven to be able to get a bunt down. Castillo fucked the Sox that inning.
One of those deals that never happens?
Moncada got down last year and didn't swing at all
Not sure if I have confidence in despacito on the playoffs roster. Seems like a fun dude though.
That is why scouting is important. Im not sure whether he was untouchable in 17 but the white Sox liked Blake rutherford more in the Robertson / kahnle trade.
My job isn't to have foresight. MLB execs and scouts are paid to do stuff like that.
Not my point. Sorry. Just saying that I hate the hindsight excuse. I do think that more was available at the time, but Sox really wanted to get Frazier off the books.
1 million = million 2 million = millions. Pretty accurate
Do you run around saying lol? I would assume more people with a net worth of 2.000001 MM refer to themselves as multimillionaires than those with value of 999.99999 MM This isn't a political sentiment. 2 million dollars is millions of dollars. That's how the language works. It's like on June 1st, you refer to yesterday as last month. Anything you imply is your own personal hubris.
You don't have to click on anything. People who have that much money don't give a shit what you call them.
Tuesday
asking a lot out of Eloy.
Hit the ball so hard it knocked strops hat straight.
Just listen to the night watchmen stuff he did. You'll be glad he's wearing a Cubs hat.
Possibilities I've come up with after looking at the lineup: 1. John Lester will be throwing right handed tonight 2. Yoan Moncada will not switch hit tonight 3. Yoan Moncada will either bunt or try to walk just by standing completely still in the right handed batter's box 4. Yoan Moncada's back has made an amazing recovery and he's completely limit free.
The most recognizable person on the island?
Fire coop.
I might vote for trump after reading this garbage. Jk I don't vote.
Umm... I'll just take a knock.
Dear Jason benetti, It's the home plate umps call. Stop complaining.
Dear you, I'm talking about the yolmer fair/foul. Jason wants everything on replay. Xoxo
Timmy has to know the game a little bit better than that.
https://www.mlsstore.com/chicago-fire/mens-chicago-fire-new-era-navy-on-field-9fifty-adjustable-snapback-hat/t-47123464+p-1468409833052+z-9-281427244?_ref=p-TLP:m-TSC:i-r0c8
I did.
What did you do Rey?
When? Game five against the astros?
ERA is a useless stat. Evan Marshall has been way better than 0.00 would imply.
You cannot add two averages together and get a useful stat. Especially when both averages have common elements. The most useful thing to do with OPS is ignore it.
Well. It's okay if you do it.
Congratulations over bettors
Not sure if despacito is part of our contention window.
What I've learned over the last two nights is Nomar Mazara is my favorite baseball player and despacito is my least favorite.
If Hector Santiago and Despacito pitched simultaneously to the same batter from the same mound, they would have 6 ERA.
Uno's ay? This is a bad post
I've seen Barry bonds play. Mazara is better.
Just keep it in the park, yolmer will throw you out.
Isn't Michael Phelps the Michael Phelps of marijuana?
Thank you Yonder!
In an alternate universe, Manny Machado married Nomar mazaro's sister and we all are making plans for the world series.
Mine is much more poetic.
Bro code doesn't apply to Pennsylvania barber shops.
What if you own a brothel?
Now Pao knows how we feel having to listen to ber.
James McCann has made Collins trade available in my mind. If the right MLB ready pitching is in play and the Sox are serious about committing to abreu.
Pito needs to cut down on the smokeless tobacco
If yonder Alonso is a career .230 hitter, imagine the second half he will have.
Exactly
Benetti, The wave started in Washington at Huskies games.
Eloys kind of an "outfielder"
I would like to see yo yo get a knock here.
He should have just watched him warm up and not looked at YouTube.
This ball game is ova
This ball game is ova
South Korea is the good one right?
Ronald, Bet you don't watch porn tonight.
I hope that Ronald and Tiffany work out. This way we don't have to put up with Daniel's eleven state murder spree in a couple of years.
I would like to see Alexei replaced with a polar bear for this next segment. Id like to see the Dynamic between Loren and a hypercarnivorous beast in a confined space
Pao can deal with Russ she can deal with the pain.
On a scale from one to Osama Loren is a twelve
Maybe my grasp of the English language isn't very strong but if the accusation is disgusting and it's a proportional response, then the response is probably disgusting.
Not exactly. I see Dr Phil as David with a home.
We are a AA team again.
I just don't think you should mess with leury right now. I know his versatility is a huge reason he's on the team, but he's been much more than just a super-utulity player for the Sox this year. Don't get in his head. If they can somehow fenagle the 40 to include alcides Escobar, I think that would be the most seamless exchange. However, it might be difficult to achieve with a rotation in absolute shambles and two 1b/DH, one of whom should be 1b/DFA.
They lost. Bernie Mac sang take me out to the ball game of game six of the nlcs. I personally appreciate our deep cover operatives.
good news is that we can get someone in from Charlotte by the bottom of the fourth inning.
What did you do Rey?
We traded for Alonso to attract Jon jay in free agency.
What did you do Rey? Pull him right now.
Can you ask yourself multiple questions in a single comment? Yes.
could have let Bummer bunt for himself with a runner on third in the eighth especially since he was only going to let fry pitch to one batter in the bottom half. The knuckle ball might be tougher to bunt for position players, but maybe easier for a pitcher. I don't know- it just seems like cascading bad decisions with personnel. 7-4 feels a lot better than 6-4.
0d chess with neither of your high leverage lefties in the bullpen.
my tee ball coach: "Play's at first infield"
Someone answer a question for me, I have it on mute in my office and I don't think [mlb.com](https://mlb.com) is right- hwo's currently playing LF?
Safe at second?
Did Tilson get hurt?
Oh- I just assumed that it was defensive for Eloy and tilson moved to left after Jimenez struck out.
just saved ricky from DFA himself
Hawk's somewhere turning vodka into urine saying, "the more pitches you see the more dangerous you become."
Not a save opp.
"Not delivering the results that kids needs. " Perfect example of a failing education system.
They ask the girl in purple more questions than the rest of the debators.
so the moderator is preaching now?
You understand you're running against a candidate who wants to "Make America Great Again" &amp;#x200B; Speaking spanish throughout your entire debate is only going to make them stronger. This is the dumbest debate and probably the dumbest party in the history of politics. And it's going to lose twice to Donald Trump which is unforgivable.
We will hear from everyone! Then they immediately talk to Warren.
I think I saw Wilco here in 2010.
Literally.
I did what I could to upvote this.
A graduate from an Ivy League school would know to use the subjunctive mood in that first sentence. &amp;#x200B; Even if he WERE a graduate of an Ivy League school. &amp;#x200B; I don't think that the access to education or even the desire to pursue a elite university is the true sign of a person's intelligence. People are smart in their own, unique way and there is no real easy way to standardize intelligence in the real world. &amp;#x200B; He was smart enough to manipulate a person to moving him into the richest country in the planet where opportunities to eff broads in tattoo shops abound. Who cares if he has an Ivy League degree or not? Just because a person goes to Brown, Columbia, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn (like our president), Princeton or Yale doesn't make a person smart.
Most likely to, bro.
"husband" &amp;#x200B; yeah... right!
&gt; I figured that this was the perfect day to indoctrinate the little kid into Sox fandom until they inevitably move to the north burbs in a few years Mrs. Deeds was my sixth grade language-arts teacher. it's because of her, I almost had a heart attack. The only plural noun in this sentence is Sox. I understand you're talking about your nephew here and his family and that THEY are THEY, but i had to do a reread. I thought what you meant was that THEY, the Sox, were moving to the north burbs inevitably.
The dude with the sharpie writing all the names on the lineup card is going to be a curvy Mexican American dude called Richard renteria.
Literally? Just saying for a minute that I thought the Sox were moving to the north suburbs. Literally. Literally. Literally.
Bulls should sign Frank The Tank if they are required to "bring home" one player a year. Probably get him cheap and he's much funnier than Parker Wade Beverly combined
Literally.
my vocabulary is dozens of words. literally dozens.
From my perspective, it's connections and networking. If you can take advantage of the MBA and get funneled into a nice job or leadership program then I would say go for it. The education is pretty generic if you've spent any time in the business world.
I do know a lot of people who were able to take advantage of the program through internships and career services. You just have to be the right type of person. I'm a little introverted and academic and it was difficult for me to change my ways to take full advantage. But if you're the right age and the right personality type you could really take advantage
Just on pure comedic contributions
Way to try to make the sox look like the bad guy. they still promoted his event. the event will still happen. they will still raise money. i don't like the way he framed a baseball decision.
She's paraphrasing?
Rachel maddow is wearing the same thing as yesterday. Feaux pas
No one actually killed him, yes?
Dahlquist signed 15 minutes ago. I don't know how to do those eye ball emojis. 👀👀 Did that work?
hoooofah &amp;#x200B; drop the puck, let's see what happens.
People are acting like he only had 38 hits!
Loren, How do you really feel about Chantal?
And the area code for Chicago is 312!
Jon Rauch on elliptical ready to make a comeback
If he brings Reynaldo Lopez to pitch, he'd win going away
Go to sleep bro.
No one should doubt and no one should believe. He gets an incomplete for season one. And it might take a couple of years for such a young player to get comfortable. We should all be neutral and see what he puts out there.
There's a fine line between aggression and getting thrown out that third with two outs.
Right handed yo yo has been very fun to watch lately.
What's the forecast?
Would have
You're not going to get the credit you deserve.
I just watched this. Pace keeps talking about the peaks and the inconsistencies. The peaks are the inconsistencies, bro.
We're prepping for another offseason of overemphasizing one position upgrade when there are glaring deficiencies pretty much everywhere.
You forgot the most important position: TL/DR
Blocking people is evidently in the pff algorithm.
The disappearance of the middle class and the growing polarization of global economics and politics.
Once again Jerry reinsdorfs cheapness is killing this team.
With that kind of money he can buy some thicker skin.
Robert will be patrolling center field in front of Billy Pierce's beautiful face. Pierce wore jersey #19. 88-19 = 69.
Father's family supports the Sox. Mother's supported the Cubs. My dad had season tickets to the Sox and my first year going with him was 83. The next year my mother's father told me he would take me to the world series if the Cubs got there. That was the night Steve Garvey hit the home run. I took that as a sign.
So when we're 82-0 in early July we can pop the champagne?
We should have a safe word for those of us who have been around for a while to discern ourselves from the pending hordes. My vote is for "brocktoon"
this is an audition tape for Chase. He's just shitting out innocuous coach speak so that he may end up at one of the sports networks. His run in the NFL as a player is all but over.
Welcome aboard. You'll want to, but remember it's dangerous to mix depressants and hard alcohol. I recommend start with Xanax early in the morning to get you through the day. Have a BIG lunch. If you still need to take the edge off here's where you can take a small, responsible amount of Percocet or oxy. Exercise. Preferably inside. Then you should be ready to start with the grain alcohol until you just sort of blackout. Repeat.
He can do good. Like volunteer at a homeless shelter or help an old lady cross the street. He cannot do well, unfortunately.
Tarik Cohen needs 40 touches a game
Where is Zimmer from?
Huh. Didn't know that.
It was his own personal club dub
Cheap ass reinsdorf.
Defense is what you do in between missed three point attempts.
Favre and bledsoe did very little if nothing to help Rodgers and Brady.
Bears
No
They're obsessed because they've been programmed by the front office. Bears paid a dude 6 million dollars this season to be trubiskys cleaning lady. I can understand year one with sanchize, but after that you need to take the bumpers off the lane and swim in the deep end. Three years of a nanny is two too many.
Thad got a rebound. Dribbled down court and zero people moved. There was no offense whatsoever.
Little rust for Hutchinson. By a little in mean a lot.
With four minutes left in the second quarter the bulls had attempted two three point shots. They had taken a three point lead and I was happy. In the last three minutes they took six three pointers made just one and trail by five at half time. They are so much more fun to watch getting the ball to the basket.
No
Why does a seven foot dude running full speed at the basket throw the ball to shaq in the corner?
Obvious to whom?
Cheap ass reinsdorf
Mitch requires a personal coach and two backup quarterbacks whose only responsibility is to change his diaper in the meeting room in order for him to be one of the worst qb in the league.
Because I'm stupid.
How many of those have been with the actual Chris chelios?
No.
Anyone remember Zach burdis last meaningful pitch?
They remember everything though. I'm talking about the walkoff in the super regional to Long Beach state
Was just thinking about that today in a moment of clarity. The two qb who looked best vs Florida this year were the guy who's probably going first overall and Perkins. Pace wont like him though. Too many starts in the ACC.
He's a restricted free agent and the bears can't tie up their money for any amount of time.
I've said many times he's the fifth best four letter named pass rusher in the NFL.
He's not to be compared to other bears gms but rather the executives he competes against. To say that he's good because he's better than what they had previously is the wrong way to look at it.
Retaliatory?
When I was 12, i knew who Jim brown was.
I think this is the correct answer.
If these stats are valid, and they're not, he's a better defender than rajon rondo and Ben Simmons. Statistical improvements like this can be achieved without actually improving the factor the statistic measures. This isn't unique in sports but also in business, education, government etc. Teachers might be evaluated on test scores of their students, so they dedicate their effort to specific aspects of the test they deem the easiest to improve so that they can demonstrate success during evaluation. Test scores might go up, but they're still graduating a bunch of idiots. This phenomenon is quite evident in this sub. The same thing is happening with boylen and his pupils. .
Exactly. I also knew who Richard Dawson was even though I grew up on Ray Combs.
This is almost great!
This would be what I would wear to interviews and funerals.
Start the season on a 69 game win streak.
I had him take this off of his social media for using my body and superimposing his head.
They will play at least one more game than they did last year.
Hutchinson &lt; Parsons &lt; Bing
No. It's all boylen's fault.
I refuse to conform.
There's no mentoring a fourth year quarterback with 41 starts and the league's stupidest beard.
His strategy to miss free throws is maddening.
It's no one.
Excises? Don't you mean exorcises? You can excise a brain tumor, but you usually exorcise an evil spirit.
Imagine removing one clown from an organization chock full of clowns will solve anything.
Zach lavine is a fine player but not a guy who you can build around. He needs to get a lot of help from a superstar.
Just don't see Robert leading off in his first major league game. Probably start Leury at 2b and lead him off? let robert get comfortable- let him hit 1.000 with 6 home runs in the first week and then move him up.
No need for camo if you're invisible.
Jerry/Ujiri has a nice ring to it.
Id say the ligue family before drake.
Mike Redman vs Tom Glavine
Sounds like a fake name
This should be the markkanen lineup to provide scoring when Zach needs a breather. But instead it's a 19 yo rookie.
What can you do though? He's not going to take shots or move.
I don't blame boylen one bit. Markkanen refuses to participate
Zach would be worlds better and more consistent if Lauri Markkanen wasnt completely useless.
I'm sure of it. At least 10 maybe as many as twelve more times
just a quick reminder under normal circumstances it is not appropriate to follow 14-year old boys very closely. I learned that the hard way.
Update: I read the documentation and figured it out.
Hi Zach!
I really hope you didn't spend too much time on this
If it were an actual crapshoot and I saw pace and Lucas walk up with the dice in their hands, id bet the don't pass line hard.
You can't spell Chandler Hutchinson without Windy City Bulls.
Marquise Williams might start for the new York team. Mitchell might still be good enough to back him up.
I'm not Mitchell. It's not self deprecating. People who supposedly lol usually have zero sense of humor.
Hironis Grasu is such a miss he couldn't even find this list. Jordan Howard should be a not proven player since currently he's worth a 5/6 pick who will probably be put on practice squad or cut next year.
No. Nice player. Doesn't change the game.
La canfora is Spanish for the Canfora
At the very least tarred and feathered.
Does it matter? It's trubisky. He gets four games to not look like a sixth grader.
Probably because there are more than ten receivers better than he is.
Cool name.
I hear the word perfect 5000x/day. You can go to KFC order a family bucket... Perfect. What two sides? Corn on the cob. Perfect. Mashed potatoes and gravy? Perfect. Thatll be 10.95 will that be cash or credit? Cash? Perfect. There's no way perfect is as impactful as said chart.
Your statistical analysis is faulty. You're saying that you don't hear it used that way. I'm saying i do. Your data set is two and you're calling one observation an outlier? Another overused word is outlier.
Their.
Midnight express
Is there a similar protest going on outside Ukraine airlines headquarters for allowing this flight to stay on schedule?
Find a different sister who won't cancel the wedding
She's got those god given airbags tho.
He has seventeen brothers and sisters. He's not one of seventeen brothers and sisters. He plus seventeen brothers and sisters is eighteen. Which is nine incestuous couples.
It costs me $3.99/mo to read this subreddit
I mean I pay for the site so I dont care. Keep doing what you feel is best. God has a plan for all of us.
If I'm not mistaken this film is about the operation alberich which took place in the early part of 17. Sox would win 7 months later. It would be like a film about the assassination of soulemani including a scene about the white Sox 2020 championship/Louis Robert MVP. There should have been some conversation about Zips projections on buck weaver being too modest or a meme about pants Rowland bunting too frequently.
Done. Save me 30 bucks.
I have to drag my wife to it and explain who everyone is.
His threes are just like my threes.
the bulls will shoot 50 threes tonight.
Faedo?
Hate to be the grandad here but it's 11:31 ET and this game isn't 75% over.
Four hours Twenty minutes and 69 seconds.
Burrow wasting his time with NFL draft. He should be the next peloton girl.
Dabo thought that was legal?
Totally different. Except exactly the same.
Most likely something
Don't you dare use stats or offer any rational reasoning. Lauri is Dirk. Probably better.
It's a double edged sword. He needs this team to put to these kinds of numbers. A team with no second option. If he were to get help his numbers would take a serious hit. I think he's been great offensively and really the only reason they stay in games, but he doesn't make any one on the team better and really isn't in that kind of a system where he can make anyone better. He's this kind of player on this kind of team. I don't know how dominant he'd be surrounded by a bunch of talent. Stats are kind of empty: they're 1-6 in those seven games.
I don't have an agenda. If he were a great player I'd be the biggest fan. He's not. So I'm not.
They did tank. They got the third pick of the draft so that they could get a quarterback. They had the pick of the litter and picked actual Kitty litter.
I really don't even mind the teams in the division that much besides the Packers. There's too many good players in the league to hate a lot of teams. So, id say the Packers and the Packers.
Do you take requests?
I don't trust the source. I'll wait till the athletic reports it
You have me all wrong. Nothing would make me happier than him to be baby Dirk. I am the biggest bulls fan you could imagine. When they're good I'll say they're good. When they're bad re: last four years or so- I'll say they're bad.
Eh- I don't see anyone taking an aggressive line at Covey. I feel like he'll clear waivers and be back in the Charlotte-- where he belongs.
It was a joke.
I made a snarky comment to the OP yesterday because he posted a couple of Athletic posts in a row. So, I just thought it would be funny to complain about him not using the Athletic. &amp;#x200B; I posted a MLBTradeRumors article maybe three times in the last week.
Just a reminder: Taking money that isn't yours is wrong. There are no victimless crimes.
Data is beautiful Not this data. Other beautiful data.
Obviously you've never been to the assistant coach wing in the hall of fame.
That's a violation. Not a crime.
Was pace in disguise?
Not a crime
Not a crime.
Who is Kendall wright?
Great player. We haven't had too many better at third in my time.
All these heads are rolling and yet the trash can avoids all punishment?
Cheap ass reinsdorf.
Because he's a baseball player who didn't have a team and if the Sox don't sign 100% of those it's due to reinsdorf being cheap.
There aren't any ends of a circle jerk. Only arcs. Check out the new guy!
Looks go a long way.
I do this for you.
Do you get the big ten network? You can get your fix anytime by watching Nebraska routinely get run out of the gym.
Sorry. John wooden.
I expect just this.
I am about the same age as this author and I remember this story. The three of them were cleared of charges. It might have happened the way she said, but again it might not have. This was basically the same time that mike Tyson was convicted and sent to prison for sexual assault. So, I'm not buying that it was an era of how famous men could get away with anything just because of their celebrity. A Kennedy went to trial in the same county. Kennedys can get away with anything. Gooden Coleman and Boston were not these untouchable dignitaries above the law. If there was a case, the state would have made a case. This isn't great journalism. It's an attempt to get noticed. It's an attempt to possibly drum up some publicity and possibly get on a talk show. He wastes 1000 words about his own personal story and how he doesn't remember the investigation. This is an author who is basically asking, "if rownan farrow can do it why not me too?" Maybe I'm a little upset at the chosen pseudonym. I have a cousin Cindy Powell who lives on the west side of Manhattan. Shes a sweet girl who was three or four in 1991.
Forman &lt; Floyd &lt; Hoiberg &lt; Eustachy
And more rushing yards than Tom Brady.
World series.
Donaldson had zero hits vs keuchel last year
this is a lineup I'd like to see. every play should go through markkanen.
Offensively it's a lineup i've been waiting to see- defensively- not so much.
He's the fucking worst. Has he never been double before?
That was finally Markkanen with the second team as the focal point. I don't know how many times we've seen that this year. He shot the ball zero times. Had one assist. Turned the ball over twice. And the bullets went on a 7-0 run. &amp;#x200B; Denzel Valentine would have been a much better option to run the show. Markkanen needs someone out there holding his hand.
Now, after the failed markkanen leading the 2nd unit experiment- you get this lineup.
I'd like it on record that the bulls are 12/17 from 2 so far tonight. 70% from 2 PT, 33% from 1, 23% from 3
With LaVine, Payton and Thomas Seattle is pretty well represented tonight.
You spray people who try to take your oxy with bug repellant?
One word. Two or three syllables. Sbarro
Beep beep
I'm from the same city as you are. But I'm also from the same planet. And Jordan had a global impact.
Cheap ass reinsdorf
This is a great cause of which I'm a huge supporter. Every dollar counts. Even the 65000 that Neste stands to contribute by staking their donation to Markkanens performance in those 5 games.
That's what I just looked up. It's too many to count without the use of a program. In just his rookie year he had 2 40+ 6+ 6+ without making a single three. He was good. Pippen at least has three 30/6/6 games without attempting a three pointer.
I feel like I had this as a poster on my wall in the 80s. I've always thought it was from the 86 divisional playoffs game vs the Giants.
Which county?
Nm. Pinellas
Yes
I'm cool
Only if one of rhe two bedrooms was filled with 750 k cash would this be an okay deal.
I don't know. 10 in red is kind of fun to watch. No wasted movement. Working the entire field. Sees his Target and fires. If 10 blue were to do that I'm sure you'd see steam coming from his helmet.
Luis Robert runs fast. Michael kopech throws fast.
If Walton isn't back for a game this year, this whole rebuild was for naught.
I don't know why but I watched the bowl game in Montgomery. The things I remember were: 1) he's from Green Bay 2) he prefers to throw the ball to the other team.
Honest question. How well do you remember sex Grossman?
Charter him a plane. Cheap ass reinsdorf
I'd rather listen to my mother get hit by a car than Stick Figure. Pulley is by far the greatest band featuring a former white sox pitcher
I once saw Jon kitna throw an interception left handed.
With whom are you upset? Kornet? Markkanen or Boylen. Markkanen would get 20 shots a game if he knew how to play off of LaVine.
ICE!
It's even worse than that. Because the bulls had a system and players to play that system. They destroyed the roster to play some imaginary type of basketball.
First of all it was ten games. Secondly, it was ten games!
It definitely is. But this town has to stop evaluating players by their best stretches and start looking at the whole picture. Hes played most of three seasons now and everyone is flicking their bean over a flash in the pan from a year ago. The same thing happens when trubisky completes a pass.
It's not being selfish. We don't want him to score more because he's on our fantasy team. No. The bulls need him to score so that they can compete. You could argue that him not shooting and just being a space filler on offense is more selfish than if he were to take 20 shots. Lavine is arguably playing the least selfishly even when he's in "hero ball" mode. he is taking shots that affect his efficiency because he doesn't have anyone around him willing to help shoulder the load.
With the current weather , I would hope everyone's sources are inside. Stay safe. Out of the cold and off the streets.
This sub is obnoxious. This post is wonderful.
When did pax say that?
Yeah. No.
Less satisfying if he quits. Would rather him get chased out of town.
He is good.
Super bowl is only 54 years old. 9 championships in 100 years sounds better.
A gm's job in foresight. Foresight can only be evaluated by hindsight.
Outscoring the Packers so far tonight.
Bears scored 16 points this season in 2 games vs. the P\*ckers. &amp;#x200B; Niners have 17 tonight.
Hawks 2 &amp;#x200B; Packers 0
Bears had 142 rush yards vs. Green Bay in two games this season. Niners have 150+
Anyone else noticing the amount of Rush songs?
As much as I love Robbie, I really don't want to see him on this drive until the PAT.
God forbid a nuclear bomb hits somewhere in the Chicago metropolitan area, everyone's prized possession will be destroyed. Not yours.
Normally, the longer the explanation, the poorer the decision. This is a fifty thousand word entry about why he drafted cutty.
Trubisky: 69% Other: 69%
There is no difference. The writers are just fans with press credentials.
Hey Beighlitz, it's Hanie
I'll be in my room masturbating.
Bills vs Redskins off the top of my head.
I'm bi. I wrote at home lefty and at school righty. My penmanship is trash with both hands. I write righty now but still can do an all right job lefty.
Is that benetti behind the bucks bench with a bulls hat?
Huge bucket +15.5
I don't think the bulls cover without markkanens two put backs in first half.
Biting my nails down the stretch. Shaq shoots another three we are dead. Extend boylen!
He wasn't a three point shooter. He was a killer scorer who could shoot threes. That series vs Ray Allen and the C's finishes only behind Michael Jordan playoffs performances in bulls history. two players in their time who were known as awful defenders on their respective teams, Gordon and Carlos boozer, would be two of the better defenders on this team. Gordon has unfortunately had more steals since retiring from the league.
If there were actually eight teams interested in Gibson in 2017, I'd like to see the other offers. They got absolutely zero back. Not knowing the value of your own talent is far worse than overvaluing an unknown talent. They spent the better part of a decade with Taj and turned him into cam Payne and a bit of salary relief. The Derrick rose trade really doesn't get mentioned either. They sold at his absolutely lowest possible value. Meanwhile, four years on they still have no point guard.
I think the bulls intro animation is a little dated, stale and about 16 minutes too short. I see no reason why they shouldn't take the court to this video. &amp;#x200B; ..and nowwwwww...
don't blink.
There are two names of active basketball players and one fictional player in the above post. 1) Michael Porter Jr. 2) Wendell Carter Jr. 3) Kevin Durant Jr. Michael Porter Jr. is a nice player- but stop with Kevin Durant comparisons. Of all the transgressions that Paxson and Foreskin have committed, this wouldn't be in the top 50. I'm not that excited about Carter but he's pretty good for the seven pick.
You can't sack the quarterback in the game. He should be used to that.
So no meetings with offensive linemen scheduled yet.?
Its asking for a user and a password
Now it's all in Armenian and my browser won't translate.
Nicholson &gt; Romero &gt; Hamil &gt; Phoenix &gt; Ledger
that foul is dunn's fault.
closing out under control is also an option. &amp;#x200B; Sending a double team off of the primary option one pass away should not be an option.
Sato and his minus one million are back.
if the wolves don't go inside every time down they should be relegated to the WNBA.
Relegated.
What is Minnesota doing? Kris Dunn is playing 4 on defense and they're chucking threes.
That was a great game to watch. Very happy that Minnesota is a bigger collection of idiots than the Bulls. Wiggins and Kat could get anything they wanted down low. Apparently they didn't want those points toward the end of the game. Apologize to Felicio.
If the cowboys were to dissolve and the NFL just assigned their players to other teams and the bears were assigned Dak Prescott, pace and Nagy would still start trubisky. They have to be right.
Pick to click is the only advanced metric that we value in my household
Actually I forgot about weighted will to win plus.
They laughed at Copernicus too.
The first nine games? 3-6. They're actually better with any other starting lineup that doesn't include those four dudes at the same time. (14-23 vs. 3-6)
Cheap ass reinsdorf can't even afford a guy to plan Sox fest. He does it himself to save 50k/year.
2019: Hi Mom 2020: Fuck that
Not every game. Just home games.
My pelvis hurts watching Sato.
You spelled this season incorrectly.
I wish there were a four point line so that the bulls would stop shooting threes.
Cool.
Fifth best four letter named pass rusher in the NFL!
Our starting pitchers heads are falling off!
I know. Right?
Cheap ass reinsdorf
Bulls already did that on Friday by scoring 81 points.
Bulls kill more bunnies than Revlon.
So does scabies
I do it for that kid in the stands who maybe hasn't seen me write that before or might not get the chance to see it again.
I like to be the only athletic subscriber who doesn't promote others to do so. It's a pretty unique phenomenon with this site no matter what the team or sport, those who read the athletic need to humbly brag that they spend a certain amount of money on the content and then evangelize the product. I don't like to spend other people's money for them. I'll let them make their own decisions. I also refuse to pay a company to be its marketing device. I don't notice this with any of the other of my subscription services. Not Netflix, prime, Hulu. Not even Brazzers. Just the athletic. Which is a sports service without scores, stats or standings for the most part.
The toilets aren't disabled.
I'm rooting for him. If I were his agent, I wouldn't even have tokd him about the minor league deals.
Maybe I'm still in rebuild mode, but I'm totally fine with mendick for a couple of months.
Yeah, but madrigal only played a month at triple a.
Anyone want to bring me a case in jersey?
Goodnight my sweet prince
There is no such thing as a non throwing shoulder. You throw with both shoulders. Maybe that's the problem.
12 minutes for the rest of your life.
this team is shooting 79% from inside the arc. if they shoot less than 6 threes in the 4th- they win this game.
My goal was &lt; 6 three point attempts in 4th. First three attempts were from behind the arc.
I like when bulls players slam dunk the basketball.
Felicio was a bit surprised that someone passed him the ball while he was all alone under the basket?
Does Valentine get benched for the elbow jumper that went in?
not a charge. i'll take it.
no early threes up seven. that should be a rule.
1/10 for 3 in the 4th
just get my +9 home.
hand down man down.
i just hope the turn over doesn't happen too early.
he just needs to pull up- you're not going to get the call. he had plenty of space
I can't believe I'm not going to cover.
2 points in the last seven minutes.
the rule is that you need to give the shooter room to land. he didn't.
An all-star wins that game for you. Up Seven with 1:27- all they had to do was not have empty trips. He's the best the bulls have, but he's just not an all-star yet. Still - very promising game. I'll see you next time.
would they lose 31 of their next 50 games?
LaVine is not the problem. The problem is the system. Boylen is not the problem. He's a symptom of the problem. This team should take no more than 15 three pointers in any game. However, they take no less than 30. That is the directive of the front office. A front office who demands a three point shooting team and fills the roster with a bunch of dudes who can't shoot threes. They missed 40 shots tonight. 33 of them were from three. They had one FT in the 4th qtr/OT and that was on McConnell's tech.
Anyone who thinks that boylen is anything more than a front office stooge has no idea what is going on.
If karma is real, the actions he takes in this lifetime will only bear fruit in his next existence.
Mendick. My team is on the floor.
I don't. I owe all of my knowledge of karma to Caddyshack.
Yoan Moncada was .344/.401/.604 batting second last year. The only reason he batted anywhere else is because there was absolutely no one to protect Abreu. Now the sox have at least four other players who can bat cleanup. Let Moncada bat second. They should print 162 lineup cards with Moncada batting 2nd and let Ricky fill out the rest. If he needs rest- just cross him off.
Both teams can win. I think that both teams have already won. Nationals wanted to contend for a world series and the white Sox wanted to rebuild their pitching staff. If Eaton never plays another game and giolito wins 300 games, both teams got what they wanted.
I have a guy who does all my printing. Unfortunately, we can either get 162 prints or zero.
There are two ways to go from here. An entitled person will just say fuck it, I deserve to be an all star and just go through the motions. Or, he can go out and show everyone how wrong they were and make sure this never happens again.
I have thought his next move would be politics for a long time.
Mike Martell got shafted by not having &lt;h1&gt;Mike Martell&lt;/h1&gt;
I have seen Kyle Lowry outrebound Markkanen. Granted, Lowry is a good rebounder for his size, but there is nothing positive about Markkanen's season so far. If he is indeed playing "dinged up" then at his best, he's a perennial injury risk who can't play 70 games in a season. If he can't figure out how to play with Lavine, he needs to go. If Boylen can't figure out how to play Markkanen off of Lavine then he has to go. If Lavine can't figure out a way to play with a secondary scorer, then he has to go. I think LaVine deep down inside sees himself as more than a scorer- and from time to time it looks like he has it in him. Markkanen looks clueless out there 90% of the time. But, I don't want to see one move of the roster or the coaching staff until Foreskin and Paxson are out. They can do so much more harm to this franchise by making a dopey move toward the end of this season.
Stop spreading hate.
Pissa
White Sox quickly scooped him up. Obviously they hadn't read the medicals.
Drew. Youre allowed to feel anyway you want when the anthem plays. Kaepernick might also feel the same way as the anthem plays. He also feels likes it's a good time to draw attention to the awful things that cops have been doing to his people. He's allowed to do express himself in whatever manner he feels appropriate. As you are. As I am. When I hear the anthem play, I always get the same feeling deep down in my heart. I'm proud to be living free in a great country and I respect the men who have fought and died as well as the men who have stood up for what they believe. Thats why when the anthem plays, you will see drew standing and crying. Colin (pretend it's 2016) kneeling. And me trying to get a hold of my bookie to bet trubisky under 154.5 passing yds.
Thank you for showing us your dick Williams tweet.
Running shoes. She should use them.
Lmtfa
She German af
Rickey Henderson.
69
Barry bonds was a machine.
They're the chicago bears. I am from Chicago. I root for that team.
He's still Calvin Ridley's little brother.
What's a yalls?
Peter Weller already made a documentary about that
Reminds me of the mermaid avenue documentary when Jeff tweedy was discussing which songs they should put on their Woody Guthrie tribute album with Billy Bragg. Jeff wanted to draw light on Woody's songwriting and lyrics while Bragg wanted to do all activism based songs. Jeff listed a handful of songs including this one and said something to the effect "fascists will hear from us. Don't you worry".
Bowling averages are way up. Minigolf scores are way down.
I often compare it to no country for old men. These are wonderful movies with awe inspiring performances. Yet, the opening monologues dwarf the rest of the movie.
Joel Ward.
That's good.
Eh. He admitted that Hitler and the Nazis went a leeeeeetle too far. So, at least he recognized that there was something off with the national socialist movement of the 1930s. Please remember that he never said no to a drink in his life and also didn't wear a helmet. As a jew I have always been more offended by what he did to Mrs hull than anything he had to say.
This looks like it was a couple of years before he got sick.
You can't be serious
People of color people.
Oann is garbage. This story is fine though. Zero opinion. People need to be more open-minded
He doesn't steal the bike. He just runs it over with his Bentley.
Poor dog
They just sold the rights to the show for 425 million. I demand reparations!
I miss you.
Thom's such a dirtbag. I heard on a podcast that he hit on a top-heavy guard at his sister's gated community. Good for darcey getting rid of him with her revenge-body.
You don't understand. Women pluck the hairs out of their eyebrows one at a time only to draw them in so they can look like that
He's like Kevin Garnett, just without any of the talent.
The average tenure of manager is under four years. The average service time in the minors for those players who make the bigs is just about that.
Wasted about fifteen minutes trying to understand what happened. Going back to not knowing or caring about anyone involved
Grrrr
Ice!
Where have I seen this post before?
Huge fan. He called the park "Cominskey Field" The ice cream looks delicious and I hope he's living his best life, but I always questioned his white Sox fandom. Almost kept me from voting from him. As you can tell I take my politics very seriously.
Cominskey Field. Check the tape
Nope. Both sides. if this was one bad actor against an innocent group, there would be a season. It's the prisoner's dilemma.
Sox fan coming to your defense. Even if he's right, which he's not, he has no argument here. He's just saying you're being ignorant for not thinking the same way he does. These writers are a bunch of dudes who get stories from players, so they'll come to the defense of the players 100 out of 100 times. This is a labor group and a management group who both own a great stake in an institution they're currently devaluing. Everyone's always looking for a bad guy, and it should be easy in this case, since everyone's a bad guy.
I can imagine a world without racism, COVID and Trevor Bauer.
What I don't understand is, before the COVID outbreak, the season was supposed to be 162 games and the players would get 100% of their agreed wages from the clubs. Something changed, and the clubs agreed with the teams that they would pay them a portion of their salaries if the season were canceled in exchange for service time. If the season was shortened, the players would receive their full salaries commensurate to the amount of games played in the season. Again, something changed-- the threat of a canceled season/shortened season morphed into a shortened season with no fans and the possibility of a canceled post season. Why could they come to the table in March and not come to the table in May? Negotiating is not about getting a bigger slice of the pie, but rather making the pie as big as possible so that both parties are satisfied. The projected pool of money is a fraction of what it was projected in February and even smaller now in June. How could the owners possibly be motivated to assume the losses when they have a perfectly suitable out at 4%? Even if there's a grievance, I don't think that labor will get what they want. The courts will not look at historic records, but rather financial models based on attendance, postseason revenue, corporate partnerships and broadcast/subscriptions. All will point a pretty bleak picture for the league and show that the union isn't even arguing the same argument with the clubs. The economy is looking to contract by 15% in 2020. Both sides agreed to hastily in March, and they're both at fault. Both sides can't agree in June- and they're both at fault. I think the owners were looking for protection from the cancellation of a season while player-agents and the union was focused too much on service time and free agency. When, really, a small proportion of major-league ballplayers even reach free agency or even the high paying arbitration years.
He took plenty of care of it on game day heading straight for that sideline.
Mitch(ell) is one of those dudes that hears a word or phrase, doesn't really understand what it means, and then proceeds to use it. I'm fine with that, go get you some of those details from the detail store and detail your way to the NFC North championship. It's not just you, it's everyone though- there is no I in details... except at the end where there's that one I. I don't know what happened here, but someone probably said "attention to detail" and Mitch(ell) woke up toward the end of the sentence and gleaned just the one word.
The effort on that FG block is breathtaking.
In my hypothetical all-time bears team there would only be three LBs in a 46 scheme. Those would be urlacher, butkus and marshall.
Stop. The comparisons to Drew Brees and Eli Manning are just ridiculous. There are plenty of quarterbacks who are garbage after three years who don't make it in the league. There have been two who have won super bowl mvp and those are immediately the ones he gets compared. Also, Brees was a second round pick- not a second overall pick. Brees played like a second round pick until his fourth season.
Sometimes youre a dildo without an argument so you just tweet stuff like that
When baseball does well it is not because there's an infectious disease spreading through the known world which forces people to attend ball games and spend disposable income on the game. These are extraordinary times and things change moment to moment. They jumped the gun with an agreement in the spring and now everyone is holding fast to the most tenuous of negotiations made with very little knowledge. The players were motivated by the likes of Mookie Betts and Kris Bryant and their representatives to take advantage of their free upcoming free agent years-- that's why service time was really the only value they were looking for in March. That's why they settled on $170 million dollars of salaries. It was foolish to only think about free agency and arbitration, especially when considering all of the macroeconomic factors that will come in to play for the next several years. Things have changed since March, not just in baseball but on this planet Earth, and it's actually the players who haven't budged. If the Allies and the Nazis had negotiated a treaty in 1943, it would have looked a lot different than the surrender in 1945. Tony Clark asking for would be like Jodl asking for France as a condition of surrender. When someone says it's either the owners or the players who is 100% at fault, doesn't see the big picture. The problem is the haste with which the agreement in March was made. Both parties were too quick to sign. And now both parties are unwilling to budge. Both parties are at fault-- 100%
Don't worry Tony- we got you.
condom size doesn't have anything to do with the length of jahoon's banana. I'm pretty sure they all roll out to the same size. It has more to do with the circumference of Jahoon's plantian. For all we know, he could hold his own inch-for-inch with the fine gentlemen of Congo, but he might be swimming in the profo due to a lack of girth. I don't know- I never wear the things- takes the feeling away- I just tell the girl that I'm catholic or have had a vasectomy they normally are too drunk to make a good decision any way.
ew. gross.
You sound like fun. You want to get together some time?
There's a difference between leaving in the cloak of darkness and not ever being there. However, a simple phone call probably would have gone a long way. Instead of just assuming everything would just go away.
If this were any other industry these dudes would already have been shown the door. Negotiating isn't about getting the other side to comply with your wishes. It's about understanding what the other side's objectives are and figuring out a way to work those into your own objectives so that both sides can feel both satisfied and somewhat dissatisfied. These clowns are behaving taking a very delicate relationship and treating the negotiations in a transactional manner. It's not even like they're working on a decade long labor agreement. These same people will be at the same table very soon.
Watch game one vs Indiana in 2011. Most forgotten rose game. Possibly his defining performance
Clutch kick by parkey. Never in doubt.
Top five four lettered last name pass rusher in the game. Change my mind.
They had no business winning that game. When he hit Jo full speed for the dunk, you knew right then they had the game. I think they were still down six at the time.
I've seen 60 and 78. Just meet in the middle.
Humans share about 85% of the same dna with mice. Think about the physical, intelligence and instinctual differences between humans and mice even with similar genetic makeup. Assuming that all life started with the big bang and the naturally occuring elements spread through the universe in the eons since, what does intelligent life look like with even less in common with humans than mice? From what we know of the physical universe and what we've learned from Einstein's theories, in order for a life form to migrate from a different part of the universe to chicago, it would have to be far more evolved than our species. The life form would have to be able to not only understand the limitations of spacetime, but harness the full power of light and the very fabric of matter that binds the universe. Not to mention be able to comprehend nature from a higher dimension. I've always felt that intelligent life from the far reaches of our galaxy would be more similar to light or some form of energy than a physical being that you might recognize. Yet the renderings we see in pop culture or in conspiracy theories, the beings look roughly human-- maybe it's green with a longer head and wider eyes. That would be surprising to me with how different its generic makeup would have to be. I just don't think a "space alien" in Chicago would have much interest in sports and would only follow the c*bs and Sox in a purely observational capacity without taking sides.
"Welcome to Indiana high school basketball.". Norman dale
Can't have too many kids not at school so that their parents can't break away to vote.
How quick witted or clever are you? You get to sit on your bed and compose the perfect response and this is the best you could do? Go pluck your eyebrows!
Hoboken.
That must be aggregate dating back to the dawn of time.
Fewer losses than 2005
Everyone's an asshole.
Training camp is set to start approximately three weeks after July 4th. We are seeing these spikes in cases approximately three weeks after memorial day. It is up to us to ensure a football season. Go to work. Cover your faces. Go home. Repeat.
I am a Florida grad and the biggest Spurrier fan you might ever encounter, but I have to point a good majority of blame for this to him. Spurrier was just so ahead of his time and really had such a simple football philosophy, his Florida teams really didn't have to prepare that hard. Obviously they practiced hard, but when your coach is golfing 36 holes a day and working the fewest hours in the league and you're still putting up Heisman numbers, you're probably not going to develop an NFL work ethic. It's kind of what made his teams during that run so fun, but also what might have kept some of his offensive guys from sustained success in the league.
Both of them working hard doing what they can to make the team better. Preparing every week as if each is the starter. Making sure to do everything that is asked to make each other better. Working together. A lot of positive energy coming out of that room. There will be no shortage of cliches I'll tell you that.
One thing I like about trubisky is that he throws a very difficult ball to intercept. From his very first td pass through last year there's something about the spin of his ball that confounds defenders. It might be the DB thinking, " I cant believe this clown just threw that" and he gets crossed up trying to make the catch. Also, the fact that he would rather die holding the football than take any chance that his ball might be intercepted. Whatever the case may be, he might play ten years in this league before throwing an intercepting for a touchdown. Keep it up kid.
Yes. But the 2011-12 NBA championship didn't.
I'm on the south side. Just Venmo me the $ and I'll rendezvous with the shoe guy for you. Then just give me your address and I'll personally deliver them.
Oak and Pip were corpses by the time they got back to Chicago. Both were nearly forty
Okay. Cash app?
The bulls are 15 games below mediocre.
Eddie Jackson is a top five safety... Sometimes. Sometimes he looks like a punt returner playing safety. I love when he's getting to the ball. But when he's not, I think he struggles tackling and in some coverage. Bears did him zero help teaming him up with Clinton Dix last year, so I hope he can return to form in 2020. But I look at the guys on this list and I just see more complete safeties who might not have the big play ability but have every play ability.
He might be a little low. But not that much higher than ninth. There are a lot of dudes on that list who are better than he is. He's a great player at a loaded position.
1994 rangers were also omitted. Thoss 19-40 chants were pretty fun while they lasted. Also, the Cavs drought is silly too. Not really a drought if you've never had one. If that's the case, the nationals just broke a 51 year drought.
Not even considering the player or his performance, they have only upside to consider and are protected by NFL draft compensation if they can't afford to bring him back. Text book roster management thinking of the team as an ongoing enterprise matrx and not: "shit ESPN thinks we need to trade for a quarterback-- let's do that today!"
Exactly. A good manager doesn't give a shit what you think
Sid luckman was so good baseball retired his number. Don't look it up. Just trust me.
I have soooo many least favorites. Big Sexy was an absolute machine from 15 though.
Wendell Carter jr is top 400 in the league. Change my mind.
what's a y'all?
