The Bucks definitely play really fast and a ton in transition. You can have trailing shooters in transition...
?
Oooohhh yeah. Another absolute cutie.
God that doujin is gonna be so fucking good. I'm guessing Waver might be first though, unless a single page is all he truly gets.
So play him off the bench? It's not that hard to understand. Izzo fucked up, and never even really seemed to experiment with the idea.
Depends - could Ayton play next to Gasol well (such that he gets a starting spot)?
That shit he was saying about the Rockets' pissed me off SO fucking much. I don't thing I've ever heard an announcer be such an insufferable homer.
That's Mario Hezonja for you. Would have been so much fun if he had actually panned out.
Bones and feathers feel eternal though. Hearts just behind. The issue with those three is that they're really common across a lot of different servants. Most of the time, the newer materials aren't really a big issue - they only matter to a particular set of servants. But the older ones that continue to get used are BAAAAAD.
It would be fine (or at least better) if there weren't also new servants who needed a ton of old mats.
https://youtu.be/Gm7zfi3uo4c
So much fucking culture. Just missing Alex and Nobukatsu.
He was also done really poorly, compared to what all his legend makes him out to be, sooo....
[Another one for the "Mordred as the gentleman" album](https://imgur.com/user/HyperA/favorites/folder/5767705/mordred-gentleman)
Mwindo and his fly-swatter (that can do literally anything) please... https://youtu.be/NzmFEDNWTO8
The Cleopatra support I'm using can't do enough. Shuten has been better for me so far. Mordred needs a few NP levels. Don't know what exactly - maybe just NP2 will suffice. But NP1 isn't enough.
Certain dubs are equal or better (some are equal, but that means worse in some areas and better in others, which makes the arguments over those ones really tough).
I've seen a lot from Avenue Q - should just watch it tbh.
They're referencing Paheal/Rule34, whose admins/mods/people in charge like to find the weirdest possible image for the "pic of the month". To think that that was once where I went for hentai...
That's Ereshkigal.
They were just as close as you could otherwise get and very likely flirting with one another in different conversations. Uh huh...
We had this momentum transfer over our previous bye and BoB's teams have always been better after a bye. So yes, of course we do.
Yeah. It's just a damn shame that that is what comes up if you type "rule34" into Google. My eyes have been scarred by some of the shit I saw.
Benjamin Franklin would advise you to do this or go even older.
I mean even then,not really. Totsuka straight up is a trap. Gao toes the line more - certain times he seems to be more of a trap (like when he blushes without his mask), but in general he's much more of a bishonen. Show me his NP a month ago and most people probably guess that he's male.
He looks sorta like Lu Bu here.
Lartoria with her full armor and Mordred. Just the helmets off works well for both too.
It doesn't have the 3 most important characters...
They were both traded for bad salary though, remember? Corey Brewer and Andrew Nicholson.
Ishtar is more experienced with horses, but Ereshkigal's husband was a bull, so I don't think she gets to talk in this case.
Iirc, for players on court, you need the ball to call timeout. Ty Lue should've stepped in though. Fuck up on so many different sides. This meme still hurts as a neutral fan if you were watching and saw how crazy LeBron was playing to get that win.
Unless they're written SUPER well. I wish we got Lostbelt Anastasia and a Bedivere that remembered the Camelot singularity and everything else that Bedivere went through.
I feel like a lot of people here haven't gotten super into a lot of the genres they're discussing...
Games played is the main thing holding him back (and it's a legitimate concern).
&gt;If Jeff Green continues to have games like those games where he's good...
Wrong scene - he's talking about the one right after, just before the Rayshift.
Diarmuid only has to deal with it toward one gender. ~~Also god dammit Gao come home please...~~
~~Lalatina~~ Darkness taught me how to properly tank. Learned everything I know from her.
Finish Babylonia and roll the story banner. It's entirely possible.
Real Romani has a similar speech later on, but gives more of an addendum to clarify what he means (about how life gains meaning at the end). It still works.
&gt;The grail mud explicitly doesn't affect him, and he shrugs/laughs it off. Do we have any proof that this isn't a case of "unreliable narrator", especially given that this is post-Grail mud Gilgamesh making this claim.
This priestess does the lewding.
We're worse than a typical 9-3 team and our 9 game win streak isnt that great of a 9 game win streak. It's still a 9 game win streak and we still are a good team with, if nothing else, a TON of talent.
Well, that wasn't the only reason - our defense got WAY better after we slowed the pace down, and our offense evolved in that way as a reaction to how defenses were treating the previous year's offense.
SO WE WASTE A SKILL SLOT FOR HER, AND THEN THE THING SHE WOULD BE BEST AT - NP SPAMMING, GETS NERFED HARD BECAUSE 5 TURNS ACTUALLY IS TOO LARGE OF A COOLDOWN DUE TO HOW NECESSARY HER SKILL IS.
&gt;The battle between Cu Chullainn and Ferdiad is actually pretty heartstring-tugging, since they slowly grow apart over the course of the days they fight, going from almost playful banter and sharing a campfire to full-on rage-fueled attempted and not-so-attempted murder. Neither of them wanted to fight, but Ferdiad was more willing to sacrifice their friendship. &gt;Most representations of the aftermath show Cu Chulainn cradling his fallen former friend, because my emotions. Fuck man... that part never stops hurting no matter how many times I've read it.
https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/a3rtcy/mmm_feathered_fiery_fascists_fullgrown_foal/ SHE ALSO HAS AN NP BATTERY, GOOD QUICK CARDS, AND A GREAT ARTS CARD. NP SPAMMING IS THE BEST SHE COULD DO, ESPECIALLY GIVEN THAT IT'S OC EFFECT IS BASICALLY HER BEST SOURCE OF ANY ACTUAL DAMAGE.
George Hill's contract is set-up such that he has a lot of money owed this year, then only $3 million guaranteed next year. So if a team is looking to move off of bad salary, he's an ideal target.
Santa Hessian Lobo?
Which is why you'd probably need a set-up to do it. I think the reason I thought of it is because Hyde has a ridiculous Max HP. Would probably need specific CEs (forgetting what exactly off the top of my head), but with the Merlin buff I wanna see how high we can get his Max HP to.
Nah. You can say Project M went too far, but talking about this like some absolute is ridiculous. Ideal Melee, imo, is between a lot of the middle-weights, or a middle-weight and a floaty. Shit like Marth vs Falcon/Sheik/Peach is the most fun Melee gets for me.
An obvious joke can also be really unfunny buddy. Sometimes pretending to act stupid is just as stupid.
We hadn't seen him play Mizzou.
God, that's easily the best line in the whole song. It's just so fucking mean and derision-filled, and rightfully so.
Rodgers isn't clutch... Huh.
I love the "We hadn't seen him play Mizzou" line the most. It's just so fucking biting, and for good reason too. Still am fucking shocked he didn't go number 1.
I thought this was fairly well understood by now. Going by this comment section, it's apparently not for some.
One of the all time funniest doujins I've ever read.
JJJ is and was a better prospect. More importantly though, the Grizzlies had Conley and Gasol. I wouldn't be surprised if Atlanta doesn't do that trade with them because they think the Grizzlies pick wouldn't be too good this year.
Miami nightlife baby.
Or it's just the nightlife is some fashion, like it is so often when sports teams visit Miami (or LA, Toronto, Houston, etc.)
Best description I've heard of VRChat is that it brings back the feeling of earlier internet days with a lot of forums, a lot of waiting around, some absolute gold, and a lot of truly strange shit. It's closer to being the old internet wild west than anything else you'll find.
Have you seen the newest boy, Gao Changgong/Prince of Lan Ling(/Lanling)?
Honestly, I'm more surprised Hakeem wasn't excluded from that theory, what with the lengths Gladwell was going.
Neither Gambo nor the Suns have a good track record as analysts...
Y'know, in basketball, people just refer to this as "Miami nightlife". LA is similar. Then, on lower rungs, you have other cities, like Houston, Toronto, etc. But Miami and LA are the two ones you always hear about.
Look at what the article said about Outkast...
Shakespeare made up a LOT of words and slang. It actually does make sense.
Forgot the two summer versions.
Honestly like the 2nd alot. It's probably 2nd only to Summer Martha, and even then I'm not sure (would definitely be 2nd to 1st Ascension SMartha (who has a jacket) w/3rd ascension's gauntlets).
He's still a lady-killer as is, canonically.
So then you agree with original premise anyways...
FINALLY!!!! EDIT: Going through a lot of the lines, and I sorta was reminded of Serenity, except his guilt is over his face specifically and he appreciates being able to show it to us/us having that sort of close relationship with him that he is willing to show it to us. Only major issue is that we don't get to see that embarrassed expression anywhere other than his 3rd Ascension, god dammit!
Until the child can just google and have confirmation bias set in because on the internet there's always something to confirm whatever you want to believe in. And with the general trend of anti-intellectualism, especially by many people who are famous or who even have power, this sort of thinking is further encouraged. You don't think this sort of bullshit didn't have to do with the current President or a lot of modern political movements?
You forgot Moses. He's #2 or #3. Pick either.
Moses Malone...?
OP, I think you're forgetting about the 80s Mavs teams. Go look them up. As for the Rockets - Hakeem, Harden, Moses... CP3, Barkley, (&amp; arguably Drexler) are next when it comes to caliber of player, but lack the longevity. So I'd probably put T-Mac and Drexler here.
Except when he's talking basketball. Because boy oh boy is he fucking clueless.
Well that's what I'm saying. His powers are sorta boring outside of FSN, asides from Babylonia when the scale is much greater and he's sorta nerfed.
You know, given that Galahad might be one of the all-time biggest mary sues, it makes sense that he was Mash's heroic spirit.
Tbh, Rhongoymyniad would be even more interest. Maybe it's the eyes, but I wish we could've gotten her like we got Yu, with the excuse being that we overpowered her and showed her that humanity could be saved and she just had a weirder sense of morality like many of the other divine spirits in Chaldea.
Iirc u/Rathlial went into how Gao with multiple NP levels is actually sorta absurd due to how powerful his damage cut is (because it's way stronger than any other we've had at the higher NP levels). It stops so much of the basic damage that racks up, even if it's not as good against NPs.
&gt;Do people really hate Mash, can you really hate a person trying their best for strangers she never met in a reality where she doesn’t know what she truly wants in life? Can you really hate a person like that? In-universe justifications don't work if I think the character as a whole is shit, or at least really fucking boring? "Oh, of course she's sorta boring/bland, what would you expect given [blah blah blah]" doesn't cut it, because it conveniently avoids addressing the basic issue that she's boring/bland.
If I find the character totally bland and they get a ton of screen time then yes, I sorta hate her. "Meh" gets increasingly more annoying if it's always in your face.
This is exactly the issue. I actually sorta love the coziness of staying inside. I LOVE when it rains. I like the temperature to be sorta cool. But the lack of convenience when it gets cold is really fucking annoying. I'm bad at getting shit done ASAP, so when I do get the mind to do shit I like being able to just do it. No hassle, just go outside.
Tbf, they're LA reporters, talking to a dude who has always lived in either Cali or Texas. It's more fair in that context. He's not from New York, Chicago, or Boston, nor are their reporters asking him that, nor does he currently play for any of them.
Let me put it like this - I wouldn't excuse an actual toddler character if they're being pushed on to you the way she is. If a character is shit a character is shit, and it's not like I really like her any more past her supposed major character development. She's just boring as shit. Having a reason for that doesn't change things, and she has already had chances to grow out of that as is.
In a vacuum, that's fine. In the context of a back to back, the starters being pulled, and the new coach's attitude, it's idiotic.
I'm addressing your belief that lack if practice is why the Cavs' defense sucked. As for this specific situation... &gt;In a vacuum, that's fine. &gt;In the context of a back to back, the starters being pulled, and the new coach's attitude, it's idiotic. I'm 90% sure the film study shit is Boylen covering for his ass, given that he said he pulled the starters early so that he could run them hard in practice the next day.
Congrats. You've come up with the in-universe explanation for having a shitty and boring character. We still haven't addressed the whole "shitty and boring character" part though. And this is an opinion I've had both before and after her major character development moments. Blank slate characters only work if you're adding other interesting things to them as you go along. EDIT: Let's say I had a fictional world where all heroes became caricatures with only one or two things of note, because that's how my specific fictional world inherently operated. Now, without much else added to maybe do something interesting, I've created a situation where, sure, there's a justification given, but at the end of the day I'm left with boring 1-2 note heroes. I've given you the process and somehow expect that to have changed the result. EDIT2: This example is for everyone, not just you, who talks about how Mash has reasons to be the way she is. FFS, FGO has been out for how long?! The story has actually been good for how long?! If Mash were to have really changed and evolved past this stupid "homunculus/blank slate" excuse, you would think it would have happened for the most part by now.
CNN takes a LOT of shit for going for sensationalism at times and trying to be non-partisan and "show both sides" even if one side is absolutely ludicrous on a specific issue. I wouldn't call them partisan at all - I'd say that they show off a lot of ineptitude though. Trump also makes things way more difficult to gauge given how much more to the right he and his base are.
The swipe through has always worked if you're in the bonus. The change made is that it became a normal foul instead of a shooting foul.
His contract was BAAAAD. Good on him for snatching that up ASAP though.
I swear we've had some truly awful Atlantic divisions in the last decade iirc. Something like the 2012-15 period iirc. Just underwhelming and awful teams
You ever watch the type of sitcom where all the characters are assholes? Seinfeld, Arrested Development, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, etc. Well, Konosuba is basically an anime version of these shows set in a fantasy world, and the blue character is a goddess that's fairly useless. She's also the butt of a lot of jokes, especially from the MC. Here's a compilation of a lot of 'Aqua' moments: https://youtu.be/WwNkaUFUHUA
[And what about JAnta?](https://youtu.be/0Thfqqdd8NY) Does real Jeanne call you "tonekai-san"?
Err, One Punch Man (and the other shows in that season).
Holy shit, I like this even more. First part conveys the same as ever, but the 2nd and 3rd voices and general pacing makes way more sense in my head in a language that I understand for some reason.
See, I never understand this. I'd never give up cats to get cat girls and boys. Why you gotta do them like this?
Finally got through Anastasia. How the hell do I navigate the new Event Support List Menu? I remember seeing a post that had a translation for each button, but can't find it.
Ok, so the specific event CEs options are broken, that explains it.
Source?
Reports saying it isn't the ghost of Phil Jackson actually, it's Pat Riley - hard-nosed, mean, disclipinarian, etc.
One thing Joe Ingles often does - he constantly touches other players. Doesn't ever foul them, just touches them, even if it's something minor. People don't like to be (randomly) touched.
Health science is health science, regardless of what the players have earned. And your premise doesn't actually follow through on the 2nd statement.
Or it's a bad team with a bad locker-room. What proof do you have of this being a losing culture specifically?
Takeshi's Castle was the greatest of any of those challenge shows (like Wipeout). Spent a lot of summers in India watching it in Hindi (you could typically get moments of the original sound though).
Kawhi also had an injury problem weighing the situation down.
Are you seriously saying he's the reason, when reporting says they wanted to get the deal done and that issues are mostly from Sarver AND Pelinka is Ariza's old agent?!
&gt; You can ever say WR lacks effort in anything EVER Assuming you mean can't, and no, on the defensive end, you oftentimes can say EXACTLY that.
LeVert was easily the favorite before the injury. As it stands, it would probably be one of Siakam, Sabonis, or Harrell. Maybe even Derrick Rose?
You don't play the Suns and play the rest of the West. Of course you've had a brutal schedule.
Because that was the plan? We did that all series long. The Harden defensive flubs were when he didn't pay attention and let Roberson cut and get an offensive rebounds or dunk. Letting him shoot 3s was something we did ALL series long.
I mean, he may have had his best game ever that game, so...
It helps that people in these fields tend to have skillsets that would, if they were forced to, earn way more far more comfortably.
So what you're saying is is that the governments have aspects of both and thus trying to strictly define it as socialist or capitalist only is sorta dumb, right?
No, like "Artoria made children into slaves" sort of cruel, and Mordred had reformed a lot of the society in that brief time.
Just do what the Rockets did for Hakeem.
We have both the Choke and Clutch City nicknames for a reason.
We added Chris Paul and he takes the ball out of James Harden's hands plenty of times. KD takes the ball out of Curry's hands a ton. Celtics have a whole fucking slew of ball-handlers. Raptors have Kawhi and Lowry (and a BUNCH of bench point guards). Blazers have Lillard and McCollum. I could go on. At least 2 players who can handle the ball and create offense is standard.
Linked it.
Found it.
Found it. It's called Saber &amp; Son. See original comment.
Houstonian have been shitting on Dallas before anyone else ever did. Y'all needed a sports team to get mad at to start doing it smh.
Houston and Dallas are both sprawling cities, which makes it inherently tough to get around easily as a tourist. Can't really speak for Dallas too much here. But Houston has NASA, a GREAT museum district, a better food scene (just really fucking diverse, which means you can get a LOT of different types of cuisine, although Dallas can be pretty good too) (I would say the food scene in Houston is arguably number 1 in the country. It's in that top tier), and a bunch of other typical stuff you can look up. Biggest thing holding it back is that its downtown isn't really some bustling center - things are spread out - although downtown has gotten SOOOO much better as a place to visit and just hang out at in the past few years.
Also, the series is becoming less grounded and more heavily delves into weird Nasuverse shit. Gotta be honest, it's why I can't begin to have any interest in Extra or Extella, and why I don't care that much about the long-term story of the LBs with the whole alien schtick. At the end of the day, I like more grounded stories about characters. It's why I really got into the series with F/Z. I couldn't care less about Types or the Root or all the weird esoteric shit in the Nasuverse.
Yes, but when you get Asterios going he's not actually losing HP whatsoever.
It's not just me right? It feels like we've started running more and more from MDA's playbook and it has looked REALLY good so far.
I like their team, their fans were pissing me off last year.
You want those techs to be a regular thing? Really?
It was legitimately good when McHale was on there.
Because there's not enough time left in the game for the sample size to grow and for the game to balance itself out.
I'm saying it's hard to discern the meaningful stats but they are there, or at the very least, development to find them can be done. It's not that hard to understand.
Iirc, Doncic, Ayton, and JJJ, the 3 best rookies, are around dead-even in RPM. Just putting that out there so you understand how bad rookies typically are.
[Guess who drives to the basket more than ANYONE else in the league.](https://stats.nba.com/players/drives/?sort=DRIVES&amp;dir=1)
Bosh. As for 3&amp;D wings, it's Battier.
90s and 00s. Look the rivalry up.
Doubtful - Memphis doesn't own their pick this year unless it's top 8 or 6 this year, and even if they did I imagine Gasol + Conley would've made it such that Atlanta thought they wouldn't have that great of a pick.
And we are laughing at him now too. Making fun of him for it is the opposite of taking it seriously.
Quick question - who do you think currently averages the most drives per game. I'll let you look it up.
You never watched Wade lol
You realize 51% TS% is fairly awful, right? It's the passing in this game that should be encouraging.
Yeah, I don't think that's it. I think it's the transplants being a large population, and being more neutral, thus tending to hate on the Warriors.
It did NOT happen in 2 years. You can look at the pictures of Giannis from every single year and see the progression. It's been fairly steady.
Lopez brothers. It's why they end up on the wrong side of so many dunks.
Unfortunately, your stat doesn't have a history of being good at predictions and generally beating Vegas spreads. Try again.
So why include assists but not turnovers. You still haven't answered that question.
I hear this about every bad defender ever (including Harden). Always with the "showing more effort recently" and the "has had some great defensive games recently" and "he has seriously improved". If you want to prove me wrong, first explain what his general weaknesses and strengths on defense are, please.
The right pick in that last draft woud've been Porzingis...
If we hit home court seeding (despite the fact that using seeding in the Western conference at this point is so fucking dumb), you'll start hearing a LOT about it. He's been absolutely incredible.
MCW WOOOO!!!!
BY MCW WOOOOO!!!!
No, I'd give the Thunder MUCH better odds at that.
Find me the great teams in the league without multiple ball-handlers. I'll wait.
Look, I like that we've won 5 in a row, but FFS can we all just agree to stop with ALL WESTERN CONFERENCE SEEDING threads until either 2/3 of the season has passed or teams have actually gained significant separation to start creating tiers? There's so much wacky shit that happens with the seeding this early on, and it's even worse in the west this year.
Quintuple immortal iirc. He got one last level of immortality at the very end.
She also gets THREE great costumes!
Dude, we might want to stay out of this. Daryl Morey said it was unquestioned in his eyes that LeBron was the GOAT, and it was a pretty strong statement when he has said that too (it's not just him giving lip service to the idea).
I respect the dedication to this troll job lol. EDIT: God that thread was so fucking obnoxious.
Where is the proof?
This is why the NBA has a salary floor. Don't spend enough? You're giving that extra money to all of the other players on contract anyways.
Also - buy SQ via gift cards that you will actually have to get up and go buy. Buy one gift card at a time. The more steps you add to this, the better. Make it seriously inconvenient so that you can mull it over and really decide if you want to spend.
I think what you were discussing from season 1 really mainly shows up in the latter half of season 1, and same for what you said for season 2 and its latter half. The latter half of season 1 and first half of season 2 tend to be focused on the same major issue and have similar tones.
Not really. I actually give a shit about the player and want him back and healthy regardless of him being on my team or not. FFS.
Maybe for stars. Generally though, prime is 25-29.
Ew.
I've been looking for this for a while. Thought it was on YouTube.
Pulled for Enkidu again, got my 2nd Mordred out of nowhere. Not bad.
Looking back, it's been exactly a year and a day since I first pulled her, and I pulled at a similar time too. She was going to be the first servant I even considered spending on, but luckily the extra 10 roll Albert got us was enough. Now I know what to do on December 23, 2019.
But he's Woj and has an affiliation with the NBA.
Have you ever heard of the reporter who said it would be longer?
What has he ever reported, and what in the past has he specifically reported to make you think he has an in with the Rockets.
30 something. Main material I was looking for was homunculus babies - I got past most of my really bad hearts issues a while back (farmed the hell out of 1/2 Caster dailies and Da Vinci a while back), so he wasnt the biggest deal for me. Gonna need to go ham on Forneus now though.
Eh, I prefer Sumo. It's just more consistent. Holy Night Supper is better for these specific set-up where you know you'll be critting and NP'ing. But Sumo is better overall in my eyes (also has a better ATK boost iirc).
I need feathers. Feather and bone hell are fucking ridiculous. I was able to get out of heart hell. Feather and bone hell is never-ending and they keep adding more servants that add to it too.
I think of his complaints about modern humans as being similar to an edgy teenager, so lol I'd be fucked.
JFC this take is bad. What do you think LeBron's life was like before he became such a major prospect? Honestly, tell me what you know about this. This is such an awful take. Oh, and I'm sure he doesn't know plenty of other NBA players and what they went through growing up, especially as the VP of the NBAPA. EDIT: If googling is that fucking hard, I'll give you something to get started - LeBron had a really rough childhood.
What's up with the MLB and NHL then? They also have larger roster sizes. Does the NFL cross some special threshold where suddenly roster size leads to guaranteed contracts at like 50, despite the MUCH larger amount of revenue that also comes with the league?
&gt;It’s because the athlete pool is significantly smaller. So why is it different with the MLB and NHL? Does the NFL cross some magical threshold where its attitude goes from not allowed in other sports to suddenly acceptable? I mean, the NFL also makes way more than these others leagues.
The amount of luck and timing behind the Warriors is ridiculous. The NBAPA fucked up in not getting cap-smoothing. Almost everything that happened in the 2016 off-season was a major anomaly.
Sure, let's call it that. You happy?
It was agreed upon in the CBA (unlike the NFL) and the NBA has a better history of empowering players. Try again.
/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
And before that? Seriously dude, all it takes is a google search. LeBron had a rough childhood.
[Relevant song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EfMMNTD1x4)
&gt;This is actually intentional to have players figure it out themselves. Players who often go to FGO wikis have this as common knowledge due to our dataminers. If it's truly intentional, it's a dumb mechanic. Games should be transparent about their mechanics.
In the JP version of the game, the way they try to speed the beginners through part 1 is really dumb. Imo, most of part 1 is due for a complete gameplay re-design. Atm, they're just giving you way less AP costs and letting you follow specific supports so you always get them. What they should do is: make it a better difficulty curve, try to teach players the mechanics as they go, GIVE THEM A BUNCH OF EXP AND ASCENSION/SKILL MATS ALONG THE WAY (especially when recent events, where people easily get access to those mats, are going to be locked behind story content. Same with lotto events giving a ton of EXP), and cut out a ton of the filler encounters.
They're overvalued, but with Tatum easily outbid the Lakers, whose trade assets have looked even worse imo.
The change in that opinion is because Brown has worsened in "stock" more than Ingram has (because honestly, I'm also lower on Ingram now than I was last year).
He's a good on ball defender, but off-ball he doesn't play the sort of help-defense that you'd want given his length. It's the exact sort of player that gets overrated on defense as a result. That's probably why they have him guarding 2s so much - he works when he has to guard specific players where his length can just swallow smaller players up, but against other people who aren't bothered by his length, it's not as big of a deal. More importantly - that role of on-ball defense isn't as valuable. He's certainly no negative, but he's overrated by Lakers fans.
&gt;His assignment is almost always a 2 guard, someone who is inherently quicker due to smaller size, so he's playing out of position to start out with. https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/a8mwzl/honestly_am_i_the_only_one_that_believes_the/eccgjtj/ The reason for this isn't what you said, but because he's been bad at the sort of help-defense he would be expected to do at other positions. He doesn't leverage his length in the ways that make length so much more valuable ([read Lowe's 10 things column from yesterday, specifically the part about Jonathan Isaac](http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/25583225/10-things-like-including-steph-curry-nba). The biggest value of length is how aggressively you can help on defense, essentially letting yourself guard multiple players/spots all at once). Ingram doesn't do a good job at that, so the next best thing to do is just put him on-ball against a mismatch where he might just be able to swallow up specific players (see the game against the Blazers where he did just that against CJ). But he isn't the sort of defender you slot onto the opponent's best creator, nor can he contribute where defense is most useful (helping). He's the exact sort of defender that people who don't study film but watch the games and thus tend to ball-watch will overrate.
It's AD. If they don't do it here they are never going to do it.
What a cutie: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fategrandorder/images/f/f8/Kingu_2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180428170428 https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fategrandorder/images/a/a9/Kingu_2_Wounded.png/revision/latest?cb=20180428170429
Got any evidence pointing otherwise?
Holy shit Lakers fans LMFAO. This is fucking impressive.
Don't forget his Lakers flair just a few minutes ago when he was insulting Harden. This dude is just a troll.
Population does count when the sport isn't as popular there, and besides Spain, all the countries where basketball is bigger tend to have smaller populations in Europe (Baltic and Balkans).
We probably have to tank hard that year (and not by any choice of ours - we were just out of all those vets who carried us to 0.500 from the T-Mac &amp; Yao years) - we were a leading candidate for it before the Harden trade (ESPECIALLY before the Lin signing).
Err... Sabonis + Turner isn't sustainable atm and is not sustainable long-term. They're both really fucking good, but it's atm it's been rough to put them both out there. Maybe if McMillan decided to use Turner to bomb WAY more 3s (he's a little stubborn about the modern NBA), it could work, but atm that's not a good pair.
He's shooting 36.2% from 3 and even does the step-backs. Harden is easily the closest comparison, even if he takes even tougher shots. Tbf, Harden is sorta like a smaller more perimeter-oriented LeBron anyways.
The Ringer also makes a lot more podcasts...
You heard it from Bucks fans till he became toxic and heard it from Bulls fans for the brief moments before he admitted to it himself.
It's not. Seriously, ask any linguist out there. They only give a shit about descriptive grammar - AKA how native speakers speak. Prescriptive grammar, where specific standards are forced upon people as of language is this static thing, is considered fairly ridiculous in that field.
It'll just be a bad migraine at worst. Have you ever read the Journey to the West?
Because it's easy to be pedantic about it without doing any actual research into the field they're discussing.
Grey, Flat, and Svin are like his foster kids, Reines is a weird mix of older and younger sister, etc. I just call them the extended Waver family.
Don't get it confused - we hate Dallas and as a result the Cowboys, not the other way around.
Between Embiid and Harden there would be just as much salt too.
[This gives me hope.](https://twitter.com/Rockets_Insider/status/1076922162764791808) &gt;Last season, Austin Rivers attempted the 5th-most isolation plays per game in the league. He was 3rd in effective FG% (52.6%) and had the lowest turnover frequency (3.3%). 88th percentile in isolation, scoring 1.06 PPP. #Rockets
[This gives me hope.](https://twitter.com/Rockets_Insider/status/1076922162764791808) &gt;Last season, Austin Rivers attempted the 5th-most isolation plays per game in the league. He was 3rd in effective FG% (52.6%) and had the lowest turnover frequency (3.3%). 88th percentile in isolation, scoring 1.06 PPP. #Rockets
Oh, and he has tried to avoid taking any sort of mid-rangers this season. He's all in on Moreyball already. https://theathletic.com/680173/2018/11/28/how-austin-rivers-is-trying-to-kill-the-mid-range-jump-shot/ https://twitter.com/FredKatz/status/1076920574339883010
I'm saying the thing you are referring to grammar isn't what grammar actually is. Grammar in Linguistics (as in what a linguist would think when you say "grammar") isn't taught - it's naturally acquired through social interaction and observation, typically in one's childhood. &gt;Speakers of a language have a set of internalized rules[1] for using that language and these rules constitute that language's grammar. The vast majority of the information in the grammar is – at least in the case of one's native language – acquired not by conscious study or instruction, but by observing other speakers. Much of this work is done during early childhood; learning a language later in life usually involves a greater degree of explicit instruction.[2] Thus, grammar is the cognitive information underlying language use. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grammar The strict definition you have of grammar is sorta useless, and actual grammar is a much vaguer thing than you're making it out to be. This isn't some "new internet thing" - it's been an already established thing in a field that is fairly old. It might sound weird to me at times, but from a linguist's perspective there legitimately is nothing wrong with what Draymond said. EDIT: More quoting from the Wiki article: &gt;Outside linguistics, the term grammar is often used in a rather different sense. In some respects, it may be used more broadly, including rules of spelling and punctuation, which linguists would not typically consider to form part of grammar, but rather as a part of orthography, the set of conventions used for writing a language. In other respects, it may be used more narrowly, to refer to prescriptive grammar only and excluding those aspects of a language's grammar that are not subject to variation or debate. Jeremy Butterfield claimed that, for non-linguists, "Grammar is often a generic way of referring to any aspect of English that people object to."[6] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linguistic_prescription https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linguistic_description Take some time to do some reading into basic linguistics.
Yes it is. Holy shit it absolutely is, regardless of what else you think of Ingram
Lol y'all are gonna win some stupid games at the end and knock yourself back to the 5th pick or something. Just watch.
LeBron will flop, but I don't always blame him because he's so strong that he otherwise can't get a lot of calls. Refs had a bad predilection towards letting smaller players get away with murder against larger ones (especially in the post). And then there are just some natural disadvantages - a lot of taller players can just be trying to clear space rotating their torso and end up badly elbowing a player in the face. On the other hand, he's so fucking big and such a freight train that you can almost always call an offensive foul on him. Basically, he's like Shaq - he's ridiculously hard to ref and I can find myself defending any way they call him.
I think the Warriors losing that year is what actually sealed this.
Is there any proof of this? Especially when considering the difference between incompetent and competent teams that tank? Maybe we're just more used to seeing the latter (naturally), and so wrongly associate it with tanking as a whole.
It could've worked out better tho.
What's Trae's excuse? Luka is shooting 36.4% from 3 ATM and a lot of them are of the TOUGH step-back off-the-dribble variety. I'm not worried about his 3pt% for the season.
You don't have the penis when it's erect tho. Gotta get Maine.
No, that's Eric. I think they're talking about the one with long claws, that that one dude posts weekly updates about.
Those last two aren't drinks.
There are always explanations for plot armor if you try hard enough. Doesn't negate it from being plot armor.
Yeah, Lev is a good guy in EVERY other timeline but FGO's.
"Huh, this TvTropes website is sorta interesting..."
2K ain't that good tho. Rocket League, as an actual game, is going to last for a long time and will be fairly ageless.
Err... no, skill ceilings on games are entirely real in both competitive and speedrunning communities.
Err... Minecraft was bigger, and has far better lasting power as a game (even if it's not popular, it will always be as good of a game. It's just that great of a concept).
Compared to most games played competitively or that develop speedrunning crowds (so even single-player games like Mario Odyssey)... Absolutely not.
VGChartz is notoriously unreliable. Also, yes there were. COD (especially from MW onward), Counter-Strike + Counter-Strike Source, Unreal Tournament, Quake, Battlefield, Battlefront II, etc. All of those games were wildly successful, and COD at the very least definitely surpassed Halo.
The actual mechanics feel really off to me, as does movement in general. The shooting is neither like the more twitchy, arcade-type shooters (say for example, COD, or Counter-Strike) or the more arena style ones where you often find ridiculous types of movement (Doom, Quake, Unreal Tournament, Halo to a lesser extent, etc.). This is sorta subjective, but it just overall feels really clunky - sorta similar to how you always check out the basic movement and jumping in platformers before you do anything else, because that basic feel is so important. Fortnite just feels sorta sluggish with its general movement (EDIT: I'd compare it to coming back to Brawl after playing Melee, or even Ultimate or Smash 4. I liked the game as a kid, but going back my god does it feel slow). Both of these first two aspects also put a lower skill ceiling on the game in general. It's also a really ugly game. It just looks like a really generic Unity game. Sure, they did make a right decision in trying to not do the same old brown and grey shooter, and I appreciate the effort, but the game doesn't have a type of aesthetic appeal or something really signature that pops out. Idk, the best way to describe it is that it has the same sort of look as some of the uglier and worse Dreamworks movies. Sure, it resides in the general realm of Pixar and the better Dreamworks movies, and I appreciate the attempt to make it colorful and bright and give it a look, but it just ends up looking really soulless and ugly. In general, the game doesn't have any sort of atmosphere to get drawn into. Music plays a part in this too btw. But when you compare to, say, Overwatch, or Halo, or Doom, or even something like Gears of War or CoD, it just feels really fucking generic. You can't be immersed in it. You can't look at some fanart or listen to some music and say "oh, this reminds me of Fortnite". Much of what draws me into games is just not present there - it neither pulls me in with a story/atmosphere/world, nor does it satisfy me on a purely mechanical level. As a result, it just feels really blah.
https://twitter.com/Rockets_Insider/status/1076922162764791808?s=09
Let's not act like the Suns have ever been that good while Booker was going off. Luka is 0-5 for these 5 games, but he was putting up stats when Dallas was actually playing well too.
So the year?
It's going to last as a franchise, yes. But as a game, not really. No individual 2K game is looked back upon for changing some part of the industry. The older games are quickly forgotten. No one will go back and play 2k13 the way they will for RL.
The PS2 had hit 100 million by that point. You're seriously underestimating the PS2's popularity and overestimating how much the XBox sold compared to it.
But why do I give a crap about the company again? I'm assessing the games.
Tbf, he wasn't high on him to be a superstar or franchise cornerstone. Expectations matter. Booker is being discussed in that way. He was high on Bender in a "possible all-star/GREAT role player" sort of way.
Jokic has made Denver one of the best offenses in the league for multiple years in a row now. Tell me when Ayton reaches that level. Meanwhile, KAT might have the most versatile offensive skill-set of any big man ever. Tell me when Ayton reaches that level.
And y'all think you don't? They're better at this than just about anyone in this thread is.
Yeah, where the fuck is Marquesse Chris amiright?
Of the GMs that took Ayton over Doncic - 1/1 of them got fired. Of the GMs that didn't take Doncic - 1 got fired, the other 2 have been heavily criticized for it. Maybe I'm bad at math, but I don't exactly think that's most, BUDDY.
https://twitter.com/ElGee35/status/1076933004230938624 Advanced stats disagree on which one is better, so let's say they're roughly similar. Now, from there, one has been on a team that has actually won, the other is in their 4th season on a team that has NEVER won. This is like people saying Boogie was the best center in the league across much of his career. I'm sorry, but you only get so much leeway without proving you can make a team win EVEN ONCE. The Kings were WIDELY considered to be worse than the Suns and yet somehow Fox has helped turned them around in one season. I hear the excuses about Murray and Mitchell vs Booker all the time - what's his excuse when compared to Fox? But please, go ahead and call anyone who disagrees with you a hater. Booker is good. But he's going to be a "2nd best player on a contender" level of good at best. That's fine. Plenty of great players like that.
You're going to need to give me numbers for that. KAT has similar physical tools and athleticism and is better in the post. Jokic flat out made post-ups (and mid-rangers) into an efficient shot FFS. He literally made a post-up reach &gt;1.00 PPP ffs. Do you realize how difficult that is? And that's on top of his ridiculous playmaking. Both also have FAR more range - they're legitimately great shooters from deep. Rookie Jokic got no burn and the advanced stats had him as a fucking god when he finally was allowed to play (also, a dude who stopped drinking multiple liters of Cola every day a little before his rookie season started is naturally going to get more leeway for his rookie season lol). Meanwhile. Towns as a rookie was fairly similar, with the advanced stats either barely or fairly favoring him. I will note that his coach was dog-shit - I actually think your current coach is good, regardless of what Suns fans will say. He also looked better defensively, especially at that point (his first 20 games iirc were more impressive because of his defense in fact. KAT's big issue is he's basically stagnated from that point on).
Age isn't irrelevant whatsoever. As you get older (or more importantly, have more experience in the league) you show more and more of who you are, and narrow the range of potential outcomes. For a prospect list that desires upside above all-else, that's important.
Some rebuilding teams look worse than others. Some rebuilding teams (supposedly) have more talent than others.
Don't like - move to a different forum. Before we had ridiculously large websites like this, you had a ton of different forums. Lack of site-wide moderation especially leads to so much of what is wrong about Reddit.
Just like MHX, she suffers from not having lightsabers on her best clothing ascensions.
DAYMAN!
That's more the Fuyuki's grail system being meant to be busted - the OG 3 families were going to get the 3 knight classes and thus tried to rig it slightly in favor. Hence, knight classes tend to have the better servants in lore. EDIT: Although maybe I'm messing up the order here, and knight classes naturally have the slight advantage already and the 3 families thus called dibs on them.
Err... Asterios is a GREAT servant. He's honestly busted in some cases. He has the strongest debuffs in the game, and a fairly well-rounded and good skillset overall.
They did a Sloan conference one, comissioned by Morey iirc.
Send me this sauce.
Hakeem, and arguably Duncan if you consider him to he 80% of the time a center.
The Kings have also been the clutchest team, and of the 14 teams in the West they have the worst net rating.
Fuck off with this saying.
He's taking bad shots off the dribble far too often. If he just stuck to being Klay he would be so much better.
"He wasn't as good at efficient shots so wasn't as efficient".
Giannis is stronger and lengthier and has developed his post game way more. The first two sound weird given that Simmons has those strengths, but he isn't on Giabnis' level. Giannis is doing prine-Shaq shit at the rim right now.
He posts a LOT of fanart on a LOT of subreddits. And thank God for that. Like, I spend a ton of time on Pixiv and Twitter and I can't get close to his level.
AD above anyone else is worth that risk. At least with Kawhi, you had the missing year to account for.
&gt;The Celtics want their chance, and if they get it, expect them to be ultra-aggressive even without any assurances from Davis that he will re-sign. The Celtics are confident in the team and culture they have built under Brad Stevens. For all the Celtics have done, they don't have that top 7 level superstar. I say yes.
Nope, especially not today. Defense is more 35-45% of the game.
He's missing too many games. Has yet to play a B2B. Now, for the team's aspirations (they can survive without him and get a high seed) and potential for the playoffs (asides from the concern on if he can handle that suddenly larger grind), that makes sense. But for the MVP race it doesn't.
Sure. Give links pls.
The longer you've been there the more you can appreciate a team's history, especially a tortured team's history. This is natural. And people who have watched the Warriors for longer have also likely watched basketball for longer on average, because no such guarantee exists with newer fans. More importantly - rich fans could still go when tickets weren't so expensive. It's not a case of replacement of poorer fans by richer ones - richer ones could always be there. It's a case of exclusion. Unless you're with the Warriors organization, this isn't something you should be happy about.
Gonna offer anything other than anecdotes buddy?
Availability is the best ability.
There's only one thing I really pay attention to in the standings - how far are we from Golden State on the loss column. That has kept me going in the worst times. Asides from them, and maybe OKC, there's no one I truly fear in the West. Every other team just has holes that the Rockets will pry open and cause nightmares with.
Some combo of 2/3 of Robin, Arash, and Kuro can do it with support.
And their western conference title runs were incredibly incredibly rough. 6th seed 1995 Rockets still have the record for the toughest road to the championship of any team that won.
1 out and they win a championship. Then that happened on a routine catch. Nah, that's way worse.
Oh really?!...
Okaaaay then. Just telling you in advance that it's coming.
https://twitter.com/Rockets_Insider/status/1078842682338877440 &gt;From yesterday: “We all thought February or March was gonna be his date.” - Coach D’Antoni on Brandon Knight and how the team plans to continue work him back. #Rockets⁠ ⁠
He was never gonna look this early on. He's still coming back from injury, and hasn't played for a LONG time.
How can you seriously say that when a single look at Young's shooting splits says you're wrong? Trae is having the struggles you would expect from him and has been fine, but this statement is nowhere close to being true.
Wiggins is a negative player atm (given his usage). So no, not really. There are multiple players on your team as is that are better and plenty of examples of small markets doing a better job of building around stars without doing shit like the Wiggins contract when the market wouldn't have given him that and he hadn't proven anything.
Kyrie moves to avoid contact. He's a heavy finesse player and it's gone up even more as he has tried to preserve his body.
Or maybe he and Tobias Harris are just more likable, and you're getting too into your feelings about the Lakers not being on this super short list? Although he's still wrong - Boban wasn't on that list.
haha very funny DAE Harden is Hitler?
Hmmm... this seems very familiar.
This is always the worst feeling. Hands, feet, and spine always fuck up so much fanart. And when you notice them, you can't stop seeing it.
We're.... Where? That link goes nowhere.
And then gave us the best player.
And yet people don't understand concepts of help defense and strong and weak sides on defense and all that other shit. What a ridiculous comment.
So tell me, what shows you that he's playing for this foul call in this clip? Maybe him going for the timeout?
jfc you guys underestimate Gobert. FFS.
TS% of 62.2%, eFG% of 54.1%. Using FG% is so dumb, especially for a perimeter player.
2014-15, especially when you consider injuries. Also 2012-13. He also did a lot of carrying in 2015-16 to get the team to the playoffs. Seriously, go look up those rosters.
He's gone from saying "they don't pay me to play defense" to "I've improved in all facets". That is an improvement on the defensive end - at least he knows it isn't a good thing to play badly on defense.
Err... MCW first.
JB made McHale look good and loved playing Corey Brewer a ton. He ain't good.
What the fuck is Giannis + 4 shooters supposed to be?
&gt;the rockets themselves have adapted the high volume 3s strategy We started before they ever did &gt;not only taking more 3s than any team in history and have had a higher volume of 3pt attempts for every single year since the Warriors became competitive.
We're one of the slowest teams in the league (still ridiculously fast by previous standards, tbf, but opposing teams inflate that) and ISO like crazy. What?
No, he's just not dumb.
Every Luka post shits on teams that didn't take him. Every Ayton or Trae Young post shits on Luka specifically. Hmmmm.... (Meanwhile JJJ posts are salt-free and he never gets that on, asides from whenever brings up the possibility that he's better than Ayton - and guess what, he's damn good enough to make that into a legitimate conversation).
Well, there was also Mario Odyssey. But Nier is definitely right after those two.
Angra's bond CE gives him extra dmg vs beasts.
Well, for one, they might like him. For two, he has a bond ten interlude (skill improvement, but also his only interlude). For three, you can use him for memes against Beast class enemies, because his bond CE gives him the only class advantage you'll find against Beasts.
That would be a world in which you aren't utilizing talent properly. Who cares if the fit is somewhat sub-optimal - Harden and Russ would've been 2 of your 3 best players.
The Rockets are currently giving a ton of minutes to G-league players and Austin Rivers. CP3 and Gordon are NOT having good seasons so far (Gordon is shooting ABYSMALLY in fact). They've had injury issues. Etc. etc.
2 major things I keep an eye on - the Warriors' L column, and to a lesser extent, the Thunder's. No other team scares me. The Nuggets are great but we're a matchup nightmare for them.
There are very few players for whom this isn't true. You're facing the best defenses in the league. It's to be expected.
The point is that if anyone were to avoid it it would be him. Between all the leagues he was playing in and his teams' successes, he played a LOT of games last year. Normally rookies have about 30 games total as what they're used to, lower pace and minutes or not.
Not really - bench units play against other bench units. There's still reasons most of them don't regularly close games - they wouldn't be as good against a starting unit. Let's say the team is always gaining when it's bench units are playing against other bench units. You still need starters who will play against the other team's best players and at least maintain those leads.
Man, I remember feeling so bad for you guys when you hired him. He's even worse than McHale had been.
I think bringing them up with regards to percentile within that position/role might have worked, but even then, Doncic has the Harden thing going on where he takes the tough off-the-dribble 3s for the team, which end up making the percentage look worse than he actually is.
And yet Pippen has been better than any player Bron has ever played with. Jordan already had that other star.
Lol drafting for position. You take the talent 10 times out of 10. Not doing BPA is a BAD idea.
CasCu gets so shafted despite being the most important ally servant in the entire game.
Animated Gray and Flat dear God yes.
Iirc, "none of the gods will make an appearance", leaving it vague. A LOT of the various religions seem to have some sorta of basis in reality (even the 7 w/stranded Davos sorta gets a scene backing it up)
The REAL start of it all was the butchery job they did with Stannis.
Great moments. That's what you're listing, that's what D&amp;D chased, and that's why the show went to shit.
Idk, just don't like it that much, can't pin down why. Also don't care for her voice tbh. For reference, Skyward Sword Zelda, Spirit Tracks Zelda, and Tetra (not WW Zelda, who sucks and is even worse than other Zelda because she actively replaced a great character) are the holy trinity of Zeldas
Wait holy shit I was last following this at sub 4 wtf happened?!
No, but the issue is that people fucking loved it for just what it was and nothing else. All it was at the start and end was a convenient way to deal with a bunch of plotlines in the most inelegant way possible
Nah, because they were actively going against a lot of his established character traits, especially by making the most atheist character in the series a religious fanatic.
Nope, iirc the Daynes don't have Valyrian ancestry.
The real stupidity of it all is that the major theory about what Stannis is planning to do in the battle is actively use the blizzard and the low visibility it brings about to his advantage.
It would've been cool if he did what he's likely to do in the books - openly bait the enemy calvalry on to their best terrain (frozen lake), that's been weakened heavily by the ice-fishing his army had relied on, and then flanking in them in the near-zero visibility to close the trap
We've sorta scene him via wolf-dream, or at least, have seen Shaggydog.
Here's the problem - Stannis sees the throne as Shireen's right too
He only ever sacrifices people who were going to die anyways. Sure, beheading would be more humane, but Melisandre DOES have power that HAS actually helped Stannis, and he knows it, so it's not that unreasonable to sentence people who would otherwise have still died to burnings.
He burned people for believing in different religions (when most of his army doesn't believe in it). That's being a fanatic. Especially compared to Stannis in the books who has proof that Melisandre does have power yet still doesn't pray for any religion
I wonder what that dude thinks of Shinji Ikari.
Everyone Stannis has burnt are people who would be sentenced to executions anyways. Now, burning is still a painful way to go out, but he hasn't killed anyone over religion, and to be fair Melisandre DOES have power. Does this make clear how big of a departure show Stannis is?
I hit cabin fever by day 3 or 4 of a vacation, am bad at initializing and getting up and doing things that don't immediately draw my attention and need to be done, and just generally have alot of stuff I want to do. But the first two parts are the biggest issues. It's too easy to lose all track of time and for one day to bleed into the other.
I mean... That's really not that uncommon. People do that exact thing with their parents or other elder-guardian-ish figures all the time. In fact, it's probably more common for it to happen than it to not happen.
No, the Kings of the Trident definitely did exist, even if they didnt by the time of the Conquest.
Yup. I can see how frustrating it is, because so many of the characters, like Arya, Sam, maybe Sansa, etc. would benefit from it. Generally, the ones who are doing some sort of training arc atm. It would also allow for the effects of the previous war to better crystallize and for us to more easily see how things are progressing. But too many areas, like the North, King's Landing, etc. would be moving WAAAY quicker. Maybe George should've said "fuck it" and added hyperbolic time chambers that can cover specific regions (Braavos, Oldtown, the Vale).
Here's the issue, imo - the lines were always arbritrary. Would you think to split the NBA by height? Most martial arts types of sport have the right of it by splitting according to weight class.
There are arguments to be made against the UN on this issue. Y'all are dumb as shit to pick this one. The UN is big enough to do a lot of different stuff, including working on those issues you've mentioned.
&gt;We segregate sports by sex because men are biologically more suited for heightened physical activity as compared to women. These traits are linked to the biological sex of the person. Similar to how you mention weight in martial arts. That's the key point of it. The reason we have men's leagues and women's leagues is because of top-end performance differences in combination with a familiar societal line of gender. So again - why do we not separate the NBA into tiers of height? Why is a trans female beating out her competition an issue, but Yao Ming or Shaq basically invalidating anyone below certain height &amp; weight thresholds not? It's really really arbritrary, and what's more, hardly common.
Martial arts gets the closest to doing it the right way via weight classes. I said as much. You missed the point entirely. I'm saying that if the argument to exclude trans female athletes is based upon differences in performance, than there are a LOT of sports leagues that need to revise how they divide up their competitors, if they do so at all.
But why is basketball split into men and women? That's the issue. It's entirely based on performance, and a familiar societal line. And Yao Ming and Shaq and every other 7-footer, while not broken in the current NBA, invalidate any chance for plenty of shorter people to be in the NBA (both for defense and due to the rim protection provided).
&gt;There is nothing arbitrary about it, there is a clear biological difference between men and women, it's a simple fact There's a clear biological difference between people the size of Shaq and people the size of Muggsy Bogues, and a clear biological advantage for one of them. Yet only one basketball league. Again, if your argument is based on difference in performance (FAIR ARGUMENT - don't let me tell you otherwise. You just should be consistent with it), we'd better start examining most of the sports leagues out there.
&gt;is because if we allowed them to compete alongside each other in the same division it would be only men in the top of the rankings, which just isn’t fair for the women. Yet the Shaqs and Yaos of the world immediately being at the top of their sports with clear advantages don't make things unfair for any basketball player who is below 6 feet? Again, you're using PERFORMANCE as your distinction, but failing to recognize that we don't use that distinction in other sports as is.
I said martial arts gets it the closest. The point of weight classes is to separate by performance. If it isn't fair, then the tiering ought to adjusted. But please, tell me all about how I said a grown man should be allowed to beat up a woman. That's obviously what I saidm
But I'm not saying height is the only factor. I'm just saying someone the size of Shaq sends a lower bound on size. Steph is only small in the world of basketball - he's still a tall human being. Simply put, there are no short guys in the NBA. Height is DEFINITELY a factor. The 7-footer may not invalidate the 6-footers, but they do invalidate anyone at or below the average male height.
Why isn't there a need to?
Is male/female not just another physical advantage like height, weight, etc? One that doesn't necessarily make you better or worse, but certainly contributes? If so, why is there an NBA and a WNBA? Why do we separate basketball by gender. You cant use "it's a team sport" to mitigate the overwhelming role of natural genetic factors like height, weight, athleticism (in terms of vertical bounce, 2nd jumps, acceleration, deceleration, etc. Etc.). Those are still HUGE factors, even if not as overwhelmingly so as in 1 vs 1 sports. How about this - would a league of taller women and shorter men work for you?
I'm not denying that there is a rabbit hole. I'm just pointing out that the rabbit hole goes FAR deeper than some people want to acknowledge, and that the hole hasn't really mattered to people till recently.
I'm not saying it's close to perfect. As is, we actually have two dividing lines - male/female, and weight. And as far as two-factor dividing lines go, it works pretty well. But naturally it isn't the cleanest cut, and that's where we have issues. If the ruleset and dividing lines need to be adjusted than they need to be adjusted. Safety and competitiveness (for the sake of entertainment) need to be preserved. But if we officially acknowledge that the dividing line here is performance, we're opening a MUCH larger can of worms.
Give me his wingspan and standing reach. Oh, and give me this data in terms of a graph of the heights of all NBA players, oh, and of all NBA all-stars (though positional designations will make this biased), and all NBA MVPs.
It's easy to distinguish the 7-footers from the 6-footers, is it not? Again, why don't we split the NBA according to height?
No, I'm not. I'm trying to point out that isn't a simple issue. I agree that there is an issue right now, particularly in contact sports leagues. It's one that needs to be addressed. I'm just suspicious of people jumping out of the woodwork talking about unfair genetic differences when it comes to this particular issue when unfair generic differences have always been a part of sports. Yes, in an ideal world, everyone could do everything. In a semi-ideal world, we'd have some sort of formula that takes into account height, weight, hormones, acceleration, deceleration, sex, etc. and would somehow assign players into tiers based on that to make for compelling leagues in different sports. Of course, the level of precision I'm describing there is impossible. But it's not a case of "everyone doing everything" like you say it is. It's far more detailed about the differences.
1. We're gonna have to agree to disagree. 2. As far as I'm concerned, women and men might as well be in the same leagues, if those leagues were separated by performance. I don't really care about the gender or sex past the performance of the athletes.
These "shorter" players are still tall. The tallest NBA players place a lower bound on the height of other NBA players. Yes, a league of 6-footers can handle 7ft players, but not below that. If no 7 footers existed, the issues with have average or shorter height guys would greatly diminish. If 7 footers never played basketball and suddenly started, it would disrupt the status quo of whatever basketball league was there, and it would become apparent real quickly how many players would be invalidated by 7 foot players.
Tbh, I honestly sorta like Aegon, f or not, and really hope he doesn't just act as a foil or fodder for some other major character. And while I lean fAegon, I can't figure out the 3rd head, or why it should REALLY matter if he's a Blackfyre or not.
Tbh, it feels like the most likely scenario at times. They either they were totally isolated (Rhaegar himself disappeared sure, but he had at least heard at some point and managed to reappear for the Battle of the Trident), Lyanna didn't care (doubtful), Rhaegar insulated Lyanna from the information (very bad), or Lyanna knew and couldn't leave (very bad).
From what I understand: Before, they only had the BiT Skyloft bits to work with and apply onto maps. They figured out how to get BiT Faron, which fills in way more of the spreadsheet for how many bits they have access to. Some of those bits in Faron lined up with MASSIVE skips.
I mean, that's true, but they also get the benefit of not being SO grating when I don't like them because I'm unfamiliar with the language.
It just keeps happening
Anime guys with chokers ffffuuuuuccckkk me
No, it's because Mya was his first kid and also preceded the whole Rebellion and becoming king business (where Robert starts hating alot more of life). I mean, Robert wasn't involved in Gendry's life was he?
Ok, but why? Especially with fantasy, which animation can do SOOOO much better.
Although tbh the first one was completely unmemorable and the second absolutely incredible (both iterations)
No, most shonen protags will show SOME sort of attraction at some point. The only one that seems to be close to Luffy is Goku, but he got married and has kids. Luffy is just completely asexual.
The best forums tend to have good but oftentimes harsh mods.
Yeah, but other male characters show some form of attraction at different points. Luffy shows absolutely nothing.
You know Arya, we really ARE a Song of Ice and Fire.
It never being confirmed would be cool. People have an irrational hate-boner for fAegon, and seem to want him to be fake to an unnatural degree.
This is always the most frustrating thing. Jaime is mad at Ned for judging him without full context, but never, NEVER, gives the full context to ANYONE, because obviously no one would believe the full context so he shouldn't even try.
The dumbest fucking excuse ever. "No one would believe me so I told no one so that I could continue to live in my fantasy world where no one would believe me, feel vindicated about myself, and never have to possibly face the possibility that I'm wrong about this"
One that Jaime never bothered to challenge.
A+ reasoning from Jaime. Truly no flaws with this idea.
That's the point. Jaime only killed the Mad King when it was easy for him to do so and would put him in Robert's good graces. He had no reason to believe that Jaime had had to balance between honor and the greater good. Without Jaime providing the extra context, killing the king looked entirely self-serving - to prevent any possibility of him losing his head or having to take the black. Edit: Again, it didn't have to be during an impossible situation like with Rickard and Brandon Stark's deaths. But there should've been other opportunities other than the one where Lannister men were literally sacking King's Landing at the exact same time. Also, Jaime just let caches of wildfire stay where they were all across King's Landing.
Oh, and those caches of wildfire all over the city? Don't bother telling anyone about them. Nah, 0 way for that to become an issue later down the line.
Haven't seen this on reddit, but whaaaatever.
lol
Her hands freak me out.
Jonaldo del Rivera
For other teams, I'd agree. For a newer team that didn't have an identity before those guys, no, they deserve whatever the org gives them.
...... Ok y'know what whatever I don't care.
Morey stays in the exercise room and can't even watch iirc.
&gt;A sheriffs department isn’t going to lie about someone pushing/hitting one of their officers in front of all those people. This seems naive.
Not keeping track of Littlefinger and how exactly he was finding all the extravagance was being a bad ruler. He just was pulling the classic old person move and leaving the issue to future generations.
Oh, and fudging the books a ton.
Too bad the saying goes "a few bad apples spoils the bunch"
Jesus...
Ron's hands in that piece are freakish. They're so fucking small and I can't get over it and it ruins the rest of the pic.
It's creepy, but funny from Victarion's perspective (once you get to understand him) because you can just hear his last two brain cells freaking the fuck out and short circuiting not understanding what she meant and how he felt about the interpretation he gave it whatsoever. So it ends up being less creepy and more "oh, poor, stupid Victarion"
Absolutely is. GRRM paints a FAAAR more nuanced picture of religion and its adherents. The high sparrow and faith militant, for its faults, represents the outcry of a thoroughly oppressed and terrorized general population. They aren't malevolent or hateable - they have their pros and cons. Stannis is painted as a fanatic, because what else could a ruler who allows for the burning of people be? Nevermind he only burns people who would otherwise be executed, and the show never bothers to criticize any other type of execution. The show's general aversion to magic and its utilization also makes a lot of religious characters look much more ridiculous.
I'm officially Karna'd out.
Generally, I'd agree, but there are the occasional moments where the characters do things that are far better for how young they are. Especially when it comes to certain characters' mindsets. Like, Arya has a lot of moments where she does impossible shit, but also has a lot of moments in the Riverlands where it just hits you how young she is (both in innocent and loss of innocence moments) and you start tearing up. I love badass grizzled warrior Brienne, but book Brienne being 19 and thus not having had time to deal with some of the conflicts regarding honor that she is, her huge doubts about her identity and how she feels like a failure to a father that seems to love her, etc. are all lost. Sansa and Bran both are probably better with the age-ups, but do lose a lot of those adorably innocent thoughts with it. Like, Sansa has an excuse for being so fucking stupid at times, y'know? But I think Robb, of all the characters off the top of my head, loses the most in the ageing up. The way he suddenly has to be responsible for so much just kills you when he does break down. When he's telling Catelyn he needs her and that he doesn't know what to do with Rickon. When he cries and Bran is the one comforting him. Etc. Overall, I agree with the ageing up though, given the lack of region-specific hyperbolic time chambers (which would solve all these issues).
Arya also manages to skinchange and see through a cat's eyes in Braavos. So there's one. Then Rickon definitely is somewhat more like Bran in terms of magic powers, given that he also has moments where he knows things he couldn't yet know via dream. More importantly, GRRM said they're all wargs. That closes the discussion.
No one deserves the Euron treatment. FFS.
Silver hair might've still broken it, given iirc Ashara had dark hair
Arya has some of the saddest lines. She needs so many hugs at so many different points.
Or when she wonders whether her family would accept her after all she has done &gt;And her lady mother, what would she say? Would she still want her back, after all the things she'd done? Arya chewed her lip and wondered. -Arya, ASoS Or when she thinks about how her mom used to fuss over her hair: &gt;"My hair's messy and my nails are dirty and my feet are all hard." Robb wouldn't care about that, probably, but her mother would. Lady Catelyn always wanted her to be like Sansa, to sing and dance and sew and mind her courtesies. Just thinking of it made Arya try to comb her hair with her fingers, but it was all tangles and mats, and all she did was tear some out... -Arya, ASoS &gt;The Hound had hacked handfuls of her hair off only two days past. He was an even worse barber than Yoren, and bed left her half bald on one side. Robb wouldn't know me either, I bet. Or even Mother. -Arya, ASoS God damnit Arya why?
What's the equivalent to the Rhoynish, who also came across the Narrow Sea fleeing the Valyrians, and joined the native Dornish to form modern Dorne? I'll also say that while a lot of ASOIAF takes these inspirations, GRRM also mixes up his historical (and fictional) inspirations A LOT, such that you oftentimes can draw comparisons but they'll break down. For example, find exactly who the Richard III counterpart is - it's split all over the place.
Because we needed to see Victarion's last two brain cells try desperately to understand what Asha meant when she said "rule together" and whether he was ok with what he thought was the implication before they gave up and died. All while he gets a half-chub. Victarion is so fucking stupid, and in general I don't like him, but my god does he have some of the funniest moments in the series. The monkeys are another great example of this.
You got D's motherfucker, D's, Rosie Perez
I'd actually prefer if, for all the R + L = J issues, it really just makes Jon a Sand instead of a Snow. Well, also lets him ride a dragon too I guess.
I'll accept a "he should've been a Sand instead of a Snow" (as a joke, who cares, he's a Snow) and/or "if he was a girl he would've been Visenya, but Rhaegar didn't think past that" at best. But that's it. No more.
They don't have goat eyes though...
Why does this fandom want so hard for fAegon, f or not, to be a villain or bad guy of some sort?
What is Braavos' natural resource?
I think part of it for me is I think Brandon Clarke is a better prospect and I also love the sort of player Clarke is.
Don't remind me.
Y'all are way too excited about Bol Bol. I was ridiculously low on him BEFORE the reports about his medicals being bad. He's not gonna translate to the NBA, even without the injury history.
When the person saying this had him 14 spots ahead of where he was picked on his person draft board, that person gets to call the player a potential steal.
He's untouchable until they finally need him not to be.
And it's something Sansa never helped or addressed. It's fair to say that Sansa was probably the most isolated of the Stark siblings, sure. But it's also fair to say that she was mean to Arya, even if by ASOIAF standards that isn't really the biggest crime.
Was he Northern though? It's only according to the hardest of the hard iron born that he isn't iron born. But why should they decide the definition? Theon's original mistake wasn't in mistaking his identity, but allowing others to get him confused.
Sansa/Alayne is the only one who is on a similar level as Arya and Theon.
He's also not an iron born according to most of the dummies among the iron born. We never really see what many of the other "non-ironborn-ish" iron born think of him, iirc. Like, Rodrick Harlaw might not really get along with him, but are we sure he would not consider Theon and iron-born? And if he's not an iron-born, then what is he? He has a lot of the North, sure, but he's definitely not pure Northerner, that's for sure.
And that time Amaterasu fled into a cave and refused to come back out.
Well, probably the 80s actually (iirc)
He also had another game against them where he was 1 steal away from a 5x5. We were just about out of centers iirc and he was guarding the post
Player choice should only really matter in games that choose to make it a core feature. If the idea of player choice isn't that big of a deal in the core concept, it shouldn't be hamfisted in. It's like the obsession with open-world games, or giving games online modes, when oftentimes taking the core concept of the game and focusing it more such that you can better control how the player experiences the game would make for a better game. Do you complain in a book when authors deliberately hide a few details for whatever purpose?
Sounds sorta like how the Metroid Prime games tell their story via the scans.
People in power should be held to a higher standard. End of discussion.
I'm sorry but this is a little too hard to see. Mordred is so far from being the Ara Ara type. At best she'll pull some real chivalrous knight shit and make someone's heart suddenly flutter.
Is the male protag of this Pochi work as cute as the one in Ane Naru Mono is? I swear to God that protagonist is 100x cuter than his demon older sister. Took me by total surprise. The way Pochi draws eyes always gets to me.
Eric Gordon and Capela are on below-market value contracts. Who is better than Gordon that the Sixers could get, especially with the space they have after trying to get Harris and JJ back?
I want to take the Arya-Tywin scenes, frame them, treat them with all the love I can, and keep them as far as I can from the rest of the series. If that makes sense. I love them and it really is a beautiful puzzle piece, but a puzzle piece that doesn't fit ANYWHERE. EDIT: Looking back, the biggest issue isn't even with Tywin. For Tywin it's a moment of extremely strange OOC-ness, but long-term, they just pretend it never happens. But for Arya, Harrenhal is a formative experience. She's in a place where her life is CONSTANTLY in danger from people who give no shits about her or her life. The first time I read through the Harrenhal bits I had that frustration about who Arya chose to kill. The second time, I realized that she's a child and that these people actively terrify her and that her life is in danger. Maybe for the realm as a whole, a "Tywin-Joffrey-Cersei" list would've made things much better, but for Arya Stark, especially given how unsure the assassinations are in terms of time, there's a damn good chance she's dead or mutilated before those Tywin-Joffrey-Cersei are dead and it can make the Mountain's Men GTFO of Harrenhal. Tywin Lannister overall is more threatening, but to Arya Stark, Weese, Chiswyck, Raff, etc. were much more likely to take her life. Not to say she couldn't have done better and struck a balance, but so much of what happens in Harrenhal is an emotional response and her trying to stay alive at the very edge. There wasn't time for her to process and properly think. This all ends up making Arya much more terrified and paranoid, and thus Arya's growth stops seeming like something to be celebrated.
Cause the fucker added fire back into the mix by marrying his sister.
Even to this day, some of the much smaller boards are free from the BS
Cat suffers because a lot of what she was wrong about she acted on, whereas a lot of what she was right on is ignored. It's really tragic looking back. Oh, and her relationship with Jon.
Arya chewed her lip and calls people and things stupid (both mentally and out loud). Sometimes her chapters have lines with like 5 'stupid's in them. Oh, and every single one of Syrio Forel's sayings. Yeah, Arya has a LOT of these.
Jon always thinks of Robb with snowflakes melting in his hair iirc.
Agreed. The sad thing is that Ned not telling Cat was probably still the right move. Even if Ned knew he could've 100% trusted Cat at the start, there would be questions if she wasn't disdainful to mean of Jon. Maybe not in a modern setting, but for that time alarm bells would be ringing as to why Cat was ok with Jon or even seemed to like him. Now, there are two major caveats to my defense of Cat: 1) What she was doing to Jon at Bran's bedside was FAR over the line (though it's understandable how it happened given her state. Not ok, but understandable). 2) Maybe they deserved the truth when Jon was finally older and Cat had settled into disliking him (where a reveal would still be hurting Cat as a betrayal in trust, and Jon would still be safe as Cat would still not like him). But even then, Jon at the start of GoT was still pretty cocky about his heritage and status. I could understand why Ned may not have wanted to do it yet.
No Horford though
As someone who is scared of heights and terrified of the whole 'call of the abyss' that I get, my god is reading about the ascent to and descent from the Eyrie terrifying.
There's a brother-sister doujin where this happens.
Denver cooked your team all season long.
And failed, hence the theory.
He's another Morey disciple. I'm sorta expecting it.
He wont, but fully healthy EG will play better, a lot, and finish a lot of games
..
Know people who saw the Gerudo outfit &amp; went STRAIGHT there.
2-1, choked the loss.
Jokic kills most other types of bigs, but lob bigs that can run a LOT kill him.
It's a lot more hit or miss when you grow up with it though.
Nah, he's had a LOT of progress. Consistency, defense, and shooting (last one especially imo) arent where they need to be, but in terms of everything else, he's massively developed. Not gonna deliberate too hard on his contract or him becoming a superstar, but it isnt fair to say he's had no real progress.
Aye. Report them to mods of r/rockets All the Houston sports subs have a general policy of "team subs should be where fans have a safe space to let loose steam, even if it's the more irrational or dumbest shit you'll ever hear".
The Rockets also generally dont have the sort of shooters that get open &amp; you absolutely know you're done for (Klay, Reddick, Curry, Korver, etc.) They have a LOT of good to great shooters, but it can seriously vary. Edit: I guess one thing I would say is that there is some general directionality in terms of how Harden likes to pass that you can use when scheming, especially if you have the sort of length &amp; rim protection certain teams (like the Bucks) have.
Modi is a legitimately good start.
Err... they were always available to him. The strictness of that rule mainly applies to role players, and Harden has mostly opted-in separate from the rest.
First time I read I thought she was just brown. Honestly would've still preferred that.
I fucking love Luka and it pisses me off to hell and beyond that the next Harden (and next Rockets given the ebbs and flows of the Mavs) is in Dallas. Funny how people kept saying Rockets fans wouldn't support Harden on another team, but when he's playing for our most hated city (not sure about team, Warriors and Jazz make it close), we proceed to think he's awesome and lament that he plays for them.
I just entered this thread and I'm already sick of all the DDLB comments in here
I'm mad. Clippers need play-making that can also take a side-role to Kawhi/PG/Lou, and the Lakers need a PG, ideally one that can also defend. Gross gross gross. Blech.
I think the Lakers are more desperate, but the Clippers have two holes rather than one (but they're both shallower and they have a larger pool of players to trade)
Memphis thinks they might get better, Mavs willing to wait (and maybe raise the price if more bidding comes)
The next Harden plays in Dallas and I love watching him play. Near-exact same style.
Idk, I've seen a lot of this from guys in places like r/rolereversal A LOT of this sorta thing.
&gt;classy first one in, last one out guy you'd want your daughter to marry Hmmm....
I was trying to point out the innuendo in how they phrased it First one in the daughter, last one out. Real classy.
Giannis tend to have Brook Lopez and other monstrously lengthy guys on the court with him though.
The French also have a lot more rights. The protest culture might be a big part of that.
Protest culture in France has also been incredibly effective in ensuring their workers and citizens have far more rights and a higher QOL.
Most people would say exactly that.
"A riot is the language of the unheard" - MLK Jr. All these dudes understood the nuance of these topics. Protests arent supposed to be easy and convenient for you.
If being a little less civil means labor rights &amp; politicians being held to account, then let's be less civil
But violence HAS done exactly that in the past. It sucks that that is the case, but violent protests HAVE worked.
Not to mention how Astolfo constantly walks around with BDE and Jeanne gets incredibly flustered seeing it
This Astolfo is also a fuckboy tbh. Make Astolfo stereotypically masculine &amp; EVERYONE would realize it.
The boy is cuter dont @ me.
Mountains, deserts, and I'm fairly sure the portion west of those mountains are swamps. Just noting all that for no particular reason...
192711
It's really memorable, I like the artist, it honestly sorta comes up surprisingly often, and tbh, I had it open on my phone's 2nd browser already
Top one is a cutie too
When you're in Astolfo's polycule &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
From how I understand, bisexuality is more "attraction to multiple genders, and sometimes that attraction is different". Pansexuality is more "attraction regardless of gender, and there literally isnt a difference in the type of attraction" One is like liking sweet, sour, and spicy, the other is liking all of them but not necessarily being able to differentiate between them. At least I think. Idk. It's a fuzzy boundary.
It's a single degree
She was the one who complained about not referring to ISIS as a radical Islamic terror group iirc. So many of the classic anti-Muslim dog-whistles.
There are "bi culture" things that fit me and things that completely miss the mark. Unless you can actually figure out the link, treat it like a horoscope, or a universal thing that honestly most people love (see: hoodies).
Wait I might wanna be with the irradiated cat people
Making a boy blush vs letting a woman make me blush (Opposite is also great, but as a probability, I'd say I lean this way).
It started when racist people kept using it to refer to black people, again and again and again. Basically like their replacement for the n word, but with plausible deniability.
Welcome back to communism. You're now at it's more anti-authoritarian strains.
And which of those two you want them to do to you.
Yeah, but as someone who only sorta grew up with my parents primary language, I can relate. It's so fucking terrifying trying to speak in a language you only sorta know
By long hair &amp; short hair I honestly tend to mean about the same length tho. But yeah. Basically.
Blocking roads &amp; highways was used in the Civil Rights movement. It's not supposed to be convenient
Would love to hear you seeing that back in the civil rights movement too, when the exact same tactics were used. You think sit-ins never disrupted people who just wanted to eat at a particular diner or something?
"MLK actually didnt do a good job with protesting"
No. I came to watch a funny show, not another typical fantasy isekai. Also, yall are forgetting that the more complex designs means the animation would have more trouble being fluid &amp; exaggerated, something especially important in a comedy.
I saw this, then a while later went and watched the Alpharad video. Then came back here. Was not expecting that
Oh no, that's the wrong mindset to go into it with. You gotta go in expecting a trashy soap opera.
So unions should have even more power to prevent this BS. Ok
Good thing surgery isnt something kids are getting.
Literally one of the top posts on that subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/egg_irl/comments/b2qqld/egg_irl/ People on that subreddit are accepting of people taking their time, trying to figure out whether they are or not, etc. And that goes for people who arent trans too.
[Extremely relevant!](https://www.reddit.com/r/linkiscute/comments/dr0y3b/our_princess/)
I mean, liberals go from just right of center to somewhat left of center. There's a reason that in the UK the Lib Dems are the center party and Labour is the left-wing party.
Again, that would just be BPA, though it would get closer. Purely stylistically, JJJ wouldn't be a play-maker Fox has to share duties with. But he isnt as good of a fit for a high-tempo playstyle that Fox is really well-suited for, at least compared to Bagley. He would basically be the middle-ground between BPA and fit. Regardless they should've gone with Luka.
Not sure I agree with leaving out feral cats specifically. Theyre a major city predator, often liked by humans, great mobility, etc. They do have to worry about humans making the reproduce main quest impossible for them.
Also great for letting people justify their horrible views, whether conscious or not. But I do agree with the idea that it was also an easy trap for a lot of otherwise better for the time people.
I mean, he's also his own idiot.
https://twitter.com/NYPDDetectives/status/1272801631961260032?s=19 Gonna have to keep waiting
Yeah but tbh Bill sometimes needs someone to be a dick to him
God I would live for Haralabob telling Russillo he's being an idiot
Eh, the numbers on who actually voted didn't really show any unusual number of defections back in 2016. Like, it was about in-line with every other recent election. Only got attention because the election was so close. Turnout was definitely down for African-Americans, but I mean... that was to be expected. The biggest &amp; most concrete swing vote in 2016 was among voters who disliked both candidates. That group swung hard for Trump
Glad to see the entire subreddit has managed to come to the same conclusion on this issue.
Yeah, no reason why it would be relevant in thus conversation huh...
