You can usually tell the American tourist when he’s wearing tartan trousers But in all fairness like every single country in the world, you get good cunts and you get annoying cunts. It’s not unique to the US
Don’t tell the Lib Dems
Fuck Axanar
They do know that NASA are not the only Space Agency in the world?
Because it was a total con job from the outset.
See if you don’t like Discovery, that’s fine. But post this like this only embarrasses yourself and does nothing for the sub. You come across as a bit of a child I’ll also point out Discovery is available on Netflix, no need to have such a parochial view of the world Edit: Not to mention it’s possible to like both shows, it’s not one or the other
Honestly I don’t give a fuck. Nice to see your post has been deleted. Cheerio now
He was born only 10 years after the Wright Flyer first took flight. His parents would have been born in the 1800’s!
Janey Godley is just awful. I also get the impression most of her stories on Twitter about random encounters she has is just simple made up for attention on social media
We have anti catholic marches and organisations all across Scotland. I dunno how many times it has to be said For example, here is the parade route for [Inverness](http://www.bandparades.co.uk/event/star-of-the-north-lol-no-700-2) https://www.pressandjournal.co.uk/fp/news/inverness/1715540/parade-divides-inverness-as-highland-council-blamed-for-allowing-derry-march-in-the-city/ 2 months ago.... &gt; The parade, by Inverness Campsie Club, will see a number of temporary road closures in the city between approximately 3pm and 4.20 pm. &gt;The route takes in Green Drive, Culduthel Road, Castle Street, Bridge Street, Castle Road, Island Bank Road, Haugh Road, Ness Bridge, Young Street, Huntly Street and Wells Street, with various junctions closed on all these streets. &gt;Inverness Campsie Club is one of 39 clubs affiliated to the Apprentice Boys of Derry. Unsurprisingly the people in Inverness don’t want to see them as much as the people of Glasgow do in our city. It’s a problem all across Scotland. Don’t pretend otherwise
&gt; Its typically of the British Attitude towards the Irish though and this place in sewer when it comes to posts like this. The UK has always and continues to have an issue with Ireland and Catholic’s Anti Irish and anti catholic sentiment has been normalised for a very long time
Aye, no worries. The way it works is people born in NI have the choice to be British, Irish or both. It’s a bit of a unique situation.
&gt; It's not mate, it's my lived experience. I literally posted examples of anti catholic marches in the east and Highlands recently And you’re still arguing it? Fuck sake. Zero point having a discussion about it if you’re going to refuse to accept the reality of the situation It doesn’t matter how old they are, they’re still anti catholic bigots that march throughout Scotland. It’s a Scottish problem.
You seem desperate to try and pin it as a west of Scotland probably while ignoring the same issues elsewhere in Scotland.
If they don’t have problems with sectarianism then why do they have anti catholic organisations?
I’ve really upset you here for pointing out the simple fact that anti catholic marches happen in the North East of Scotland. I wonder why you’re getting so angry about it. Edit: Actually, I don’t care why. Telling someone to go and kill themselves because you don’t accept the truth says a lot about you as an individual
Has anyone actually asked him to come back? Without the new movies being successful I doubt we would have had Disco and Picard
First time I’ve used that BT 360 VR on the app It’s really good.
No chance that’s a penalty Edit; Fuck, the new rules
Pretty boring game so far to be honest
Well at least we don’t have to suffer another 30 minutes of extra time now
Watching Tottenham players collect the runners up medals. Why don’t they just give them out in a little box? Nobody wants to have it hanging around his neck. Saves that little bit of embarrassment of the runner ups knocking it back when going up to collect Just hand it to them.
Pretty sure some underground tunnels run right down to the Clyde from Central
I think he’s a cunt of a man. I remember when he tried to play the Celtic &amp; Catholic card trying to get into Holyrood Failed miserably He only cares about himself. Worth remembering Tottenham is an English club with a historically large Jewish support They’re not Israeli Zero need for him to bring up Israel in that tweet, it does make it look like he’s having a pop at Tottenham Jewish supporters. Not all Jews are Israeli and not all Israeli are Jewish. Edit. Trump does something similar when talking about Jewish Americans, insinuates that they have mixed loyalties to the US and Israel
I’m amazed YouTube isn’t regulated like traditional media is
Adults that behave like children never fail to amaze me
It insinuates that Tottenham supporting English Jews have mixed loyalties towards Israel Trump recently said something similar about American Jews Galloway is a nasty wee cunt that loved to stir up division so he can thrive on it.
Stephen McGowan claiming it’s real
The pub
Empowering women eh?
Who looks after the maintenance of it? GCC or is it privately maintained? If it’s being maintained by GCC as council tax payers expense then I agree it should be opened to the public
Apparently VVD recommendation Celtic should have signed him after playing against Robertson
I doubt the people who own and maintain it see it as a waste to be fair
Did you pay a fee for him? Seems a bit weird to allow him to have a release clause
New data has revealed Scottish councils have sold off more than 100 football pitches since 2010, prompting criticism of cuts to local government. The figures, which were obtained by the GMB union under freedom of information laws, showed huge differences in the number of football pitches sold off by different councils and the number of pitches they now have. The union said the sell-offs are a result of the Scottish Government’s “slash and burn” approach to council funding. Health experts say cutting recreational space will lead to people being less active and increase healthcare costs in future. The breakdown of the data shows that the majority of pitches sold off in Scotland were disposed of by West Lothian Council. It sold off 63 of its 203 football pitches. The biggest percentage sell off was by Dumfries and Galloway Council. The council only had ten council owned pitches in 2009-10 and had sold eight of these off by 2017-18 – leaving just two such pitches for its 150,000 residents. Scottish councils receive 85 per cent of their funding from Scottish Government which receives the bulk of its funding from the UK government. According to Cosla, which represents Scottish local authorities, funding for local government decreased ten times faster than funding for the Scottish Government between 2014-15 and 2019-10. West Lothian Council’s budget was cut by £4.7 million in 2019-20, prompting the council’s executive to call for a “fair funding settlement” from the Scottish Government. On top of this, Cosla said that demands on Scottish local authority budgets have been increasing as more people need services like adult social care or welfare advice. As the population gets older, councils must spend more on adult social care. Spending has gone up by 6.3 per cent since 2010-11 but this has not been enough to keep up with increased needs, Cosla said. The demands for support and advice on welfare are also growing, Cosla said. Between 2015-16 and 2016-17, the number of people seeking advice rose by five per cent while spending on advice was cut by five per cent. Cosla said that councils needed 2.6 per cent more funds in real terms in 2019-20 than they did in 2018-19. This was equivalent to a £255 million increase. On top of this, the Scottish Government has committed to fund new policies which cost around £325 million. This includes the expansion of early learning and childcare, the extension of free personal care to the over-65s and the employment of more school nurses and and counsellors. If these commitments aren’t matched by an increase in funding, savings would have to be made elsewhere by councils, Cosla said. As well as selling off football pitches, councils have reduced their spending on street cleaning by 30 per cent. Council pitches are often sold to property developers to raise funds to spend on other council services. Dumfries and Galloway Council sold three playing fields to the Dumfries and Galloway Housing Partnership for £715,000. The fields were used by the Dumfries Hunters American football team and local children and, after a backlash, the housing partnership sold the fields back to the council. In October 2018, the Scottish Government backtracked on plans to allow councils to sell off school playing fields and install synthetic pitches instead. NHS Scotland is trying to promote exercise as a way of reducing obesity and diabetes. It says physical inactivity leads to nearly 2,500 deaths in Scotland each year and just 63 per cent of adults and 76 per cent of children do the recommended amount of exercise. Scotland’s obesity rate is currently the highest in Europe. Around 65 per cent of Scots are considered overweight by the NHS and around 29 per cent are regarded as obese.
It’s not as if the Scottish media ever chin her for anything. I’m sure she isn’t really that worried
You try too hard.
I wonder if you’ll ever get bored of trolling on here. I do feel sorry for you at times.
[Yes. What was your point exactly?](http://www.bbc.com/news/health-38853700)
Voters
It was pretty fucking clammy coming into work this morning
I admire your straw clutching here.
See what I mean Absolute zero substance to your comments
Former SNP MP Natalie McGarry has been jailed for 18 months after embezzling more than £25,600. The 37-year-old admitted taking the cash from pro-Scottish independence organisations. She spent some of the money on a holiday to Spain with her husband and also used it to pay rent. McGarry pleaded guilty to two charges of embezzlement in April and on Thursday morning was sentenced at Glasgow Sheriff Court. McGarry, who represented Glasgow East for two years, embezzled £21,000 from Women for Independence (WFI) in her role as treasurer of the organisation. She was supposed to give £750 to Perth and Kinross food bank, which would have provided supplies for 30 families. More than £4600 was taken from the Glasgow Regional Association of the SNP while she was treasurer, secretary and convener. The court previously heard that McGarry had money problems and ended up £3750 behind with her rent. At one point she borrowed £600 from current justice secretary Humaz Yousaf, which she later repaid. McGarry was elected as an SNP member in 2015 but resigned the party whip following the emergence of fraud allegations - which she denied at the time - continuing in parliament as an independent. She was charged by police in 2017 and didn't stand at that year's general election.
[Women for Independence](http://www.womenforindependence.org/press_release_trial_sentencing) have put out a statement &gt;Independence for Women are pleased that the trial is now over. &gt;The missing money represented donations from women and men across Scotland to support the organisation's campaigning for Independence. For many these donations were a real sacrifice. &gt;Women for Independence has been long associated with campaigning for justice for women caught up in the criminal justice system. &gt;We were instrumental in the campaign to halt the building of the proposed super prison for women in 2014 and we launched Justice Watch in 2015 which has been acting as a citizens' witness programme regarding the reality for women and criminal justice. &gt;The general pattern of offending by women is such that we believe most women serving custodial sentences would be better served by community disposals which do not disrupt families, children or in the long run cost more but which can demonstrate real benefits to women to cut re-offending while making a valuable contribution to the community. &gt;We had no influence on the sentencing diet and recognise that we were not the only party injured by her actions. We respect the sheriff's decision given his comments on the seriousness of the matter. We are frustrated however that there are not more alternatives to prison available for sheriffs to consider and we will continue to campaign on this issue. I personally don’t see the issue with her sentence. She abused her power and was an MP To suggest she doesn’t deserve a custodial sentence for this because she is a mother is nonsense. Especially since the Husband is still in the picture.
And loyalties killings also Both sides committed horrific crimes Edit: Not to mention the British army also No cunt came out of this looking good
Hello there
Why not both?
The [ISS](https://twitter.com/weather_king/status/988304495527460869?s=21) took a cracking picture of it a while back You can see it’s connected by land
Disinfect the mask. You're gonna want to use baby powder in the suit, heavy on the joints. You don't want any chafing
LABOUR and the Conservatives will be wiped out in Scotland at a general election if they do not back a public vote on any Brexit deal, according to polling analysis. The SNP would win all but the LibDems' four seats in Scotland, with Scottish Labour forecast to haemorrhage 40% of their 2017 votes if an election was held now. Analysis of polling for pro-EU campaign groups Best for Britain and Hope Not Hate found that Labour would lose three votes to Remain-supporting parties for every one it would lose to the Brexit Party. Scottish Labour is due to decide whether to commit to backing a second referendum in all circumstances, as supported by leader Richard Leonard. Ruth Davidson’s Tories, meanwhile, are committed to support Brexit. A decision on the Labour policy will be made by the party's Scottish Executive Committee at a meeting in Glasgow on Saturday, with sources close to Leonard suggesting he is confident members will back a confirmatory vote with an option to remain. Pressure mounted for Labour to clarify its position on Brexit following a poor showing at the European elections which saw the party slump to fifth place with just 9.3% of the vote, lose both its MEPs and caused two frontbenchers to resign. With the polling pointing towards Labour being without any Scottish MPs for the first time in almost 100 years, campaigners have used the new polling to renew calls for Scottish Labour to unequivocally push for a second EU referendum while supporting remain. Best for Britain chief operating officer Naomi Smith said: "The consequences of Labour's ambivalent policy towards a final say on Brexit looks set to hurt them further. They're expected to lose almost half of their 2017 vote share, according to our analysis. "The Labour leadership now needs to pick a side, and that can start with the Scottish Labour executive committee voting to become a party of remain. "It's obvious which position Labour should take if it wants to be in government, and Scottish Labour leader Richard Leonard can demonstrate leadership on this for the entire UK party." According to analysis of the voting intentions of from 15,231 survey respondents, only 57% of people who voted Labour in 2017 said they would do so again in a new election. Some 30% would vote for Remain-supporting parties, with 19% going to the Lib Dems, 9% for Greens and 2% to Change UK. A further 2% would support the SNP – or Plaid Cymru in Wales – while 10% would go to the Brexit Party. Nick Lowles, Hope Not Hate CEO, said there is a majority for parties against a no-deal Brexit, but warned that Labour "is bleeding votes to parties that have taken a clear anti-Brexit stance". Lowles added: "This poll reveals a quite shocking surge in a hardline right-wing Brexit Party, led by a divisive and dangerous politician in Nigel Farage. "A hard Brexit, or a no deal Brexit, would cause untold damage to those communities where the far right wants to stir up division. "Labour will lose seats in areas that voted Leave if they continue to lose the support of Labour remain voters. It's counter-intuitive but it's the reality. "The evidence is clear – from this poll, and the recent election results – If Labour wants to win a majority at the next election, it needs to move to keep its Remain voters on board."
Better than the CL final so far.
Used to enjoy listening to Allan Preston go mental at how shite he was on the radio
I really enjoyed that game. Edit: Also love I absolutely love that French players name Le Sommer
Congratulations on still being a VL
So he’s back to being a dick again Some week
“Edinburgh live” Sounds like propaganda to me
It’s just a little wet.... it’s still good, it’s still good
&gt; I also dislike the regional assemblies, dislike identity politics The people of Scotland voted for. ... blah blah that goes with it &gt; anything else that is used as a wedge to divide us and mark our differences rather than celebrate our union. Ignoring Scottish voters/Scottish Government at a UK level is exactly the type of thing that is dividing the union. Look at Brexit for a recent example among many Absolute zero compromise from a party that hasn’t won an election in Scotland since the 50’s
That’s brilliant OP, genuinely made me laugh out loud
I’d argue for most people British and English is interchangeable. Some don’t even seem to understand the UK is made up of different countries
Which always makes me wonder, If Irish Unity happens What would happen with the FA’s? The Irish FA is considered the successor FA prior to partition, hence why they still have a seat on the [IFAB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Football_Association_Board) Would they just simply absorb the FAI? I doubt either FA’s would be quick to give up its autonomy Or would we be looking at an all new all Ireland FA? Which might mean then losing the seat on the IFAB. I’m also pretty sure that’s why Ireland are officially known as the Republic of Ireland under FIFA/UEFA as at the time after partition Northern Ireland still used the name Ireland for a few decades
Fucking yasss
That looked much better than I expected
The more things change, the more they stay the same Edit: Maybe not
&gt; Something new. I agree.... but you’ve seen the meltdown in here when Discovery was released for trying different things.
Fuck your VAR
Aye, looks like this new rule will allow zero leeway. Shite rule will ruin the game
Fuck it, I’m going out to cut the grass
They think they’re the victims when they can’t annoy catholic’s
McTominay, Armstrong and McGregor are our best 3 in midfield
Yet the same red tops will praise the pyrotechnics you see in Europe
It’s making me laugh considering how much the Scottish Tories have been banging on about Scotland being “the highest taxed” part of the UK Love to hear the spin on this
Nah, he’s Scottish
http://www.scotland-judiciary.org.uk/8/2210/HMV-v-Natalie-McGarry At Glasgow Sheriff Court today, 6 June 2019, Sheriff Paul Crozier sentenced Natalie McGarry to 18 months' imprisonment after the accused pled guilty to two charges of embezzlement. On sentencing, Sheriff Crozier made the following statement in court: “Before I pass sentence upon you I want it clearly understood that your decision to plead guilty to two out of four charges on this indictment was yours and yours alone, a decision taken, I understand, following legal advice. “Your pleas of guilty followed a lengthy procedural history in this case both before this court and prior to court proceedings being formally initiated. “You could have been under no illusions about the allegations that you faced and the steps that you required to take to prepare and present your defence in regard to those allegations. “From the time of the first diet calling on 21 February 2019 you were well aware that if you maintained your plea of not guilty to the indictment that your trial was scheduled to take place at some point in the period from 23 April until 26 April 2019. “When the case called on 24 April I was told by your solicitor that he understood that you would be pleading guilty but that he was no longer in a position to act for you and he withdrew from the case. I then, on more than one occasion, offered to continue the case until the following day to allow you further time to consider matters. You declined and insisted you wanted to plead guilty. “Before you tendered your pleas of guilty I read over the terms of the charges to you as amended and confirmed that you understood each charge. You said that you did and you then pled guilty to charges 1 and 2 only, your not guilty pleas were accepted in relation to charges 3 and 4. “I did not hear a Crown narrative that day because I was informed by the Crown that you had indicated that there were some matters within the written copy of the Crown narrative, which had been provided to you and your previous solicitor, with which you took issue. I was told that the substance of that written narrative had been provided to you and your first counsel prior to you dispensing with that counsel’s services. The updated written narrative took into account the matters raised by your second counsel and the plea agreed by your former solicitors. “The case then called on two further occasions at which you were represented by new solicitors and counsel, on one of those occasions you made a motion to withdraw your pleas of guilty which was refused for the reasons given at that time and I heard the Crown narrative on 10 May 2019.I thereafter called for the background reports which are now before me and your counsel indicated that he would address me today on your behalf with the benefit of those reports. “Turning now to the charges to which you have pled guilty. They are serious not only because of the sums involved, but because of the nature of the organisations from which the sums were embezzled and the position of trust you held in both those organisations and the periods over which the crimes were committed. It is not my intention to rehearse in any detail the narration provided to the court by the Crown on 10 May. “In relation to charge 1 you manoeuvred yourself into a position of trust in respect of being in charge of the finances of Women for Independence, an organisation of which you were a founding member and ultimately treasurer. You were to all intents and purposes in control of the finances of that organisation and when called upon to discuss those finances, or to report on them to and with other members of the organisation, you delayed or failed to respond. “I have no doubt that those delays and failures were down to the fact that you were not only incapable of carrying out your function as treasurer appropriately, but also your knowledge that you had used sums of money ingathered from the public and other sources for your own use, whether that was for paying your rent, payments to your husband, payments for Barclaycard Debts, partial payment for a holiday or other lifestyle expenses. “The money raised for Women For Independence was not only for the purposes of that organisation but for the benefit of others less well off in our society, including Perth and Kinross Foodbank and Positive Prisons, Positive Futures. “Your deceit extended to the very party which had selected you to stand for the position of MP and whom you represented at Westminster as MP, all as more fully set out in charge 2 and as described to me on 10 May. You were Treasurer, Secretary and Convenor of the Glasgow Regional Association of the Scottish National Party. “By 22 November 2015 the National Committee of Women for Independence had reached the conclusion that your conduct should be reported to the police. When you heard of this, rather than take responsibility for your actions, your attitude was: ‘Why am I being picked on? What have I done to deserve this?’ “I was told that your stated aim back then, approximately three-and-a-half years ago was to offer to pay any shortfall in Women For Independence finances on the basis that the organisation could reimburse you when you were able to provide outstanding receipts. That has not happened. “You continued in your deceit by embezzling funds from the Glasgow Regional Association of the SNP. Again you used your position of trust within that organisation to further your ends and satisfy your needs. In the end, the very party who had put their trust in you were left with no choice but to report you to the police. “From as early as January 2016 you had instructed solicitors and a forensic accountant. However, as in your dealings in particular with Women For Independence, you failed to provide those instructed by you with the information they required to assist you. “You were detained and interviewed by the police on 27 September 2016 and elected to exercise your right to silence at that time by giving a ‘no comment’ interview. “I was addressed in mitigation today on your behalf by Mr MacLeod. I was told in particular of your previous good conduct, your medical history and the effect these proceedings have had upon you. With reference to the criminal justice social work report I was told of your personal circumstances and the conclusions in that report concerning future risk of offending. “What is of note is that at no time throughout the conduct of this prosecution before me has any verification of any of the matters raised in mitigation been provided to me other than when I adjourned this morning to consider all that had been said to me and I was provided with a letter from East Renfrewshire Community Mental Health team dated 1April 2019 asking you to get in contact with them. “As indicated to your counsel, if he had not raised the matter which resulted, as I understand it from him, in your attendance at hospital this past weekend, I would have agreed to your request as stated within the criminal justice social work report that your pregnancy not be mentioned in court. However, the matter having been raised I asked Mr MacLeod what weight I should give if any to the fact that you, at time of completion of the report, were six weeks pregnant. “I was told that it gave an insight into your thinking and your family situation. I was urged to impose a non-custodial sentence for all the reasons specified by Mr MacLeod. “Your fraud and deceit is of the most serious type. You were in positions of trust, albeit voluntary and not paid, and you abused those positions. “You have, through your conduct, fallen very far short of the standards that the general public should be able to expect from not only those whom they entrust with their hard earned money to use for specific purposes but in your case their elected representative. “Despite your knowledge of your financial position and the financial irregularities in your dealings with the organisations with which you were involved it is of note that you allowed yourself to be nominated, selected and returned as the Member of Parliament representing the people of Glasgow East constituency and the Scottish National Party from 7 May 2015. “Your misappropriation of funds occurred between April 2013 and November 2015. Notwithstanding the ongoing investigations and your suspension from the SNP you remained as a Member of Parliament until May 2017. “I have listened carefully to all that has been said on your behalf in relation to your circumstances and the terms of the reports prepared for me. I have taken into account the effect that your conduct has had in respect of your family and personal life and the consequences that could flow from the sentencing options before me today. “Criminality of this sort involves multiple breaches of trust as I have described. I am satisfied firstly that your conduct was such that the custodial threshold in this case has been passed. “I am further satisfied that despite your lack of previous offending and the matters raised on your behalf today and in the reports provided that there is no alternative sentence appropriate for you other than a custodial one. **“You have shown no remorse for your conduct. You have tried to avoid responsibility for your actions throughout, as is demonstrated by your attempt to withdraw your pleas of guilty and your continued denial of guilt in the reports prepared.** **“But for your previous good conduct and personal circumstances the sentence to be imposed would have been far greater.** “But for your pleas of guilty the appropriate cumulo sentence would have been 21 months’ imprisonment. That sentence will be reduced to 18 months’ imprisonment to reflect the utilitarian value of your plea.”
I’m impressed how quickly he can go between good guy and wank
Allies will start to limit intelligence sharing with the US if they believe Trump will intentionally or accidentally share it publicly
[Scotland fans after seeing the line ups](https://gfycat.com/tidyspanishhermitcrab)
Don’t forget genetics
Wouldn’t say excited, but will be interesting to see how Dembele gets on at Celtic Lot of hype about the boy, the cynic in me wonders if it’s all misplaced
Why would you root for any Tory? Neither one is going to be good for Scotland or the rUK
I’m pretty shocked it’s taken this long for someone else to have it installed Did Killie need to jump through hoops with the council to get permission?
No. But it’s a national police &amp; ambulance service, it’s not just for me.
What difference does it make that they can speak English also? If they all live in the North East then why are we opening a third [gaelic school in Glasgow](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-43884767) The point is it’s a NATIONAL POLICE &amp; AMBULANCE SERVICE for all of Scotland I still don’t see what your actual issue is here? Gaelic (Scottish Gaelic) is a Scottish language, it’s spoken by Scots all across the country. It literally makes zero difference to your life having a few bilingual signs that represent a part of Scottish culture. Why does this upset you?
Empowering women
Well this is an unexpected surprise
Am I the only one who thinks Arnold looks much better with the grey hair?
It’s weird listening to them discuss being involved in the US civil war with a car parked in the background
Parliamentary democracy
Night before the game on the 10 o’clock news
They’re turning into the Republican Party in the US It’s pretty scary
I’ll pass cheers
That’s a belter
Does he need to be registered as a WMD?
Bet it’s not even contactless
Well all know what brown noser would....
2020 still sounds far too futuristic for my liking
You sure that just isn’t Oliver Burke with a tan?
He should be arrested for wearing they jeans regardless
Pinned tweet = Heeds gone
Love cycling along the canal in the summer Always have a break at the wheel
I prefer the Disco lights, I genuinely don’t believe McGinn was good enough to start for us when you consider our midfield options
That’s embarrassing bad Whoever does the dialog should maybe have a read up on [scots](https://dsl.ac.uk/)
Ironically as a Glaswegian, it’s even more obvious that the person clearly isn’t from Glasgow/ West Central belt. Yet they’ll give them the accent.
Haven’t the size of the goals been the same for decades now? Cause once upon a time, men had been naturally smaller compared with today Dino Zoff wasn’t even 6ft for example
Some cunt is pro American and pro slavery?
These days? The Conference went to way over slavery, then even wrote it into the constitution
That reads awfully like whataboutery to me The Confederacy literally started a civil war over the right to own slaves It’s not a “today thing” From its [constitution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confederate_States_Constitution) &gt; In all such territory the institution of negro slavery, as it now exists in the Confederate States, shall be recognized and protected by Congress and by the Territorial government; and the inhabitants of the several Confederate States and Territories shall have the right to take to such Territory any slaves lawfully held by them in any of the States or Territories of the Confederate States." The flag represents the right to slaves. No it’s, no buts, no whataboutery... The Confederate started a war because they wanted the right to own slaves Just because you seen it on the general lee doesn’t mean it was either acceptable or tolerated Unless you forgot about the civil rights movement, in an era that the US resembled apartheid South Africa
She should be looking to leave the country and claim asylum elsewhere Seriously, it’s utter barbaric what she had and still is going through
Fucking hell. I didn’t expect that to happen
He likes to impress
21/24?! They’re not children, they are men. Fuck them. I’d have told them to get out the car.
New Superbad film looks decent
I genuinely believe you’re at a point now that if he loses or looks like it you won’t see a peaceful transition of power Honestly wouldn’t be surprised if you see some mass rioting in the future or manufacture some sort of civil disobedience to use it as an excuse to clamp down on the “ traitor” that oppose him Basic dictator stuff you’ve seen elsewhere in the world. He’s turning the country into a total powder keg, he already got the backing of the far right, he has mentioned recently about having law enforcement/Military/bikers on his side and is willing to pardon war criminals.
Random fact At the top of City Chambers you’ll find a miniature [Statue of Liberty](https://m.imgur.com/t/statue/bNtNd)
You wouldn’t get away with that run up today with the rules
I remember George Robertson claiming Scotland has no culture or language during the indyref Unionist started a culture war a while back on Scotland.
I remember a UKIP leaflet going about a while back saying something like “A vote for Labour is a vote to be ruled by the Scots” Edit: Here it is http://imgur.com/IbG3T9U
I don’t to be honest, I remember Tavish Scott claiming at a party conference if Scotland became independent because of Brexit, Scottish Isles could opt to become independent from Scotland He was the deputy leader of the Scottish Lib Dem’s, suggesting he’s rather not be Scottish than see Scotland become independent I found that an incredible statement to make They also have an irrational hatred towards the new Queensferry Crossing that was needed to replace the Forth Road Bridge Why? Fuck knows, I suspected it’s solely down to it being delivered under an SNP Government Edit: Here is the statement https://imgur.com/gallery/sOgdaSA
&gt; Extinction Rebellion Scotland say they want the government to do more to "combat the climate crisis and ecological breakdown" by bringing in a Bill that includes a net zero emissions target by 2025, instead of the current 2045 recommendation. Don’t necessarily disagree with that, but these stunts do nothing to actually help bring the change they want to see.
Looks like Kilmarnock are playing in the Challenge Cup with that draw
&gt; I'll be back Found Arnold Schwarzenegger other account
I’d watch a Franklin TV show
I’m going to say Airdrie or Motherwell
We’re HYYTS and we are Partick Thistle fans
Imagine backing the guy who thinks because you’re Scottish you shouldn’t be PM
Wait a minute, are you seriously trying to tell me Qatar didn’t win the bidding process fairly?
Spamming again? Besides Scotland will be hurt, not just Glasgow
They don’t mind seeing NI leave the UK, yet cry about a potential Irish backstop.
It’s pretty well known by now that Scotland voted remain
Won’t believe it until I see it pinned on Celtic twitter account
Just look at the OBFA and what it actually meant for fans.
Me when the pizza man arrives
I see not grassing doesn’t run in the family
Soccer FM Pair of cunts having a laugh about Scottish football
These cunts don’t realise the empire at the time didn’t benefit you’re average person and certainly no the working class in general So what makes them think Brexit will?
The Titanic It had one job, cross the Atlantic Didn’t manage it once
What channel is the game on? According to the TV guide BBC One Scotland are showing the England game
You fucking joking? I didn’t even know that channel existed and now I find out it’s not even in HD Sideshow as always for us Edit: I’ve just realised, even single promotion I’ve seen for this game from the BBC doesn’t even mention what channel it’s on.
Aye that’s what I’ve done I’m not even sure they’ve bothered to send a commentary team for the TV
FOS is great when done correctly imo https://youtu.be/NNzcmIAKnrc
It’s really annoying me that Argentina are wearing a dark blue away kit when they don’t have to be.
Fuck yasss
On his way to Firhill I assume
Scored a goal and found a panini sticker. Sum lassie
She’s North Korean, she will probably get shot when she gets home
How is that racist? The North Korean regime is on par with the [Nazis](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/north-korea-prisons-nazi-camp-auschwitz-thomas-buergenthal-kim-jong-un-a8105896.html) Besides, this is the World Cup, it should have the best referees. She looked laughably out her depth
So you can’t even stand behind the goal line and come forward to it?
Must have been running out of room to display his trophies
I get the feeling you won’t see that much of a change from the [2014 white paper](https://www2.gov.scot/resource/0043/00439021.pdf) for international students (see page 197 onwards) Reality is, we don’t actually know anything at this moment
Aye no worries, if you do decided to move over here and a referendum is called, similar again to the [2014 referendum](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-26851021) you might be eligible to vote in it
VAR is the issue, this isn’t cricket we are watching. We had been told VAR would only be used for clear and obvious errors, that clearly doesn’t happen
I’m guessing we are binning Sunday service for public transport now?
&gt; Spain would definitely block Scotland. Nah, they’ve said repeated, even as recently as [last month](https://www.heraldscotland.com/news/17688206.spanish-government-will-not-block-independent-scotlands-eu-membership/) they wouldn’t It's been a myth since 2014 that Spain would block Scotland membership into the EU Edit: Link
Unless I’m missing something then surely MP’s wouldn’t have any involvement in this, would it be an issue for the councillors at GCC?
If you’re going to shitpost at least make it decent ffs
You need to remember the Scottish Parliament was designed not to have majorities. It was more of a fluke than anything that the SNP managed to do it once.
One of the biggest differences when the SNP game into power was they acted like an actual Government They even renamed it Scottish Government from Scottish Executive. Whereas Labour used to treat the Scottish Parliament as a glorified council. It’s MSPs looked down upon from MPs and the party in general. Scottish Labour are nicknamed the branch office up here. If the party deemed you good enough you’d go down south with the “big boys” in the real parliament, not the Micky Mouse Scottish Parliament Rejects could stand in the Scottish Parliament The SNP took a massively different approach to the Scottish Government Labour believed devolution would have killed off Scottish independence ironically ironically at the time nobody was talking about it, the SNP had still been looked upon as a fringe party. They became incredibly arrogant and when they decided to side with the tories in 2014, that killed them. The SNP regularly remind people how out of touch and ridiculous Westminster really is. They love showing it up, and they don’t have to work very hard to do it.
Quick look at the [Welsh Parliament](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_National_Assembly_for_Wales_election) Plaid Cymru are the only independence supporting party in it, the rest is made up of unionist, they even have UKIP/Brexit Party with a fair number of seats. It looks like from the outside PC have a tougher job than the SNP pre 2007
Be bad at sex.
r/wholesomememes
&gt; What were they supposed to do? Support the SNP? Or remain neutral? Not share a platform with the tories is all they really had to do &gt; Labour should be proud Pride doesn’t win you vote evidently &gt; Scottish Labour supporting independence or even just remaining neutral would be a complete dereliction of duty. Working with the tories was a dereliction of duty Even today, they let the tories off the hook because they know a criticism of Westminster is a criticism of the union.
Pretty sure that royal coat of arms doesn’t get used by the Queen in Scotland If memory serves me right, that’s the version for England, Wales and Ireland Edit: [Royal arms of Scotland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Arms_of_Scotland)
They do have an alternative It’s called independence Besides, you say that as if the current political setup doesn’t allow English MPs to force through any policies they want. Edit: I’d also say, people up here would probably be very supportive of an English Parliament.... but England doesn’t vote for a party that wants one
I’m sure I read somewhere that people in Paris had similar feelings towards the Eiffel Tower when it was built
The UK Government is also our government, we just don’t get much of a say about who runs it. Well I feel if anything Scotland has been cheated out of funding since the [1970’s](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCrone_report) if not longer... and the UK Government tried to hide it &gt; The McCrone report is a document on the Scottish economy written and researched in 1974 on behalf of the British Government. It was composed by Professor Gavin McCrone employed at the Scottish Office. The document gave a highly favourable projection for the economy of an independent Scotland with a "chronic surplus to a quite embarrassing degree and its currency would become the hardest in Europe". This led successive iterations of the British government to classify the McCrone report as "secret". This was so to avoid fuelling independence sentiment in Scotland. The report became public in 2005 when new freedom of information legislation came into effect
&gt; So basically they complain when the only part of the country without self rule trys to get some English MPs run the UK Parliament. To say you don’t have self rule is just laughable &gt; And what policys could English politicians force through Brexit &gt; look at the powers Scotland had if they had more they would be independent Well for starters, it would be nice to have all our own tax powers, immigration, not to mention power over foreign policies etc...
Well start lobbying the Tories or any other English based party to abolish tuition fees. Don’t moan at us because we elect a government in Scotland that supports free education.
&gt; Oh i will because English tuition fees fund Scottish universities due and Scottish MPs being the reason tuition fees exist &gt;And maybe if you were self funded i wouldn't but why should my taxs go to supporting your free education Lol Yeah, goodnight.
Fingers crossed
Some argument for maintaining the union, it’s the same one they’ve been using since 2014
Wouldn’t surprise me if he already had him lined up considering how close we are to the start of pre season. I think Sports Direct just bought out the competition, I can only speak about what I see in Glasgow, but I remember the high street having numerous options when it came to sport shops. Now all we have is a Sports Directs and Greaves, which is a local company with only the one shop.
Being relegated twice doesn’t come across as very successful in my opinion Especially since they had been in the top flight for 16/17 years prior to his arrival
Everyone has the right to a home and everyone is allowed to complete an housing application They can’t refuse someone because they have substance abuse issues/ mental health problems or sometimes both They’re a social landlord, not private. Or should the council just stop referring people who are homeless cause you’re a bit of a snobby cunt? The system is a needs based system now, meaning cunts can’t just sit on the list for years who are suitably housed and then be top of the queues when new properties become available GHA don’t own properties in the city centre, they took over the old GCC housing stock. What should we do with people who have substance abuse issues? Stick them in a camp somewhere and wait for them to die? Why you think it’s the responsibility of a housing association to deal with this issue is pretty much beyond me Source: Used to work in the housing sector
I’m only posting this because of how ridiculous that statement is. Frank hasn’t been involved in Scottish football for almost 25 years now, so fuck knows why the media go to him for opinions on the game He also comes across as one of these “yer da” types that haven’t accepted that social attitudes have changed from the 80/90’s
Still haven’t backed up a word you said. It’s almost as if yer talking shite.
I’m genuinely starting to think he has mental health issues
Let’s be honest, you’re not going to get a better manager. Massive step backward for you
Way past the point of giving him the benefit of the doubt, been like this for the best part of 20 years now
Gotta disagree Sound people don’t attend “Sash bashes” and sing anti catholic songs
Nice whataboutery
Keep him away from [rivers](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-41071609)
Arseholes everywhere in the world so try not to judge the majority by the actions of the minority , but I must admit England is the only country so far I’ve received any sort of abuse for being Scottish
Some good games under us, but when he was rotten he was rotten. No middle ground I think I understand now when RB said he was like a blank hard drive.
Going for the quad this season bhoys
Being a VL
Nice whataboutery &gt; The nationalists didn't get more than 50% last time around at holyrood, What nationalists are we talking about here, the Tories? The SNP are the largest party in both Holyrood and Westminster The tories haven’t won an election in Scotland since the 1950’s
I think you give the Scottish Government too much credit here The simplest and most possible explanation is that the UK Government just bitter wee arseholes
Or better yet, replace them with ordinary citizens on a vote by vote basis until the next election Similar to jury duty, if the elected reps refuse to turn up fine. Randomly select people from the state to replace them, make sure it’s a different group for every vote that is require. Not idea, but at least that way your system of local government won’t grind to a halt
Yeah but you did get that sweet, sweet tractor sponsorship deal
We have all seen the polls that show the Tories would rather see the union end than cancel Brexit
Is that a fancy name for a fleshlight?
Was Richard Wright not on something silly like £6k p/w to be 3rd choice keeper at Manchester City
But...but.... Tam McManus guaranteed it [100%](https://twitter.com/the_tman10/status/1143843464632819712?s=21) &gt; David Turnbull has a small problem with his knee that requires an op (tidy up). Be out for 10-12 weeks. That’s it. Some of the shite I have heard about him on here is poor &amp; embarrassing. Hurtful rumours about the kid. The deal will 100% still go through.
When every cunt else is just starting pre season and we are running away with the statement league
Allowed to smoke upstairs?
Nice to see Harvey Keitel show up in character
That’s me off for a wank now boys
Personally speaking I’ve never heard a Scot speak badly of France or french people in general We have a long history together, and I remember learning about the Auld Alliance in school and reading the family’s speech given by Charles de Gaulle in Scotland. From the outside, France seems pretty committed to Scotland with its new proposed [consulate](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/nov/28/france-reinvigorates-auld-alliance-new-base-scotland-consulate)
I’d argue it’s only one country within the UK that apparently has issues with France. You certainly don’t get the same anti french sentiment elsewhere
Honestly, I’d be pissed off if I was dropped for 10 games because the club decided to give this contract
&gt; And, right now in Scotland, this is doing far more damage to the country than the “Westminster Tories.” [Tory polices are literally killing people](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/tory-austerity-deaths-study-report-people-die-social-care-government-policy-a8057306.html)
Wasn’t this the person who attacked a cancer research charity for its campaign highlighting the link between obesity and cancer?
Team GB can fuck right off
Here I am sitting on my day off eating a deep fried pizza while drinking a bottle of Irn Bru. No regrets
Personally speaking, I’d have preferred a bit more of an open ending with them not reaching earth, still stranded in the Delta Quadrant, and for some technobabble reasons they’re unable to contact Starfleet, leaving them not knowing what happened assuming they’ve been destroyed. Last lines of the series could mirror the last ones of the pilot with Janeway giving a speech about how they’ll continue to look for a way home and the very last shot you see if Voyager flying into the unknown Now I know that wouldn’t go down very well with a lot of people, but it would have been my personal preference. I kinda enjoy the mystery of not knowing and letting my imagination fill in the gaps
Doubtful, a lot of them will say they’re unionist but in reality it’s English supremacy.
Yet you’ll still hear the VL’s trying to argue “Offside is Offside, doesn’t matter if it’s only a fraction or a yard” Fuck off If they’re going to insist on keeping VAR then they need to look at changing the offside rule, it was never brought in with this in mind. It was to stop player from goal hanging, not to penalise them for having a bawhair longer than the defender
A lot of Tories councillors will be shitting themselves if this happened
Tron
What’s with the pre 1800 flag?
I was expecting a picture of Islam Feruz
That tweet says it all about his mentality here. Acting like some drunken idiot watching a sports game.
To be fair, McDiarmid Park was build long before that brief 10k seater rule came into play and as for Doncaster, he’s hired by the clubs. He does what they want. Edit: Just checked, the stadium was opened in 1989 St Johnstone was playing in the First Division at the time
If they don’t split, they really need to drop this “Scottish” Labour nonsense They’re Labour.
I like how they think NASA is the only space agency in the world
Much love for the Allosaurus
Good luck trying to get anyone to trust you in the future. You’ll have zero credibility
We have been trialing a cross border cup competition involving Scottish, English, Welsh, Irish &amp; NI teams for a few years in Scotland now [Challenge Cup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Challenge_Cup) I think it’s the equivalent of the EFL trophy in England People think it’s pretty shite having the foreign teams in it
SOME facts and figures about the House of Lords from SNP MP Tommy Sheppard’s analysis: Number of peers: 781 Number of “Scotland’s peers” identified by SNP research paper: 87 Scotland’s peers by party: Labour 33%, Tory 30%, Crossbench 21%, Lib Dem 15%, Ukip 1%, SNP 0% Scotland’s peers who support Scottish independence: 0% Scottish peers who support remaining in the UK: 100% Female Scottish peers: 14% Female Scottish MPs: 29% Percentage of Scotland’s population who are female: 51% Percentage of Scotland’s peers who are over 65: 70% Percentage of Scotland’s population aged over 65: 22% Percentage of Scotland’s peers who are aged between 16 and 44: 1% Percentage of Scotland’s population aged between 16 and 44: 44% Percentage of Scotland’s peers who were privately schooled: 60% Percentage of Scotland’s population who were private educated: 0.054% Total expenses bill of Scotland’s peers 2017/2018: £2,939,035 Most expensive of Scotland’s peers: David Steel, total expenses £58,492; £591 per day
Not going to lie, he wasn’t the best manager we had at Celtic, but I fucking loved Ronny What a guy, I still miss the Ronny roar
Sean Dyche looks like a proper Brexit means Brexit type. McKenna is a Trump ambassador Sounds like a potential match made in heaven
First time I’ve watched Leeds in years They’re looking really good
&gt; “I don’t think we should be having another referendum on Scottish independence. You won’t be. &gt; "53% of the Scottish public in the general election did not vote for a party that was promoting independence and lots of people who are pro-UK will have voted for the SNP either in tactical or for other reasons. Backing yourself into a corner claiming you need more than 50% of the electorate vote to implement your policies as the party of government I like how she’s suggesting even if you did vote SNP you didn’t do it because you support independence &gt; “I think that the SNP should be held to account on their terrible track record with public services in Scotland, not trying to open up another divisive vote. You know the Scottish Parliament exists right? &gt; “I cannot understand that you’re pro-European but you’re not pro-UK. You think it is important to be part of that but not part of the UK. Then you haven’t listened to a single word as to what the underlying issues are for people that make them decide independence is the best way forward for the country Either that or you’re telling us you don’t understand the difference between the UK and the EU, and as a politician that would be just embarrassing &gt; There is enough SNP MPs after this general election for them to be talking about independence but we should be talking about things that are relevant to people’s lives in Scotland. Independence is very relevant for a lot of people. They don’t see Westminster working for us &gt; “I cannot see a circumstance where I would think that it would be better for Scotland to leave the United Kingdom. I cannot see where that would ever be the case.” So you’re basically arguing that continuing Tory rule outside the EU is a better case scenario for Scots than allowing us to decide our own future. Good luck winning back votes with that argument &gt; I think some of the reasons that we lost in Scotland and have been losing in Scotland for some time, is because we have since the referendum up there, not had a clear position on the two constitutional questions of the day.” You’ve made it very clear your position on independence. We are not idiots If you’re refusing to even allow Scotland to have a vote on the independence question then people who support it have zero reasoning for voting Labour
[We had a Glasgow kit as part of the Queens Silver Jubilee back in the 70’s](https://icdn.thecelticstar.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/image001_preview.jpeg) It was a Glasgow select team V English league select
Nae harm to them, but I think I will always be a bigger fan of Glasgow City than the Celtic women’s team. Just because I’m a Celtic fan doesn’t mean I’ll support the women’s team by default. I liked we have a Glasgow team without all the shite associated with the men’s game in the city
I’ll just leave this [here](https://www.cnbc.com/2016/08/03/trump-asks-why-us-cant-use-nukes-msnbcs-joe-scarborough-reports.html) from 2016 &gt; "Several months ago, a foreign policy expert on the international level went to advise Donald Trump. And three times [Trump] asked about the use of nuclear weapons. Three times he asked at one point if we had them why can't we use them,
&gt; No one said this photo wasn't photoshopped. Honestly, that’s the sort of argument you’d hear in school. Embarrassing
Makes sense, I remember them going for a “If you don’t know vote no” type argument at the time
In a normal place of work he would be kicked out for this. But we know nothing is going to happen
That club name is just ridiculous
&gt; "I would love the Scottish league to filter into the English leagues, all of them, to save and help the Scottish game," he said. I don’t see how Scottish football ceasing to exist would save it. We are one of the oldest leagues in the world with a very long history of accomplishment under our belt, being absorbed by a foreign league isn’t going to be a good thing. Edit; Ceasing ffs
Yet you have nae argument to support his claim.
You really must have enjoyed a hot shower when you finished it
That clip never fails to make me laugh, it’s a belter
Especially on such a toxic platform that is Twitter
Everything is about him, absolutely everything. Even his marriage, he proposed on HIS birthday. Why would you do that?! Edit: Lucy Foxx &gt;I want to be careful what I say about that women Then proceeds to tell us she’s mentally ill Even if that’s true, it’s really not your place to be sharing that kind of information about someone. Also, If people have been messaging you about having sucidal thoughts, you really shouldn’t be pretending you’re an authority on the subject. Refer them to the professionals for help, don’t play armchair therapist.
Yeah, wasn’t it known as Shell Shock for decades?
&gt; but get overlooked by those in England So? Scottish football doesn’t need the English game
Scottish football doesn’t need saving Per capita we are one of the best supported leagues in Europe. Even more so than in England We are one of the oldest leagues in world football, we helped invent and export the game around the globe, Scottish football has a very long and proud history.
Plus the founder of the Argentine FA was a Scot We took the game around the globe
Yeah, a lot of EPL clubs would struggle badly in Scotland with our TV deal One of the main problems for us is being in a UK market when it comes to TV deals. Not just the money either, the way our own game is promoted by the likes of Sky can be described as half arsed as best. They also rearranged our kick off times to suit the televised EPL fixtures
To me “travels” implies visiting other countries. Not going to a theme park or visiting the same place multiple times
We are still treated as hooligans. Look at the attitude the police and Scottish Government have towards football fans, it’s a joke
I’ll admit I’ll sometimes take a trip to Hampden to watch Queens Park when a Celtic are not playing and I have the spare time
And we got rid of that for a reason. Vaping should be treated the same as smoking.
Yes. It’s McDonald’s fault and not the fans who rioted in stores.
Nah, it was Filling Station inside the Omni Centre in Edinburgh
It’s a few years old. But it’s worth a reminder now and again while they’re wanking themselves into a coma about football “coming home”
No sorry, I was just meaning Prestwick Airport itself
Typical Zac
Roger, Roger!
&gt; “I wouldn’t say that UK political parties have forgotten Scotland. You’re delusional if you believe this
Sunderland Loyal
He didn’t even read it.
Thanos was defended in the end and it’s certainly death by a thousand cuts for the union
I’m genuinely impressed at just how out of touch these people are still. Independence supporters make up a large percentage of the voting population in Scotland,(especially the working class) You’re making sure they have no incentive to even consider voting Labour. You might as well be saying if you support independence vote for someone else, Labour is a unionist party. We don’t want your type. You should be asking why a city like Glasgow has turned its back on Labour and why it decided to vote to leave the union in 2014. But nah. Fuck that. Let’s double down. It’s such an own goal, You’re going to be arguing a Tory imposted, austerity driven, Brexit government is the best option for working class Scots than letting ourselves decide our own future. Plus nobody is going to believe that “I care about people in Glasgow just as much as I care about them in Birmingham” nonsense, you only care that we stay on the sinking ship and suffer the consequences.
Jess Phillips is to “unashamedly” make the case for Labour as a unionist party during a visit to Scotland. The Labour leadership candidate and Birmingham Yardley MP will travel to Glasgow today, where she is expected to pledge that a Labour Party led by her would be “100 per cent committed to the Union”. Ms Phillips said: “The idea that the answer to the UK leaving a union with our most important trading partner is for Scotland to leave a union with her most important trading partner only makes sense if you’re a nationalist. “Nicola Sturgeon wants to talk to me about threats to Scotland — the SNP’s abject failings on education and health show that it is her administration that remains a threat to opportunity and equality for working people in Scotland. “Labour believes in the Union because we believe in redistribution, because we want to bring people together, not divide them, and because our compassion doesn’t end at an imaginary line on a map. Let nationalists make the case for nationalism, we should make the argument for solidarity and internationalism.” Ms Sturgeon tweeted: “It’s not independence that’s threatening Scotland’s internationalism — it’s not being independent and therefore dragged out of the EU against our will that’s doing it.”
Such a weak response. It’s laughable the best they can come up with is a “once in a generation” as an excuse. Apparently elections in Scotland since 2014 don’t make a difference because this line was uttered. We need to respect Scotland decision in 2014, but apparently you don’t need to respect our decision to remain within the EU
“Once in a generation” - Ironclad promise that cant be broken “Union of equals” - Means fuck all jocks
[Remember it was meant to be one of the easiest trade deals in human history](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/av/uk-40667879/eu-trade-deal-easiest-in-human-history)
[Former Labour Wales FM](https://twitter.com/amcarwyn/status/1217072683160080387?s=21) &gt; If Boris Johnson says that it is entirely a matter for the UK if it chooses to leave the EU then it’s entirely matter for Scotland if it chooses to leave the UK. As Brussels didn’t prevent the Brexit referendum so Westminster shouldn’t stop this one.
Hello there
Give it to Craven Cottage till the end of the season
Great beers
At a glance that product looks like it says Pussy Also, that’s a lot of adverts for only a 5 year period
Fucking hell that was shite
There is? I’ll delete this one then
Great decision
&gt; Innocent until proven guilty remember. Only in court. You’re free to make your own decision based on whatever reasons for want 100% guilty
You sound like a right gammon with this nonsense of a comment.
&gt; There is a financial upside to remaining in the UK that I never fully understood until I left Scotland for one of the many entry-level jobs that attract people to London. I’m alright jack
Well I’d never claim to speak for all Scots, but aye he’s a complete bawbag
Why do Welsh Labour seem much more reasonable when it comes to the constitution questions
Don’t try and excuse his ignorance towards the EU and the benefits it brings to young people within the UK
I wonder how that would work practically She is the Queen of Scotland, the monarchy hold different titles etc.. up here [Even the flag on your map is not used when she is in Scotland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_Standard_of_the_United_Kingdom#England,_Wales,_Northern_Ireland_and_overseas) Would you be have to have a single referendum on the subject? Or would we need individual referendums for each of the countries within the UK? For example, what would happen if England voted to abolish the monarchy while Scotland voted to retain it?
[Buster](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buster_%28film%29) [trailer](https://youtu.be/9P3q9fH4abg) The guy was a [scumbag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buster_Edwards) not some loveable rogue
It’s people that share things without checking I don’t get I’ll see them still sharing posts for a missing person/pet from months or years ago despite the fact the person/pet was found a while back Think they do it just to make themselves feel better more than anything else
The Ark is a decent shout but it’s a bit of a student pub The Auctioneers next to George Square will probably be have it also I wouldn’t exactly call O’Neills a Celtic pub to be honest
Save you a click It’s in Edinburgh
Fuck the Tories
Honestly I’ll see someone in Glasgow wearing a St.Pauli hoodie or hat multiple times a week
The gammons are and always have been the real snowflakes in society.
That is brilliant
What a lovely header Edit: He’s just scored again
I’d imagine the majority of that 20% don’t actually hate him and just picked it for a laugh assuming he only put it in as a joke But nope. He was being serious and is not upset about it.
Don’t think the UK would last very long as the gammons couldn’t accept the Jocks calling the shots
We just going to pretend Admiral Ackbar isn’t posting on Instagram?
Forgive my ignorance here I’m not from the US, but can’t you do a Freedom of Information request with the local police to confirm if they ‘swatted’ this property?
&gt; I'm not for banning gambling Same, but they really need to look at the legislation around how it’s advertised Gambling adverts have zero business being advertised before, during and after an early kick off for example That goes for booze also
Posh Nosh on Maryhill Road
Spanish Butcher
So if these changes don’t happen, we can count on his support for independence as the best way forward for Scotland?
Clickbait People will use this headline to demonise football fans despite it not being a football related incident The headline could have said “Nine Scottish Water customers arrested for attempted murder” It would be about as relevant as pointing out they’re football fans Edit: BBC Scotland news on the TV just decided to mention it was after the game also.
Nah, it’s called acting People play characters they are not all the time
&gt;It’s not routine it’s happening so frequently I don’t believe that, simply because I doubt the police would continue to waste resources visiting him like this, especially if he’s telling them he is a victim of a targeted campaign against him It wouldn’t be difficult for them to find out where these calls are coming from.
&gt; for the record i'm not myself right now. going through a divorce and i'm at my worst For the record, that is not information he really needs to know Call me old fashioned but I like to keep my personal life, well personal.
Well done. Yeah welfare checks and swatting takes up police time and resources, they don’t just stop recording these incidents to not give the people harassing him the satisfaction of seeing it. That’s not how any of that works for a few reasons The stats are important so they can see exactly how the resources are being used and where, it also helps them identify potential “hotspots” they can focus on. If someone or a group of people are carrying out a targeted harassment campaign against an individual, they’ll investigate this, the stats would you know come in handy as evidence, especially for the courts if they caught the culprits. Not to mention the PR nightmare it would cause, if someone really did commit suicide. The police wouldn’t have a leg to stand on if they tried to claim they visited him, yet have no record of doing so.
Maybe it’s a souvenir from a captured rebel base
You have to pay for an ambulance in the US? That’s horrific
It’s not identical, it’s a very different set up from the Scottish Cup Like I said before, it’s not our responsibility to help the English football fix it’s league cup.
If we are not pretending you’ll back that up with some evidence.
That is for the league rights, not the cup competitions Pretty sure recently Scottish League Cup winners such as St.Mirren or Kilmarnock wouldn’t have traded winning the competition on the off chance they might get drawn against an English club We played Partick Thistle the other night in the Scottish Cup It finished 2-1 Celtic, not a 5-0 The fact you’re claiming our game is not “proper competitive” just shows how little you know about our game.
If mental gymnastics was an Olympic sport, he’s win the gold medal
Forgot he existed Did he decide to play for Australia in the end?
I’m just going to say it Greggs vegan sausage rolls are superior to the normal ones
I love democracy
Might want to stick on the subtitles, especially for Still Game
It’s pretty impressive the lengths he goes to avoid saying he was wrong. The “it was a joke” stance is just about as believable as the “I was hacked” argument from people who make an arse of themselves of social media
He doesn’t have a clue about how the real world works does it?
Fucking yawn.
I apologise he didn’t say instant success It was immediate success 9th April 2018 &gt; “On the managerial front I emphasise that the Board fully recognises the need for sustained stability in this area of the Club. Whoever is appointed must be able to meet the unique challenges of managing Rangers and ensuring immediate success. Anyways I can’t be arsed with the whataboutery Dave King like you talk a lot, especially about Celtic, but the reality is since you won promotion to the Premiership the trophy count is.. Celtic - 10 Rangers - 0
The Federal Boobie Inspector?
What a scumbag he is still attacking her on a public platform.
Is that a big puddle of blood next to the taxi?
Maddox you old sly dog. You did it!
Noooo, I’m shocked to hear this. You’d never have guessed it from a pair of bigots
And that’s why we continue to reject them
What Civil War?
They pulled a similar stunt of Discovery with Shazad Latif not being listed as Voq
Please excuse the crudity of this model as I didn't have time to build it to scale or paint it.
Wonder if the serial losers who got binned by Stendel will still be crying
You can always count of Labour to deflect criticism away from the actual Tories.
Idiot
&gt; "It's very easy for it to escalate from VAR talk and chat to slapping each other on the back and talking about their conquests at the weekend." Football fans come from all walks of life Even Royalty To pigeonhole us into a group of brutes says more about your ignorance
&gt; So he recently came out and said that he is nearly blind, his eye sight is horrid. That may explain the car crash last fall... Doesn’t explain how he has a license if he can barely see. That’s not just a danger to yourself but to everyone else on the road
You better go and find out.
We can’t even get the BBC to give our game UK wide expose Scottish cup final? Available only in Scotland FA Cup 2nd round cup tie featuring some diddy village team UK wide broadcast
A guy with a profile picture of Neelix is against donating money to a children’s hospital What a mindset he must have
I can feel your distain for sand from here
Nobody is buying the federal argument. We know it’s not going to happen.
[A wee reminder of this](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/5mghe7/according_to_sky_aberdeen_have_signed_yer_da_selz/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) Aberdeen sign Yer Da Selz Avon
Better learn how to spell Whisky first 😉
We will be watching your career with great interest
&gt; ⁠5. Don't go to Glasgow expecting to see the sights. We don't have any. This is either a lie or just ignorance Glasgow is full of history with a lot to see.
Sounds more like wishful thinking from the Miller household here.
Anti Irish &amp; anti catholic sentiment have long been an issue within the UK, so long it’s become almost normalised within society
Let’s be honest with Brexit I’m sure the UK Government will make sure the EPL suffer no real impact when it comes to visas and work permits. As for the rest of the UK leagues, absolutely no fucks will be given.
You can stick your blue passport up your arse
Close the door then
It’s synonyms with England / English
[Reminder he’s a massive bigot](https://www.theguardian.com/media/greenslade/2015/jul/24/daily-record-sanitises-story-of-player-banned-for-sectarian-tirade)
Ah yes, the UK in the 1970’s was clearly better. On an unrelated note I hope they find a cure for dementia
&gt; No, honestly this just reinforces why people chose to leave. Scotland didn’t chose to leave That’s the point.
&gt; there is no England, Scotland, Walws or Northern Ireland, only the United Kingdom. And it’s that sort of mentality that will lead to the break up of the UK
Ah right. Sorry. Just suck it up and accept it And some people wonder why the SNP are so popular
Remember when they tell us it’s time to unite and move on, what they’re really saying is shut up and eat your cereal
Your police look more like a occupying force than a police force.
20 years of absolute domination stated with him.
&gt; "You know, the left plays a tougher game, it's very funny," Trump said in the interview with Breitbart published on Wednesday. "I actually think that the people on the right are tougher, but they don't play it tougher." &gt;”I can tell you I have the support of the police, the support of the military, the support of the Bikers for Trump - I have the tough people, but they don't play it tough - until they go to a certain point, and then it would be very bad, very bad," Trump said He said this [last year](https://thehill.com/homenews/administration/434110-trump-suggests-that-things-could-get-very-bad-if-military-police)
We are everywhere mate
He’d have swallowed that goat without taking a bite
I agree, but let’s be honest they don’t give a fuck It’s not just racist names either, I’ve lost count the number of Madeleine McCann for example They just don’t care
Now that is lovely Macron seemed to really have upped their game in recent years with kit designs
Watch they cargo containers
I like [Graham Campbell](https://twitter.com/bbcscotland/status/1233374148065419264?s=21) view on it. Keep the names, but stick the information up
Happy to see the football will be returning, but honestly fuck SKY
The BBC do this all the time from politics to sport and news If it’s English they give it UK wide coverage, if it’s Scottish it’s available via opt out channels at best.
They still going to charge extra for cup games?
Something about that Frankfurt kit that I just love
&gt;I don’t support the humans right act and I don’t believe in economic or social rights [Dominic Raab](https://twitter.com/aaronbastani/status/1016782901273399296?s=21) Yes, he really said that. He’s a Tory. Take anything they say with a large lunch of salt
The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed
So Scotland is Oliver Twist? They do understand that isn’t a good look for unionism in our “family of nations”
[I mean Trump did day this a few years ago](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/trump-speech-fake-news-1984-orwell-kansas-a8463471.html) &gt; “Just stick with us, don’t believe the crap you see from these people, the fake news,” Mr Trump said as the crowd erupted in boos. He later added: “Just remember, what you’re seeing and what you’re reading is not what’s happening…”
So it Trump a racist bigot or not? That’s the question. Not your whataboutery which is pretty disingenuous since you only include MPs for some bizarre reason I’ll also point out the vast majority ethnic minorities live within the central belt
Scottish Labour is planning to harden its opposition to indyref2 after claims the party had a confused policy. Leader Richard Leonard will reject another vote - months after UK colleagues said they would not block one. A senior party source said: “There will be no equivocation.” In the early days of Leonard’s leadership, Scottish Labour was firmly opposed to a second referendum. However, the then shadow chancellor John McDonnell famously said a Labour Government would not stand in the way of the policy. During a trip last year to the Edinburgh Festival, McDonnell said: “We would not block something like that. We would let the Scottish people decide. That’s democracy.” The new line came as a surprise to Leonard and fuelled accusations Scottish Labour was merely a branch office. McDonnell’s intervention dogged the Scottish party during the general election and led to claims Labour was soft on indyref2. At a meeting of Scottish Labour’s governing executive on Saturday, Leonard will lead a discussion on his party’s constitutional position. He is expected to stress his opposition to indyref2 and talk up his alternative position. This includes greater devolution for Holyrood and support for the creation of a UK-wide constitutional convention. He is also expected to stress the importance of the economic and social changes that will be necessary after the pandemic. The elevation of pro-Union Labour politicians is believed to have had an impact on Scottish Labour’s developing position. MSP Jackie Baillie, who was a board member of Better Together, was recently elected as party deputy leader and is influential behind the scenes. MP Ian Murray, a fierce critic of the SNP, is also Keir Starmer’s shadow Scotland secretary. SNP MSP George Adam said: “After the Tories’ Covid conga, we’re now having the Scottish Labour constitutional hokey-cokey. “By doubling down on his support for Westminster control, Richard Leonard is simply endorsing Boris Johnson and his calamitous Tory Government. Even by Tory standards this latest bunch are irresponsible, incompetent and untrustworthy. That Richard Leonard wants to shackle Scotland to this lot beggars belief. "Scotland’s future must and will be decided by the people of Scotland – not by Boris Johnson or any Tory government – and no amount of constitutional flip-flopping by Scottish Labour will change that.” A Scottish Labour spokesperson said: “The Scottish Executive Committee meets regularly to discuss issues of importance to the Party and Saturday’s virtual meeting includes an agenda item on the constitution.”
Unless playing for Wales Which isn’t a criticism, he genuinely seemed to enjoy playing for his national team.
I mean I find it pretty impressive he can claim every American receives equal treatment under the law while arguing in court he is above the law.
You say that like it’s a good thing
I’d be raging if I supported a lower league club and they tried this shite You’d have zero motivation to go and watch a B team It really does devalue the leagues
This isn’t America, we are not Americans. If you’re going to pull something like this at least make it relevant to Scotland. But if you insist on making it relevant to the US, you could at least named one of the street after someone like [James McCune Smith](https://www.universitystory.gla.ac.uk/biography/?id=WH24115&amp;type=P) &gt; James McCune Smith graduated from the University of Glasgow in 1837 and became the first African American to receive a medical degree. Or the first ever black international footballer [Andrew Watson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Watson_(footballer,_born_1856)) &gt; Andrew Watson (24 May 1856 – 8 March 1921) is widely considered to be the world's first black person to play association football at international level. He played three matches for Scotland between 1881 and 1882. Honestly this just comes across as a self righteous hollow stunt Edit: I said before, Im all for showing solidarity with other people, but let’s not transplant Americans social problems into our society.
The city was build on the backs of the working class and the poor I agree with the plaques regarding the street names, but let’s not pretend generations of Glaswegian had it easy as a result of these guys, they didn’t exactly redistribute the wealth. Wasn’t that long ago people lived in slum within the city
Robocop
The Express talking shite? I’m shocked
Kinda ironic that the US helped with the denazification process in Germany after the war
Not only that, he was given the freedom of the city.
Ah, disagreeing with something = whining. Very good, next you'll be telling me if I don't like the way things are I should leave and go elsewhere. What campaign? I support the street names remaining, but with a plaque explaining who these people are and what they done. Here is [Graham Campbell thoughts on it](https://twitter.com/bbcscotland/status/1233374148065419264?s=21) I agree with him here &gt;By the way, one of the names used was a man killed by police in Fife but I’m sure you knew that or you wouldn’t be criticising their knowledge of local history. Yes, [Here, see my previous comment regarding Sheku Bayoh](https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/guq4eb/thoughts_on_the_blm_static_protests_at_glasgow/fskqegy?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x) &gt;No issues with showing some solidarity normally, although I do find the fixation with US political and social here a bit weird. &gt;Especially since you don’t see the same types of protests for say the likes of Sheku Bayoh for example Also Last time I checked Fife was in Scotland, and he was killed in the custody of Police Scotland.... The same Police force we see on the streets of Glasgow Anyways, what exactly is your point here? Cause if you've made one i'm struggle to see it. Unless looking to start an argument is your point
Just a reminder to fellow Glaswegians and Scots. This guy is one of us.
Any cunt in here every get a Buckaroo outta Nice n Sleazys? Buckfast,Taboo and Lemonade? It’s unbelievably tasty
Love it I’d like to see a Darth Maul one, since the guy who played him [Ray Park](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Park) is a Glaswegian
This is one of the problems I’m meaning with attitudes towards catholic’s in Scotland. Imagine trying to use the argument that because of the church it’s fair to treat catholic’s as second class citizens It lets the bigots off the hook. Next you’ll be saying Catholic’s should try stop being catholic
I hope when marching season resumes and same people will be out protesting on behalf of the historical and modern day treatment of catholics in Scotland That’s not a sly dig. It’s a genuine hope
When I mentioned the treatment of catholics as an example. Instead of showing any sort of solidarity you went right into whataboutery mode. As I said, you might not realise it. But that attitude is part of the problem that has helped normalise anti catholic sentiment in Scotland for a long time.
You’d guess wrong Nice deflection attempt mind
Nah. I’m not here to indulge you.
Aye no bother I believe you. That’s me convinced we’ll done Btw, the Tories are nationalist just in case it slipped your mind
Of course they did. They always let the bigots and racists back in This isn’t new
Honestly, This trade deal with the US is making me consider going vegan
That’s fucking hilarious.
Driving a car is easy, the hard part is learning the layout of the roads but you pick this up pretty quickly You’d be best taking a 2 hour lesson at a time, when I was learning I always felt only an hour was a waste of time when you factor into driving to where you’re going to practice and driving back home. Me personally at the time I was learning throughout the winter in the evenings I actually really enjoyed learning to drive in the dark when it’s raining / snowing. It make day time driving piss easy in comparison
As someone who still regularly cycles these days, you’d be shocked at how aggressive some drivers can be towards cyclists despite the roads being fucking empty at times
&gt;FIFA - For the game, for the world Press X to doubt
I don’t remember the same outrage when they are being used in Northern Ireland
Euan still a yoon I see
Ironically it might have fizzled out if they adopted a policy to non confrontation when these protests started
He could probably do with anustart
Until fairly recently in Glasgow at least, you’re average working class family lived in single bedroom slums. Disease and poverty was rampant
What’s some truly amazing whataboutery Well done
We know this will never happen Westminster refuses to respect the remain vote for both Scotland and NI They’re forcing us out the EU and they’ll force a no deal Brexit in us also.
Yes. Lots of Asian Scots in the country.
You reap what you sow
Honestly I’m a big fan of Tennent’s. Can’t go wrong
A right cunt Correct
Cunts like that should be banned Also... Pollok
Some of the replies to that tweet are wild
Remember this is all for ideology reasons. Nothing more
I’m glad it’s absolutely pissing it down outside The Cenotaph isn’t decided to any single person or event, but to the people of Glasgow who went to war and didn’t come home No idea why they’d think it would be targeted, but then again these right wing groups love the play the victim
The UK is only 313 years old.
Looks like something out of Dead Rising
Can I assume they chose that name to help distinguish from the old RIC who never had the greatest of reputation within the country?
Fuck off VL. Go look for attention elsewhere
Fucking hell. That reads like something out of a Tom Clancy book
Exactly &gt; You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Used against you, not used to exonerate you
Is that a Labour campaign pledge?
Talk about straw clutching here to try and link this with Scottish football. I know a lot of people hate to hear this... but when you consider the number of games played a year (something like 1200) and the number of footfall games receive (Celtic alone have over 1 million) Football has a very good record, probably one of the best when it comes to large public events Sure it has isolated incident, but they are few and far between. But it’s certainly safer to attend a game of football over the course of the year than say go to TRNSMT for a weekend. Fuck, people used to come home in body bags from TITP and the public or government barely battered an eyelid
I used to think wine was a “womens drink” then I tried a glass, then a bottle Then I struggled to stand up straight as I was pished. It was amazing. Wish I tried it earlier
I’m not sure the cat can work YouTube
Thank fuck Can we just move on now and laugh at Hearts
Said it elsewhere But if they can do it this year, they can do it every year.
Tories as always are scummy cunts.
Call yourself a real man?
That’s actually looks amazing
We will watch your career with great interest!
Fuck them
So it’s £2.3m for BT and £1.5m got Sky [Source](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/53077082) Not even close to the £10m that others had been throwing about Edit: Ooft, some salty people. You’d think they’d be happy
Always the victims eh?
serious note. If this legal action fails. Should Hearts and Thistle be hammered for it or should the league just forget and forgive?
Retiring from what? Shagging?
Yeah, I actually really feel sorry for the referee here
Said it elsewhere but loyalist is just a friendly way of saying Protestant supremacist. We have allowed them for generations to act with impunity to the point it was normalised, hence why they behave like this. It used to be only catholic’s that are fair game to them, now it’s everyone.
Bolton really did fuck you over with his silence during the impeachment trial. The US government not only endorsing but encouraging the creating of concentration camps That’s frightening
You should print them, stick them on cards next time you have a protest.
Why? They’re not the same The OO are an anti catholic hate group who believe in Protestant supremacy Why do you think they march through communities in military style outfits, banging drums It’s designed to imitate catholic’s and remind them who is boss. If you want to ban Republican marches, then fine everyone is entitled to an opinion but don’t argue as if they’re the same as the OO This is one of the problems I feel when discussing this issue, people assume they’re two sides of the same coin. When they’re clearly not
Gerrard strangely enough looks like Pedro
Deed poll doesn’t exist in Scotland You’re best going to the [National Records of Scotland](https://www.nrscotland.gov.uk/registration/recording-change-of-forename-and-surname-in-scotland) for help
Should be like this for everyone Being an MSP or an MP is a full time job, fuck knows how you have the time do both
How exactly are catholic’s schools bad? Because bigots abuse people for going to them? &gt; I'm guessing that you're in favour of seperate schools and that's why you're choosing this hill to die on, but if we really want to solve the problem then there is simply no denying that separate schools contribute to it. Fucking hell. Another one here who seems to think catholic’s are at fault for being targeted and abused. Being a certain religion or going to a certain school shouldn’t be an issue for anyone. The problem isn’t with the victims here.
&gt;Conversely,if you look at the goals of increasing diversity in the workplace, there's a parallel to the school system. If you want catholics to integrate more or feel part of society, you might want to started with anti catholic marches Then maybe you can discuss the needs for catholic schools in the future But while these marches go on, you have no real argument against them. &gt; We've already established that the bigotry - and it's there on both sides without question Away and shite, Protestants have never had to suffer what catholics have in this country. Don’t get me wrong, the vast majority of protestants want nothing to do with that shite either. &gt; That's just BS hyperbole. Not at all. Blaming catholics schools for anti catholic bigotry is a ridiculous argument, one you see far too often unfortunately.
Both are great cities. I’m sure whatever you choose you’ll love it.
No fucking clue about the US as we don’t live in that country Bit in Scotland the OO are a hate group who don’t see catholics as equals.
What pro IRA marches? The ones in your head that you wish happen so you can argue whataboutery Very good, don’t expect anyone to take your argument serious if that’s what you’re coming out with
[I’m just thinking despite the fact catholic are the biggest victims of religious abuse](https://www.holyrood.com/inside-politics/view,sectarianism-still-scotlands-shame_8905.htm) &gt; According to Scottish Government analysis, abuse of Catholics accounted for half of religiously aggravated hate crimes [And this is nothing new](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-15790225) &gt; The number of religious hate crimes recorded in Scotland rose by 10% in the past year - with the majority targeted at Roman Catholics It’s being going on for decades I’ve never seen the Scottish Government or Police Scotland publicly acknowledged this problem. Never seen a campaign to highlight the issue, nothing at all. It’s almost as if it’s become so normalised people don’t even realise it’s a problem
That’s for the laugh.
Must be sad when your night comes down to defending the OO
That’s put me in the mood for a quick pint in The Park Bar
Oh no, [Poor Labour](https://youtu.be/Bxauqa7rJgI)
That’s a dangerous mindset he’s got
Just a pet hate of mine, when a kit has hoops / stripes and they leave back blank.
It would benefit the clubs with a B team. Can’t see it benefiting anyone else
Remember when they used to attack Sturgeon and Salmond for not having kids also?
Labour right not offer literarily nothing to pro independence supports. You could even argue less than nothing considering they’re opposed to Scottish voters make the decision to hold another referendum They don’t even have to support independence, they would just need to soften its Uber unionist stance it has right now. Edit: That also say a lot about the state of the UK political system You don’t have to bother winning in Wales, Scotland or NI to lead all 4 countries.
Honestly So fuck, they’ll deserve it and they’ll have nobody to blame but themselves for it
He's a man of focus, commitment and sheer fucking will
I feel like I’ve been hearing about a thunderstorm all week and it’s never happened
&gt; I'm not sure what you're getting at tbh, you've went off on a defensive tangent. Because it’s a nonsense argument to begin with, the fact you mention you’re a Celtic fan as if that’s relevant says a lot Anti catholic bigotry is an issue in Scotland, has been for a generations now That is the issue. To somehow try and put the blame on catholic schools for it is just ridiculous.
Seen a few posts on r/powerwashingporn decided to buy myself one to clean my paths It’s so good. I feel like a kid with a new toy
That is outrageously good
Easier to give the bigots and racist a free pass
Not an easy decision to make Celtic home [2017/18](https://twitter.com/CelticFC/status/860126847459373056?s=20) love the gold Celtic away - [125th Anniversary](https://www.footballkitnews.com/8049/new-celtic-125th-anniversary-strip-20122013-nike-celtic-white-3rd-top-1213/) socks are outrageously nice Other Scottish teams Partick Thistle - [Home 2002](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/teams/p/partick_thistle/1886512.stm) Queens Park - [Home 2013](https://www.thekitman.co.uk/queens-park-201314-home-away-kits-made-by-under-armour/) Scotland - [Home 2005](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/internationals/4197690.stm) can’t find a decent picture of it Scotland - [Away 2014](https://www.footballkitnews.com/11508/new-scotland-away-kit-2014-15-adidas-scotland-away-football-top-1415/)
Phew. I was worried we might go 24 hours without some sort of drama in Scottish football
Robbie fucking loves the Championship
I’m baffled why any club in the premiership would even consider Craig Levein anymore
Then let’s hear some suggestions about how we can make changes to the current political system to make things fairer for the 3 countries who have a minority voice in how things are run right now If the union is that important then surely it’s worth the change
The lack of obsession in the younger generations of WW2 will probably help
&gt; Did you not think to check your point beyond 1 election? Scotland hasn’t voted Tory since the 50’s, nor did we vote for Brexit Yet here we are. So please. Do tell me how the current political set up is actually unfair on England You should be embarrassed trying to make that argument.
Bit harsh, it’s just a job being a traffic warden
To be fair, it wouldn’t have been just Liverpool. Football is a reflection of society
They comments are wild One guy is comparing him to a nazi for “just following orders” Edit: She’s also anti vaccine, because of course she is
&gt; I'm torn on this... ... where do we draw the line? Should we sanitize our past? How exactly is it being sanitise? It’s not as if history is being removed from the books or from schools. &gt;Does tearing down statues changing street names really make a difference? Yes. See after the fall of the Soviet Union, Nazi Germany, Iraq for examples &gt;Should the Coliseum the site where christians were fed to lions be torn down? False equivalence
&gt; How do you know how people learn history? I never would’ve known who the duke of Sutherland was without that statue. Says more about you to be honest. Majority of people learn history through education. &gt; So do you also believe that Auschwitz should be demolished? You taking the piss?
Gyms are still closed. You’ll survive for the tome being
Someone better tell the Conservative and Unionist party this quickly
Of course anybody can wear one No cunt will give a fuck.
The thing that makes me cringe the most is a Glaswegian using the phrase “dumbasses”
That story about the 6 pack always makes me laugh because I can 100% believe it’s true
You’ll find them [here](https://www.marinetraffic.com)
I’ve always put Scottish on all my paperwork it’s never been an issue.
I’d argue that’s not just a presumption made in football but a lot of industries
Another Labour leader who believes Tory rule and Brexit is a better option for the voters of Scotland than self governance So much so they refuse to even let us make the decision for ourselves But don’t call them unionist or nationalists
We all do, we just pretend we don’t for the tourists
Not to worry we are still flying half a ship
Aye I’ve said this before Imagine being stuck in a flat without a garden on days like this, especially after months of lockdown It must be depressingly as fuck
Barely slept a wink last night because of the heat.
Can we get a mega thread on the go for this please mods?
I can believe that to an extent
Speak of the devil https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/florida-sheriff-adopted-scottish-police-training-now-his-deputies-use-n1231886 &gt; Deputy Chief Constable Will Kerr, who oversees the Scottish training program, said he could count on one hand how many times police employees have fired their weapons and injured someone in recent years. The last time it happened was in March 2016.
Away and take your mouth out for a shite. Cunt is used everyday here Good cunts Bad cunts Alright cunts Funny cunts Boring cunts Nasty cunts Smart cunts Daft cunts Cunt of a cunt Every cunt uses it Even ignorant cunts [Rabbie Burns used it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Burns) &gt; Gie me her I kissed yestreen, ⁠I vow but she was handsome, For ilka hair upon her cunt, ⁠Was worth a royal ransom. [source](https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/The_Merry_Muses_of_Caledonia/Yon,_Yon,_Yon,_Lassie)
Apparently it’s only 1 and that’s the stabber
Don’t give spunk bubbles like Farage the time of day. Block and ignore these cunts. They’re not worth the effort
What an arsehole he’s been turning into recently
Dry yer eyes
Plus she isn’t afraid to wear or promote wearing a mask https://twitter.com/nicolasturgeon/status/1276824045758095360?s=21
The Tories don’t need the SNP to look bad.
On your way to Falkirk?
For some reason it’s not mentioned in the article that we are talking about former [Labour MP Brian Wilson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brian_Wilson_%28Labour_politician%29#Later_career) &gt; An opponent of devolution, which he believed would work to the disadvantage of Scotland's more peripheral areas, in 1978 he was chairman of the "Labour Vote No Campaign", which called for a "no" vote in the 1979 Scottish devolution referendum on whether to have a Scottish Assembly. Nothing wrong with him having an opinion obviously, but it should be made clear by the editor who he is
Today is the day I’ve hit a wall working from home. I’m really not enjoying it anymore, especially with the crap weather. Don’t get me wrong could be in a worse position but being in the house 24/7 is really making it hard mentally
I remember waking up around 5/6am and barely being able to see outside the window with the rain pouring down
“Unskilled” Says it all about the mindset of the Tories
Of course when they say merge they mean England absorbs the other nations. Looking forward to hearing how fewer Scots playing international level rugby will somehow actually be a good thing Example in other sports. English cricket team or it’s rarely used full name the England &amp; Wales cricket team Run by the English Cricket Board [ECB] which is the shortened name for the English &amp; Welsh Cricket board. Football. Guess who runs “Team GB” yip, the English FA. Unsurprisingly they treat these combined sport teams the same as the Westminster political set up Edit: Looks like Scottish Rugby are denying it [Source](https://twitter.com/scotlandteam/status/1277652694077976579?s=21)
It’s always a Tory
