I'm. Currently running Kora and pyra on Rex and along with a tank in tora, and Nia is healer/tank, haven't had many issues with this setup.
Not entering but thank you for ~~you're~~ your generosity.
It's the only console I play, I have my pc for everything the switch can't do.
I don't have many memories that far back...
This reminds me of full metal alchemist... Check with r/headphones
Illuminati confirmed.
You caught me it was actually my third hand.
No, they work solo.
Of course Bigfoot exist I see it at monster jam whenever I go(rarely)
The main reason I haven't upgraded to a ddr4 system yet.
Interesting
Maybe 5 bucks
Reusable ice cube
You are just a thought experiment conceived by George Orwell that has gained sentience.
I've only he would have had a soup nazi... F
of course gtx 1080 represent
Seems like I'm getting the dell then, thanks guys.
Is semi soft or sometimes hard a gender too?
That's about 77,656.5 non leap years...
I would assume so.
Glory to Arstotzka!
[&gt;like a needle or piranha](https://m.imgur.com/t/funny/bBXujN4)
Oh sweet summer child, you still have faith?
link is missing
Oh ok
Pats are going to get bortled.
Tower, psu, storage drives, RAM, monitor, mouse, and keyboard in no specific order are the items that have a longer upgrade cycles of multiple cpu/gpu generations.
you don't even do a little better each time you just continue to loose until you feel you have no option left and ~~off yourself~~ stop playing.
My bad
Yeah it works well if the cloth is soft and you use a soft dry cloth to remove any moisture
Just got a notice on Netflix last night about a price increase.
Problem with open cans is that the people around you can hear whats being played. If you don't care much for sound quality I'd look at a pair of powerd shooting ear muffs like these Walker's Razor Slim Electronic Muff, Black https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01AAH8CMA/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_n3AAAbTJCAVX7 They isolate the audio coming in and has a pass through mic system to allow full hearing of everything except loud percussive sounds.
Vape crawler can help
Obligatory "Fuck the Eagles" Now that that's out of the way. Got a nice setup there.
her face is the issue here.
Not playing on a Wii U that's for sure.
If blacks were so prodigious and widespread then how did the white man oppress them at all?
I believe 76 is being shit on primarily due to the disappointment that was fallout 4.
Microsoft's presentation was actually pretty good. Bethesda's was pretty shit up until the last 2 teasers.
please tell me poe had something to do with this.
Woo! just got banned!
Actually i am, not suicidal or anything just don't particularly fear death and choose to live in the moment instead of worrying bout the future.
between 300 and 350 lbs at 5'11"
I can see the widsom in what you say, but my main issue isnt that i dont like exercise ore anything like that. it's mainly the complete lack of motivation i have to better myself, i just dont have the drive to to really care about it. thank you for the advice and concern though.
honestly i've never even though about talking to a therapist
Are you perhaps Canadian?
Papyrus is better
Im not offended by white people jokes because why should I be.
!redditsilver
But what if it's not?
Sigh... *Unzips*
Didn't know what I expected but it wasn't that.
Get this shit outta here.
Doesn't surprise me at all, skyrim is a well made games with a huge modding community.
I'll give that, it is truly amazing
agreed, would be hot if not for the horrible job( i hate boob jobs in general though)
Which should have been done while still ssr to save hourglasses
Sigh Criticism*
the table was a bit of a hasty addition and couldn't exactly figure out anything interesting. honestly i took the wording of the natural armor and the bite attack from the lizard folk racial features without much thought other than it seems to fit. i knew i was forgetting darkvision or some other way to see underground. and i guess simple burrowing speed would be less clunky and already there. i mainly meant immunity in the sense that it takes no damage from it wether the save is failed or not, i dont like poison resistance for a badger due to the real life honey badger being more or less immune to cobra venom they just have to sleep it off which is where the gains a level of exhaustion thing comes from. i though about not having the DC at all and just forcing the exhaustion based on percentage of poison damage that would have been dealt but that would be more of a hindrance than a boon. i was originally going to just make the badgerfolk race and have sub races like the honey badger, but i'll be honest i got lazy and distracted. thank you for the points you brough up. it's clear to me know i didnt put enough thought into the race as a whole.
Thanks for pointing that out, I totally missed that.
translated your flair...didn't expect that.
Gender
Looks kinda like a powder measure for muzzle loading
SPARTA!!
REEEEEEEEEEE compensation! /s
https://www.light.gg/db/items/4048902980/dynamo/
Prepare to be mildly disappointed.
Obviously the goat lobster
You must be new here
You must be new here
Perform sudoku instead if you are an intelligent samurai.
Was at the pinnicle of elation Thursday night now I'm just back to depressed normality.
I generally wake up hating everyone and everything and my mood doesn't seem to shift much throughout the day, if I ever appear normal or happy it's just me ignoring everything.
You sir are wrong in all the most important of ways.
looks like a cocoa pod in my uneducated opinion.
killed him at 610 with 2 611's
A large reason some words still have negative connotations is because people like this wont let it die.
[Yep, women only kill to escape.](https://m.ranker.com/list/famous-female-serial-killers/reference)
I'd like to know where my power is?
agreed, when i go in i just kill shit so that im contributing in some way
When I'm playing docked I use pro controller
[how about](https://memegenerator.net/img/instances/36914756/how-about-nooooo.jpg)
i know what game im getting next!
Cowboys - Texans, with Cowboys winning of course.
Can confirm am a sprinkle.
10, 9, 13, 12, 11, 8. Neutral good, dunno about class though. Possibly a shitty bard.
So I shouldn't have downgraded from my 7870 myst? Damn where'd I put that box.
It seems we have the same friends dickwad.
The way I see it a good turn around for a game is 1 dollar per hour played. What else can you do for 1 dollar an hour that's anywhere near as fun. (talking about games in general not just destiny) If I don't think I'll see that $1/hour then I won't buy the game.
Whales blowhole and have a water spot come out every so often and make the floor more slick for a few seconds.
It is for some teams
I've had my G502 for around 4 years with no issues.
How many times did you blow RNGesus?!
I've solo queued a few times with no issue, both gofannon and volundur.
On one ha d I'd like to buy these on steam due to cloud saves but on the other steam has a very inconsistent stance on VN's
Oh OK thanks.
Nope no phone here, I just carry around my desktop in my pocket.
Yes you can, and depending on how $big$ the tip is you could get some tax breaks yourself.
dunno still debating that.
More like 99.999999999999999%
Currently I main chrom because he is clicking the most with me and fire emblem is my favorite non Zelda game on Nintendo systems.
That is terrifying...
Still better than ubisoft IMO
Literally unplayable
I use an anker forgot which line but it's over 20,000 mAh
No
It's a powercore+ 26800
Dunno
Anker makes 2 power banks branded for the switch and they are the only ones nintendo advises due to the weird power req's for the switch.
Right mine are just fine and I'm not exactly kind to them.
Bad attempt at the slow poke meme.
Drop your power to 540 using handicaps, match game, extinction, blackout, whatever singe the enemy doesn't use much.
Dude inaugural address, midnight coup, and Zenith of your kind are still good.
That's what happens when no one leaves the queue with a 4 stack in it.
Do you happen to work for the verge?
It should still post and just give you a warning about it.
I melee things in close proximity as a reaction and usually realize my mistake right before it connects...
That's not breaking records that's atomizing them.
Yes it does thank you.
Isn't that what everyone said about the Eagles last year?
That's fucking terrifying and I love it!
RemindMe! 2 months
Math checks out... Or does it?
I wanna see dak with someone other than Linehan for a full season before I decide on him.
You do Realize the entire game would have played out differently right? You can't reverse a bad call in hindsight and say the rest of the game plays the same, for all we know had that been ruled a turnover it could have lit a fire under the Cowboys asses and they could have played the entire game instead of just the last quarter.
I was replying to the first sentance my bad, and yes that OT TD catch was lucky.
NB4 a major injury happens in a completely meaningless game.
College of headcoach bard anyone?
Pls someone take him
What team in the NFC east has good management?
Fishing rod would like a word with you.
Only if you're not enveloped in inky goodness first
I fully agree and wish they'd stop putting it in games.
Pretty much everyone with a roaming super
I buy my own shit with the ree's and tears of salties.
I hope colonel finds you!
I would prefer this kind of conspiracy sub to the normal r/conspiracy which is basically nothing but politics now.
r/woosh or am I being wooshed?
oldie but goodie!
Cuphead, if it was on switch I'd actually buy it.
Nah the Cowboys will beat you again... In my dreams.
As the other guy said it's a diamondback watersnake it's non venomous.
I generally only use my queenbreaker(when I have it equipped) to kill invaders.
Could have at least used the right scene.
Is it sad that I still read that in his voice.
I'd rather have Hollow knight.
Master chief or Cervantes from soul calibur
He is prince uldrens cat and the colonel has wronged him, end the chicken and claim a shrodingers engram.
Wow that's not even good satire.
So that's why Garrett is still around.
I keep looking for a /s but I don't see it.
I with old final judgement until I see what the team is like with a competent OC that's not too slow to keep up with the game.
I could see that and would be fine with it.
Depends on what you want to play. But most games require at least standing.
Yeah Aikman was pretty damn good to watch.
Hmm I'd be okay with this, would obviously prefer Cowboys win it all but this would be a nice alternative.
Nah we'll just start a new meme about how many time Brady is intercepted.
[You know the](https://memegenerator.net/img/instances/72651019/process.jpg)
You should probably wife her before so one else does.
Http://Whereisxur.com is a handy site for finding when he comes, where he is, and what he has.
Pretty much every time someone starts off by saying "is it just me?" the answer is no.
Ewww pewdiepie
Thanks Obama?
Imma need sauce on that.
I love my switch and occasionally my vita steps in as a side chick.
So no sauce just supposition?
Again imma need some sauce with that, if it's clearly a port it shouldn't be hard to find proof.
That's the issue though you're "evidence" is in no way proven by anything you said. I don't think it's too much to ask for some actual proof behind your claims instead of "I said this so it must be true"
Sleep... Work sucks.
I'd rule that because of the holy water infusion and the size of the average bean they would deal 1d2 radiant dmg to undead, 0 dmg to everything else and be improvised weapons.
It's mainly holidays and my boss is a dick with scheduling.
They should give us the option to punch them. In the mouth to shut them up with full animation.
No mainly this &gt;"Except for, y'know, the fact that the game software was literally ported to run on Switch hardware and then expanded/tweaked/enhanced. &gt;Is the game worth a separate purchase? Absolutely. Does that change the fact that the game was first ported from the Wii U hardware to the Switch hardware? Nope." And according to what you just posted almost ever sequel or continuation of every game ever made would be a port.
The thing is not everyone will do it that same way he does and if you join a group that has done it several times as a newbie then you are expected to run the way the group runs it.
Only time I ever stress during a raid is when attempting day one or flawless, or there are 1 or 2 new idiots in my group.
Look up xenoblade chronicles 2
Good new Patriots the giants never actually beat you in the SB.
Ssbu
It's a long jrpg with action based battles instead of turn-based with a decent story.
You, I like you.
Sounds like a fun time.
We might find out next week
Now thats 100% salt no impurities.
Well the game is football
Isn't perl a programming language?
Disagree
Why save them when I'm the one who pushed them off.
As a bow main I never had issues with that.
At least they didn't claim its virtual rape
Because it's tennis and tennis isn't talked about much in general.
Slowpoke meme is better meme
I will sit here patiently.
Imma go with troll
I think it more about balance flavor than realism, as someone else said reach weapons would be the go to choices for rogues who sneak attack.
That was my childhood
But of course comments are disabled.
Have you ever bought a firearm at a gun show? well, i have and you do in fact have to submit to a background check. The only time you don't have to is for private sales and i wish the government good luck in regulating any private sale of anything.
The issue isn't a "whopping 1-2 points of damage" which at early levels isn't a small amount, its the extra 5 foot range of opportunity attacks combined with a sneak attack.
Or as many liberals will have you believe. If a white person does anything against a non white person, it's racism regardless of the reasons or motivations.
Dude take s screenshot or use snipping tool
Not very clearly since the text is extremely blurrt
I can sorta of make out mystic, it's likely "clear as day" for you because you already knew what it was.
It's not a scaling issue I'm on smartphone too, stop being obtuse.
The monitor is probably worth it, but the stand is just stupid.
I'm currently running an lmg mini tank build.
I'm enjoying my m249b with ranger and allegro as a primary with a lullaby as a secondary for it passive.
Would rather see Thor
Hagar the terrible or heathcliff
Then you must have amazing vision
Cuphead
Welcome to reddit, take a number and have a seat please.
Knock-off? I'd report it either way.
Why is the pip pen controller not on the bottom tier
I loved that thing
My monitor uses one for USB passthrough
Sounds like he needs to download more RAM.
That doesn't surprise me in the least.
You should check out r/tumblrinaction
Still has an extremely punchable face
https://imgur.com/a/2fAfXOD
Does [this] (https://www.play-asia.com/dead-or-alive-xtreme-3-scarlet/13/70cf2h) look like it's for kids
Nice my build currently has around 240k armor and 120k health, I'm running unbreakable over bloodsucker though and it has saved my life quite a few times.
Now I could be wrong but aren't vasectomy's not always reversible? ~~Didn't the pills that were tested cause sterility?~~ [nvm](https://www.technologynetworks.com/drug-discovery/news/male-birth-control-pill-passes-human-safety-tests-317223)
r/fireteams r/lfg Destiny lfg discord Bungie.net fireteam search.
Distance to servers matters quite a bit.
https://www.bungie.net/7/en/PCMove
Right, because why would she. It's a Pokémon game not a dating Sim.
Yes but bungie does not own a ton of data centers.
But spider bros are great for killing various flies mosquitos and other bothersome insects that get in the house.
You'll probably have to rebuy everything not on pc, but shoot an email or tweet to bungie to find out for sure.
Where's the NSFMR flair!
This just has to be poe...right?!
no i haven't and im happy for that.
r/holdthemoan sometimes has that.
what model is that or did you custom sculpt?
Only of you call Halo "Harley"
No it'll be a cut out folding helmet
I'll probably wait a week or so unless the pre-order bonus is amazing(unlikely)
Best break out the black talon
Honestly, no clue but out of all the swords I'd say it has the best shot...
How many rams does it hold, 1.5 Taleggio Bytes?
Huh, didnt know that.
If destiny is a documentary from the future I'd crap your pants.
It's not called 3rd and Witten without reason.
I don't get it
Your bank may have auto declined it if it's your first time making a game purchase only, call your bank and ask.
I guess this person has never heard of the Nanjing massacre, the Rwandan Genocide, the Great Leap Forward, the Cambodian Killing Fields, the Three Kingdoms war, or Ghengis Khan among many other events and people.
Complete savages
Sorry I'll leave
r/bustypetite
Are you in World Tier 5
... Wat
Can't say I have
I have 67 raids cleared, I just tend to raid with people who know how to be patient when needed.
If your body can't absorb it how does it make you more complacent?
[But why?](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/TenderExcitableKomododragon-size_restricted.gif)
Have you seen endgame?
I'm already a pr at the next raid I'm ready.
never said nor implied every experience was perfect just that no one started an encounter before everyone was ready. I forgot there is a hivemind mentality on this and most subs sorry for bothering you kind people with my different experiences.
i replied to the joke with a joke
Ah chaotic stupid
Midnight coup, I still use it in the latest dlc
Honestly until you are at or near power cap you should focus on what you are currently doing
r/wejumpthreetimes
Depends on what Dlc you have.
The accounts and everything on the accounts will switch to steam, you will not have to rebuy.
Probably wouldn't melt them but it would at the very least warp the fuck out of the blades and depending on how hot the fire is it could even super harden them and make them so super shitty swords.
What game? Some games are hard capped at 30.
Left to right
If you think it sucks on pc why do you think it would be any better on switch?
Im only at 621
Diversity for the sake of diversity is pretty stupid and doesn't really achieve anything.
If you game at 4k 5 years is way too long to wait, you might be able to get away with 2 years though. For those that don't game at high resolution or high framerate it's probably just GAS.
I know a few who do but yeah Its probably quite rare.
Nothing potential about it.
That's not how exos get new numbers
No its how many times they've been wiped.
Banshee directly says "Ugh, how many times has my system been wiped? Forty-one, forty-two, forty... three?"
Welp you set all the records for the next 20 years.
Yes the factory OC an ensures stable OC, depending on your luck with the silicon lottery and cooling you could go a decent bit higher
I think there would be far too many variables for that outside just blanket things like over/under extrusion or too fast/slow.
I got it from xur
https://www.bungie.net/7/en/PCMove
How can anyone trust you, the only information we have on the ryzen 3000 line is what and has told us, and tech manufacturers putting out misleading info isn't exactly new. I u derstand the hype train is hot right now but just like with game pre-orders wait until actual reviews cone out.
Grow up and stop caring about other people's subjective taste.
I'm strangely aroused
Gatta pay for that apple logo
Binding of Isaac
My (hope they get a good draft number) list is almost always. 1. Eagles 2. Steelers 3. Redskins 4. Giants 5. Depends on who hurt my boys the most last season this year it's the rams.
Have 2 monitors, neither are vertical, am employed. Where is your God now?
It's even more apprarant with at a OEM shoulder charge/hammer strike/shield bash Titan with ~insert high impact shotgun~, LoW and play of the game with proximity grenades
Those exist?
r/wejumpthreetimes
I got an easy triple at the start of a match yesterday, they decided to clump in a hallway.
r/tanlines
Excluvisity is anti-consumer
Firearms are in the Dmg so the are fully legal depending on what the dm says.
Except excluvisity isn't marketplace competition it's more akin to monopolizing. It's only giving the consumer 2 options don't play it or buy a particular system to play it. But loyal fan boys keep defending the practice and nothing ever changes.
I like this except for eagles winning the division
I'm game to play on Thursdays, I'm fairly experienced and have dm'd a couple of times(not a huge fan of it but willing if necessary) it's been too long since I've played and would love to start back up, I can't host but would be willing to travel if it's not online
Not a LoL player then.
It's funny I usually only see it when someone is doing poorly and them using it makes others use it.
Gatta sharpen the reeds dood
Just toss it in your pc and it'll play like never before
I want that jade rabbit
Both are pretty meh
I finally got the thorn last week
This is both low effort and off topic
Yeahwl while Amari is good and clearly the Cowboys best receiver, I wouldn't put him in the elite category not yet anyway.
Saints for no other reason than it would upset some coworkers I don't like.
I'd make sure you have good health, auto, and home/renters insurance
easy way to ~~ensure my demise~~ make that money.
Wrong! Sabrina is superior.
I was born into the silver and blue, liveed in Houston area all my life parents were fans therefore I inherited the Fandom and have never entertained a thought of leaving. I love this team.
I was working on the thorn quest last week so for a while I was running spectral blades ikelos HC and truth. But after that was done I used outbreak, a decently rolled beloved and bad news with tracking and blade barrage.
I have one with feeding frenzy rampage and I don't like it, hammerhead is better IMO due to the higher fire rate and larger mag
Australia
I got one from a strike
Same I knew the secret to good frames subconsciously
Well outside of media production stuff it does.
I think of anasi's goatman and abandoned by Disney when I think creepypasta
Since when did destiny add Yu-Gi-Oh? Is it a part of penumbra? Where do I find the opening quest?
Wait for spider to sell glimmer for a resource you have a ton of
I have 2 beloved that I use, one with snapshot and Quickdraw the other with mulligan and moving target
I want the revoker but I'm not good at comp so unless I get carried ill never get it or any of the comp weapons.
No u
I didn't realize the dev team was in charge of marketing.
[...](http://imgur.com/gallery/AdiBPrO)
If I'm right which I may not be, it's generally the publishing company that markets the games.
Bloodstained ritual of the night
For the sake of us that didn't play d1, what is it a and what's it do
Joking a clan is a good place to start.
Yes it is a penumbra event
I'm almost done with the sniping part
The trigger discipline in this image is disturbing...
No, just no
Keep being a flaky fan, and just leave.
Is that why I cry when I'm cut?
Apt
689160764 1 dupe
My online friends only know me as onion.
Then go ahead and leave flake
Id blow bubble gum on the sideline during easy gsmes in an effort to be called Duke Nukem if I'm somehow amazing. Although if I suck there'd be memes about me blowing.
Probably not but we can dream.
I live in Houston too and while I don't hate the Texans, I don't like them either.
But I love reading...
Hopefully we'll have decent coaching next season
Can't wait til 2142 and 2552.
It's the sixth...
Eza the ftp LR's?
but 2552 is when the pillar of autmn crash landed on installation 04
im aware of this,, would just rather be at the turning point of the war than the beginning.
That's not until October, I was thinking more a long the lines of august/september
"Well just a second there, professor. We uh, we fixed the *glitch*. So he won't be receiving a paycheck anymore, so it will just work itself out naturally."
Don't really care for the Texans either way.
Off brand duct tape
I don't even have 32 yet
Just finished my 2nd auto level, think I have like 20 something total
Out of my 20 something levels I might have 2 quality levels
And it's usually interpolated at that.
Yeah this seems way more likely.
I don't know about you but I can't see colors with my thumbs
The F button is where it's at.
How bout R nail instead
This just in! words no longer mean anything!
So 0%uptime awesome
That's why chaioman is king
ive tried hatchbox and eryone filament, oh my extruder is all aluminum, forgot to mention that. trying a different filament now
ok so far i've checked the nozzle, tube tip and make sure the tube is flush with the nozzle. how do i check for low idle pressure and my speed and temp settings used to work just fine
no clue how to do that
i've been using this printer for almost 2 years with no issues though, better safe than sorry i guess
It's difficult for me to go back to using one monitor(only do it for Lan parties) a second monitor is extremely useful for many reasons. Having the ability to stream netflix/hulu/disney/YouTube while playing a game is worth it by itself. There are times where I want a third monitor as well but with my desk it would be awkward
General rule of thumb is "if it seems too good to be true, it likely is"
Now I gatta try and ultimately fail at making some of these
Better have top of the line parts and good peripherals
Better than "city sweet &amp; sour"
I need to setup my rift again...
Balor?
Insta
I wanted to do that, then I saw how much work music levels are and changed my mind.
Not sure if I believe you. Can I get a second opinion?
There are 4 shot revolvers too
The internet would melt
It's a Cheongsam. Or at least it's styled like one.
r/titlegore
Probably
Alestorm and Sabaton
Did you try it?
Scarcity drives up value.
That tail is disturbing
What's going on now?
Even "Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter"?
Can i have some of whatever drug your on?
i couldn't finish it, me and my friend were on a "b movie" binge and we started to watch it. luckily the power blipped and stopped the stream, i just could make myself watch it again.
Worried about my own meat, fuck everyone else's meat.
Wish I had a squad...
I need to get around to filling out and submitting the nfa paperwork
No just baba it
As bad and unwelcome as the dudes joke is its still clearly a joke.
Right if aliens exist(not saying they don't) then the only thing they'd want from us is our planetary resources.
I'm scared to look at mine
Better than an enchanted tramp stamp
*insert slowpoke meme*
The first thing I do for any mobile game is turn sound off.
Pics or it didn't happen
Gatta be true then, they are honest people.
Because sexual predators are treated like all other prisoners in prison even if they didn't actually do it... It's more than a few years of their life it's usually the entire sentance in solitary where the mind breaks or the entire sentance of continued beatings and/or murder attempts. No sane person would willingly put themselves through that. Not to mention that if they get out they are put on the sexual predators list for I think 15 years minimum and good luck finding a decent job with a rape charge. False accusations while rare do absolutely ruin lives.
im still debating on whether to summon for him or not, i have a pretty stacked box and i dont run ROG very often and i dont think ill run explosion of anger
Masked sayian would be nice
Goku family 640
17AC and 80 HP along with ability to to change resistances is a bit much for 2 level 3's and with a 2d10+4 dmg attack its even worse. That attack could kill a max health barb (that's with CON at 20 and getting the full d12 of health every level) in 3 hits My advice is to join a group running a stock module (adventurers league at your LGS is a good place) as a new player. Homebrew ing is a very tricky thing to do even with decades of d&amp;d experience especially if it's an on the fly type of homebrew.
Most definitely, I know I've done similar in the past. Dming can be a nightmare before you understand how much a difference buffing an enemies HP can make. General rule of thumb when buffing and or nerfing enemies for low level characters is to pick either HP or AC to be high not both. On top of that unless the enemy is intended to be able to one-shot a player it shouldn't be able to outside of getting a crit. As a new player/group it's a good idea to stick with modules or find an experienced and good DM so you can learn the ropes and game mechanics without feeling frustrated. We all gatta start somewhere and there are many newbie friendly groups out there. Don't get discouraged it's a game that's easy to play but impossible to master and we are all still learning.
If the price is right, maybe.
Charge your phone
You've seen some old looking 8 year Olds then.
Good point, brown to green(?) is a pretty radical shift.
This is the type of conspiracy I come to this sub for, fuck the political shit.
Likely have fawns nearby and perceive the "witnesses" as a threat.
How many times will this be reposted without changing anything.
Can't wait until he overclocks a clock
Good point.
im smelling a subnautica tie-in
I want this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World%27s_Largest_Dungeon?wprov=sfla1
Agreed, she'd literally have to murder a Trans minority while eating a live infant in the middle of wall street to get anything more than a slap on the wrist. If that happens though she'll just get epstiened
It's not so much the right is weak its more that the left gets most of the new blood.
Can you be sued? If it violates copyright then yes you can, but companies rarely go after individuals. At most it'll get DMCA'd and that's it. Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer and all legal questions should be directed towards a law professional, they are paid to be correct.
I don't even remember the last time I ran the orb event, and the last time I did it was probably for a mission.
Got whis and beerus on the last discount summon
Vegito blue and teq golden freiza
I did a stupid on turles, for some reason I used super agl against him... Twice. Didn't realize my stupidity until I went to fight dyspo.
This just in! a random celebrity supports blm
1 stone to all for fucking up and putting the trove offline to fix it, and 1 stone for those who purchased the pack.
Generally as long as the drop rate isn't complete ass I throw them in at 50%
Invite sent, I'm onion
Happens to us all.
http://imgur.com/a/5bTxtz8 was an annoying eza
&gt; Now, that's the real dumbass here. After all, "using your action" is a game/meta-/out-of-character concept, not an in-character concept. Yes, I'm fun at parties. Now those are the parties I'm interested in.
Sounds like a plan.
https://imgur.com/gallery/DE68j
Don't see any comments in your defence. I don't love it nor do I hate it, I don't see myself getting one but i can see why others would be excited.
I'd rather hear an Indian accent over a squeaker.
No, to many low areas and the stock thermal paste isn't the best. Just tell him to pick up some arctic silver 5 or tuniq tx-4 both are cheap and fairly common.
You probably fried something or just connected something wrong.
True, if it bothers you that other people prefer a different gaming platform, then you need to reassess your priorities in life.
The main reasons for using a wired mouse is latency and battery issues, with a setup like the one you want you'd probably have slightly worse latency than if you just got a wireless mouse.
I take my spacebar cap off and put a fishing weight on the switch.
Looks too Applely for me.
Maybe the case is the heatsink.
Gas main leak
Have you updated your drivers?
Hard to say from a side profile shot, but it's likely a cheapish savage/Thompson center/ruger likely in .308(most common hunting caliber in the US)
sauce?
No thanks I'm using all of mine.
hated that movie
Friends? Oh you must mean my lizard doggos.
Thought it was burned.
Love the look on EA.
Apple monitors.
*laughs in case*
God that looks horrible.
The show was based on asian culture and myth... Of course your not going to see white people.
Agreed, one of my favorite phy
It's a rinse and repeat main series Pokémon game, very easy and the story is extremely linear and filled with annoyingly pointless dialogue. Core gameplay is not really any different from previous titles you just have a new way to obtain powerful Pokémon through the raids. Unless your breeding for shinies or egg moves there is little point to breeding due to the end game battle tower giving the ability to max a Pokémon IV's using bottle caps (obtained with BP) and changing the nature using mints (obtained with BP) At the end of the day is just another main series game that doesn't really impress but as a Pokémon fan I enjoy it and the Dlc while somewhat short as far as story goes brings in a lot of older Pokémon and a few new ones.
I was the same way in my first 100 hours or so but I got burned out before I made it to nuclear power and have just recently started to get back into it.
If I get the fusions and have stones left I probably will.
That's more or less what I'm doing now, currently in the northern forest with a small factory making everything up to advanced steel(encased steel beam and the like) just not in great quantities. Still have several untapped pure iron nodes nearby and 1 untapped pure coal not to far away. Just waiting on containers to fill before I go any further
I'm ready to skip while whistling a merry tune
You monster!
Are you new here?
Probs my favorite old team too bad the leader is woefully outclassed.
One helluva repost
My arm suddenly hurts a but, like it was impacted by something.
Got an old 7870 myst that I don't intend to use again. It's not much but it should be better than a gts 450
If your willing to pay shipping I'll send it to you at no additional cost. Be warned though I don't know if it still works and I don't feel like testing it.
Better get 5 stones for this shit.
To bad anniversary is right around the corner
CST bro!
More like 100 small orbs of each type
I wouldn't worry about card specs as they can be misleading especially clock speed. Real world benchmarks are generally the best thing to use when comparing different cards.
hahahahahahahahahaha!
Didn't think you would but thanks for the reassurance.
As a white man, gross.
&gt;Look, make what you will of it, plausibility exists of discount surplus fireworks bought by traitorous soros types for nefarious purposes, inoculating people to get used to loud explosions, gunshots, fireworks, no one will know. Tannerite can be used for the same purpose but it's available all year.
But have you trained yourself? I don't mean just going to the range so you can be more accurate in a controlled no stress situation.
&gt;cartoon animals which will eventually turn into real bestiality, In the same way weed is a gateway drug.
Same, I watch porn for the porn. Not for the theme. As long as I find the actress/actresses physically attractive and they aren't doing anything I find disgusting then I generally don't care for the theme or setting.
Officially more terrifying.
As a fat guy being fat is absolutely a choice.
i'd watch an episode or 2 of that
I take the middle half of both right and left, that's is truly they best part.
Wrong sub for this.
If lipo batteries are left at or near 0% for to long they degrade quickly. If your out of warranty then get someone to replace the battery if you don't feel you can safely.
From what I've read and experienced half charge is generally best. I believe that's why most rechargeable batteries come new at 50% charge.
Because reasons
That's all that matters.
Gross
Looks more like an owl to me
I try to do all of my smelting at the miners to save space on the production floor
Is this a troll attempt?
at least you have a main. when i play with friends(pretty much the only time i play) we just go random. i have several characters im decent with though.
