The ancient Dell Latitude on his colleagues desk was my clue that this video must be ten years old or older.
&gt;but she was *going to* **starve** I hate videos like this. Let's take a story and take like a minute to convey ten seconds of info.
&gt;garbage cars I'll admit, I thought you were making this up, but I checked and they literally do have open carts full of garbage on the subway! [Here's a YouTube video.](https://youtu.be/24Krs9thWgk) I'm not sure if they are pushed by a regular train car or how it works though.
Sounds like a *very* short term job. I wouldn't be surprised if they just want you to nail signs to trees advertising them. It reminds me of HughesNet, another super slow satellite internet provider, who did something similar.
Maybe don't distribute pirated books with your own Dropbox account.
You guys killed this sub, good work.
I've got a Pixel 2 XL and it STILL takes like 90+ seconds to start this game. \*has\* to be one of the worst optimized games I've ever played.
This is made possible via Google Maps Location Sharing. What's happening here is that this bot has a list of e-mail addresses it adds to its contacts list. It then sends a Google Maps Location Sharing Request, where you ask another user to share their location with you. &amp;#x200B; Here's the manual steps to do this &amp;#x200B; \&gt;[https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3246303?hl=en](https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3246303?hl=en) &amp;#x200B; From what I can tell, Location Sharing requests aren't exposed via the API (the application programming interface, a set of tools google provides to developers to allow them to write automation jobs and tools using stuff you can do in the app manually) so that means that whoever wrote the tool generating the message you saw probably found an unpublished end-point and used that to send this message. **TLDR SCAM** &amp;#x200B;
This notification is coming to you from Google Maps, because someone is exploiting something in Location Sharing. What's happening here is that this bot has a list of e-mail addresses it adds to its contacts list. It then sends a Google Maps Location Sharing Request, where you ask another user to share their location with you. &amp;#x200B; Here's the manual steps to do this &amp;#x200B; \&gt;[https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3246303?hl=en](https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/3246303?hl=en) &amp;#x200B; From what I can tell, Location Sharing requests aren't exposed via the API (the application programming interface, a set of tools google provides to developers to allow them to write automation jobs and tools using stuff you can do in the app manually). So either * A.) Some poor soul is manually sending these requests or.... * B. ) Whoever wrote the tool generating the message you saw found an unpublished end-point and used that to send this message. Not only is it not legit, but it also violates their TOS as well. **TLDR SCAM** &amp;#x200B;
If this hamburger menu ad also gave me a QR code for a discount on a burger, THEN we're talking some interesting synergies. &amp;#x200B; Please eat verification burger to respond.
They could use your location info to scam you, or to sell it to advertisers. There's no telling what an inscrupulous someone might do with your location data. Heck, they could use it to know when you're out of your house to rob you, or break in and plant dozens of packages of spooky spider eggs in your dresser and the drawers of your bathroom.
It would be awesome to listen to some recordings of his classes!
Sing it to the tune of Freire Jacque (also known as Are you sleeping, Father John) Negative b, *negative b* Plus or minute square root *plus or minus square root* B squared minus 4 Ac *B squared minus 4 AC* All over 2A *All over 2A*
In Goldeneye, probably the first multi-player console shooter people played, the stages tended to be color coded. It's like the developers at Rare *wanted* you to screen peek! With just a glance you'd see the color of the area they were in and know just where to find them! And thinking about that has unpacked these memories of those multi-player maps... I don't think they'll ever leave me. I'll forget my name but be slaying it in Xbox and Goldeneye in the retirement home.
Keep in mind that most of these internal tools are built with the expectation that they \*\*won't\*\* be exposed to the outside internet. However misplaced, people assume you can trust employees of the company to not experiment with things like cross site scripting attacks and the like. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Super common scam, check /r/scams there's a sticky dedicated just to this. No they don't have footage of you and you should just reset that password and ignore them.
Wow, do the points start really coming more as you get to further stages? I kept dying at around 2400 points! How do you receive your bonus for Arena of Trials? I was in the top 5% :) \#Edit: to retrieve your bonus, click on the new event page 'Ready to Raise a pet', then click the banner on the bottom of the screen to be taken to 'last event reward'!
I'm not sure how much the pets will level up. I bought one of the 1K gem egg packs and got a red-nosed reindeer, A Rank. It gave me an additional 10K combat power right away but then when I check the inventory...I don't have any materials to level him up. It's a neat idea, and I love pets, but the selection is kind of...uh...weird right now. Not sure if they're a better value than other stuff you could buy for $20. Now, what I'm really interested in...how much is the third tier of the tiered bonus? 1K gems for $0.99 per character was a no brainer!
Maybe they now deliver both with the bundle? This is why we should have legislation requiring the drop rates to be listed on any loot box. That is, until loot boxes are inevitably made illegal.
Oh I see! It was a fun event and I liked the challenge of the gigantic winged demon monster who would appear, and the frantic scramble of stages 4 and up. But damn were the first three stages super boring. I don't know how you did it....it was **so boring.**
I feel insulted thinking of spending that kind of money on a game with such a disdainfully bad translation, ya know?
Yeah, I'm referring to the patch notes. It would cost \~$5 or less to pay someone to screen the patch notes and ensure they have a good localisation, but it doesn't happen so we're left with weird and janky English.
Ouch, I bet the game is \*very\* painfully slow on an iPhone 6. I have a Pixel XL 2 which is a pretty beastly phone, and I still find the load times to be kind of slow. From what I can tell, the game was developed for iOS and then cross compiled to Android (not positive though). You can find game footage [like this of the game looking just gorgeous on an iPad Pro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZaLZACbqks). I'm interested to see how snappy it is on the new iPad, which is outrageously overpowered for what it is. Sorry man, sounds like a rough day. Have you thought about maybe gaming on an iPad/
Absolutely absurd, who is spending that kind of cash on a game like this?
I made a gif of it, it was \*way\* too fast for me to tell what was happening before! &amp;#x200B; [https://media.giphy.com/media/65KbBBoxRrLz7mKTlK/giphy.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/65KbBBoxRrLz7mKTlK/giphy.gif)
What a great read, I loved this line. &gt;If you don’t have faith in Judeo-Christian God then you probably won’t get invited to the church summer picnic, and depending on who turns out to be right you might burn in hell for all eternity. But if you don’t have faith in HTTPS then you can’t use the internet
I bought a steelcase leap 2 for like 50 on ebay. Absolutely awesome bargain. I used to have so much back and leg pain and I'm a healthy, trim guy. Now I can plant my ass in this bad boy for ten hour stretches of development while I eat bacon by the handful.
Zuckerberg replied to a question with 'I'm a power user of the internet'. Loved the phrase, I have it on a shirt now (the Verge was selling them)
I mean God could appear as a being in the heavens. Or speak to everyone's mind at the same time, there's endless possibilities. I'm just saying I don't think the author meant anything insulting towards religion in his post. I'm involved with my own church and I perceived no slight, personally.
I would recommend waiting till another 'Can't MIss it Bundle', which gave you something like 80 inventory slots for a buck. Use your gems for Costumes first, try to get all A's. Then Costume Decos, then buy gear chests with it. Remember that *you can* upgrade Gear, but you cannot upgrade Costumes. So you should save up your gems (you get them by getting top 10% for PVP, Team PVP, Raiding, and also completing Story Missions) Keep in mind that you can easily get a LOT of gems by making one of each character class. Gems and unopened treasure chests track with your account.
Time to ask if he has ever heard of planking.
I've got one which I swear generates foul smells. I can be fresh out of the shower and have laundered it in hot water and vinegar, and if it toss it on my arms smell like ass nachos.
IMHO they're the biggest threat of any mob in raid. I make them my top priority!
The pets are really underwhelming, they're basically another accessory but one you have to feed and to top it off, it feels more like a disingenuous cash grab than anything yet. I was already feeling wrung out by this game.
Me as the end of my sprint approaches and everything is still in the 'to do' swim lane.
Nintendo is a publicly traded company, I wonder how they explain the colossal and continual embarrassment that is their online offering to their shareholders?
I can't wait for the eventual YouTube Messenger app in 2019. Doesn't support text messaging, instead you can only send short videos, which are publicly available.
This is really cool!
Oh there's a new sub for me, thanks!
You can lock it and also ratchet the settings in so it becomes as inflexible as the arteries in my heart.
I like styling things and playing with JavaScript, Css and jquery. What does less give me that I don't have natively?
I don't call that lazy writing, I think if they address why something is a certain way, at least it helps the audience to accept it. For example, Star Wars did none of this with their using of ships as relativistic weapons. Why have people bothered with a Death Star when you could put a hyper drive on an asteroid and shoot it at a planet for one thousandth of the cost of the Death Star. Had Star Wars had even a sentence about it, I could have accepted it... But with nothing, I am left to just drag Star Wars into every conversation for the rest of my life. That brings me back to my point of... Wait, what were we talking about again?
Which season is this? I am rewatching now (and I must say that Robert California is hilarious, I didn't like him at all before.)
&gt;I've tried to talk her into letting me do it but no dice. Wow what a bitch /s
We know trickle down does not work, because at best a fabulously wealthy person will only buy three or four houses. They're not buying a neighborhood of them, each with a car or two that goes to a mechanic, an owner of which takes his kids to Chukie Cheese, the employees of which can buy clothes or go see a movie or hire a tutor. Focusing on enabling the low and middle classes to have more money and safety net is what seeds cash throughout the economy, giving us low unemployment.
He's just a super lovable character. I loved the books and the games, I can't get enough of him.
I'll never forget flying by and seeing a low level Horde player running for his life from a mounted human rogue, begging for help on /all. I felt *amazing* landing and hitting him the rogue with an ice trap and then blowing him away.
I've gotten disheartened about the gear chests. 3K gems and... It's all N and three B's. Definitely a bummer
I *knew* that it had guaranteed A+ drops before! I knew it! Pretty sketchy to drop the quality like that.
Piggy-backing on this to highlight that the gem gear chest was NERFED in an unpublished change, it guaranteed higher rank gear before, with a minimum of one piece A+ \~ A++ or S previously. Starting with the Christmas event patch last week, it can no longer guarantees a super good piece of gear anymore. The 3K gear chest is now a terrible value, I'd recommend holding out for the 5K gem bundles instead.
So many amazing jackets in that video.
Holy shit, Duralumin was real?! &amp;#x200B; I thought that Sanderson was just making up metals in Mistborn, I guess not!
I really hope to see more about people manipulating and combining Powers with hemalurgy in the next few bucks. There is always an awesome power moment in the series when someone gets a super power boost, I'm just hoping we get that incredible pay off in the next one.
It's called the Devil's Den, in Florida. I left a comment with more info.
He would make a really good Cable le too.
Me too man. Maybe five years ago I realized thst SQL was the dullest blade in my knife set, so I set to sharpening it. Ff to today and I'm making C# apps and digging into SSMS all damn day
Thank you for your excellent record keeping. It looks like the drop rates are even worse than we would have expected.
You joke but there's a big focus on TDD and unit testing with code coverage requirements going on for the last few years at msft
Oh cool, I've never seen it in real life but I have it in my city in Cities Skylines!
Wtf pigs get to be 800 lbs?! How big are pigs!?
I run gitdiff on my own code *dozens of times* a day to see what I broke. Eespecially if you're working on a team, it's practically impossible to maintain confidence in a script repository without spruce control.
I don't want to spoil it but the last reply from you was hilarious
I like that of all the games in the world they could use on the display screen, they choose the creepy weird image of the boss stage from SNK VS Capcom with a huge M Bison smiling. Also, haven't heard about this guy in like ten plus years and he's hocking crap from eBay? You'llllll
Lol it [says 4k ultra HD on top of a composite video cable](https://i.imgur.com/go88Vvm.jpg)! For those who have never seen them these are the old red white and yellow cables which max out at 480p resolution.
if you have gold, ~~Khajiit~~ Nexon has A++'s
I wouldn't call it overreaching, if you want to blame someone blame the moronic legislature of Utah for passing the [SB 134 Materials Harmful to Minors bill.](https://le.utah.gov/~2018/bills/static/SB0134.html) This law requires isps to conspicuously and unavoidably advise their customers of software which exists that allows for content filtering. What else is the ISP going to do? They basically have to comply or pay a hefty fee.
Wow this is shady, if true &gt;person claiming to be a former Edge developer has today described one such action. For no obvious reason, Google changed YouTube to add a hidden, empty HTML element that overlaid each video. This element disabled Edge's fastest, most efficient hardware accelerated video decoding. It hurt Edge's battery-life performance and took it below Chrome's. The change didn't improve Chrome's performance and didn't appear to serve any real purpose; it just hurt Edge, allowing Google to claim that Chrome's battery life was actually superior to Edge's. Microsoft asked Google if the company could remove the element, to no avail.
Whoa dude this is an *excellent* write up, nicely done! The idea of just presenting the xaml as it's own file is so good too, it's a great way to separate files by their content and give you a more professional way to deliver a PowerShell GUI. In fact I don't see myself using my own method anymore now, lol.
Synovus is actually a pretty big bank. Sounds like ended up calling one of their customer service lines, which commonly ask for the last 4 digits of your social security number. Instead you can mark 'return to sender' on their makings and that will get it to stop soon enough.
Remember the ones will cool graphics and music built in? They also could inject text into your session too, which was neat for screen shotting fake chats.
Whoa is there a re-release of Warcraft III?
Wrong sub for it but YTA.
Whoa, finally a font I like as much as Calibri!
&gt;I personally experienced a situation when a dedicated database was created to store extra 30GB of data. After converting the data from JSON to tables and using right types, the same exact data took a little bit more than 600MB, fit entirely in RAM even on smallest instances. I would definitely read this medium post.
Maybe I'm fuzzy here, why wouldn't the index persist through a restart?
&gt;Ringworlds I am \*super\* hurting for a book to read right now, and just finished Infinite. I loved Bob's Universe and other books like that. Would I like Ringworlds?
I feel this but I don't get a pop, it just stops catching and I can suddenly breathe normally again.
Oh yeah, well how come I get ASMR but I'm such an asshole?
Boy is she a toxic and hateful person with insane views, but hell if this isn't a sick burn. &gt;In the end, we'll probably find out "wall" was Trump's "safe word" with Stormy Daniels. It's just something he blurts out whenever he's in trouble.
I feel personally attacked.
This is not how I wanted the world at large to learn about ASMR. It's already weird enough without fringe stuff like this and boobie thumbnail girls.
ｏｂｊｅｃｔ ｃｌａｓｓ :Ｅｕｃｌｉｄ
Ever wonder why fires are prohibited on beaches? Well, sand is an absolutely fantastic insulator of heat, and used often in forging for that reason. So you could have your smallish campfire and then the next morning, the sand still be amazingly hot and worst of all, not visibly dangerous. Imagine just walking along and stepping on some 300 degree sand!
I had some pretty severe nerve damage in my leg and had paralysis in the muscles on parts of my foot due to a series of injuries. It affected my gait and I could barely walk. In physical therapy, they recommended me always visualize the muscles working and that it **was going to move again some day **. I'll never forget hearing... &gt;try not to forget what it's like to be able to move this foot again, if you do it will make it harder for you When I could eventually move my foot again, even a tiny bit, it felt like such a victory. Now I'm fifteen years later and other than a few small things, I'm basically good as new and don't think of it any more.
Cool quote from the article that was linked last time this surfaced: &gt;Estimating the size of the gears to 0.2 meters and using 2.3 trillion years as the revolution time, I calculated that for the outer edge of the gear to move the interatomic distance between atoms in iron would take the about 1000 years for it to do.
What's the level max for essence, if you happen to know ☺?
I dont' actually like this approach, too many things can be blocked by it, like one of the banking services that we use. Additionally, I've seen download links blocked by its matching pattern. For instance, I just ran into an issue where I couldn't download the newest version of FFMpeg because of a network level ad blocker. &amp;#x200B; I prefer the ease of an in-browser solution. IMHO, everyone will eventually encounter an error with a router level ad blocker and they can be very hard to find (mainly because you forget about setting up the filtering!)
I *always* carry a folded up $40 bill in my wallet. No matter what. If I spend it, I immediately replace it. It's just a good feeling, no matter how badly things are going, I will always have this small amount of cash to buy some diapers or juices for the kids.
That line was *sooo out of character* for Stanley, well, maybe not Florida Stanley. Now I could absolutely see Gabe or Creed saying it, or Ryan.
It was a deleted scene, I'm not sure what context it would have been used in!
The game seems to matchmake solely based on player power...which makes little sense, if you ask me. Player power level should be ignored for matchmaking. What I mean is that the affects of gems or gear skills should be kept, but ignore player CP level. If this were to happen, then PVP would be more skill based and less grind/pay based, which I think would make for more fun combat. I'm not sure about you but I \*really\* don't think it's fun to be paired up with someone in Duel PVP who has 1.5 M CP on my character and kills me in three hits. &amp;#x200B;
You get stash the thousands and thousands of people who are unable to contribute to society into a little capsule hotels with a full VR that stimulates you directly at the brainstem and cuts off outside consciousness. Then these people can be slowly lowered into a stasis temperature where they consume way less calories. It will be a pretty good way to deal with excess population, especially if they could be subtly taught actionable skills. I imagine clouds of human put into a near stasis state and shot out of our solar system from an orbital platform at one of the Lagrange points, on a trajectory to bring them near to a colonizable planet, living Von Neumann probes. Along the flight they could learn all of the skills they would need through a gamified adventure simulation.
&gt;Dark skies are getting harder to find day by day. :( They're easier to find at night.
Getting once a day lock up and freezing on my gaming / media server PC after installing this one. i7 2700K on an Asus P8Z77-V PRO with 32 GB Corsair Vengence DDR 3 Ram. Also exhibiting horrible wifi performance on my Surface Book 2 for this update as well. &amp;#x200B;
Back on the tail end of the ol last Earth warmin', I heard tell of these floating ferns in the ocean that slurped up tons of carbon and then died, taking it down to the bottom of the ocean. Seems like something we might try again, you ask me.
That's a beautiful comic.
I dunno *TryToHire()* must be defined in a repository somewhere, without knowing how it interprets scoring, there's no telling what value I would get for *myScore*. Guess I'll have to pass. I did think it was a very fun presentation though ☺
Well, Relay should handle for this. That action of opening with an alternate handler is already called when you click the Globe icon, so it makes sense to block the handler call for them.
Chiming in on this thread to say be wary of the cumulative update for this month. I've had nonstop gpu crashing and system lockups since installing it. I went ahead and rolled it back and have had a much better experience.
I'm coming up on my first biggish app deployment for a full asp.net app for internal use, with a sql server backend. Ill definitely look into doing the similar version of this for sql server.
Vesa monitor mounts.
What is *seenzoning*? Is it when someone shuts down everything with 'seen it before, read it already' etc?
No knock back anything anymore?! 🙁 Wake me up when wow classic gets back to TBC again.
That... is a great point which challenged what I was thinking before. Thanks.
*Who Is ThIs hACkeR gItHub AnyWAY?!*
That is one dense post. So much awesome stuff in one post ！
This is why I normally unsubscribe from a Fandom subreddit after only about three months or so. It's always the same kind of BS in every sub every day. * look at this merch * look at this tattoo I got * look at my occasionally really good art * and 1/20 of the posts are actually interesting discussion
Aww you were laying in bed cuddling your new cpu, that's so cute.
It would be neat to add a diverging diamond interchange instead of a traditional one here. It would be satisfying to have even more cars crossing around
This is just the most recent in a series of incredibly clever and Insidious advertising campaign that people would never know about if not for advertising companies being unable to quit bragging.
Imagine if they had expanded into hosting maker meet ups with hands on demos of building rasperby pis or arduino and other things. Heck they could have even expanded into build your own quads and drone parts and supplies. They could have morphed with the times, there's basically no place that exists likes this and it was right in their wheel house
I think if they spent some time investing in a good training program they could have nominated one or two people from each store and they could have gone to that kind of training. Spreading that kind of training and knowledge around, sparking interest in programming and robotics and making lots of money at the same time, it could have been quite a success story.
Thai looks absolutely beautiful, I would love to learn to speak and write it. Looks much easier than Japanese, although maybe it also has a huge set of characters with varying pronunciation too!
How much do these typically run in the states? Are they required to have one of those long projection barrels you see on rifles like the P90?
Oh so is that Bermese then? I've never seen the script before and I think it's beautiful.
If it's tonal I'm fucked, I could never understand the tones in Mandarin. In order to get it right I felt like I sounded like I was mocking the teacher, exactly copying her tone.
Dieter and the guys at the Verge are completely in love with Teenage Engineering and are totally charmed with tiny devices like this. It's specifically engineered to get them hooked on it, in my opinion. This could be cute but I'd never spend the money on it.
The rotatable 3d video of the device in action was really cool looking! This thing looks super neat and I love the engineering of it. It just looks so cool.
Here's some on why they're so weird, with pictures too! https://oceanservice.noaa.gov/facts/portuguese-man-o-war.html I looked and found [one account of a person dieing from a man-o-war sting,](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1306339/Woman-dies-stung-Portuguese-man-war-jellyfish-Sardinia.html) she went into anaphylaxis and died, it's sad, she was 69.
Ah, just like Mandarin, they have 5 tones. Yes, I have just closed the door on my interest in Thai. As a non musical English speaker, it's just not in my wheel house.
Eberytime I see the Hill of Swords I'm going to remember Griffith talking didainfully about it and Rickert just ringing his bell.
I want a Snoz laptop sticker
Powershell can't find the help because we wanted to save 4kb and didn't ship it in box, lol oh yeah and if you try to download it while not an admin it will fail unless you use a certain param
That's when you know Powershell has tricked you into becoming a developer. Happened to me I started out as just the PowerShell guy and now I'm writing asp net mvcs. Tricky tricky!
The most important reveal conversation in the whole show. Jon Snow to Bran: tell them. I still cannot believe this conversation happened off screen.
Dumb question incoming, how do you know of you can mikiri a move or not? I find it hard to tell whether a move will be a thrust or a sweeping attack. Also, do you hit O while guarding or with guard down? I basically forgot how to do it.
If I were the developers I would have expressed my sick sense of irony to encode just this sort of behavior. /u/FromSoftware, if you're out there, hire me.
Is this Night jar slash? If not may I have the move name please?
FromSoft, hire this man and I go pair program this feature.
I was super psyched about it, as it is built on dotnet Core 3 Preview 5 which is the first dotnet core version to add wpf support again. I thigh this could be a path to wpf GUIs everywhere. Only after digging in did I discover that WPF maps directly to core Windows functionality, and until WPF is made cross plat, which is unlikely given the work effort, WPF GUIs will remain Windows native. I started looking into Avalonia but it is nascent and has a lot of custom controls and isn't a drop in replacement for WPF either.
IMHO I'd love not having to use the foreach operator in a pipeline, a script block alone should be implicit that you want to run the action on every item in the pipeline.
That's an interesting tidbit about tar.gZ files, that one files compression history and logic can be used to further compress each additional file on the archive, while instead a zip archive does each file individually. I always wondered how a tar.gz could be so very very small.
I really want an Android phone without Google. I'm growing to realize how little I trust them with my information and my everything.
That's an excellent technique I'll try it against Lady Butterfield tonigh!
I was at a neighborhood social at the pool in my neighborhood the other day, largely full of the sweet old ladies and men I see working in their flower beds who always wave to my family and offer my kiddos sweets. It was the first time really having a conversation, and nice old Cynthia, in her 70s who is so sweet to my daughter said 'you know I am not a hateful person but there are millions of Mexicans coming over that boarder who want to take everything away from us' It was the second sentence she's ever said to me, I couldn't believe it! I said 'well the boarder is two thousand miles form here, and we have plenty of room in the country, heck, North Dakota has only 500 thousand people, there's plenty of room' She then responded that they were taking all the jobs. I reminded her of our low unemployment and she just kept pivoting. This little old lady and every other nice old person was just quietly seething with hate. This is a very mixed area too, it's crazy 1984 happened for real, it's just our grandparents watching the five minute hate all day long.
I literally don't understand what you're saying happened? What is up with this weird ass and perplexing title? Whats the way back machine link supposed to prove? 0/10 information in this post, this stuff is horseshit, where are the mods.
1000 out 1000 times an anonymous personal assistant job is 100000% a scam. Here's what will happen: * They'll send you a very believable fake check * you will deposit it and federal law requires X percent of a check be made available while the bank clears the check * they'll ask you to spend some percentage of the money for them and keep the rest * You'll be so happy and do it * three weeks later the super fake check will bounce and the bank will remove all of the money and you'll have lost funds Anything which is ever in any way similar to some rando sending you money like this is 10000000% fake and a scam.
They don't actually use your number in that it has nothing to do with your phone plan or that sort of thing. Instead, when you make a call using a phone call service like Twilio (where I can make 1000's of calls for a buck) I just provide the number I want to call and the number I want to call from and hit GO and it makes the calls for me. [Here's the docs, it's really this simple](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/quickstart/csharp) var to = new PhoneNumber("+14155551212"); //number I want to call var from = new PhoneNumber("+15017122661"); //number I want to appear in their caller ID var URL = new Uri("http://demo.twilio.com/docs/voice.xml"); var call = CallResource.Create(to, from, URL); //makes the call So they just have some list of random numbers and when they call a new set of numbers, they look for a matching area code, because people are more likely to answer a local number. Until we implement verified dialing in some way, which would be an FCC level change, this problem cannot be solved.
Join us in this sub and become semi-benevolent but mostly hateful mentors to other people who come posting questions. If you deposited the check don't touch those funds, call your banks fraud line and report it and maybe they can remove the fraud funds more quickly.
What's in that building that looks like a ufo BTW?
The icon that appears in the bottom middle of the all home view feels a bit like the IPhone home button and I don't like that specifically but I think otherwise it's a perfect app.
Ko inu ha
Such a fun fight, having me pull me off behind him with my grappling hook!
IMHO they should have been different colored Kanji for sweep VS thrusts.
Could you expand on the items and prosthetics you had in mind when you were writing that ml
The only things to die in that episode were the rest of the Mormant family and my interest in the show.
They're cute! I thought that only females could be calico? I checked and the rate is 1:3000 calico are male!
If you are filtering out the dlls, I'd not be surprised if a lot of things break around your environment. Programs have to have their dlls!
Leaving out Shining Force... Unforgivable! IMHO the other selections are really good, at least one Phantasy Star game made it (and I'd argue PS4 is the best of them, my first RPG ☺)
This notification thing has had me going crazy. For the longest time I've had my phone set to vibrate for everything but play a ringer when my phone rings. For the last week my notifications have been playing at max volume no matter what setting I use, if I have my media volume above silent. Glad to know it's not just a e.
Which one is the Google app? The search one? IMHO I'm thinking of replacing it with a different search... I hate how it tries to keep me in a mini chrome tab instead of respecting my default browser settings. That's straight anti competitive. Fortunately my congressman is 843 years old and has his aides print out his emails and tweets. Surely he'll appreciate the nuance of this issue.
Good luck with the baby when it comes. Hope your wife has an easy delivery ☺
Sure, I'm not insulting you at all! You've done well to secure so much! From a developer perspective though, if I make an app and distribute it with some dlls and assets I need them all. If you block list my dlls so I can't access them, my shits gonna break. Same probably applies to this situation, unless the SRP feature can apply this whitelist to related assets, I dunno.
Since bug started I also can't background play audio from YouTube anymore and I was able to do that before.
OP, you should post this info in the comments here. Here's what the IMGUR album says &amp;#x200B; \&gt; My partner found this place online, advertised as an apartment in New York. The landlady apparently lived in North Carolina. Unfortunately, when they went to pay her, she took the money, closed the account and disappeared, and now they're down €1600. We didn't clock the scam when we were looking at the listing, and we even reverse-image searched everything she had, but didn't see anything online to suggest there was an issue. I'm posting this so that if someone does the same as we do, this album should hopefully appear. Please, do not be taken in by this scam, and report that bitch if you get the chance. Here's the photos of the place. [https://imgur.com/a/Rhac8L2](https://imgur.com/a/Rhac8L2)
*Mr. Fluffner you fat fuck, I'm going to end you if you don't get your head out of that tuna fish can.*
I just got a PS4. How do I view the damn clips and screenshots that I save?
You can deflect a lot of his moves. I was trying to dodge everything which did not work out super well. If you'd like a more specific tip, read on: &gt;!You may want to get a prosthetic ability too. There's one to let you attack after using your grappling hook which plays into Oniwa Gyobu's arena and fight.!&lt;
Tap 'Circle' for a thrust counter (mikiri counter) and then try to jump. If it allows you to jump, it was a sweep and you can then double jump for poise damage. If it was a thrust move, you're locked to the ground to perform the counter animation.
It would be easy to weaponize the site with JavaScript utilities and exploits too, I wouldn't risk it, myself.
Forensic chef, lol I have laughed about this a few times today.
You're killing the spirit of this phrase, as one cannot force a horse to drink.
He is here as a hard skill check to make sure you have learned mikiri counter and to punish you if you are still playing this lark Dark Souls and dodging all the time. I found I was stealth killing everyone and not really getting good at combat and died to this guy a bunch. I've stopped it, instead I'm perfect countering everyone now, and especially the spear guys. You need that practice. Try the loaded Axe on him and deflecting his attacks.
Not for me! That guy hid on my fight and only came out at the end of the battle!
Or as an alternative, I like to look at the screen in disbelief while crying.
Jeeze, in my mind I thought they only began doing these smash-us-over-the-head sessions once they passed the original material. Maybe they've done this all along and I never knew to watch those.
That's why I will have to play the game in hiding
I could have bought it if someone, somewhere were wise to it. If we got a scene of a nameless master uncovering the truth about Bran and being locked away in a forgotten dungeon or something in return (or being executed) that would have been at least something to justify it. As it was, I don't think the ending fleshed out enough to make it even acceptable. It basically makes no sense for Bran to have been 'elected' in a one minute scene like that.
Someone mentioned the show the other day and i was kind of amazed. This was a show and story I was so very passionate and excited about and now when I think of it.. I just taste ashes.
There won't be for the foreseeable future, wpf and WinForms both depend on Windows handles, it would be a metric boatload of effort to make it happen. Avalonia is a project trying to do just this.
Why not use bootstrap?
It is actually really easy to recreate these... It's one sql query and a simple Powershell loop. I think I might blog this...
Idk doesn't that checkbox also delete query members too? I've never clicked it before and I'm not sure.
I couldn't quite tell, the line wasn't in the original filming? Or it was said but there wasn't a followup? Could you give me a bit more information about it?
I've had my fill of Lawrence, she's made drained Mistique of her namesake and is a chore to watch on screen.
Should I not be blocking? I feel like I get some hits in, then Geni does his apeshit move and attacks like nine times and then my posture bar is empty. I can do deflects sometimes, but it doesn't seem like the enemy is really open for a counter attack after a deflect most of the time. Genichiro is absolutely destroying me... I'm going hollow
I always read posts like this by these God tier gamers who 'really had a tough time when I died three times to a boss' Meanwhile I feel like I'm the only average souls player who dies three dozen times to every boss in the game. I just expect to die that many times.
Happy to hear I'm not the only one dying two dozen times to a boss!
Thanks, I was kind of embarrassed because I'd forgotten what is said in reply to Thanos comment, and you thankfully included that bit too ☺
Oh thank you for this. I have not enjoyed hitting up to use quick items. Wasn't that Square in Souls before? Hitting up makes me hold the controller in strange ways
Wow I never thought to deflect that huge diagonal slash move he does after deflecting me. Thank you for the advice and consolation. I will try him again today ☺
I was on an exchange trip to Japan back in the early two thousands. With us we had a guy in his twenties who was allowed to join us highschoolers for...some reason, I'm not sure why he was there. He was from Hong Kong and very dismissive and disrespectful of Japanese Culture. So when we went to this very same temple, even after we were warned to not touch the bell by our guides, he climbs up onto the stand and rings the bell HARD. It was a beautiful, loud and deep tone, and of course dozens of people came running out. Peng spoke no Japanese at all (of course) and we got a slightly stern talking to via our guide. It was just one of many faux pauxs he commited on that trip, made me want to avoid him. It was a cool sound but don't do it, skeleton!
If you go to Japan after playing the game, you'll really appreciate the care and detail they put into rendering the environments. Some spots feel just like Nijo-jyo temple in Kyoto, or like the Emperor's palace in Tokyo. Admittedly, the environments in Sekiro are kind of larger than life than their real counterparts. Fortunately I never encountered the Ashina Depths equivalent on my trips to Japan :)
After the files rewrote themselves, I would have been making a new commit with the edited files and backed up off site, maybe on a flash drive This is super clever and I honestly wouldn't trust the system after finding all of the modifications to the compiler. Better to make a new safe build than ever trust a machine with so many levels of compromise.
If you missed the follow up video, it's great too! The audiences love for him and his apparant love for the project are definitely on display! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8T9a9cj3x4
Why did Noone save her?
Ohhh there are fluid suppressors? Now that sounds interesting! How do they work?
I might actually rewatch season eight again.
This 'T' symbol is shorthand for 'mailbox dropoff', it's akin to the ubiquitous blue post office drop boxes you see everywhere in the U.S.A. &amp;#x200B; This is a pretty mail drop-off. I wish I knew where in Shikoku this is, I spent a lot of time in Kochi, on the north-eastern side of Shikoku. Some parts of the island are very remote though so it can take a long time to cross.
Remember the fear of the Broken Neck lady slinking towards you? Fatal Frame lead to me laying awake in bed wondering why I ever played something so scary.
I just wanted to thank you! I tried him tonight and I killed him on my first try! [Here's the video of the kill,](https://twitter.com/FoxDeploy/status/1138277774676901890?s=19) I was so aggressive with him and attacked and parried everything! I can't believe I even did a mikiri countdown on him! Thanks for helping me not go hollow!
You computer or phone connects to a big group of computers to get stuff to watch and play. It's called the internet. How far away the other ones are from you matters, because it takes time for them to send you stuff, like a video on YouTube or a funny picture from Gramgram, just like it takes time to drive to Disney World or GrandPa's house. Places like Youtube want you to see their ads and they don't want you to get bored waiting forever for your video to start, So they make sure their ads and websites and stuff live on computers close to you. But they don't care as much if you have to wait for the video you want to start, so those could live on a computer farther away, so it takes longer to get to you. And that's why it feels like an ad starts playing so fast, because it doesn't have so far to go. Now, if you and a bunch of other people all start watching the same video a bunch, YouTube might move it closer to you, so it plays better.
Change it to something different, like 'Angie's Testicle' before posting.
I love playing as Metroid too on Metroid Prime, she's my favorite! Her and Mary-o.
I feel like this is all I remembered. What was it changed to?
I feel like I've done a bunch, so knowing From Soft I'm probably practically a baby feeling big for climbing out of his crib, thinking he conquered the whole world.
When you kill Genichiro you walk through a doorway in the sparring area and down a staircase to Kuro's room. From here, you can walk to the Shinobi door and return to the dilapidated temple. I'll have to go up to the top of the tower from Ashina Castle again, to see if you can see the outskirts from there again ☺
If you go to the arena where you fight a samurai general right after the first red eyed ogre, you'll see a gate to the right which leads to a small shrine with a warning of 'turn back now, our weapons, they do nothing'. You can use your grapple to jump to a branch, then jump across a gap and then jump and grab to a cliff face which has the yellow markings to let you hang by your hands. From here, you can make your way over to the entrance to this guy. But don't, he's got no head and he wants something in your butt.
Anything to avoid a loading screen.
I run around her until she starts the attack animation, then use the Loaded Axe's double attack for some sweet vitality and posture damage. It used to freak me out, but I love when she does the attack now because it's basically a free hit. It's also a good time to do a jumping Hamonji attack too. Of course her music is too scary so I have to put it on mute or my heartbeats so quickly that I can't move my fingers and I die.
I have a rare genetic condition called cowarditis where I'm completely terrified of every enemy in the game especially if they have spooky music until I killed him for the first time. Take this very real condition and compound that the guy has no head and keeps grabbing my tongue through my bottom and you'll understand my issue.
It's not useless in my opinion, because you can avoid a loading screen taking this path.
American reality telivison has been wallowing a swamp of terrible sound design for the last decade. Between the terrible Foley, [bowed cymbal](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JeahDDyFhWY) and the selection of three feel good tracks every show shares, it's unwatchable.
This game is fucking horseshit, I'm quitting and getting mom to take me to Gamestop to trade it for Roblox,, Genichiro is impossible Edit(12 minutes later) : I have now transcended mortal reaction speeds, this game is brilliance emobided on disk, Miyazaki is a genius.
Attack like cray till you see a bright orange shine of the enemy perfectly deflecting your move. When that happens, they will counter attack. Be ready to parry their move. You generally shouldn't dodge like you do in dark souls, it's all about blocking and deflecting attacks. The goal is to deflect (which fills their posture break Guage) and attack (which fills their posture break Guage) until their posture bar fills and their guard drops letting you do a death blow and kill them.
Just in time for me to save this image like I'm going to do anything different with my life and reach over for my next Doritoes Fat Wrap Supreme taco dipper.
&gt;One time he was talking about a calf he had, and I asked him how big it was. He said it was "about three-quarters as big as a calf." I love that he gave you the size of a particular calf in units of the size of a normal calf.
I have an infinite spring of love for asp.net and PowerShell. Talk about two technologies that make it very easy to do things the right way.
Barron as a surname was the least subtle pseudonym he could possibly have chosen.
I love it but it needs its own name. It's too hard to find material on it. Like how do I write my own plug in for it? How do they get submitted to your store? Since it's kind of reusing the old name I find lots of Edge stuff instead. Like, old Edge not the new one. See what I mean?! It needs a name. Call it Warthog, or Banshee, something Halo themed please.
If you're 54 and falling for scams like this...
!RemindMe! Two days
Just kidding the error report button never actually worked.
Sheese mah kween
Wow, what a helpful image. &gt;To visualize how much ice that is, imagine filling the National Mall in Washington DC with enough ice to reach a point in the sky eight times higher than the Washington Monument (to borrow an analogy Meredith Nettles from Columbia University gave to the Washington Post.)
A sphere that's more than three and a half times the height of the empire State Building (at 442m)... And that big around too?! Just imagine a giant ball that big floating above NYC. Or a fucking cube that's six NYC city blocks long... And wide... And fucking tall. Jesus.
&gt;carbon takes around 50 years to feel its effects fully, so what we are seeing now is what was released 50-30 years ago. I've seen this quoted a lot but never seen a concrete source for it. Do you have one handy? I mentioned it to a friend but couldn't find any good info when I tried researching it myself.
Go explore the whole town, then you'll know the cool places she'd like to go, and it will appeal to her cavewoman desire to be with a natural navigator who knows the ways to good things and foods she would like. Extra bonus if you spot a local fashion item or shop that has a new clothing or jewelry item she would love. She'll always remember the trip when she wears the item.
Now that's what I call Pod racing!
I was until Jon decided to go PvE a bunch of random trash mobs right as Dany was ready to bubble hearth everyone out of there. It was some newb shit and cost them one of their dragons. -20 DKP
What's this all about? Did they pull a Lowes and gut their internal IT? I'm still mad about that. I taught a couple Powershell classes to their staff in the Raleigh office. I made some friends. And then a couple years later they let everyone go from that location. In that town, Lowes was a very big employer...
I'm surprised this is possible to happen. Last I heard target was using register systems made by a well known vendor in this field based in the south east. It features a back of house server, typically. I can't imagine what could take down all of the back of house servers in almost all stores, during production hours If they had Configmgr, there's about two dozen things you could do so this doesn't happen.
I read $22k but I couldn't tell if that was the Spot or the Spot Mini.
LTSC gets monthly security updates but no feature updates. For instance you're not going to get a new dark mode on LTSC, but you do get all of the Security stuff which you should want and should be installing. Yall in this thread taking about crazy ways of disabling Windows update are being risky for no reason. There are huge, huge scary things that get patched every single month. Patch your stuff guys.
&gt;Fully disabled windows update by breaking it beyond the capabilities of it's auto repair function. Baby, wtf is you doing?
Everyone in here bitching about it have just revealed how unsavy they are, in my opinion.
As the administrator, you can review what the updates are going to do to your systems. It's easy to approve updates when you're ready for them to go out. I'm assuming your company approaches their IT infrastructure professionally. If you're deploying Windows Home edition and don't have standardized Group Policy (or even a domain at all) and lack Configmgr then you don't have most of the tooling you need to do this the right way. It's like a mechanic with only $1 store screw drivers and no power drills "because those cost too much". They might be expensive but they're the tools you need to do the job. As an IT Professional your job should be knowing and vetting which tools you need to do your job and seeking approval to get those tools too.
Toss them in Dropbox and then keep a separate copy on your pc too. According to the rule of three, you have to think differently to make sure your files are truly recoverable.. [Here's the article](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/TheComputerBackupRuleOfThree.aspx) but there are items that aren't a backup. &gt;These are NOT backups &gt;Here are some things that are NOT backups. Feel free to tweet or Facebook them to shame educate your family. * Backing up your laptop to an SD Card in the same laptop is #notabackup * Backing up to a hard drive that is 6 inches away from your computer is #notabackup * Backing up your Gmail to another Gmail account is #notabackup * Backing up your book by copying it to another folder is #notabackup * The photos that are still in your camera memory are #notabackup
They were waiting that long to find someone...till you came along :p Just ribbing you a bit, it's ok, these scams are meant to be hard to uncover. I think you probably reocgnize the warning signs now and it's nice of you to share. All of the keywords that you've left here will help prevent other folks for being caught by this clever scam.
Do you have a video from a cars perspective nagibating this road?
All of them man. All of them.
One of the things I love about Costco too, their rotating inventory. It kind of is mildly annoying too. I live in the south east and out winters and fall begin much later in the year and I might still need a short sleeved shirt or some swimming Trunks. But they're all gone come August and replaced with heavy snow gear which will sit on the shelves untouched for three months.
I've started watching Westworld, and let me tell you, their behind the episode could not be more different. You see many more people than just the writers like see in Game of Thrones. The passion and excitement of the writers and producers (and set designers) for Westworld, you can just tell that there is a much more open and friendly atmosphere and ideas are welcome there.
My mom was talking to me a few weeks ago, she said 'you know what, ACO want's us all to drink urine' I had to ask her: Me: Who is ACO? Mom : you know, ACO! Me : No, I don't know Mom : Ocasio Cortez Me: \*it was here that I realized she has heard so much about her on Fox News that she knows the abbreviation for her name, it's like they talk about her and Pelosi just to get viewers riled up. Those names = hate reactions\* Me: I haven't heard anything about that, what are you talking about? So I googled and found that it was definitely fake news and sent her the info and reminded her what she told me when I was getting on the web back in the 90's, we can't believe everything we read online. Anyone who posted anything had a motive for posting it.
What's the audience like there? Would it be cool to bring a smart five year old?
I'm still looking for a good tutorial on getting this setup it seems all I can find when I look at this or hubs is simple and kind of hokey chatroom demos.
Mom brought up the banning of cows. I said 'thats not even in there, it's short you should read it. And would it be bad to eat less cows? To make a plant burger requires 7 percent of the land it takes to make a meat burger. And it's better to eat plant protein than meat protein too. I mean, it still tastes good and if we only ate less meat... ' They were completely aghast. I'm not attacking your way of life. But why should the way of life be so fixated on being wasteful when it comes to electricity or trashing the environment. My dad took me to Scouts growing up. He has literally told me we should leave the trail better than we found it and above all leave no trace. When I brought *that* up, he goes all shocked Pikachu.
Hey that's my mom! I'm happy she exists. But I don't think her generation was raised to expect propaganda to Masquerade as the news. I don't believe fox News should be allowed. The fairness doctrines end seems to mark the rise of propagandist news
!RemindMe! 14 hours
Newbie question, why don't we use a cat scan to measure brain activity?
Farming 👏 fucking 👏 spirit 👏 emblems 👏 If I'm gonna respawn with my life bar and gourds refilled then give me some damn emblems too. That you csn (and will) run out of them when stuck on a boss breaks the flow of learning a bosses moves and getting better, since you have to zip back to Hirata Estates or somewhere to farm tokens. Really annoys me having to go farm tokens. And they go up in cost too! Super sucks.
This is overwhelmingly beautiful. I felt emotional looking at it.
When I killed her, I didn't use the snapseed. There's a definite change in the fight you'll notice and you'll see some adds appear...you can ignore them and just focus on parrying and blowing her posture down. Don't forget that shuriken do great posture damage and stun a jumping foe. And Lady Butterfly does like to jump around a lot.
This game prioritizes aggressive and unrelenting combat. It's not like Bloodborne or Dark Souls. For every new enemy you should watch an enemy and just block their moves until you learn the timing of their strikes. You're doing this so that when they counterattack...you can counter attack them. Generally, attack attack attack until the enemy perfectly deflects your attacks (you'll see an orangish shine affect and here a loud clang). The enemy will counterattack at this point, and because you've learned their timing you can now try to parry. Tap block right as an attack is going to land and you'll deflect. Sometimes you'll get a perfect deflect and totally throw them off guard and you can counterattack. Each deflection you land bumps up their posture bar. When their bar is full, you can get a deathblow. You don't have to empty their health bar. Just get their posture bar full and go for the deathblow. This is how to play Sekiro.
There's a prosthetic art ability you should unlock. It allows an immediate attack after using the grappling hook. If you let Oniwa Gyobu (guy on the Horse) run past you, his horse's saddle looks like you might be able to lasso with your grappling hook. That would definitely surprise him. On the approach to this boss (assuming you found the Sculptor's idol near the destroyed courtyard where you'll find a big crying sumo warrior...) you'll see a soldier away from the others, crying over the death of his horse. If you eavesdrop from him...he'll mention something that spooks horses. Gyobu rides a horse... Merchants sell items which can be given to the Sculptor back at the Dillapidated Shrine. One of them, the Crow Memorial Mob, has one of these items for 500 sen. Buy that and give it to the sculptor. With these two pieces you can kill the boss.
Thanks for that great response. I've played every souls game but Bloodbourne and loved them all. And I totally suck ass. Lots of folks claim to be able to parry everything but I consider myself to just be a normal person who dies to everything. My only brag moment is that I killed the Gun Fort Snakeeyes lady on my first try. I used Ichimonji Double, Sabimaru and Firecrackers and nuked her first try somehow. This was after dying to the poison lake lady (honestly, the camera there...and the camera for Orin! That damn weeping willow tree killed me by blocking my view more than once!) When I finally killed Orin, I had died so many times I'd internalized her attack pattern and could parry even when the tree got in the way.
I'm going to kill the Guardian Ape tonight. I have got him within two or three hits of true death, and left to go clear Mount Senpou, and get some upgrades (my attack and vitality have both increased since my last attempt at him). I'm about to unlock the upgrade to get a counterattack after using the umbrella, which I think will be good as I spend a lot of time hanging out under my umbrella just waiting for him to calm down a bit. Tonight's his night (he says with assurance, guaranteeing his failure)
I know this isn't you in the video, but buddy here should definitely check and see if the freaking kid is OK
I'm sure this is true, or maybe only the most hardcore of gamers come to this subreddit and you all have the twitch instincts of gods. I just cannot fathom beating a Souls game final boss in thirty minutes.
Why not use a torrent box service and just download files from there? It seems that the hundreds of connection streams of torrenting over Wi-Fi would be a great way to blow through your battery.
Yes it does. I beat the ape this week and that's the only umbrella I had.
I killed the ape! Thanks for the encouragement! On the attempt when I beat him, I didn't take a single hit. I guess I really did git gud. Time to forget everything again when I go to fight the next boss!
It can be used to strip armor from : * [Shigekichi of the Red Guard](https://sekiroshadowsdietwice.wiki.fextralife.com/Shigekichi+of+the+Red+Guard) (story spoiler in link, late game) - one of the huge sumo / samurai like minibosses who wear armor * [Armored Taro Troopers -](https://sekiroshadowsdietwice.wiki.fextralife.com/Taro+Troop+(Bell)) the fat, sometimes armored guys who carry the Japanese steel bat or bell weapons Here's two examples in this video: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?time\_continue=131&amp;v=8bANAjANY\_k](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=131&amp;v=8bANAjANY_k)
I'm getting ready to navigate to ios. At least they still give a shit, ya know.
I find their os kind of annoying and weird, but at the same time, I feel like Google is profiting on me so much.
I mean... Will it really? Maybe if the show ended with a huge bang and was universally loved, I could see it happening. For me, I've not found myself wanting to wear any Game of Thrones shirts or anything. I've never felt like this after a show or movie or whatever ended before. And I don't like it.
OK I can agree with this. I still wear my Hot PIE apron (and only that) when I cook at barbecues.
This is almost intentionally unattractive. It's avant-garde
Why is everything so undiscoverable in Apple products? Coming from PCs and Android, where I feel I've been gradually shown tips on navigating and doing things in the OS, in Apple stuff it's like : &gt;well fuck off if you can't figure it out It's all weirdly skeumorphic too. Dragging a thumb drive to the garbage to unmount it? What? (spoilers I have been away from OSX for a long time but remember being so frustrated with things like this)
So evil but also so hot and mean. Curves *and* super disappointed in me? Sign me up.
They're a stellar setup for the price. If you're an audio engineer or something, spend some more dough. I've had them for years and they are wonderful.
I love it, it looks nice and professional. I don't like the DnD stat sheet approach to depicting your skill levels though, and would generally echo what others have said. I actually want to restate in fact that I am charmed by and love the graphic at the top of your page. I dunno the benefit of having multiple graphics though, most folks would only visit your portfolio once. IDK what's going on with your list of projects fading off half way through the list. I'm on desktop, maybe it looks different on mobile? It wouldn't scroll for me when I tried scrolling on it.
This would be pretty safe, care to poke holes in it? * Machine A generates backups, has a mapped drive / FTP / SMB connection to a directory on machine B * Machine A and B on separate domains, no trust other a credential limited to writing new items (no modify) in the directory above * Machine B has a Script / Service / Trigger to automatically copy backup content to local tape array when new files appear in the share I've been puzzling about this for a bit, this seems pretty cryptolocker resistant, and convenient. Most of the benefits of air-gapping.
Thanks for sharing. What are the specs like on this model?
It was so embarassing to miss the deathblow. Then turn the wrong way and attack. Then get my face smashed into the fence and die of fire chip damage. I laughed out loud.
He was a fight that forced me to understand that I didn't understand the combat system of the game. I prohibited myself from doing Stealth kills anymore, or relying on Prosthetic skills. It took Genichiro to confront me with the fact that I **still** really didn't get the combat. Once you learn to deflect and keep pressure on enemies, and what to do when they have a perilous thrust (Mikiri Counter) and Perilous Sweep (bounce on their head like Mario and do the two-swipe follow up sword attack), then you're really playing Sekiro. If you exhaust every enemies vitality, you're doing it wrong. You should be aggressively attacking till they parry you with a bright orange parry, then be ready to tap block right as they attack you back till you get a perfect deflection or two and start your own counterattack back.
This is the sort of thing the share button is made for. Share your suck here!
Like a potato sized shoe or are we taking Shaq sizes potatoes.
According to the article they brought the kids in and out of the processing place (where they were going to be reunited with their parents) but had to take them back out to multiple vans to sleep on, because the place was about to close for the night. The headline is misleading and makes it sound like kids spent nearly 40 hours in a turned off car in a parking lot. None of this should be happening at all but this title is shamefully misleading.
These comments were so bad that it has made me wonder what crap I've been spouting out only reading headlines and comments here for years...
All of us are laid low by something on our journey. Dying 15 times to the flaming bull is normal, right? Right?!
I've got a lot of questions here: * first of all how dare you not submit a video of this
I was in your same boat. My process to beat him was watching some 'no-hit' videos of people taking him down. LIstening to them without my heart pounding let me learn the swing timing so I could get perfect deflections. &amp;#x200B; It also pointed out to me that I was being very, very timid with him. After that, I took him down in my next set of attempts.
I am planning to go play BloodBourne after this (I played the full souls series but only now have my own Playstation for Bloodbourne). I'm afraid Bloodbourne will feel too unsophisticated after how visceral and fun Sekiro has been.
I'm seeing that the come and take it stickers are on the cars of dudes who are.. Uh... Pretty extreme. Is it a dog whistle too?
It would be some interesting data to scrape for the number of average daily posters there, last week through this week. I wonder how much it will drop.
I skipped it, and I think a lot of people did too, because we've just had *soooo* many Spiderman movies. I found that I missed a cool movie though! It was such a breath of fresh air, and very imaginative.
I love that the Okami warriors later share a lot of the same moves. They use floating passage, and can also do lightning strikes. &amp;#x200B; I wonder if Tomoe was an Okami warrior.
I used to wear a long Keychain lanyard on my neck, back when that was the cool thing to do in the early 2000's. I went to a fair and rode on [The Zipper](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zipper_(ride\)). During the ride my keys flew up, got stuck in the wire mesh in front of me and repeatedly bashed my face into the fencing. It threw my glasses off quite a bit aways and left me with a bloody nose and scrapes all over my face But then I consider that it could have gotten stuck on the metal body of the ride itself.... I got off lucky.
When's Jasnah gonna start turning to smoke then? Maybe she already is? And what the heck is being hidden on that island that the Soul Caster lady died on?
We learned so little from this lesson of history that we were forced to repeat it almost step by step decade's later. In Afghanistan - CIA operatives train Afghan soldiers to resist USSR incursion. They end up being well trained and armed and form the foundation of the Taliban. I wonder who our next proxy war will be with.
Being patriotic is blindly worshiping the flag and responding hatefully to any suggestions that we might be able to improve the country in some way.
Two different levels of forcefulness: Base Word - yameru - to stop To be stopping - yametteiru (lit. existing alive in the state of stopping) To Make Someone Stop - yamesaseru To be able to stop - yamerareru To request to stop - yamette kudasai To request to stop more forcefully- yame nasai To tell to stop - yamette To Order to stop - yamero Here's one of my favorite conjugations To have been unable to force someone to stop - yamesaserarenakatta If i wasn't able to have forced someone to not have eaten - taberaresasenakereba ⁂my japanese teacher told me that some of these are exceptionally awkard sounding to conjugate like that, so people would probably find an easier way of saying it. Like you don't often see it written `he couldn't've` or `he would've`, even though you could lexically string those contractions together.
It's always kind of interesting when I delete one tiny two meter chunk of land and suddenly see a wave of water about the size of a car spike up to maximum height on the map. Like, how could the game possibly be written that this happens? Or god forbid you delete a dam in a city, lol.
My man. I find the one single instance when anyone tried to make one very disheartening too. [One was built as an experiment in Spain in the 80's,](https://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/energy/2014/04/140416-solar-updraft-towers-convert-hot-air-to-energy/) but they used poor quality materials for the supports and bolts and it fell over in a windstorm :( It seems that if these were built today (like the 200MW one proposed for Australia) we could cover the whole thing in solar panels as well and double dip our energy!
Idk, police say yamenasai and it is very serious business. To me that's more imperative than yamette
Such a miserable display....
Why are they going to comicon? Is Disney forcing them?
If I see one more post with a picture of just magic bands that gets 3738326 up votes I'm gonna hurl.
If this sub could be only comments like this, it would be saved
What was it like? I went as a kid but I barely remember it. What would someone visiting the park thirty years ago, and then again this week, really be shocked by. What are the most notable changes and trends you've seen in the park over the years?
If it's ancient and critical it probably has a serial interface to some ancient piece of equipment which makes them lots of money. All of the easy stuff to P2v was already done in the previous decade.
Feels like this a forward from grandma with this Thor meme at the bottom. I've seen it so many times it may as well be a banner ad, my brain automatically filters it out.
Phase two tip : parry his moves and if he falls over use the spear on him!
That line should have been said by either Phallus or Creed, but not Stanley. Also maybe Ryan.
Describe the tool function and its business use, like &gt;Mvc app in aspnet which had a form to launch an automation process in Powershell, the pages also featured real time Ajax validation using microservices written in dot net core. The project took x months and we worked with the business owner to maximize value in an agile delivery process of rapid prototyping and uat.
They add complexity with no explanation to try to confuse gullible people who are, potentially accustomed to bluffing when confronted by situations which confuse them. How could this possibly work? They can 'add a zero' and it's no big deal? Why would they even need you? They'd just get a second phone and make a second account and do the whole process on their own.
You can always try the butt slugs
Which all use only the most obnoxious dated meme formats &gt;no one : &gt;absolutely no one : &gt;seriously no one ; you should post this video &gt;you : posts this video
A cookie is just a text file that your web app can natively use that's stored on the end users computer. When a user visits your site, you chose to check and see if they already have a cookie for your domain and if so you can use the values in it, or delete them, modify them, whatever. It's going to be specific to the currently logged on user. Each user on the pc has their own temp data folder where cookies are stored. This is why a cookie is specific to a *given user on a given machine*.
To also make wild guesses, Assuming life evolved on their planet too then they would have the same kinds of organisms, but different. There'd be monocellular creatures, prokaryotes and the full gamut of life we have here. But they may not be compatible with our physiology. Until they are and we could experience a black plague as we did before.
One of the best boss themes *ever*. I want more boss themes like this and less pure nightmare horror scores like we tend to get in in FromSoft games.
Holy shit this is some terrifying colossus behemoth shit here. When you shot that ***massive*** robot and it turned I was feeling dread. When it lit up with those awesome lasers... Holy smokes man this looks great!
It should be a super slimmed down hypervisor ready to kernel panic, and heavily encrypted. Then I would have a bunch of VMs all heavily encrypted too.
Any hardware virtualization like HyperV or other alternatives is going to require SME or an equivalent. Secure memory encryption would mean your vm guests are all encrypted and the key is stored in the OS memory.
Is that code on github? I'm curious how it worked ☺
We are truly living in the beginning of Idiocracy
BRB, rereading Discworld
&gt;you will probably have to supplement I think we should just lay this expectation out now. You will always, always be supplementing in programming. It's a field of constant learning.
We've got to amend the constitution. If the country makes it into a more sane set of representatives come November, that doc has got to be amended. I'm not sure I have ideas of what to do but this is *not working.*
I thought the fan was shooting him and he was yelling 2001 as a nonsequitir. I completely went off the reservation trying to understand this
Term limits in the senate could be a good idea too, along with mandating representation be updated in the House. Kind of insane how long it's been since more representatives were added.
I want to read this book. Make it like The Thing but add that somehow a foreign entity is able to compromise humans at a young age (only no one is certain *how old* the entity is able to compromise). The story would have them frantically trying to determine the entry point allowing for compromise of children at random, as the entity gather more information to further its plans. Scientists would scramble to determine how it is happening, how the info is being offloaded (maybe mysterious radio transmissions from the compromised), wondering if it is something in vaccines, or medical implants. It seems like the pieces are there for a good story.
I basically sweated myself into a hangover
Probably 28 or so, it was before the alcohocaplypse.
How does one get the Root Isz chalice? IMHO this system is so weird in the game. Nothing ever sends you to the chalice, the requirements to enter are weird. Probably the weirdest game element from FormSoft IMHO
The Diagram and just murdering people to get glimpses of the future were both very cool story ideas. I loved the tests to see if the ruler was exceptionally brilliant or dumber than normal.
Dumb question but what creates glaciers? Are they beneficial to have in any way? Would it be a bad idea to try to create some by pumping water to a cold area (I know these are probably very dumb questions)
Turn the wheel to rotate your character, press gas to move forward, breaks to move backwards, turn the AC fan to select weapons and fire by honking your horn!
But with hwangrang you can go in flamingo and switch the stances back and forth and play mind games. And you have that awesome throw where he breaks their neck. Hwangwang is the mang
It's sort of being miss-characterized a bit here. He was arrested for different charges unrelated to the robbery of Robert Aitken's apartment and safe. &gt;Hahn was arrested April 8, 2005, on a warrant for unrelated crimes. Barring a plea deal, he will soon face trial on 12 counts of first-degree burglary, possession of stolen property and grand theft. &gt;But none of Hahn's current charges is for stealing the safe. Police didn't even know whether he was the person who tipped them off to Aitken. &gt;Until they arrested him, and he said: "I gave you Robbie Aitken." It's unclear whether Hahn might receive some leniency for turning over the memory stick.
I thought I read that Vince and Trump are both weirdly into trying to have sex with their friends wives.
They'll hide your wallet? What do they think, that you'll be smuggling baggies of wine out in your billfold?
Stop being such a fucking asshole, plenty of us don't like to swear, you dick.
I walk in the living room and my wife lights up and says 'see ya!' then whips out her art supplies and starts painting and shit. Kids get to see mom express her interests and even get to help (to a degree) and they get daddy's full attention. Sometimes I even play my own games or do side programming work too. I think it's good for kids to see their parents perusing their interests too.
I know of some folks who don't do this and have a classic expectation that the kids will be quiet and well mannered and the wife will be in makeup and an apron with a pot roast on the table at 5:30 every night. I'm like '*bro what decade do you think this is?* People think commercials from the 50s and nostalgia is how it really was. Then these dudes wanna go do mma class and hit the gym for two hours three days a week in the evenings and wonder why their wives are exhausted and they can't get any physical attention. Our wives and husband's are people. Seek to check off items on their list of needs instead of reviewing to see which of yours have been checked recently.
If we fail to manage it, it's not our kids fault we stayed up till three am getting our asses beat by Manus or the Orphan of Kos. In ten years, looking back, which will be more important? That we beat that boss or that we practiced self care and were well rested enough to be calm, sweet and nurturing to our children? This thought has me putting down the controller at 11:00 or just not playing at all to spend time asking my wife how her day was and if she wants to go for coffee with her girlfriend this weekend.
I think my wife pavlovian conditioned me by being extra sweet and receptive any time I fumbled into acting like this. After years of leading me by treats and booty, here I am accidentally being kind of decent (against my own best wishes)
Thanks! I would have put this in a 'Daily questions thread' thread, but I didn't see one. I'll delete this now that I have the answer :)
Number two is diplomacy. They could have hit those barracks intentionally and caused a lot of loss of lives, and then the US would have been forced to respond, which would directly lead to a dangerous war. Now number three and on, I cannot dispute.
Holy shit that's so much easier than running win 10 iot, as I assumed you were doing
You're saying that corn or apples, which grow above ground, can be safely fertilized with basically sewage but ground based ones like maybe a cabbage or carrots etc requires fancier fertilizer which has been sterilized? Interesting I wonder if the cheap cow manure you buy at home depot is sterilized first.
The host has a dreamy voice for sure. That video really has me craving some Carolina BBQ and mustard sauce
I read that he had no family at all, which is why he did it.
Lmao that is like the worst possible way to convey music around. Next it will be a YouTube video of someone showing a PowerPoint slide show where they opened an mp3 in notepad and took screenshots of the code. Listening to YouTube vids of a phone held up to a speaker is seriously one of the dumber things I've heard of and this from a guy who caught his toaster on fire yesterday
Yeah, definitely cool to maybe kill someone because they spat on you /s
Of course, it's one of the most offensive things you can do to anyone. But should you maybe kill someone over it? I'd say no. It's hard to control what happens when you slam someone and spam R2s in their face.
I'm willing to respect your opinion but also disagree with it.
What was falling out of it? I imagine it would have to be raw materials, maybe flour?
What would coring equipment be? Heavy drill bits to drill 2" circles through flooring?
I made a taco then realized I forgot to toast the shell in the oven. So my dumbass stuck the loaded shell into the toaster and then boof This thing took off like a firelog
Yes I should have done this instead of burning my microwave to the ground
I love his accent, so charming
They probably just drop ship very low quality, binned (As in rejected by quality control and put into the reject bin) goods, probably with counterfeit labels too.
\*\*NEVER FUCKING BUY ANYTHING\*\*
You were like 40 feet too far for this to possibly work.
Cuz it's probably some shitty escape room type deal where if you don't solve the puzzle exactly as they planned on you doing it, it doesn't count.
He's one million percent an Anne Rice vampire. Actually kind of a Masquerade vampire too
They don't make depressions because they have expansive root networks pushing aside soil and absorbing minerals from the earth. 99 percent of their mass being absorbed carbon is not correct.
My brother asked my mom If he could have a sword and she said no and she told me not to buy a sword for him because he can't handle it safely. So I immediately bought a cheap 20 dollar sword fro him from eBay that same day. It came in the mail and I give it to him. He opened the box and his eyes lit up when he saw I got him the Master Sword he wanted. He then drew the blade and thrust it right at me and stabbed me right between my middle and pointer fingers, right in the meat of my hand between them. Turns out mom was right.
Lol dude you don't need taste buds to detect the cool sensation of menthol or pepperoni
I have been schooled, I am really surprised to learn all of this. I remembered reading that living trees are composed significantly of water and also of oxygen, but I didn't know that carbon was responsible for so much of the mass. &gt;"Dry (moisture-free) wood is about 48-50% carbon, 38-42% oxygen, 6-7% hydrogen and a number of other elements, such as nitrogen and sulfur in very small percentages. These percentages are based on the weight of the elements as a percentage of dry wood mass. &gt;Living trees, however, are very wet. In fact, although there can be great variation between tree species (and seasonally), a living tree may be made up of more than two thirds water by mass. Thus, a living tree is made up of 15-18% carbon, 9-10% hydrogen, and 65-75% oxygen by mass." https://web.extension.illinois.edu/askextension/thisQuestion.cfm?ThreadID=19549&amp;catID=192&amp;AskSiteID=87
This is the second post about this game that I've seen with comments of questionable authenticity
The giant house robot was scary and really cool.
I knew my friends were coming over so I put the N64 on my room on the goldeneye screen and spent like ten minutes posing my power rangers and my coolest x-men
My dumbass didn't notice the painted section below, I was trying to tell if the area directly behind the numbers were slightly different somehow
What's fadc?
Wow this is so affordable. I was certain it would be much more expensive! I'm thinking about going just to attend and watch the gameplay and maybe have some fun in the community rooms (I suck ass)
Get a close look and get a model number.
Why does it create lightning? Because there are lots of little particles flying around into the air and bumping into each other building up static charge until the potential reaches a tipping point and BOOM, lightning.
He approved it so that he could then dangle the aid until he put pressure on Ukraine to get what he wanted.
Sure you can look and see the exact balance of every account with bitcoin, and see when they got that amount. It's just like looking at a bank account statement, only you won't see business names as the source or destination of a transaction Instead you see which address they sent what amount of bitcoin to, and on what date Some crypto currency obfuscate this info or do these transactions and have other features too, like ethereum smart contracts.
I did this in college and a friend of mine mentioned to me 'I saw you but didn't say hello because I was so embarrassed for you' I felt miffed but then realized I was really having fun and didn't need to care about his opinion of me.
I didn't remember that quote, oh well nuke me to oblivion if need be.
At least Corrin plays really interestingly. And fire Emblem has these cool giant knights, or even Pegasus Knights. Frankly there are lots of cool units in the game, why keep giving us the boring blue haired anime bros (but for real I would love super sayan blue Goku tho)
Reminds me of some of Googles newer offices
Lol block chain video editing would be the slowest and most inefficient way ever to process video. Waiting till someone solves the hash of the next compressed bit... Lmao
Could you share a screenshot of what it looks like?
Install LAPS, local admin password service. It's a great traversal prevention product from Microsoft. Someone else said 'make a secondary account which is an admin on all devices'. This is an old idea but functionally unsafe. If one cred has admin rights on all machines, it's effectively a domain admin. That really opens you up to a cryptolocker nightmare, just takes one person getting a virus, getting mimikatzed and then that cred is used to spread through the full domain. So don't follow their advice. Deploy software using something like Configmgr or Dell Kace if you don't have or can't get Configmgr. Deploying software is 95 percent of the reason users would need local admin but terribly exposes your network.
Big risk of them trying to log on with it, or log onto a shared server / computer with it and opening that to mimikatz attack. A local admin account should have zero network access rights and and be locked to one machine only. But I'd rather it not exist by removing the need by deploying software in a controller manner. In my experience software deployment is the majority of why someone needs admin rights but it's too risky to give them those perms.
People don't need admin perms to install printers or any device for that matter. You can deploy a gpo flagging certain classes of devices for install without a user having admin rights. This let's the average standard user install certain kinds of hardware and can remove 99% of call volume for this sort of thing. https://theitbros.com/allow-non-admins-install-printer-drivers-via-gpo/ But I otherwise totally agree with your approach. Determine why someone needs admin rights today and give them an equal or better alternative and then you make your domain safer and have happy, capable users and get to improve your mastery.
He is hard but fair. Everything is fair in Sekiro.
I feel like Maria was aggressive but had more predictable moves. Orphan is so erratic!
You have to solve the problem of how to get the big raw video to the clients. And there would be a ton of data throughput costs to worry about. How do you ensure the video produced is the right settings too? Final problem is difficulty, how can you make the difficulty scalable as more and more devices enter the network? Scalable difficulties is an important piece to prevent takeover of the network (and if someone has 51 percent of the compute power they can manipulate transactions)
I stayed at a Radisson Red and lawd I don't know what the hell is going on there. it had a freaking locker like form a locker room in the bedroom, with a chalkboard and a hard floor. The bathroom had a million words on the wall like a freaking word search and while brushing my teeth I found the word 'shit fart' in the reflection. 4/5 best hotel rooms I have stayed in
They are pet friendly, which is neat. I stayed at one that had a nespresso machine in the room which was also nice. It was a really funky and fun place to stay, way more fun than a doubleTree (I am now thinking of their cookies though)
I returned a box of Game of Thrones socks I got for Christmas. I'm very happy I didn't buy the ugly Christmas sweater last year either.
*Kenshin gets a new sword scene*
Swap it for one that says 50.0 DL instead. Or go crazy and put 500 CL
I really liked it! The set design reminded me a bit of ASMR Latte, while the rambling stories and world building reminded me of Goodnight Moon. Subscribed! BTW the tinyUrl link doesn't work in the support me links.
They just oxidize. Take one, open it up and dampen it then put it out for an hour or so. It will magically have absorbed toxins without even making contact! /s
Really respect what these dudes are doing here.
*presents her generous cleavage while whispering to her pillow friend*
Szeth son son vathos turthless of shinovar: frist of all how dare yuo u
&gt;now we've been married for three years and accounting-dad and accounting-mom are like family
Wow, that looks awesome! Great work, I love the messenger on her shoulder
Meanwhile I'm in awe of the adaptive contrast of the on screen display, changing from black and white to always be legible. Amazing.
That's my shit
Watch the movie the clip is from, Hiyao Miyazaki's *Whispers of the Heart* It's my favorite Ghibli film!
Here's the video, it was Madison on the 'my most painful build...' video. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=M8NFhjj0bUk
I respect him needing to make a change. Over the last few years, my favorite videos of his has been where he really had some interesting insight and you could see he enjoyed the episode, like : Intel - I have some things to say https://youtu.be/TWFzWRoVNnE I had given up on Ryzen, until today - https://youtu.be/z3aEv3EzMyQ Really I love when he shows his deep knowledge on cpu architecture and does so in an interesting way. Good for him for keeping his family front of mind.
These gifs were mesmerizing. I just let them play through three or four times in a row... Awesome post and way better than a 74 image album
Here's the Tekken 7 streams from Evo 2020 Japan if anyone else wants to watch :) [https://www.twitch.tv/videos/540938661](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/540938661)
This Developers Life was a really wonderful introspective, sad sort of podcast by Scott Hanselman and Rob Conery. Imagine This American Life but for dev topics. I also highly recommend Darknet Diaries and Hackable as well as Dotnet Rocks. Weekly Dev Tips is also great and of course Coding Blocks. I also like I Am Tim Currys stuff on YouTube!
Them lines are so crispy, my etching lines always seem to darken the surrounding areas too.
Or they could store just those characters separately and salted. Just three chars is nothing. But why even do this? If people are doing good password sanitary practices then it is a pain to count out x digits of the password Frankly I think it's a bad practice unless there is a great benefit to it
I love his smile after the big upset against (Nomura maybe?) from Evo 2018. I think the video is title 'Majin is crazy' on YouTube.
I watched the steam form day 1, not many there but I heard it was bonkers for day 2.
I'm gonna make this into so many automation themed blog post header graphics
I absolutely loathe this movement to shove internet history behind pay walls. Great and amazing stuff like the full back catalog of Skeptoid and a bunch of A list podcasts are just *gone* from the raw web now. It sucks and it sets us up to permanently lose valuable content.
Still using 'nobody:', oh man.
Tournament sponsors have tremendous control over what happens in the tournament. Namco might have pulled their sponsorship had their newest dlc character been prohibited from the lineup. Most conferences and events have a razor thin margin between losing money and being profitable (heck the prize pool for the winner was only $9k, and if big players still have to cover their own travel, then the prize money starts looking to be less and less...). The loss of a sponsor could have sunk the event.
Most viruses that evolved alongside humans have developed to keep the host alive as long as possible to keep growing and spreading. This is why we get sick but don't die. Some do kill their host and they're always a big deal. A fresh virus like this could evolve very quickly and become fatal and spread as easily as a cold. This has happened before and we still remember the names of those viruses. The Black Death was an animal borne virus that spread to humans, it had a 90% death rate within ten days.
Sure, I agree with that, but also think it's important to know why people are generally concerned about animal borne diseases.
Lol I watching it on mute and thought 'this would go so well with Celine Dion' Unmuted it and felt totally in tune with the state of memes today
If I use the shameful L1 assists for harder to input button strings, (not the combos, but L1 + 2 for instance) in online play, can the opponent see my menu and thus know that I'm a total scrub?
In my ignoble defense... I might use it for Akuma for his launcher but I then do a regular combo when he is up in the air! I'm not holding L1 all day lol
During Sars in Japan they had infrared screens you had to walk past on your way into the country for customs.
I have this same cat tree and it's a complete piece of shit. It falls to pieces so easily. It's like the plastics were intentionally chosen to break under the average fat ass cat jumping on and off of it dozens of times a day
Also need a link please
The air quality in these towns in the video is worse than I've ever seen in my life in the States.
Don't worry, if you're on their Wi-Fi they can only see which sites you visit, not what pages. So if you Googled, 'employers in my area ' and ended up on Google.com/query=emoloyers_in_my_area They could only see a bunch of hits to Google.com and now *which sites or info you sent*. That means they can't sniff your username and password for the super majority of sites, which all use https (and have the lock icon). But if you were on singleAndReadyToMingle.com or something even spicier, the domain name still shows up in the logs. The only way they could get specific site info is if you had to accept a root certificate, which is very out of the ordinary and you would remember it.
I think your username must be involved here because those had horrible reviews!
Hey I've been here! I ran out of food and was being harried by aggressive salaryman deer, one jumped up and flashed its hoofs at me and then got its hoof stuck in my front pocket of my jeans! It *tugged* down and ripped my pants wide open. I had to hide in the bathroom while my friend bought another pair of pants for me, and all the while I could hear the other folks laughing at this red haired gaijin who was depanted by an surly shika
/u/userleansbot /u/1redone
It does, thanks.
What's funny about this? The lunacy and fixation coming out of the defendant just sounds like a person with a mental health condition not being treated. Is he capable of violence and should be held accountable for his actions? Sure, but the person presenting to the court that day couldn't advocate for themselves.
We blame him now and have been for months, because it's his appointments and direct, counter science methods that lead to this being so bad.
That is very cool. Where'd you learn about the evolution of attributed of God? If it was a book, link it please ☺
Aw man, that totally sucks bro or gal, I am sorry to hear it. I understand digging deep into stuff to let half of your brain relax and fixate on something else. It's healthy, but so is wrapping up in a nice blanket and listening to 'In the Arms of an angel' to help your body get some tears out. I remember one time a family member died and I was just not dealing with it. Then I was in a Kroger in line to check out and listening to the tinny 'Cat and the cradle and the silverspoon' playing over the PA system. It began as a small trickle then I just couldn't hold it back and ran out to my car, abandoning my cart. I still wonder what people thought, seeing me run off to my car. Did they think I was ugly crying because pickles were now $2 for five in the produce section?
How do you turn off comments or whatever on tiktok? I feel out of touch, lol
Oh God I just posted it on Facebook and didn't notice that part!
When he eventually gets a presidential burial, and is unable to say anything, my dad will look over, wiping his eyes with an American flag and say 'see, he can be Presidential, I told you son'.
Once when I was a kid I came home from school and walked up the stairs to hear a weird noise coming from the wall nest the front foot. The siding was popping out in one small spot! I grabbed a stick and poked back and a quarter sized chunk of the siding fell inside the house and about four quadrillion of those things came out of the wall! They walked in a line out of the house and flew all over the place in the yard and then a billion birds flew in and ate them all. It was very surreal and when I told my parents who got home much later, my dad had no idea what ti believe. Then he got a look at the rafters. Then we had no Christmas gifts that year.
This comment section is full of racist dicks.
Fortunately my church is really diverse and so this is falling pretty flat there but I know some folks who go to my church, and really need to actually listen to something there from time to time, who will stupidly eat it up.
The white house is much smaller and yellower than they show it on TV. Huh /r/til
Home Depot should have a sports bar area with a one drink minimum. Such a missed opportunity.
Classic con-hobos. People go to conventions with no cash and have money for tickets and maybe some food and stuff from the dealers hall, but no cash for a hotel room. So there are people just laying all over the place, hoping to mooch hotel rooms off of people, and if not, will be found near wall outlets in groups charging phones and sharing memes.
There are real people like this. I worked with one. He was shit at his job too and blamed the help desk for losing his files or a number of ridiculous things. We had an idea and went with his manager for lunch once. We asked how work was going and if there had been any delays we could help with. The manager mentioned our network changes were causing huge issue for this asshooe I mentioned. I asked how he quantified it and we found there was a list of milestone dates that files should be sent for review by a third party. We asked to have a copy of the date list and then ran a report of call volume and help desk tickets. Turns out the asshole had something like ten times more calls than the average person on his team, and tons of repeat offenses for the same issues, which were often made up issues. And these always were just a few days before a core deliverable was due. We put all of this into a knockout report and just waited for this guy to get canned...which of course didn't happen because this was a semi-regulatory firm staffed entirely by the good ol boys network and someone owed this crook a favor. Gods, I was naieve then.
Seemed like a good dude, always rolled up his silverware extra tight, which i respect.
Some account this guy had already sent money to his other account,because it's a scam and they're trying to confidence you into sending money because 'other people are doing it'. If you look [at this site](https://www.bitcointracker.co)you can start with the same \`1SpaceMrz...\` wallet and see the money going back and forth into the same wallets. The \`1SpaceMrz\` seems to aggregate money, and then ships it off to the \` [https://bitref.com/1Spacez6meha8ryFfZnLF2jgHEnaMgCKi](https://bitref.com/1Spacez6meha8ryFfZnLF2jgHEnaMgCKi)\` wallet. But if you trace back the last few days you see a lot of accounts were funded on 6/02 to use as base accounts for this scam.
What if we sanded the skies with a flocculent to make the ash drop out? I'm interested in technology that could assist a tremendous ashfall. On the plus side, it would be like living in MistBorn Edit : found this interesting site from the Volcano Ashfall Mitigation Working group, very interestingky they call for flocculents for dealing with water contamination, but not agriculture. https://volcanoes.usgs.gov/volcanic_ash/agriculture.html
Wow this sounds fantastic. Good on you, sounds like you're actually making wow fun to play.
Hit me up if you want help. The first thing cane always be hard but once you learn how to break things down, it becomes easy and fun.
I wrote a report when I was in fourth grade and didn't really understand that they needed to be based on true facts and research So my report was about Rare Tornado Types. Some of these included : * frogonado - often groups of frogs will congregate to sing frog concerts in the rain. If a water spout goes near them they will be sucked inside which makes their singing much louder and throws frogs all around. This is why there are frogs in the garden after the rain. * snownado - if there is fresh snow, you will see a white tornado, but it's hard to see. This is what blizzards really are, just lots of snownados. And of course, the most dangerous of rare volcano - the volcanado. My teacher gave me a pass for some reason! Later she explained that I should have had an F for making this all up.
My Japanese isn't good enough to correct you but I think the first clause sounds weird. I think it should be something like, while at the time I was in Japanese high school class I received a D 私は日本語のクラスでD成績を受け取りましたが。。。
That's really interesting, I never thought to wonder how blizzard programs and handles testing (in the software design sense) their instances. It would make a lot of sense that they have some player bots they deploy to run through instances, probably with various skill percentage variables they can set. Or maybe it's all player testing. I'd be curious to see how they do it.
I maintain that Cafe Beignet, just a five minute walk from Cafe Du Mond, is much much better
Who is the person one on the left? I thought she kind of looked like Rachel Plaza.
Hello Friend I am definitely locate near you in \`${CITY\_NAME}\` and have LARGE QUANTITY of \`${PET.TYPE}\`
All I have now are more questions
Ugh I wish I had done this before having insulation blown in.
I have nothing in my life that depends on notifications from my web browser. I actually became so annoyed by them I disabled them in my browser. What's a use case for them that you like?
Plant Vogtle in Georgia is in development hell, something like ten years and billions over budget. Maybe it will someday actually be finished.
Thanks, /r/crappyDesign mod
Do doggoes get very thirsty while panting? Poor puppers.
I just want to say I love when artists lay their markers or pencils down on the page, or show their reference colors like this. It's just so cool.
People who have never done interesting ever in their lives make up stories like this.
I would have been interested to see any of the following items: * Graphs of hits over time * Graphs or metrics for CPU Hits * Anything about what happened to his DB logging seven million hits. A small throwaway site could have issues even ingesting that many hits. * Basically anything substantive. Let me summarize what the article, actually gives us: \&gt;Here's four sentences and nothing useful or interesting.
Anyone know where I could get a bootleg Sonic plush? I've heard Mexico has a lot of interesting plush, including Scourge. I don't know why, but my daughter is crazy for him (she's six and thinks he is so cool). Anyone have a lead or know where I might begin looking for this? Someone on Twitter had some but they are pretty inactive now.
Here's some gifs of it, if you don't want to watch Twitter videos. Here's the water moment [Water moment ](https://i.imgur.com/y5Gny73.gif) [Walking down the ramp](https://i.imgur.com/y3SKSxa.gif) Make your own opinions
I gotcha https://i.imgur.com/y3SKSxa.gif
I've heard but have no proof that Trump was a fan of wearing shoes with an elevated heel on them. Maybe that's why he's walking like that? He at least looks to be having hip pain, reminds me of my grand father who's older than Trump. Except mine fought in the war, of course.
To rule it out, for one year, at least in Amazon's case. You would be amazed if you knew how much pressure employees put on the company internally to take a stance on issues like this though.
Pester tests! Write unit tests and look to make sure your functions internal do what they're supposed to do. Extra bonus points if you write an integration test showing the lifespan of your cmdlets doing what they're supposed to do.
This was the proof I needed to know kohlrabi is basically just a stem and tastes like shit.
Isn't that insane? Our flags here have always looked like shit though. Time for a new, original fksf for the state.
Watch here and HackerNews to see what happened.
So do you have a link to numbers on pneumonia deaths for this year versus previous years?
I'm here from main page and I recognize the graffo dude but have no clue what is going on here
Fair point, I maintain that I think it was well written and might get someone interested in how web programming works given that it starts to unveil some things that someone may never have known about (imagine someone who has the spark to become a programmer but never knew how items on a page change after initial page load). But yeah it's low level content for this sub.
Jeeze buy another kitten for him to play with! We had two cats like that and when one passed away, got another kitten a few weeks later. Within a few days, our remaining elder cat adopted the baby as his new brother and followed him everywhere.
Awww do they play nicely together? My two are inseparable!
Do an int tryParse, it gives true if the thing casts into an int, if it doesn't, a failse This tells you if it's a latter or a number. `Function isNun(string x){ Return Int.TryParse(x) }` Heck why bother with a function
You committed grammatical violence in that sentence.
Wow, what are the chances. This post appeared directly under the /r/HumansBeingBros story about a man who dresses as a Power Ranger and helps the elderly carry packages and luggage up the stairs in a subway station with no stairs. [Proof!](https://imgur.com/a/DWFTOlG)
Billions? Why? It's mostly standard computer gear, is it not? I know they made a custom controller for their ssd, but I can't imagine how they'd spend a billion on the other components.
Hey mister, your house is haunted! I just kept hearing that line from Totoro as I saw the photos. Also those rafters are sooo cool. Perfect for ninja in an old movie. Such a cool house! Did you take down the steel 'compound' walls around the place? I don't know why those seem so common in Japan.
Is it going to be hard keeping that place warm? You've got like a hot air balloons worth of uninhabited space with your 40 meter ceilings there. How do you even keep it warm? Have a roll out insulated layer at normal ceiling height?
How do you deal with the 4,000 kanji? If I could at least read the character, I could look it up...
At least there are lots of romaji in areas, but man the kanji is the hardest part about navigating Japan. I was thankful for children's content which would have furigana more often than not. Then I could look the meaning up on my phone.
I know, it still sucks though! It's just a difficulty that's not found in most languages (like Korean, much easier to learn the character set there and be able to read everything)
Why does it matter if it was a Barbie or a Ken?
I don't get it?
I had non-mmo related injury to my nerve in my leg too. Sounds like you may have perineal neuropathy it can happen when the nerve that runs down the outside of your knee is damaged. Seek physical therapy. I had terrible debilitating pain from knee swelling that happened because of nerve damage. But it healed over time! I took glucosamine supplements and did my pt daily and only have a small area of numbness on the top of my foot now. So what if I can't power walk or walk quickly. I can jog and run or walk at a normal speed, and that's fine for me!
Does that hold water considering policing exists in countries which never had slavery? Not making police apologies, just questioning your argument. For instance, Japan hasn't had any slavery in 400 plus years and has a pretty calm and respectful police system. They're just totally unrelated.
Buy bottles if Ambesol now. The liquid kind. You will need it on days when your wires are changed and tightened. Apply it on your gums using your freshly washed finger tips. Spit out excess. Ambesol and ibuprofen are lifesavers for those days. Plan to have softer food on those days. Even the tension of biting a hot dog would send waves of pain through my mouth. It's normally stopped being sore within a day though.
I can only imagine the pain braces on the back of teeth. Your poor tongue would be lacerated.
What's backlash and how do I know if it's occurring or if I need to correct for it? Edit : if you want to know more about backlash, this page in dealing with it with Lightburn is pretty good https://github.com/LightBurnSoftware/Documentation/blob/master/ScanningOffsetAdjustment.md#scanning-offset-adjustment
What do we want? And exact representation of the plot of every mission of the game? I don't want that. Instead I want something that hits those really great story beats, especially the Sacking of Strathholme, and the like.
I'm not interested anymore then...
Lemme guess, wells Fargo?
Complete Dread. Something near spirtuality. That's what I feel when I see this photo and that's what I felt when I saw the total eclipse in the States a few year ago. My primal lizard brain knew the world was ending and I just snatched my children up into my arms and got ready to die.
I read something in a parenting book once and I never said be careful again after that. It was basically this advice but it said 'instead of telling them be careful, tell them what is making you worried' So I say 'I'm worried about you hopping on rocks since those are wet you might slip and hurt your leg and we'd have to go home' Or 'it would be easy to fall off that and land in the mud and we'd have to stop playing to get changed' Or 'I get scared when you're up so high, can you climb down a bit closer' I don't always say this, it's important to let kids make their own mistakes and learn from them, but when I need to, I never say 'be careful' It works. My kids stop and pay attention when I call out the hazard. Meanwhile I see others using lame 'be carefuls' which are not even registered.
I used to fix boot issues on machines about once a week, I had perfect muscles memory of diskpart and bcdboot commands and the like. Turns out that in the ten years I've been just developing instead of sysadmin and helpdesking, everything went to uefi and now none of those commands work in the same way. Use it or lose it, for sure. At least I still retain the google-fu to recognize that I'll never find the solution to my errors on certain forums. I just had to recommend that someone resintall Windows and backup their data, in the end.
What sort of issues did you have with your surface book?
Bellevue Square mall is so, so nice.
I've never heard of Mixer till this week? What was it like? Kind of like a paid Twitch like experience?
This is the same stuff in a number of flea killing products. I forget the name but there's one you apply to the cats shoulders and it absorbs into the fat layer under their skin. Fleas bite them and get the products and it causes effectively seizures and death of the flea. It's really amazing to see the fleas just fall off and dying right before your eyes.
I'm a programmar and most of the best ones that I know normally have some kind of side projects they're experimenting with.
I went to Google this and the top result is... This comment on this thread! Is this actual, all natural, vegan absurdist humor? Sign me the heck up.
Do we have no clue at all as to how and why acetaminophen works?
Reddit needs technology to block a post, I'm sure this is new to people but I want to flag this for myself as 'seen a million times' and then never see this shit again.
I have been on a covid king cone kick and I must say, the best ones are the Walmart store brand king cones. They're much better than the name brand king cone.
UpWork is just a complete waste of time. I do a semi-niche programming language and most work is just completely not worth applying because of ultra low pay, or has been bombarded with dozens of applications the day they open. Not to mention that 40% of listings or so are vampire listings. Completely undead and the creator of the listing never returns again after originally making the posting on the site. I easily spent 20 hours or so applying and making proposals for gigs before I finally got one contract. I did make a small amount of cash and had a good experience with the contract but it was a tremendous churn to close that one project. Not worth it.
Sniffing for contract work from local recruiters might be the best bet. If a company is looking to contract out a short term gig, they might be happy to instead negotiate a more deliverable oriented project with a contractor.
Sounds like you need to prove it, and not with the same test over and over. Also, keep in mind if you allow any app mic permissions and they're listening, they could be selling that data to an ad network. Once one has it, anh network could get it.
Neat fact I read on a building in New Orleans on a plaque. The term Dixie came from the fact that French money was issued or still used in New Orleans and people noticed the French 5 pound note or whatever, which said 'DIX' on it, the French word for five. Over time this area became known as Dixieland, the place where French money was still used. Eventually that spread to the whole South from New Orleans Although now that I type it out it reads like something you'd see on a Newman's Own dressing bottle.
Found this little squeaker in my mulch pile, it was very passive and crawled on my hand for a minute before scurrying into the brush.
