Also, imagine that there's a manhole cover in the exact center of the intersection. When making a left turn in smaller single-lane intersections, pull out to it and wait for oncoming traffic to clear, that way people behind you aren't blocked and can get around you if they want to keep going straight. If oncoming traffic doesn't clear during the light, wait for it to turn red and then complete your turn; you will have plenty of time. Obviously this system only works in relatively lighter traffic, but heavily trafficked intersections usually have a dedicated turning lane anyways. I was taught this in high-school driver's ed, along with a handful of other little rules and tricks that they evidently don't teach in Oregon.
There are some relatively large *mustelidae,* such as otters, badgers and wolverines. Of course if a wolverine is after your chickens, chicken wire is already pretty irrelevant.
That tells us most of what we need to know about why Oregonians (broadly) are such bad drivers. My wife, a third generation Portlander --actually her grandparents were from Milwaukie, but it's all the same to me-- had no notion of this rule when we first met. Now she bitches about it as vociferously as do I.
I've lived here for 20 years now and have never been ticketed for it. That said, it's a deeply stupid law and is part of the reason why the rest of the country makes fun of how incompetent Oregonian drivers are.
Ignore the naysayers; they are the people who cannot bear to be told that what they've been taught and are used to is not necessarily the best practice. The "manhole rule" exists and is taught for a reason; because it works and is very effective in relieving congestion. Trust me, just as ODOT has started promulgating public service messages about zipper-merges and using *both* lanes in congestion, so too will it eventually see the need to adopt the manhole rule. Personally, I think those claiming that it's illegal are full of shit, and even if they aren't wrong and it *is* illegal in Oregon, the fact that it's legal in 49 other states should tell us all we need to know about its safety and efficacy. That said, we already know that Oregon is very backwards when it comes to traffic and driving culture, so I guess we shouldn't be surprised either way.
It's a type of parallax; the longer you live, the shorter each year gets relative to the whole of your life. If you follow this line of thought to its logical conclusion, you will come to some rather shocking and counterintuitive realizations.
I would've said he's blue merle, but I am not especially knowledgeable.
While it's true that there would have been selection pressure on humans to be amenable to coexisting with dogs, it's not true that said pressure would have been the same as that exerted on dogs, which is just to say that the advantage conferred by the dog/human partnership appears to be much greater for dogs than for humans.
[Here's](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.newyorker.com/culture/persons-of-interest/the-case-for-not-being-born/amp) a serious counter that deals with your arguments. I haven't formed a clear opinion on the matter, I just think people should know that anti-natalism is a completely legitimate philosophical stance that's underpinned by a set of entirely sane and well-thought-out arguments.
And food. You forgot food. How could you forget food?
We have two rescues. The purebred pug is kind of a mess though I am not convinced that he's smart enough to realize this, or care, whereas the mix --we think she's a Chihuahua/pug-- is perfectly healthy and as full of piss and vinegar as anyone could wish.
I almost adopted a similarly colored catahoula the other day. He was gorgeous as well, kind of wish I had pulled the trigger, but no doubt he'll go to a good home, preferably a farm or ranch.
I wouldn't expect reddit to have the intellectual chops necessary to parse what you've said here. For whatever it's worth, some of us do get it though. No one gets to choose who they are, who their family is, the kind of environment they grow up in, especially not as a teenager. My dad grew up on USAF bases in the 1950s and early 60s; there was never any question that he would go to Vietnam; it was what he'd been taught, how he was raised. In his moral context, *not* going would have been immoral. Sometime during his 2nd tour he realized that it was all bullshit, but the damage had already been done and he spent the rest of his life trying to square his service in Vietnam with his conscience, often unsuccessfully and at the cost of multiple failed marriages and eventually an early death due to alcoholism.
He definitely missed the distinction, but he did it deliberately, for the sake of his larger point. King was clearly smart enough to have known that coming down on individual teenaged soldiers and marines wasn't really morally sound.
It's almost like there might be another reason to vote on it anyways... What could that be?
I almost prefer the Trumpies who are like, "hell yeah he said it, 'cuz it's true; they *are* shithole countries!" At least there's a shred of intellectual honesty and dignity there, whereas your position is the weakest most puerile and sychophantic pile of garbage. You must have no self respect at all.
Whether or not it's more entertaining is entirely subjective but also irrelevant. The point is that if you understand the economics of big time pro sports, you understand that the demand for what's seen as an imported game that's similar to an already existing and generationally established "American" game will always be way too low to make a big-time national league viable.
It's origin has yet to be determined. That said, similarly devastating epidemics that *were* caused by European disease are known to have attended European contact throughout the Americas, so if this one wasn't, its timing would be an almost unimaginable coincidence.
Not at all. For one thing, they were anatomically modern homo sapiens, not "early hominids," and for another, while humans probably played a role in the late Pleistocene extinctions, they almost certainly weren't the only factor.
That wasn't it at all. The reality is that there simply were no animals suitable for domestication in the Americas other than llamas and alpacas and guinea pigs. You can fence in American bison if you have the technology, but you sure as fuck can't domesticate them.
It's a stupid assumption. There are large indigenous populations in Mexico. Much more so than in the US.
It's like some kind of really bad fan-fiction. When in doubt, just make shit up.
Everyone needs help understanding Auge. He has some interesting ideas but unfortunately isn't very good at --or at least isn't interested in-- explaining them simply. I wish I had something more helpful to say, but it's been over 20 years since my last encounter with his work.
The available evidence, as I understand it, indicates that Old World diseases were introduced to New World populations at a time that perfectly coincides with European contact. Confusion arises from the fact that some initial contacts are not well documented, if they were documented at all, and that the spread of said contagions always preceded, often by years, European knowledge of the populations affected.
My understanding is that a similar course of events is thought to have applied to the Mississippian and Ohio Valley cultures which, as we now know, had highly complex urban centers together with sophisticated economies and what would ultimately prove to be fatal trade networks. My understanding is that when Europeans finally crossed the Appalachian crest, what they found was basically a post-apocalyptic landscape in terms of human geography. You will no-doubt know more about it than I, me being several decades removed from the academy.
You can, it's just that not everyone does. The reason is that they are genetically identical to existing Siberian populations and are genetically distinct from the population(s) that peopled the New World. To put it in simple terms, a Lakota Sioux has more genes in common with an Amazonian Yanomami than with an Inuit. That's a gross oversimplification, but it should give you the general idea.
That's nice, but let's not pretend that Zinn and Mann aren't apples and oranges. Zinn is a historian and an advocate, while Mann is a science writer who's interested in revealing objective information that has hitherto not been recognized by the larger reading public. They aren't in any way pursuing the same project.
You need to drink more.
How do figure that Liga MX is European-inspired? Are you crazy? Latin-America doesn't look to Europe for inspiration when it comes to soccer. The best soccer-players in the world come from Latin-America. Liga MX has been one of the big-time Latin-American leagues for decades now. I don't think you know what you're even talking about.
It's just a wicked old finner. Of no use to man or beast.
Canada didn't exist in 1812.
Yeah but they got their asses handed to them at sea and on the Great Lakes. It was the first time that the Royal Navy had been defeated in a fair fight in decades and was a serious blow to public morale, both in Halifax and back in England. Later, Captain Broke of the HMS Shannon would cause the USS Chesapeake to strike outside of Boston Harbor, restoring a sense of balance to the British, but after something like 7 or 8 consecutive defeats in small-vessel actions, the damage had already been done and the sense of invincibility that had previously buoyed the Royal Navy since Nelson's death was largely destroyed. Astute observers would have been able to comfort themselves with the reflection that the US Navy's senior officer corps consisted almost exclusively of men who had learned their trade in the Royal Navy a generation earlier, but the mood of the British public was far less nuanced.
It's artificial turf. I am told that the water improves playability.
Well that was underwhelming.
Really going out on a limb there aren't you?
We'll see. Portland is still a work in progress. By most accounts Savarese is having an astonishingly good 1st season as an MLS coach. Granted, he inherited a pretty talented squad, but I think he deserves credit for learning fast, not being afraid to admit it when he makes mistakes, being adaptable and always taking full responsibility for failure, unlike his predecessor.
He would do it regardless. Chara is like a terrier; it is simply in his nature to be relentless; he doesn't know how to be any other way and we love him for it.
Underrated by fans maybe, but certainly not by other players. If one goes by how he is rated by other players, he's pretty consistently been ranked in the top 5 midfielders in the league since he joined the Timbers back in 2011. He's fucking relentless and always has been.
Yeah, you've kind of put your finger on exactly the problem with current FAA regs regarding drones; there are, theoretically at least, two separate sets of regulations governing commercial (Part 107) and recreational (which as of now also includes remote control airplanes) use, but any recreational user is subject to similar fines for violations as are Part 107 licensed UAV pilots. It's basically a bit of a legal clusterfuck that has little or no real enforcement. As for downtown Portland, it's controlled airspace due to the various helicopter pads, not due to proximity to PDX. As for the distinction between "giving notice" vs "getting permission," as anyone familiar with ATC will tell you, it's kind of a distinction without a difference. What you're really after is "clearance," which is just a sort of "go ahead" meaning that if you execute your flight plan, you shouldn't have any conflicts with any other flight plans currently authorized. You are kind of correct in that one is required to inform ATC of one's flight plan, not ask them permission, but if said flight plan is in conflict with other traffic, you better believe that they will deny you permission and you will be heavily fined if you ignore. That all said, if you aren't an asshole and aren't doing stupid reckless shit, you're probably fine to fly downtown so long as you keep it below 1-200 feet. Anything higher than that and you are potentially getting into news-chopper, life-flight, Coast-Guard and Sheriff helicopter flight-paths (there's also the random military blackhawk that comes and goes from downtown for reasons that are above my pay-grade.) Private and recreational drone use almost never causes problems with other aircraft, but it only has to happen once or twice for the FAA to clamp down on it. Recently, to name an example, there was an incident in Port Angeles wherein a Coastie chopper had a near miss with a drone that made national news among those of us who care about these things. The drone operator was not caught, but had he been, the fines would have been substantial. Understand that you are putting other people's lives in danger when you fly a drone in controlled or restricted airspace. It's not a fucking joke.
That is fascinating. Who would have ever guessed that a highly intelligent and adaptable mammal like the raccoon could become invasive? Nobody could have possibly seen this coming. On the plus side, they are at least entertaining, if something of a pain in the ass to have around.
They can be, but I think it's pretty situational. My local raccoons are a pretty docile bunch and generally aren't much of a nuisance, I think because I live in the PNW which is an ecologically rich environment and they aren't facing a lot of competition for food resources. My guess is that they get more aggressive when food is scarce or when they become habituated to humans.
Frank. His name is Frank.
Wash bear.
Oh, my sweet summer child...
We don't, and in fact, it's probably a matter of degree rather than an absolute distinction. What we do have is zero evidence of any other animals being as good at it as we are, which as you say doesn't prove anything, but is the best we've been able to do thus far.
&gt; I didn't see you address the concept that PTSD in war was never recorded until the advent of firearms, specifically cannons. That's because there's not a whole lot of evidence that this is true, while evidence to the contrary is abundant. To see that this is true, one need only consider that we already know that mechanized warfare and the use of artillery is far from the only cause of PTSD. If it's true now that there are lots of ways to cause PTSD other than through exposure to artillery, it must have been true in the pre-artillery world as well.
We don't "know" *per se,* we simply think that it's overwhelmingly likely based on the weight of available evidence.
The title is not meant to be taken literally. Sapolsky's larger point is that zebras aren't subject to the same types of stress-related mortality that's seen in the highly social primates, not that they don't get ulcers. I definitely recommend pretty much everything he's ever written; he is way way smarter than you are giving him credit for here.
It's not a paper, it's a book, and I can assure you that Sapolsky is about ten or 20 times smarter than you are giving him credit for. If you'd actually read the book, or were at least familiar with the work it's based on, you would know that your objection is basically a *non sequitur* as it relates to Sapolsky's work.
While I absolutely respect Harari and genuinely enjoyed "Sapiens," I think he's demonstrably wrong about humans making the jump from prey to predator overnight. Everything from the fossil record and what we know about non-human primate behavior indicates that our ancestors were opportunistic omnivores for hundreds of thousands of years at the bare minimum, but probably much longer. Add to that the fact that every single large predator you mention would have been a prey species not much earlier than the late Pleistocene at latest --when there were much bigger versions of wolves, bears and lions-- and you can see Harari's argument doesn't really hold much water. (University of Montana Biologist/historian Dan Flores, for example, convincingly argues that North American black bears instinctively avoid unforested land not out of fear of modern grizzlies or wolves --which might chase them off, but hardly see them as prey-- but rather as a genetically encoded response to the presence of giant predators such as the short-faced bear or the saber-toothed cats.)
It is, wrong I mean, but to be fair, you wouldn't put this kind of thing past a Mexican either. I love Mexicans, have lived and worked in Mexico for years, but they definitely do have a thing with toughness taken to stupid extremes.
I thought they were Kiwis? Oh yeah, that's right, only Americans are stupid for remembering their ancestry; it's totally legit for everyone else, right?
This is the right answer. The Napoleonic wars had by far the greatest proximate impact in terms of how the world is currently ordered, principally, I would argue, by establishing the British Royal Navy as the world's supreme naval power. The Royal Navy basically established the international law of the seas as we now understand it. In theory at least, all global shipping lanes would be open to use by all merchant interests, no nation or interest could claim sole ownership of navigational rights, piracy would be outlawed, and legitimate actors would be empowered to pursue trade and business interests within the framework of maritime law as established by the Royal Navy. There were, of course, many exceptions to these broad concepts and it's a fool who expects anything like consistency in their enforcement, but the point is that the basic ideas were seeded during the Napoleonic wars. For those interested, a good read on the subject is Arthur Herman's "To Rule the Waves; How the British Navy Shaped the Modern World." Some people object to Herman as being too Anglo-centric, and maybe they are correct in so doing, I don't know. What I do know is that he makes some pretty convincing arguments.
It's also pretty interesting that it uses the name "Kelly." Is "Kelly" both Cornish and Irish in origin? I know there are a few Welsh/Irish names, like Morgan, for example, that arise from different origins (an Anglicization of O'Muirregan in Ireland, and just plain old Morgan in Wales) to say nothing of the often confusing crossover names common in Northern Ireland and Scotland.
That's rich, as if facts can't be spun or manipulated, amirite? You sweet summer child...
Found the Russian!
Whataboutism? Really?
Are you drunk or just plain stupid? That's one of reddit's favorite whipping boys.
Holy shit. What happened here? There's that education gap again. Most of the comments here aren't even wrong; they're just deeply ignorant and badly confused. This is stuff you should have learned in high school.
But that's not how people use whataboutisms at all. The way they are most commonly used --and the above is an illustrative instance-- is not so much as a good-faith way of pointing out hypocrisy, but rather, is as a way of derailing conversation in order to shift the focus of discussion away from an area that the "whataboutist" is uncomfortable with. It is also often the case --again see above-- that the "whataboutist" resorts to whataboutism not as a good-faith attempt at revealing hypocrisy, but rather, as a sort of last ditch effort. After all, if you have a good counter argument to a claim being made, you will use that first, and whataboutism only secondarily. Ultimately, whataboutism is the redoubt of those who lack the intellectual horsepower --or moral standing-- to effectively counter the arguments of their interlocutor. It's a sign of weakness, of intellectual poverty.
Good on PR! It won't fly though. The entirely-GOP-controlled federal government will never allow the addition to the Senate of two new Dem senators. It's a nice thought however.
How is "Jack" a female name? Am I missing something? My grandfather (1st Marines, Guadalcanal, Peleliu, Cape Gloucester, and Iwo Jima where he derosed out with a Purple Heart that ended his war) was called "Jack" because back then it was a nickname for guys named John. Edit: OK, comment below clears it up.
Too right! The Allies, apart from the Soviets, were fundamentally maritime powers that used the British Empire and the US Navy to crush the Axis powers from abroad rather than on their own national turf. In all matters it was understood that US industrial might, inaccessible as it was in North America, would, if properly mechanized, eventually destroy the Axis powers. While the Soviets slowly beat back the Nazis, the entire world had been flipped on its back by the US Navy which by the end of the war had taken over the role formerly occupied by the British Empire.
Was hoping we'd get through this one without any major embarrassments. Evidently that's too much to ask.
In "Killing Pablo" Mark Bowden (who is a very serious journalist) basically argues this, or something similar, is what happened, but he doesn't ever state it as an unequivocal fact. It *is* definitely the case that US military special operators were on the scene and deployed in the effort to catch him. It seems like we'll never know for sure who actually pulled the trigger, but maybe you know more about it than I do.
Absolutely depends on the city. To use a West Coast example, in LA, yeah, crosswalks are mostly a theoretical construct. In Portland however, even the slightest hint of a pedestrian --maybe half a block away-- is grounds for slamming on the brakes and waiting with the appearance of patience while secretly seething inside.
I mean, if we're going to trot out any old city, I've got a list of several dozen mega-cities in the developing world where even the concept of traffic laws is largely a theoretical abstraction.
And that's a trip for me as well. I grew up in the same California neighborhood as Sonny Barger so the Angels were just a part of life when I was a kid and because my dad was a big dude and a Vietnam vet, they liked him and we lived 3 houses down from an HA house in Santa Rosa's Blackwell tract. I know very well that HA has chapters all over the world now, as do a handful of other outlaw clubs, but it still trips me out to hear of them. You'd never think these guys were sophisticated enough to do it had you known them back in the 1970s when I was a kid.
Word. That escalated quickly.
Pretty sure that's a jaguar. Leopards are more gracile .
We have them exactly where we want them!
No one expected this strategy!
Any moment now we will begin scoring!
Whatever. This was supposed to be a rebuilding year for the Timbers, under a 1st time MLS coach, but not only was Savarese effective, he brought us all the way to the MLS Cup and fielded a team that at times made the best side in MLS look uncomfortable. You can't fuck with that. You cannot fuck with the Portland Timbers. We are repeatedly one of the most competitive sides in MLS and we will be back next year and even though we are a relatively small market team, we will continue to fucking win. It's what we do.
So much for gracious and gentlemanly conduct. I am not impressed by your lack of dignity and decorum.
I absolutely agree with what I take to be your meaning. While I will cry myself to sleep tonight, as an RCTID guy, I also appreciate the fact that Atlanta's win, if it has serious buy-in from the American South, may well be a game-changing development with regard to soccer in general. We will see.
How about drinking down a tall glass of "shut the fuck up" because you're irrelevant?
Too right. If you know much about what can happen with large crowds in tight spaces, that concourse is kind of spooky already. I have never cordially liked it.
Oh good! A thread on homelessness! These are always inspiring!
The entire west coast has a temperate maritime climate in comparison to the rest of the country. Spend a winter on the east coast at Portland's latitude and you will come to a very different appreciation of the matter. It's related to the predominant flow of the jet stream across North America, together with a thing called "specific heat" that you may remember from high school physics class.
Truth be told, as a lifelong outdoorsman, I couldn't agree with you more. What I know from long personal experience is that truly cold weather is much easier to deal with than unrelenting rainy and generally damp conditions. While it's relatively easy to get warm and dry in snowy conditions, it's much more difficult to do so in rain and mud when temperatures are near freezing, but not quite, and the entire weather system lies upon the land like a cold wet misty towel.
Bigfoot doesn't believe in you either? I fucking love the Gifford-Pinchot. Easily among my top-five national forests.
That's a nice and tidy little theory, but no, the Democrats did not recruit Trump. He had been considering a run for president (for the publicity, not to win) since at least the early 2000s and was involved in the "birther" movement as a way to boost his political profile.
Dude, that's part of the appeal of the whole thing.
Proposed to my wife on the Gifford-Pinchot.
She said yes.
My brother and I got up into the Dark Divide last summer from Indian Heaven for a few days of pure ruck and lightweight fishing gear.
Us bald guys gotta stick together.
Those who "complain" about it tend to be those who don't actually have a firm grasp on the post-war order, so in that sense you're kind of confusing two separate groups.
This is a phony analogy. The US wasn't simply paying for everyone else's security out of the kindness of its heart. To the contrary, it reaped --and continues to reap-- great rewards by maintaining and enforcing free trade and the law of the open seas, which is ultimately what we're talking about here whether you know it or not. This idea of yours, that the exchange was somehow one-sided, simply doesn't hold water and I think that this will become increasingly clear to you as Trump continues to yeild soft-power and influence in the face of an ever-growing Chinese leviathan that emphatically is *not* based on free-trade and market economies. This isn't to say that the post-war landscape hasn't changed and accordingly needs some adjustments, perhaps to do with th the EU shouldering a greater global security burden, but if that's the case, there are ways of doing it that don't involve sudden knee-jerk moves and reactions that inevitably will lead to long-term undesirable consequences and present instability in the global order.
This is a short-sighted view of the matter. In fact, there is very little about the world, in political terms, that isn't still heavily influenced by the 500 or so years of *European* colonialism that immediately predates the current era. Nor is it the case, especially with regard to Islam and the Middle East, that much of anything in terms of modern conflicts can't be traced back, at least in part, to the Ottoman Empire. While it's certainly true that the injudicious use of American power has sparked various conflicts that otherwise would've remained dormant, it is emphatically not the case that said conflicts weren't smoldering below the surface in the first place. The upshot is that the world we live in is still mostly the result of 19th century imperialism on the part of specifically European powers together with the Ottomans. You want to lay it at the doorstep of the US, but even then, again, it goes back to European colonialism given that the US, as an essentially "European" nation governed by European ideas and ruled by the descendants of European colonists, is also a product of European colonialism. The real question is not therefore one of fingering specific nations for blame, but rather, is civilizational. Western civilization has done a great deal for the world, but it also has a lot to answer for. Pinning it all on the US just because it happens to be the current hegemon is stupid, short-sighted and ahistorical.
It's not a biologically useful distinction in any case.
You are appallingly stupid and uninformed.
You think you have a choice with Facebook, but trust me, you don't. Facebook's entire business model is based on aggregating information on people, not just on users.
I believe the downvotes stem from the fact that your comment is based on an inherently phony premiss. The photo in question looks the way it does, that is to say "deliberately posed," almost certainly as a consequence of the predominant photography practices of the day which, far from being culturally determined, were largely the result of technological limitations and practicalities. The downvoters are also reacting negatively to the need, felt by some, to frame everything in terms of power dynamics when we all know very well that sometimes a photograph is just a photograph, nothing more, and that there is no deeper understanding to be gained by ascribing a colonial or culturally imperial gaze to its composition.
Also harvested in California, but pre-Columbian California was geographically almost an island in that it was surrounded by deserts and rugged mountains on three sides and the Pacific on the fourth, so once groups made it into California, they tended to stay there, especially since the climate was nice and the environment so rich. The Hupa, Karok and Yurok of the far North Coast were basically the southern end of the Pacific Northwest potlatch culture and built longhouses, spoke the Chinook trade jargon and were definitely in regular contact with tribes along the Oregon coast, but they are the exception to the general rule.
In general, if you don't like a post, just ignore it or downvote and ignore. Going onto a thread to tell everyone about how you don't like it will almost always get you downvotes because nobody's interested. I've found this to be true of almost all subs regardless of their content.
WTF are you talking about? Most of us who are complaining about it *didn't* make the stupid choice. Are you an idiot or just plain ignorant? I can forgive the latter.
You stupid pathetic fuck. I'm not even going to adress anything you've said, I just want to insult you as the disgusting human being you are. Maybe I'll get banned, but that's OK. It'll be worth it.
In terms of size maybe, but pitbulls are still better fighters and will kill them one on one. Not that it's anything to really be proud of though. Also worth noting that Asian dog breeds definitely don't have the market cornered when it comes to size.
The grasping cash-tiger!
Yeah it's not even close. Have millenials completely forgotten about the 1960s and hippies and the civil-rights and anti-war movements? As for Reagan, consider; anyone who was old enough to vote in 1980 was born in 1962 at the latest, and I don't care how you spin it, that's a post-war boomer, not a gen-xer. My 1st presidential election was '88 and I think that's much more typical of gen X.
It's not a bad thing *per se,* it's just boring as fuck and not the kind of content I want to see, so I downvote it. Save that stuff for your Facebook reader's group or some shit. There's a place for that sort of thing, I just don't think this is it, and since I know I am in the minority here, I'll take my downvotes and leave it at that.
I think it's a ridiculous list that smacks of college-kid pretension, but I am a grumpy old curmudgeon when it comes to such things and I don't expect that many will share my opinion.
Well, Steinbeck was no master stylist, but he did understand narrative. That said, I've always maintained that John Ford's cinematic version of "The Grapes of Wrath" is actually one of the few instances where the movie really *is* better than the book, which should tell you something.
That's fair. It's also worth mentioning that most of these mastiff breeds are meant to be shepherds, that is to say that so long as they scare off wolves, they're doing their job.
Right? I mean, I've only been on reddit for going on 12 years now. It'd be weird if I didn't understand at least a little about how this place works.
Nonsense. I have the greatest respect for Jews, a great and varied body of people, some of whom are responsible for the best humanity has to offer in the sciences and humanities. When I say "your kind," I mean small-minded and intellectually pinched persons of limited intelligence and slavish devotion to ideas as a sort of identity. You are a liar and a coward to me first, a Jew only secondly or even thirdly, if that at all.
She may not be on anything anymore, but even if that's true, what she did earlier in her career has had obvious permanent effects on her body.
It's not irrelevant to me. For my money, how a country treats its own citizens says a lot about how it views the world.
I'd be interested in seeing your sources. Not because I believe or disbelieve what you say at all, but rather because it sounds fascinating and I want to know more. I'm by no means an expert, but my mother's family is from the north of Ireland and as such I am at least noddingly acquainted with the history of Ulster during that period. I also had a good friend, born and raised in rural Leitrim --he's now sadly deceased-- who spoke with an accent nearly identical to that heard in so many of these Travelers videos, and while he was a farmboy and certainly not a Traveler, if it's true that the Travelers are descended from those dispossessed by Cromwell --"to hell or Connaught!"-- then it makes sense that they would have a nearly identical accent to the settled families in Leitrim who were also pushed westward by Cromwell. Anyhow, until I see something definititive or at least persuasive, my inclination is to be skeptical of said Cromwellian origin story, though of course, were it true, it would not be the first example of real history hiding beneath a veneer of folklore. Another way of coming at it may be to ask; are there known instances of Irish Travelers in pre-Cromwell Ireland, and if there aren't, when and why did they show up in the historical record? Edit: The more I think about it, together with reflections on what admittedly little I know of Irish history, the more likely I see the creation of a landless wandering class of Irish families as being almost certainly the result of the Cromwellian plantation of Ulster. The only other source would be the famine, which certainly put vast numbers of people on the move, but we read that the Travelers existed long before the famine.
Here in Portland the "Indian Heaven Wilderness" is also fondly known as the "Mosquito Heaven Wilderness," for example. Also, "I went to the Mt Jefferson Wilderness, and the mosquitoes carried off my baby!"
Also, you're totally eliding the distinction between print vs cable news. The big print outfits aren't totally innocent and have their share of mistakes to answer for, but cable news is on an entirely different level when it comes to most of what reddit likes to complain about in "the media."
It's meant to honor them... I think they would understand that and be pleased.
Sure, but that's for his family to do. This was meant as a way of recognizing and honoring his sacrifice and to my mind, that it's meant as such is what should matter. If someone wants to honor the fact that you gave your life in a noble endeavor, the details of how they do it should be less important than the intent.
This is a myth. There was no way he was ever going to be able to set up said gatling guns swiftly enough to do any real damage. You are correct that splitting his forces was a huge mistake however. His biggest mistake was much simpler and had to do with his idea that the Lakota and their allies were somehow inferior to the white man and would lose every battle wherein the whites attacked. Notably, his Crow and Arikara scouts either abandoned his forces, or began singing their "death songs" as he advanced. They knew very well that attacking the collected Lakota together with their Cheyenne and Arapahoe allies, many of whom would be led by Crazy Horse in battle, was a very, very bad idea. Custer was ridiculously outnumbered and paid the price for his arrogance with his own life and the lives of his men.
&gt; Dems would do the same and you all know it You say this on what basis? I'm not naive about politicians, but I don't think you actually have any evidence for this claim.
They also get paid big money, so I wouldn't think this clip is at all above and beyond the requirements of the job.
Ha! This fellow better enjoy the Olympics while he can. These guys aren't native and are in the process of being rounded up and shipped back to the North Cascades where they belong.
It's a myth in the sense that it assumes that he had the option of bringing said gatling guns to bear. He did not. There was no way he was ever going to be able to get them close enough to where they could be effectively deployed because the "hostiles" were watching his every move --and had been for weeks, as his Crow and Arikara scouts knew very well. He simply did not have the numbers he would've needed in order to deploy the gatling guns in a way that could've made a difference against a highly mobile enemy that was already aware of his every move. The idea that he could have deployed them is based on the idea that he would be able to choose the battlefield, but that was never the case. The amassed Lakota, Cheyenne and Arapahoe warriors were, as is true of all horse-based warrior cultures, ridiculously good at highly mobile warfare wherein they chose when and where to engage. Custer could have done a lot better than he did, but let's not ever lose sight of the fact that no matter what, he was never going to win. He picked a fight with the most powerful tribes on the Northern Plains --the Crazy Horse Indians no less-- and walked into a fight where he was outnumbered by something at least like 7 to 1. It's also worth mentioning that the leadership of the "hostiles," men such as Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull, wished to avoid a confrontation in the first place.
This is categorically untrue. Custer had upwards of 20 Crow and Arikara scouts with him. Every single one of them knew exactly what they were getting into and specifically told Custer and his officers that they would die. Many of them left, while those who stayed began singing their "death songs."
I was going to ask the same thing. I remember being able to go for nine or ten days back in the 80s without seeing anyone at all, and it wasn't especially unusual. Maybe not on Hood because it's so close to Portland, but certainly in other western wilderness areas this was true. I'm not complaining though; my elders probably said the same thing and everyone has the right to enjoy the backcountry.
Dang! "Sound-systems in the canyons" sounds horrific. I don't even know what to think about that. I don't know that I would have an especially pro-social response to such a thing. Last year my brother and I got up into the Indian Heaven, and it was crowded as fuck on the southern end near the well-known trailheads, but up on the northern end, going into the Dark Divide area, we went for three days without seeing anyone, which was nice. We went relatively early so there was still a lot of snow, which no-doubt helped keep out the less determined.
Dude, that's awesome. They all want to downplay it, but fighting in Vietnam was, for better or worse, one of the definitive epochs of their lives. My dad never really got over it, suffered from long-term untreated PTSD and drank himself to death about five years ago out on his place in the backwoods of Northern California. That said, it was one of his great rewards in life to find that I and my brothers qualified for VA money for college on account of his disabled veteran status. So treasure that. One day your old man will be gone, but that education is part of what he leaves you.
Count me in.
Try it motherfucker.
On what basis do you claim to know that history has no bearing on current conceptions and usage in the UK? Frankly, your assertion seems absurd. This idea of yours, that the modern world is somehow entirely divorced from the historical trends and antecedents that gave rise to it basically beggars belief. And this is to say nothing of the fact that I have lived and studied in the UK and know for a fact that you're mistaken. It is emphatically the case that when Brits refer to the "middle-class," just as when they refer to "public schools," they don't mean it in a sense that translates directly to American usage of the same. This is actually not a matter that's up for interpretation; it's simply a fact that no amount of dickering can change.
It's bad linguistics not in the sense of understanding perceptions, but rather, in the sense that the perceptions themselves are demonstrably inaccurate yet are not portrayed as such. In other words, it might be valuable as a piece of information, but that doesn't make it objectively correct in and of itself.
I believe that was once true, but that in recent decades, due to the influence of Hollywood, a watered-down version of the Southern California accent is nearer the neutral mark to the average American ear.
If your implied hypothesis --that only Americans do this, which I'm not at all convinced of-- is correct, one explanation might be that it's due to North America being the current center of the English-speaking world in terms of things like population, political and economic power and social influence.
Interesting. Most educated Latin-Americans I know consider the Colombian accent to be the most "neutral," if such a term even has any meaning. I know Colombians are widely sought out for Spanish-language audio books, for example, and I also know that they are often considered the easiest to understand for Spanish-language-learners because they tend to speak "clearly" and generally follow "textbook" grammatical rules.
It's a fair point. That said, I've lived in the UK and it occurs to me that one possible explanation is simply the fact that there are so many different accents there that it's cognitively impossible to imagine that any one of them could be "neutral." This is emphatically not the case in North America where the difference between a Seattle vs Los Angeles accent is almost imperceptible, if it even exists at all. While there is a very small collection of minor differences between how my wife --who is from Portland, Oregon-- and I --from San Francisco-- say things, for the most part we sound exactly the same and speak with a general west coast accent that even other Americans cannot differentiate. Contrast that to the UK where it's impossible to go more than 50 miles in any direction --often much less-- without encountering a noticably different accent. My idea is that when surrounded by so many obviously different accents in such a small area as the "British Isles," it's necessarily difficult to imagine that any one accent is "neutral." I may be wrong, this is a hypothesis, not an assertion.
Yeah, man, that trip in the Winds was a real eye-opener for me. For years afterwards I over-packed and carried more than I needed to, out of fear of a repeat. I'm still a big believer in bringing more than you think you will need, in the name of safety, but as I've gotten older and less able to simply "power" through climbs and treks, I've also come to appreciate the wisdom of packing light. Technology is our friend in this regard, as you are no doubt well-aware. Anyhow, it's been fun to converse with you, sir. May we one day meet upon the trail!
Outstanding work my friend.
It's an ugly but legitimate part of the game, and Chara excels at it. There's not a team in all of MLS that wouldn't love to have a box-to-box enforcer like Chara. I think his diminutive stature and otherwise cheerful disposition helps him get away with physically punishing guys in ways that a bigger and meaner-looking guy couldn't get away with.
Nonsense. Rebuttals are only required in response to serious arguments.
Exactly. It seems painfully obvious to me, but even if it weren't, you never have to scratch very deep to find the underlying antisemitism.
I don't think it's meant to be taken seriously.
It's "set foot."
My old man had a single swallow that he got after crossing the Pacific aboard an aircraft carrier with a fleet of UH1 gunships destined for the 1st Cav in Vietnam's Central Highlands. He's surely not the only Cavalry guy to have a sailor's tattoo, but I can't think it would have been that common.
My dad had a swallow that he got to commemorate crossing the Pacific (on a carrier, not by air) on his way to Vietnam, but he was UH1 door-gunner with the 1st Cav, so I guess some Army guys had them too.
Too right. I'd forgotten about the parenthetical references, but you are absolutely correct. It's a known white supremacist/anti-Semitic "signal."
It's not an interview, and no doubt you are already aware of it, but I'm a huge fan of Tim O'Brien's short story, "The Things They Carried," which is basically a minor masterpiece in how to say more about the truth of experience, through fiction, than any journalistic retelling ever could. You also, of course, get the added bonus of O'Brien obviously being an American of Irish descent, which may help your students identify with him, or may mean nothing at all, I don't know.
Originally an Australian song, "I've Been Everywhere, Man," has been reworked dozens of times over the years using place-names from different countries, including the Johnny Cash version which covers the US. It's a good song.
Fair play. My point, of course, isn't that all of Wes's interviews are legit, it's rather that some of them obviously are, and that we shouldn't throw the baby out with the bathwater simply because it comes from a poisoned well. I don't know about these other guys you mention, will look into.
&gt; It is bothersome that some people on here are so staunchly for Bigfoot, that they want this echo chamber around them where no one can cast any doubt on them. That's not what people want at all. Many of us, for various reasons, basically "know" that this species exists and accordingly aren't interested in further debate. It's always the same and it gets old very fast. If you don't "believe," cool, whatever, you do you, it's just not a conversation that's interesting. So it's not that anyone "wants an echo chamber around them," it's that all of us are very familiar with all of the arguments for why sasquatch isn't real, have heard them thousands of times before, and honestly can't really be bothered. What's the point? If you don't think the species may well be real, why are you even here? And more to the point, why do you think anyone should waste their time trying to convince you?
Again, it's not that anyone wants an echo chamber around them, it's that all of us are very familiar with all of the arguments for why sasquatch isn't real, have heard them thousands of times before, and honestly can't really be bothered. What's the point? If you don't think the species may well be real, why are you even here? And more to the point, why do you think anyone should waste their time trying to convince you?
Not yet. Despite what many people in this thread imagine, neither side actually wants a war. The risk is that as tensions continue ratcheting up, the likelihood of a catastrophic miscalculation on either side becomes more likely.
If you have to ask, you probably won't understand the answer. I'm not even trying to be a dick about it. You have to know less than nothing about the world to think that could ever end well for the US.
They won't start an actual shooting war, but they won't back down either. They will force Trump's hand, knowing that any real military action on his part will seriously damage his chances at reelection, while also knowing that he can't resort to diplomacy without looking weak, which he cannot abide. They will maintain low-levels of aggression and wait to see what happens domestically in the US. Those are my rash predictions in any case. I may well be utterly and completely wrong, as I often am, just ask my wife.
This is true, but almost certainly irrelevant since there's no way the US --no matter what Trump wants-- will actually launch a ground invasion of Iran. Getting into another large-scale war in the Middle East is probably the single thing that both sides of the US political spectrum can all agree sounds like a terrible idea.
It is not. All the indications, including many White House sources, are that Trump definitely does not want a war with Iran. He is convinced it will cost him reelection and he's probably right. Another unnecessary large-scale conflict in the Middle East is probably the one thing that can unify the American public. It's utter madness.
That exact talking point actually came directly from the IRA troll-farm in St. Petersburg. Congrats on being a patsy. They played you like a bitch. Unless you're one of them of course.
Or what?
Keep the exact location under your hat. People can find them if they're really interested, but we don't want their location to be widely known or easily accessible to casual morons as that's how they get trashed. People suck sometimes.
Funny how so many comments are positive that it's a manipulated photo. That tells me that they either don't actually know what they're talking about, or that they're so eager to support their preconceived ideas that they are no longer able to be objective.
Not a chance. The known extant great apes --humans aside-- are all tropical species. There's no way they could have adapted to the North American climate in so short a time without having, as humans do, highly complex material cultures, which they emphatically do not.
Speaking only for myself, yes, if that's the explanation that does the best job of explaining the available evidence, than I am OK with being an "accident." In fact, not only am I OK with it, I'm positively ecstatic about it given how infinitesimally improbable it is that a collection of atoms would ever organize themselves in such a way as to be me. But they did, and its being an accident doesn't lessen my appreciation in any way.
This is a phony argument as any paleontologist will tell you. In order for a species to show up in the fossil record, a number of unusual or very serendipitous things have to be true about it. The molecular evidence indicates that we have not, and probably never will, discover fossil evidence of the vast majority of species that ever lived. You are entitled and encouraged to have your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts.
Some more options: -They are extremely rare and highly social apex predators who almost always die in well-hidden and secluded spots that are deliberately difficult to find. -Their remains have in fact been found, many times, but have not been recognized as such because their existence is not generally accepted. -Their remains have been found, identified, and knowingly suppressed out of fear of ridicule or at the behest of powerful federal agencies. (I am very skeptical about the Feds giving a shit either way, but it has to be mentioned). My personal guess is that a combination of all three options accounts for the explanation; they are very rare/difficult to find, are almost never recognized *when* they are found because this isn't something that's supposed to exist, or, people simply keep it under their hat when they do find something odd because they don't want to put up with all the bullshit.
Extant species or extinct species? If the former, previously unknown-to-science vertebrates are discovered every year, *primarily* through collected type-specimens as opposed to bones, so that's not really a thing. If the latter, we know through molecular evidence that the vast majority of vertebrate species that ever lived will never be found in the fossil record.
"From Vung Tau riding Chinooks to the dust at Nui Dat I'd been in and out of choppers now for months And we made our tents a home, V.B. and pinups on the lockers And an Asian orange sunset through the scrub" -I Was Only 19/A Walk in the Light Green [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gmgwx77osw) the vid. It's a great track. I like [this version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7TXBuVUQJw) better.
Cannibal Humanoid Underground Dwellers, or am I just old and out of touch?
Again, they aren't a secret, but if you want them to survive, it pays to be at least a little closed-mouth about their precise locations. There's a long history of petroglyph sites being destroyed by careless and disrespectful assholes once their location is known. This is why most contemporary anthropologists refuse to divulge anything even remotely related to specific locations that they've documented.
Thanks for the info. My youngest brother has our dad's air medals, and as you say there are a handful. I definitely will get a better look at them. Another brother --there are three of us-- recently got our dad's records from the National archives and it turns out that he also was awarded a Purple Heart and a DFC, presumably for actions taken during a combat-related helicopter crash-landing that we know about through our uncle. Our dad, now deceased due to complications from long-term alcoholism, refused to tell us anything about his experiences in Vietnam. He was definitely a long-term casualty of what to him was always The War.
You never know. The big base outside of Pleiku was Camp Holloway/Dragon Mountain. Those crazy motherfucker 4th Infantry guys killed, bar-b-cued and ate a fucking tiger up there. Pretty sure my dad had nothing to do with that as he was always a nature-lover. Also the timeline doesn't quite fit. Anyways, it doesn't matter.
You misunderstood OP's conjecture. OP hypothesized that Europeans introduced Old-World apes to North America which then adapted to the local ecology and formed breeding populations. My point is that said hypothesis is impossible for a suite of well-understood reasons. I said and say nothing whatsoever about any other hypothetical ape populations that may or may not have already existed in North America prior to European contact.
No doubt. I would never argue otherwise.
I'm only allowed to make one trip. More than one trip is offensive in the eyes of The Lord. That's what I believe anyway, evidently.
Hey. This is very serious stuff we're talking about here. A degree of solemnity is certainly called for.
Back in the 80s I lost a friend to a similar set of circumstances at Goat Rock, outside of Jenner, near the mouth of the Russian River on the Sonoma County coast. He was a good kid who made a stupid mistake. His body was never recovered. We'd grown up in the region being told to never take anything for granted out there, but such is life. That coast takes multiple lives every year. It can be so deceptive. I still miss my friend.
I too have a long-suffering spouse who understandeth not the fine dictates of manhood.
I'm pretty well-traveled and can assure you that in general, people all over the world tend to be fundamentally kind and decent and well-intentioned, at least at the individual level. Where you get into trouble is when people act in groups, then, as is the case with reddit, like any other mob, they tend to be stupid, easily-manipulated and often ugly. It's also worth mentioning that there is a small subset of humans --genuine psychopaths, narcissists and the like-- who really *are* objectively terrible and evil people.
Said observation has nothing whatsoever to do with political leanings. You only need to watch Sacha Baron-Cohen's work to see that even the most conservative Americans will go far out of their way to be polite and kind and generous to foreigners on an individual basis. In Baron-Cohen's work, things only turn ugly when the American "boobs" he's taking advantage of for the sake of satire feel that they are being lied to or mocked. Tellingly, until then they tend to bend over backwards to make him feel comfortable which perhaps ironically reveals something that Baron-Cohen probably never intended; that is, that most conservative Americans are actually fundamentally decent people on an individual basis.
&gt; Do this, create a suit using similar techniques, but black bear hide instead. Then put it over a man in hiking garb - cargo pants and whatnot. You'll find the hair length, color, growth patterns, and girth will be very similar. But no one studying this wants to do that, as they're not actually trying to disprove anything. Meaning absolutely no disrespect, why don't *you* do it? You have the idea, seem to have a plan, and as a professed skeptic have nothing to lose by attempting it. Hell, you might actually gain from it. After all, I'm not sure that it really makes sense to expect that those of us who "know" or believe that bigfoot is real would have any desire at all to go to the trouble of trying to reproduce the PG film. In any case, my personal opinion is that no mater how convincingly you were able to show that the PG film can't easily be reproduced using 1967 technology, people would find reasons to dismiss it regardless. Sad to say, but it really is true that a type-specimen is the only evidence that will ever settle the matter once and for all.
&gt; that exactly matches his personal vision of what the creature would look like (right down to the breasts). It's fishy. It may be, but then you have to explain why his "personal vision" happens to so closely correspond to the thousands of eyewitness accounts that predate the PG film. If he did simply invent a creature, he clearly did it with reference to a vast compendium of preexisting accounts and not only on the basis of his own imagination. That raises the question of what --even if the PG film is fake-- people are talking about when they report having seen creatures that look virtually identical to "Patty."
Also, if it's fake, why would you site it specifically in a remote corner of the Klamath-Siskiyous orogeny that just happens to also be a hotspot for prior sightings? If it was fake, you could just as well do it anywhere, at least on the west coast. There'd be no reason to travel to one of the most remote locations when --if it was fake-- you could just as easily do it a few hours outside of Portland or Seattle.
Totally agree. While I have never actually seen the big fellas, I am personally acquainted with, and/or good friends with, people who have. I myself have had two experiences that are utterly confounding and the like of which I've only found in other bigfoot encounters. I ask people to put themselves in my shoes; what would they think, how would or could they make sense of it?
Even then they would have thought of themselves as "British" before they thought of themselves as "Canadian," with the obvious exception of the indigenous allies who would have identified primarily with their respective tribes/nations.
Scarcely. National identity cannot be applied after the fact without verging into the ahistorical, which is what this post is about. If they didn't think of themselves as "Canadian" then, it doesn't make sense to retroactively apply the term to them now.
Not at all. Russia, and Russian national identity were things that existed prior to WW2 and that accordingly existed during the Soviet Union. What you are saying is that a nationality that didn't even exist should be given credit for participation. It does not follow.
&gt;They discovered a tribe of small, hairless, humans in Brazil in 2018 We're going to need a reference for this. I am a science-writer by trade and have an undergrad degree in anthro and I have no idea what you're referring to here. There are a handful of nominally uncontacted tribes in Brazil, but as far as we know, there aren't any that are completely unknown since they've almost always had some contact with other indigenous groups who in turn tell outsiders that they are out there. There are cases where uncontacted groups have never been seen and/or *officially* confirmed and are simply rumored to exist, and there was at least one case of such a group being confirmed in Brazil in 2018, which may be what you're thinking of. That said, the idea that bigfoots may simply be a hairy tribe of anatomically modern homo sapiens (AMHS) does not hold water for me for several reasons. The first is that unlike every other AMHS culture or tribe that we know of --including even pre-modern homo sapiens-- bigfoot appears to have no real material culture, doesn't make or use tools any more complex than what we see in the other great apes, and like the other great apes, doesn't appear to create anything like symbolic art. The second is that AMHS simply doesn't live the way bigfoot *must* live if it's an actual species. Every single example of small-scale AMHS societies that we know of lives in small bands of about 30 to 150 individuals, whereas all of the best evidence indicates that bigfoot lives in small nuclear family groups of no more than five or six individuals at the most, but often less. My third objection has to do with the use of fire. There is a fairly substantial, if not totally conclusive, body of work suggesting that AMHS's foray out of Africa to eventually take over the entire world, was in part triggered/enabled by our finally having achieved a degree of mastery over fire, such that we could make it when needed, could control it once we'd made it, and rapidly learned to use it as a way of increasing our caloric intake from various foods. Bigfoot doesn't have fire, and it is very difficult to imagine that any group of AMHS could ever exist for long in such a state. Fire is part of who we are, part of how we create and maintain our edge over all the other species. I would argue that any group that does not have fire cannot be considered AMHS. It may be possible, but it's undocumented in science. So what are sasquatch? In my opinion they are clearly apes --as are we-- and my guess is that they probably share a more recent common ancestor with us than they do with any other extant primates. My guess is that they are a relict hominin species that crossed over Beringia in very small numbers --long before AMHS did-- and were basically part of the ice-age mega-fauna ecosystem that typified North America before AMHS came on the scene and hunted everything to extinction. In the sasquatch's original pre-human world, there were several species of giant saber-toothed cats, giant ground sloths, giant short-faced bears, dire wolves, mammoths and any number of other very tough customers. As such, if you were going to be a reasonably clever ape --but not so clever that you knew how to do fire and actual weapons-- you needed to be big and bad, but also stealthy. That's how we ended up with these oversized but exceptionally stealthy apes, and that's why I think it's utterly impossible that sasquatch/bigfoot could possibly be an unusually hairy and large tribe of AMHS.
Various native American tribes refer to them in a variety of different ways depending on their cultural prejudices. It's a mistake to think of Native American knowledge of bigfoot or sasquatch as a single monolithic body of knowledge or wisdom. The truth is that there is a great deal of variation in how tribes account for bigfoot. What's not controversial is that almost every single one of them has some kind of tradition revolving around the existence of something that very much resembles bigfoot.
Have you read it? I have to think not since it is nothing like what you describe. Meldrum may be out on an academic limb when it comes to how seriously he takes sasquatch, but his biological sketch of the animal is solid as fuck and is based purely on legitimate field research. Given that there are very few legitimate scientists who are willing to put their name on sasquatch research, I personally think that Meldrum does us all a favor by assuming the species' existence and then desribing, in scientific terms, its behavior. It's the best thing we have going and even though I myself am only a science-writer and not an actual scientist, as someone who has had multiple encounters, I have to respect his work.
Exactly.
Dig it while you can, man. I'm 50 and my dad died when I was 40, due to long-term alcoholism. He was a damn fine human being, but the war in Vietnam fucked him up in ways that he never fully recovered from. He could build houses from scratch and could completely tear apart and rebuild any motor vehicle that was made prior to the '90s. He built a road and a bridge into his remote Northern Californian property, down miles of dirt roads, built a house out there, and then slowly drank himself to an early death. I miss my dad.
Unfortunately most of rural Oregon, especially east of the Cascade Crest, is hardcore Trump country. You can be pretty insulated from it if you live in Portland or along the I5 corridor, but there are some very ugly long-term currents just below the surface in Oregon. Remember, Oregon was originally founded as a whites-only state.
No maps. In any case, as later expeditions would learn, Hells Canyon wasn't necessarily any better than crossing the Bitterroots in terms of hardship.
By volume it is the 2nd largest watershed in North America.
Southern California is arid. Northern California is much wetter and, in places along the North Coast, can get more than 70 inches per year, which is much wetter than most of Oregon. People often don't realize it, but the Pacific Northwest really begins in Northern California and extends all the way up into Southeastern Alaska.
&gt; Doesn't this logic apply to many other countries' nationalist claims too, though? Absolutely! We're only picking on the Canadians because they happen to be the subject of this post. By all means please do feel free to post about the many other examples that exist.
TBF, the film is over 50 years old. For my money that's plenty of time to make up one's mind about it.
Also the fact that it's totally irrelevant since CGI didn't exist in 1967.
&gt; Also they found bigfoot the first day they went looking. Not at all. Patterson had been researching bigfoot sightings since the '50s and had specifically been to Bluff Creek at least once five years earlier.
&gt; Realistically what numbers would there have to be too sustain a population ? Without knowing more about their reproductive biology, we can only speculate based on humans and the other great apes, which doesn't get us very far.
That is a deeply stupid thing to say, whether you think it's real or not.
OP is asking others for their opinion, not because he is in doubt himself, but rather because he wants to see what others think and is interested in courteous debate.
Really? Show us then. Put together a costume that successfully replicates this "obvious" fake, film it, and post the results on this sub. If it's the blatant fake you say it is, it should be easy to replicate, so put your money where your mouth is and do it. You would be doing us all a favor. Just know that many far more qualified and intelligent people than yourself have already tried and none has ever come even remotely close. That fact doesn't prove that it's real, but it does show how stupid your comment is.
It *does* look like "the gorilla type apes" from the movie? Really? Show me. If what you allege is true, it should be a small matter to do a side by side comparison of movie stills with the PG film. Go ahead and do it if you are so sure. Lay it on me dude, I am more than ready to be proved wrong in this regard. That said, I won't hold my breath.
Your dogmatic insistence in the face of compelling evidence is the definition of bad science.
By volume into the sea, and only freshwater. There's a reason the St Lawrence doesn't show up on this map.
As far as I know, you are within your rights to shoot said dogs if they come on your property and are acting aggressively towards people or animals. My dad shot a neighbor's dog for a similar reason and while the neighbor was pissed, he had no legal recourse and wisely --my dad was a Vietnam combat vet and not a dude you wanted to fuck with-- let it go. And that was in California which isn't exactly known for having lax gun laws.
&gt; if the state starts passing unconstitutional laws. Fortunately *you* don't get to decide what is and isn't constitutional. That is left to your intellectual superiors.
That's because it's almost impossible to solve political conflicts militarily. This is so fucking obvious and has been for decades. How many times do we need to relearn the lesson that we supposedly learned in Vietnam?
Also, the sooner we all do away with the fiction that the American right isn't ultimately motivated by race and misogyny, the better off we'll all be. You cannot scratch the surface of any major right-wing issue without immediately finding that it's at least in part about maintaining the privilege and authority of white men. common sense gun regulation is no exception.
Of course not. I hope you don't imagine that I think they do. My dad was certainly not happy about it, but he was a hard man --I think because of what he'd experienced in the war-- and he wasn't playing games when he told the neighbor to control his dog. People need to understand that rules matter and you never know who you are fucking with.
It was a similar though not identical situation. This dog, together with it's owners, was creating trouble for the entire small backwoods valley. My dad shot the dog, confronted the owners, and later dealt with a meth lab when they tried to move into the valley too. Most of his neighbors loved my dad. He was a large, good-natured and deeply humorous family Guy, but he was also a Vietnam vet who'd seen hardcore combat and did not play around at all. He chased the meth cooks off by walking the fence line with an AK47 with a big banana-clip. He told them, "I've been in plenty firefights, have you?". They left the valley. It simply wasn't worth it.
Not in California they aren't, at least not up there. There's hunting and fishing and camping up there, but it's not like back east where there's always a farm or a road or something in the next holler. It's wide open Western mountains and plains for hours and days in all directions.
How many times do we have to see that Pelosi is crafty as fuck, knows exactly what she's doing, and understands how to play the media for her own ends in ways that consistently confound her opponents? Say what you want about Pelosi, but she's clearly one of the great political strategists of her day.
For the record, my dad was hardcore, again, I think in part because of Vietnam. I myself would probably not have shot the dog. He was a good and kind man, but if you fucked with him in any way he would come down on you like a ton of deeply unforgiving bricks.
He's always looking for new accounts. I contacted him just to say something about experiences I've had on the Gifford-Pinchot NF not far from where he claims to have had an encounter. He contacted me, but I'm not really interested in discussing it publicly, I told him as much, and I haven't heard from him since. My feeling is that he's got more people who want to go public with their stories than he has time to actually incorporate in the pod. I could well be wrong. Who knows?
What's being discussed is beforehand knowledge of his tweets. If you knew a day ahead of time that he was going to make a tweet that would effect markets, you could alter your position to make a shitload of money, which of course would be highly illegal.
Evidently. Probably didn't expect to be caught.
They've been reported in every state in the lower 48, but appear to favor wooded environments.
The Pacific Northwest is the richest environment --temperate rainforest-- of it's kind on the planet. Consider that the area's indigenous tribes were able to achieve nearly state-level social organization --purely on the basis of maritime resources and the salmon harvest-- without the benefit of organized agriculture.
Interesting about the tan color. There are numerous reports of tan-colored sightings in Southern California and Southern Sierra Nevada. I'm not necessarily a big proponent of sub-species or "tribes," but it does seem like Southern California accounts for more "tan" specimens than elsewhere.
And your point is?
Here's what a lot of people don't understand; when the US system was invented, while there were antecedents for a lot of the basic concepts, it was basically the first democracy of it's kind, which is to say that the founders didn't have other examples to look at and had to make educated guesses about how things would work. They were pretty smart guys and got a lot right, but they were also products of their time and got a lot wrong. So it wasn't a great system to start with --not least because in order to get the slave states on board they had to grant inordinate power rural white men-- and then, to make matters worse, because they didn't trust one another, they deliberately made the system very difficult to change. So it's not really that our system is stupid --again, the founders were smart guys-- it's that it's the oldest, almost like a beta version, accordingly has a lot of bugs in it, and is deliberately difficult to change.
This is one way you get hybrid populations. There were similar examples in the US in the 1930s when, due to the government's extermination policies, lone female wolves could no longer find mates. Actual wolf packs are typically not friendly with dogs and will kill them if possible or simply avoid them if not.
Yawn. This is getting pretty boring. You need to try harder dude.
They are primarily mid-sized digger pines and mixed broadleaf deciduous, primarily scrub oak and the like. Accordingly they are nowhere near as large as interior or coastal redwoods and are basically just regular sized trees. Source; I used to fish there, specifically right below the dam. It's been over 20 years since I was last there, but it's easy to see that the surrounding forest-type hasn't changed at all. The area is semi-arid foothills leading up into the Northern Sierra/Southern Cascade Crest. It's not far from the town of Paradise, which may ring a bell as it recently burned to the ground.
Not only that, but the Irish Sea is actually Gulf Stream water, which means that it comes from the tropics and is warmer than it looks. Western Europe is warmer than similar latitudes in North America for precisely this reason. Line up North Wales with a similar latitude on the North American west coast, and you're basically looking at British Columbia with a current coming straight down out of Alaska which really is freezing as fuck. The mid-oceanic currents are incredibly important for understanding local climates, and the British Isles are no exception.
I remember too. He was wrong then and would be wrong now. China was and still is the real threat. Putin is bad news, but he's been punching above his weight for a long time now while his economy continues to stagnate. In the end he is nothing compared to the looming juggernaut that is China. A reckoning is coming.
You are badly confused about who is downplaying the threat of Russia. What planet do you live on where Trump supporters are "leftists?".
He doesn't get to make that call. Congress controls the purse-strings. It's explicitly laid out in this thing we have that's called The US Constitution. You should look into it, it's fun reading and you've obviously never read it.
That's a pretty trite way of looking at it. I can think of many reasons why someone might choose to join the military while not being fully on-board with how politicians choose to use it.
One reason is that many of the most reputable researchers/organizations (NAWAC is a great example) have rightly become skeptical that video evidence can ever be of much value. Recall that over 50-years-ago Patterson and Gimlin shot a brief film that they assumed would basically close the case on the existence of bigfoots --or at least force the subject to be taken seriously-- but that to this day is still vociferously decried as a fraud even though no one has ever been able to reproduce it using then-available technology. It's unfortunate, but at this point it is abundantly clear that only a type-specimen will answer, and that is what the most serious researchers are now focused on. As for this sub turning into a forum for sasquatch-related arts and crafts, I'm not a big fan of it, but it is what it is, and it's easy enough to simply ignore such posts.
&gt; There have always been stories though To be fair, that actually redounds to their credibility. The fact that these stories have been so consistent across time is one of the primary reasons they ought to be taken seriously. If they were something that sprung into existence at some discrete point in time, that alone would be grounds for deep skepticism.
That's a ludicrous leap, one that I think says far more about you than it does about /u/swmocrt. While I think there's a place for respectful and well-reasoned skepticism on this sub, I also very much understand the frustration that people feel with regard to a certain type of knee-jerk denialism that wants to pass itself off as reasonable while in actuality being little better than simply saying "nuh-uh, *you're* stupid." There are many here who have had real experiences that can't be easily explained by accepted science and that "coincidentally" happen to agree perfectly with hundreds of years of similar witness accounts. You can't really blame us for taking offense at basically being dismissed as liars, or simply confused or somehow crazy.
Interesting. I am well aware of the term "digger," --not an accident that it rhymes with another well-known racial slur-- but didn't know that the pines were deliberately eponymous, though I suppose it makes sense. I will put it down to age and the fact that I no longer live in California. When I was a forestry major back in the early '90s at HSU, "digger" pine was still the norm, at least at the undergraduate level. For the record, "digger" was originally meant to apply to the Great Basin tribes --Utes, Paiutes and such-- and was only later applied to the non-Mission tribes in parts of California.
Absolutely agree. The problem, again, is that they deliberately made it very difficult to do, not least because you'd be asking certain privileged classes of people to give up some of their power, power that was ceded to them as part of a set of compromises that brought the slave states on board.
Why? You can't expect us to take such an assertion seriously in the absence any explanation.
Or as John Muir described the High Sierra; "A Range of Light," by which he meant "range" as in "mountain range." I'm still a bit leery of the idea that we'd see much regional variation up and down the west coast, but of course no one really knows. While I grew up on California's North Coast --Sonoma, Mendocino, Humboldt-- there are several generations of my dad's extended family in and around Merced and parts south, so I'm definitely familiar with the area and how it looks.
Q: What's the difference between a swamp and a marsh? A: A swamp has trees.
What glacier? Ireland hasn't had any glaciers since the Pleistocene. Global climate change is real, but let's not undermine our credibility by getting basic facts wrong.
To the contrary, we're sure it's very definitely *not* a glacier. There are no glaciers in Ireland and haven't been for tens of thousands of years. Ireland would have to have Alaska-sized mountains in order to have glaciers. It does not have Alaska-sized mountains and accordingly does not have glaciers.
No. They do not age well.
It's mostly just kids saying typical stupid kid shit.
Vikings doesn't have much to do with history either, just FYI.
An empire, if you can keep it! In the event, they could not. For while the Mongols had a host of institutions admirably adapted to the conquest of additional lands, they wholly lacked the institutions that would've allowed them to administer said conquests with any longevity, and indeed, it's no accident that their empire lasted longest where it was able to appropriate the administrative institutions of older Chinese and Persian (for example) civilizations.
Steppe, but otherwise yes.
This is undoubtedly in line with the actual truth. There's zero reason to expect that the Mongols suddenly, quite arbitrarily, lost their military know-how in India. It's a far simpler explanation to posit that something else, likely climate-related, compromised the technologies and tactics they were accustomed to relying on. My personal guess, inexpert though it may be, is that they got bogged down in tropical climates for a suite of reasons, none of which are even remotely related to military brilliance on the part of the then extant Indian nations.
"Beware and take care of the Bight of Benin, one man comes out for every hundred goes in!". This little piece of doggerel arose from the West African slave trade and as you say, very much was all about tropical disease.
In the early 19th century also known as "Jesuit's Bark." It was the primary treatment for malaria.
Scarcely. Nothing was more important than figuring out that the mosquito was the primary vector in tropical disease.
I don't think we're a legitimate country anymore. It may be time to break up the US. What good do we get out of being a single country?
I mean, it's plenty of evidence for anyone who's reasonably informed and has a shred of intellectual honesty, but obviously that's not the demographic we need to convince.
That would only hold if the existing evidence wasn't overwhelming already and if precedent --from Watergate-- didn't already exist.
By definition ridicule begets silence. This is not controversial in any way. I want to tell you what I have seen and experienced, but if I know you won't believe me, if I know you will chuckle and think I'm crazy or confused or stupid, why would I ever say anything? Again, as I said, ridicule begets silence.
I don't have an opinion as to the veracity that footage, but I will say that I had an encounter, back in the 80s, in the Klamath-Siskiyou Mountains of which Marble Mountain is a part. For my money the Klamath-Siskiyous are the most underrated orogeny in the US, possibly because they are so remote from any major population centers, but also, I believe, because unlike every other major western range, they aren't home to a national park. (Allegedly this is because big resource-extraction industries did everything they could to make sure that they wouldn't be, knowing as they did, that their remoteness necessarily confers a degree of obscurity in the eye of the American public. Obviously Redwood NP is a possible exception, but I would argue that it's on the coast and isn't really a part of the mountains.)
I've always liked this one. Unlike the PG footage it could easily be faked, so I don't attach a lot of significance to it either way, but it strikes me as a weird way to do a hoax.
Too right. I am not a skeptic, I "know" sasquatch is real based on several personal experiences, but I 100% agree that video evidence will never be convincing for a suite of reasons including those that you mention. The truth is that at this point nothing will do but an actual type-specimen. We need a body, and anyone who's serious about the issue knows this and has known it for decades.
There are two types of "skepticism" that I dislike. One is the dismissive ridiculing type that I think we're all familiar with. The second is the simple statement of opinion without an explanation for how said opinion was arrived at. These are less offensive than the first, but they are largely pointless since a simple statement of opinion leaves nothing to discuss. Unfortunately, we get plenty of both around here.
Kelly isn't a grifter or a fascist. I don't share his politics at all, but by all accounts he is a decent and honorable man who stupidly accepted a position in the administration because he thought he might be able to do some good. What little good he was able to achieve is surely irrelevant now, and the long-term damage to his reputation and legacy far outweighs it.
I hate what the country has become.
&gt; Why is it that someone who sees what they think is bigfoot suddenly becomes too scared to share their real names? Hmmmm, why might that be? Just reading some of the comments in this thread should give you at least an inkling of why. You will be subject to public ridicule and you will be called a liar, a crazy person, or an idiot. Short of being able to produce something truly and undeniably substantive, there's just not much incentive to go public. I know I wouldn't.
This is kind of a phony sentiment in that nobody actually argues that shitty photos prove anything.
People have run experiments wherein a group of people with cameras were told that a guy in an ape-suit would be in a certain heavily-wooded area and would deliberately try to stalk and make visual contact with them. Even knowing that the guy was out their and ostensibly having cameras at ready, no one was able to get a clear photo of the guy in the ape-suit. Now, this was a human, so he only had human-level physical abilities. Imagine how much more difficult it must be to get a clear photo of a much bigger, faster, stronger and nearly as intelligent creature that by all accounts has an unreal ability to blend into foliage. It's not at all conclusive, but said experiments (and I mean that in a loose non-scientific sense) do show that actually getting a clear photo of one of these guys may well be far more difficult than many seem to imagine.
I too have an extraneous 19-year-old and accordingly feel your pain.
This is damned good advice. Also, for the record and if anyone cares, it's never too late to get your shit together and have a good life. Take it from an old guy.
Also, thankfully, Trump is absolutely despised by the US military's senior officer corps. They won't say it publicly, but it's incredibly obvious if you know what to look for. They hate his fucking guts and frequently refer to him as "President Bone-spurs" in private. Only among the enlisted ranks will you find any heartfelt support for him, and even that is starting to slip. You may object that the enlisted ranks are the ones who do the actual fighting, which is mostly true, but it's only the senior officers who actually know how to run the giant and ridiculously complex machine that is the US military.
Suspended ceiling guys use them a lot too, for obvious reasons.
&gt; The problem with Bigfoot is that there is no proof. Zilch. This isn't quite right. There's plenty of evidence in the form of eyewitness accounts, tracks, recordings, unidentified organic matter and the like, the problem is that none of it is conclusive. To see that all of this qualifies as evidence, all you have to do is apply it to a known animal species. If you lived in a community where people suddenly began describing sightings of a large tawny cat, you had seen tracks that looked like mountain lion tracks, there was footage and audio recordings of something that looked and sounded like a mountain lion, you would be deeply stupid *not* to take it all as evidence that you had a mountain lion in the area. LE and animal control departments do it all the time. Again, it's not that there isn't plenty of evidence, it's that none of said evidence is conclusive. We need a specimen type. End of story.
I often wonder what I would think had I never had an encounter. I think I would be a "hopeful skeptic," but I had my first encounter when I was 15 and now I'm 50 and can't for the life of me remember what or how I thought about bigfoot prior to the encounter. I think that I didn't really have an opinion either way, but mostly thought it was possible. I grew up on California's North Coast and had always heard about bigfoots or sasquatch, but it wasn't something that I ever spent much time thinking about.
Not at all. We are only "weird" in comparison to the other known extant great apes. There's zero reason to think that we're "weird" in comparison to the many now-extinct species of hominins with which we must have shared the planet for hundreds of thousands of years.
Also, when I had my first encounter, bigfoot was the last thing on my mind. I was just a kid and while, having grown up on California's North Coast, I was definitely aware of bigfoot stories and rumors, it just wasn't something that I'd ever given much thought to. I certainly wasn't aware of the Patterson film even though it was shot a few hours north of where I grew up. All of which is just to say that far from "wanting" to see or experience anything bigfoot-related, the very idea wasn't wasn't even on my radar.
&gt; we all know it’s never gonna happen Do we? I guess I take umbrage with the certainty you claim. I know, as a personal fact, that bigfoot exists. As such I am definitely *not* on-board with this notion that "it's never gonna happen."
&gt; they say there are 4 ‘subtypes’ of bigfoot Personally, in the name of parsimony, I'm not a big fan of any hypothesis that posits multiple species in North America (I say nothing about the rest of the world as I am not well-informed enough to have a valid opinion). I do think that we may have several sub-species and that there may be significant sexual dimorphism together with developmental differences in maturity that account for the some of the morphological differences reported, but thus far I am not at all convinced that we need to posit anything like a suite of separate species.
Nor does it account for the consistency across time and place.
The fact that people keep reporting exactly the same thing is exactly *why* you should take it seriously. Again, I don't have a problem with skepticism. What I have a problem with is your simple rote dismissal, without explanation. Believe or think what you want, but don't tell me that I'm full of shit or confused without extending me the courtesy of telling me why.
No worries mate.
Absolutely agree, for whatever that's worth.
Buy it or not, I am a living and breathing example of exactly what you say cannot be true. I would be more than happy to come clean and publicly reveal what I've seen and heard if I thought for a minute that in doing so I wouldn't be subject to public ridicule. But I know better than that. Nobody wants to be laughed at, scoffed at, as some kind of crazy fuckwit who's so stupid or confused as to not be able to understand what they're seeing or hearing. You have a right to think that I am confused, you don't have a right to tell me that I didn't see or hear something that doesn't fit into what we normally expect out in the woods.
Too right my friend. Too fucking right.
Ethically it's much the same thing however. You're giving something of value to prevent something else being made public.
Trumpist overconfidence is your biggest weakness.
History will not be kind to you.
Have you seen the snow leopard?
Ain't no one got time fer all that readin', right Bubba? Damn hippy communiss!
They aren't cheap. You're looking at or around $150 USD for a legitimate one.
Jesus! I am not familiar with point fighting, but something tells me that he probably won't try that again.
There are numerous ways in which techniques from TMAs can be usefully incorporated into more complete fighting systems. It is simply untrue that they are without value. You come off as arrogant and lacking in humility.
"I totally meant to do that!"
It's what EO Wilson has called a "superorganism," meaning that all of its individual parts are able to work together as if the whole were a single organism. It's actually more complicated than that, but that's the gist. As for how they do it, typically bees use chemical signals that trigger specific behaviors that vary by "caste." That said, I am no expert and no doubt there's an entomologist around here who can give you the real.
Surely not? Moran has a very distinctive "panhandle" formation on its eastern face. I should know, having climbed it some 20-odd years ago. Of course you may be right regardless, depending on where the pic was taken. I spent 3 years in JH back in the early '90s, trying and failing to be a pro snowboarder, but I've only gone back once and may be badly confused in this instance.
While it's close to a lot of serious backcountry, this pic was taken in a pretty heavily traveled area. During summer it's tourist central.
The name was originally given by French voyageurs who would have first seen the Tetons from the Western/Idaho side, not from the eastern side as you describe. The view from the Rockefeller Parkway coming into GTNP is indeed impressive, but it's different from what one sees from the Idaho side where, for miles, all you can see are these giant peaks jutting up over a vast and distant tableland horizon. At that distance it's difficult to judge scale, and if you had no knowledge of the Tetons, seeing them from that vantage point must have been odd indeed. They look like weird somewhat titty-like peaks popping up from nowhere. All of the above said, there's a very valid and believable theory that the name originally never had anything to do with Frenchmen and instead derived from an indigenous word that was later mistaken for a joke. "Teton," for example, is definitely a word that exists in the Lakota language and clearly predates any francophone influence. The "Teton Lakota," was one way to refer to the Western Lakota, and it certainly had nothing at all to do with the mountains of the same name.
Deep down the idea of being sued into bankruptcy is part of the fun too, right? I don't know what the real backstory is here, maybe his buddies set it up? I don't know. What I do know is that if you pull this shit on unsuspecting citizens, you are definitely opening yourself up to a world of hurt in the form of lawsuits. You absolutely cannot subject random people to levels of trauma they didn't sign up for.
Chomsky is sometimes great, but by no means is he the great sage that reddit would have us believe in. For my money, the biggest thing he gets wrong is his willingness to attribute concerted collective agency to what is better understood as a reflection of human nature.
I lived in Jackson Hole for 3 years in the early '90s and 100 percent agree with you. There's a big part of me that wishes I would have stayed, but the pro-snowboarder thing didn't work out for me --I was never that good in the first place, and then injuries-- so I left and went back to school and had a different life that I'm pretty satisfied with. Now I live in Portland, have a family, and like you, am happy enough to be close to a lot of world-class scenery that I can share with my kids. If I had to live in a major US city, Portland and/or Seattle would be my first choice, so at least I've got that going for me.
Fair play. As I said, it's been decades since I've been back to the area. Gods, I miss it though! I am told by friends who still live in JH that it's even more of a Disneyland tourist freakshow than it was back in my day, but that it also still has an undercurrent of decent people who are there just for the lifestyle, and not because they're filthy-rich.
As I said above, I climbed Moran, back in the early'90s. Good call to ski the skillet if you have the skills. We climbed it in summer and actually spent a lot more time getting back down than we did going up. Granted, we were stupid and overconfident 20-something-year-old kids and the weather turned nasty. It was dark by the time we got back down to the lower mountain, even though we'd made an alpine start.
I like it. It's clearly an Audubonesque take on the species in that it's more of a perfect version than we would see in any single individual, but in general, it gives us a sense of what said species is alleged to look like. Of course, unlike Audubon, the artist is not working from a type-specimen. Edit; the more I look at this pic, the more I am convinced that it's no more than a somewhat human face grafted on to a silverback gorilla. Your true Sasquatch is much bigger, has broader shoulders and less of a neck. He doesn't have the same hunched-up look that we see in gorillas because his lower ribcage doesn't flair outwards as much and instead is more human-like as one would expect we're it supported by a pelvis and spine capable of habitual bipedalism.
She was psychologically unprepared. I don't really follow the private lives of fighters because I don't really care, but to my uneducated eye, she always acted a bit erratically, not unlike someone with a history of low-grade mental illness. I think she has some long-standing issues and simply wasn't up to handling the pressure of preparing for a fighter of Nunes's caliber.
He didn't "duck" him. You have to at least be in the same weight class to "duck" an opponent. It was a calculated and perfectly legitimate decision to not move up to a higher weight class while he was already enjoying unprecedented success in his own, to say nothing of facing many fearsome challengers.
You also have to make it through training at Quantico, which I am told isn't all that difficult, but if you fuck up at all, you're out.
Convince me of it. For my money, Antifa is a lot of stupid shit --which happens when you're just a label and not an actual organization-- as well as being fundamentally opposed to anything resembling fascism. These two things can easily be true at once.
Dude, it doesn't have to be a (pardon me) black or white issue. Any competent student of history will tell you that when civil unrest breaks out, it is *always* in consequence of longstanding injustice together with the fact that those engaged in said civil unrest feel that their voices will not otherwise be heard. When people believe that nothing they can do or say will make a difference, they take to violence, especially if they are angry young men. I do not and cannot condone violence and destruction, but neither can I condemn it with the language you use, knowing as I do that it arises from a place of generations of institutionalized bullshit. As for your accusation that I've never worked for anything and am an "uneducated reckless piece of shit," who the fuck do you think you are?! I am a 51-year-old man who's fought and struggled his entire life to get out of poverty and make a better life for my wife and kids. You know nothing about me, and to lay that on me simply because I disagree with you is pure and utter bullshit.
This is in keeping with a longstanding theory of mine to the effect that if you want to know what's up, watch the old fellers. They always know what's up when it comes to the lunker's.
Good on you for Bozeman. I have an old friend who's been a pro patroller at Bridger for decades. I've lost contact with him over the years, but I wouldn't be surprised if he wasn't still there. These days I have a house and family and career in Portland, mostly ride Mt Hood, but also Bachelor a few times a year, and love to get up to Baker and Snoqualmie and Crystal when I can. Also, on a good year, if you can get in on Mt Bailey's snowcat operation in Central Oregon, it is worth every penny. Still though, there's a part of me that misses the real mountain town vibe.
But in his case it's not just about respect. I think it's also that he's a genuinely kind person who goes out of his way to put people at ease. People pick up on that whether they're conscious of it or not. There are thousands of tiny non-verbal cues that govern our interactions with one another. This guy is obviously disarming, friendly and very empathic.
The most convincing explanation I've read is Acemoglu and Robinson's excellent book, "Why Nations Fail; the Origins of Power, Poverty and Prosperity." Ultimately their answer is that nations that lack inclusive institutions such as equal enforcement under the rule of law, fair and consistent contract enforcement, intellectual property rights protection, fair and equal voting rights and so forth, are doomed to failure because regular people don't feel that they have any stake in maintaining a status quo that only benefits the powerful. This in turn creates a situation where corruption is seen as the easiest path to advancement. Acemoglu and Robinson are admittedly on less sure ground when it comes to explaining why some countries are so much better at building said inclusive institutions, but they do posit a handful of ideas, many of which have to do with colonialism and simple quirks of history. The book was written long before anyone contemplated the idea that something as insane as Donald Trump being the US president could possibly happen, which is ironic and darkly funny, but nonetheless, its main arguments are still valid.
Unfortunately, while US legalization would be a great step in the right direction, it's not about to undo 500 years of corrupt Mexican governance. There is no simple switch that can be flipped. The cartels, while arguably more graphically brutal, aren't really all that different from the big crime families that have always ruled Mexico.
People do this kind of thing all the time without any recognition. I think it's great that this one was recorded so that those who may not have otherwise thought about doing such a thing can have a better understanding of what it looks and feels like. I myself am something of an introvert when it comes to random strangers in public. I'm friendly and helpful if approached, but otherwise, I'm generally impassive and wish to be left alone. These guys are a great example of why that's not always the best way to be a good and kind human being. Sometimes, breaking out of my public-facing shell may well be the best way to do some good, and I for one need the odd reminder.
Nonsense. You choose to view reality through a partisan lens. There are different ways to slice reactions.
At least read the article. She's Episcopalian.
It's because you compared him to Bush, who isn't mentioned in the post, instead of Trump, who in three years has already authorized more drone strikes than Obama did in eight. It seems intellectually dishonest, which people never like.
So is Trump's. What's your point?
I thought he was a Jew. Are you telling me that Jews aren't white?
I think r/askhistorians has a link on it under it's FAQ section. In any case, the upshot is that the evidence for Jesus's existence as a historical person is pretty conclusive and not seriously disputed by anyone with legitimate credentials. One way to look at it is what would have to be true if he were purely fictional, which quickly devolves to absurdity.
Well excuse the fuck out of us if we're a little preoccupied with the shitstorm that's currently engulfing our country! You might be a little focused on Trump were he your president. The man is a disaster of a human being. This shit ain't funny anymore.
He is to us.
That would explain why he's so small. Around these parts we have jack rabbits as big as full grown deer. They ain't no joke; tear a cat to shreds in seconds.
It's easily one of the most higlhy-controlled airspaces on the planet.
They would almost certainly be able to find out where the drone launched from --they all have on-board GPS-- as well as where and when it was originally sold. From there they would start narrowing it down. Despite what the Trumpists would have us believe, the FBI is no joke.
I think we're all pretty cynical these days.
They'd fix it with a Sharpie.
It's far more rigorous than simply assuming there's no effect being measured at all, especially when, as OP says, the evidence consists of decades of robust statistical analyses. That said, you aren't wrong that it's not as rigorous as anyone would like, but that kind of comes with the territory in the social sciences
And yet, it's absurd to imagine that dog whistles *don't* exist. You yourself probably use some form of dog whistle among your friends, family and co-workers all the time. Coded language, or language that's understood by certain people to have a meaning beyond it's literal interpretation, is definitely a thing, so that's not the question. The question is how to detect and describe it on large scales with regard to its influence on voting, and for my money statistical analysis of some sort is almost certainly going to get you the most mileage.
This thread could sure use a little custodial attention. Half of the commenters clearly didn't even read the article and have no idea what they're talking about. This sub could greatly benefit from stricter moderation.
What the US had was the benefit of a much older essentially Anglo culture together with all of its institutions, basically unlimited space and natural resources, and two big oceans that made it exceedingly difficult for any of the world's major powers to attack. That's not nothing, but it's still not quite the same as Russian, German, Japanese or British power which were all part of much longer national histories.
People don't want to hear it, I guess because of how heroic that generation seems, but you are almost certainly 100 percent correct. Human nature is the one constant throughout all of human history. You can shuffle and reshuffle everything else, but in the end, people do what they do because that's who we are, that's how humans act in that situation. This may seem like a tautology, and it kind of is, but it's also true that we really do see people doing the same kinds of things, with regional and chronological variation, again and again. To borrow from Dan Carlin, it's not a "greatest generation" thing, it's a human thing. This is how we all act.
Also worth mentioning the Stephen Ambrose book that said series was based on. Ambrose hasn't aged well as it appears that he plagiarized various items, but he still did some good work.
That's nice. Fortunately, it *did* inspire the men who participated in D-Day. Combat vet or not, Eisenhower was the best man for the job.
It's worth noting that popular opposition to US involvement in WW2 was largely based on Irish and German-American --The two largest immigrant groups in US history-- antipathy towards helping the British on the one hand --Ireland had only recently achieved independence-- and fighting German relatives on the other. While it was portrayed at the time as isolationism, one need only look at who was promoting said isolationism in order to see that, as with most political issues, it was really a case of people creating an architecture of ideology in support of a deeper belief or desire. As for Eisenhower, I think you misunderstand his role. The war and the fighting and dying was going to happen regardless of who was in charge. It was not in anyone's interest to settle for a less capable officer simply because he'd seen combat. Eisenhower was by all accounts the best man for the job and that's why he got it.
No, but I do know that whatever it was, it didn't result in any kind of brutality that's materially different from what we see in the other cartels that *didn't* receive SOA training.
Fair play. Your willingness to concede the issue is rare and I salute your strength of character in so doing. That said, it's worth noting that no one, aside from the deeply religious, seriously argues that the Christian version of Jesus has much to do with historical reality. That was never the question among serious biblical historians.
True, but then it would have to be home-made using parts that could be traced back to various purchase points that in turn could be used to triangulate on a suspect. For whatever it's worth, I do have an FCC-issued UAV license and am not wholly uninformed on this matter, though I do not claim to be an expert.
Good luck man! The Central Oregon Cascades is a known region. I'm based in Portland and have my own area that I study. You will want to keep specifics under your hat.
The intensity was a little different though. In the Pacific, if you were engaged with the enemy, it was non-stop to the death 24/7, whereas GIs in Vietnam could spend days and weeks slogging through jungle and rice paddies punctuated by brief moments of terror during firefights, snipers and booby traps. Of course there was a lot of variation, I'm just going with the stereotypes.
But you can't expect either the Soviets or the Americans to just hand the whole of Korea over to the other side after just having fought and won the bloodiest war in human history. It would have been political suicide in the US while the Soviets, after losing something like 10 million people, were in no mood for charity either.
WTF are you talking about? No they aren't.
That's total bullshit. My old man said that he saw plenty of Confederate flags stateside, but that once he got to Vietnam and the bullets started flying and guys realized they'd have to rely on black soldiers if they wanted to stay alive, the Confederate flags all magically disappeared. Clearly they knew *exactly* what that flag represented to black GIs. Don't come on here and trot out some bullshit line about how it's not about color or race. You know it is and so did all those southern GIs.
That's funny, it took me all of about five seconds to figure out that different countries use different formats and I haven't really thought about it since. But you do you, I guess.
I think it's hilarious.
You're right that he loves exploiting division, but I think you are mistaken that he loves this. This makes it look like he's not fully in control which, since everything has to be about him, he hates. He particularly hates it because it looks like the NFL owners, a "club" that specifically declined to have him as a member, are directly contradicting his direct orders, which they are.
Sure but the NFL didn't do this to "own" Trump, they did it because they think it's good for their bottom line, which is a little different. I just find it mildly amusing that he's so butthurt about it.
&gt; Every country does it Too the contrary, playing the natl anthem before domestic league games is relatively uncommon internationally. I don't think the US is the only country that does it, but we're definitely in the minority.
What about other sports though? I guarantee you the US military isn't paying shit to MLS, which has mostly foreign born players in any case, as well as three Canadian teams, and yet they do it too. I don't have strong feelings about it either way, but I can certainly see why people from other countries might find it odd.
Canada does it too, but maybe that's just due to proximity, and certainly they don't take it anywhere near as seriously as the American right does. That said, the right wing argument in favor of it is that in a nation that's based on a set of documents rather than a shared ethnicity, national history or geography, it's important to frequently reaffirm our commitment. There are obviously a lot of flaws in that argument and I don't espouse it, I'm just telling you what they would say if asked. For whatever it's worth, there are far right figures in the UK who think it's a great idea that should be adopted. I don't remember her name, but I heard an interview with one of your crazier pundits who was all for it.
I think this is basically right. We are hereditary enemies and they have evolved a suite of characteristics that make them very good at staying away from us.
This is the correct answer. Also, nice username.
There's enough evidence out there that at this point, if you're familiar with all of it but are still a skeptic, the only thing that will satisfy you is a type-specimen or an encounter. I think a lot of researchers realize this and accordingly are no longer especially focused on things like photos, videos or tracks. What's the point? You will be insulted by the skeptics no matter how convincing it is. We've seen it time and time again.
DNA alone won't do it because although we can say it's anomalous or of unknown primate origin, that alone doesn't prove anything. We need a type-specimen, preferably an entire body, but a hand or a head would also do it. Then, said specimen has to have a strict chain of custody and has to be examined and documented by qualified scientists who will then publish their findings or present them to the public in a carefully controlled way. I think it can and eventually will happen, but we have to be patient. It's an immensely difficult challenge for a variety of reasons. Finally, there's the issue of the government which many people will tell you is deliberately suppressing public knowledge of sasquatch. I'm personally skeptical or at least agnostic on that front, but there's enough smoke to where it seems like it oughtta at least be considered as a possible hurdle. I know for a fact, for example --through personal experience-- that bigfoot's existence is widely accepted among USFS and BLM employees, though they are often reluctant to admit it.
I don't know, the BFF has a pretty low signal-to-noise ratio as well. You have to sort through a lot of chaff to get to the wheat over there. You're probably right on the whole, but I don't think there's any harm in this sub aspiring to become more relevant.
I think you ought to have a more strictly coastal or maritime route as well. There's already a tons of evidence that sasquatch flourishes in the SE Alaskan and British Columbian islands, so it would seem logical to me to imagine that they used that route out of Beringia and into the greater Americas.
I think this is right. I think that especially back east where there's so many more people and their habitat is so fragmented, they frequently occur in surprising proximity to the "built" environment. Even in Oregon and Washington where I am, it's not uncommon that encounters are reported in surprisingly populated areas. I think they prefer to stay in remote areas where and when possible, but it's also true that they have no problem with moving through populated areas if they feel it's necessary. There are reports from all over the Willamette Valley, for example. You'd think that if they wanted to travel from the lush Coast Range to the Cascades, they would head south and through the Klamath-Siskiyou Range, but that's not what it looks like they necessarily do.
Because this is not the kind of tyranny that the NRA has in mind. The modern NRA has a very specific set of political agendas and should never be understood as being opposed to governmental overreach in general. To the contrary, the modern NRA is explicitly right-wing and accordingly is only interested in opposing "tyranny" when governmental regulation runs counter to the interests of what's become almost an ethno-nationalist organization. Accordingly, the modern NRA is not consistent in any way and has no coherent ideology beyond a general dislike for anyone or anything that would unseat whiteness from its position of entitled power. The modern NRA uses that conviction --that white preeminence is under threat-- as a foundation upon which to build an architecture of political beliefs that are outwardly less obviously offensive, but that in the end, all ultimately boil down to the same thing, that is, the continuation of white dominance in the US.
Here in Oregon you are automatically registered when you go to the DMV (Department of Motor Vehicles), which, while not perfect, is definitely a step up over a lot of other states.
Jesus fuck!
Three things; timing, precision and technique. Timing: great strikers don't simply hit their opponents, they create collisions so that their opponent's energy plays a role in the impact. Precision: good strikers have great aim and always land their strikes where they will do the most damage, often specifically in ways that use the opponent's energy against them. Technique: great strikers don't have to put effort into their strikes in the sense that you or I might think of it. Instead, they use technique, together with the above-mentioned aspects, to land devastating strikes with relatively low effort.
What officials? Only the people at the top are loyal to him, and that's not including the Pentagon which hates him. The rest of the entire administrative branch is in shambles and has been villified by him as the "deep state." In reality, he has very few friends or allies in government. What he does have is a percentage of the population that will follow him to the grave, and that's scary, but not crucial to the reigns of power.
Seems like he wants to say hi to the camera operator.
Despite what reddit would have us believe, the answer is unclear. It's also entirely possible that in keeping with basic human nature, he saw what he wanted to see and convinced himself that further questions were uneccessary. We don't know. Whatever the truth is, I doubt very much that it's simply an unnuanced black and white case of deliberate deception. Would he willingly have presented said "lies" before the UN had he known that he would face public humiliation when they were revealed as such? I doubt it. I don't absolve Powell, but I neither do I think he just flat out lied in the sense of deliberate deceit.
There are a lot of "never Trump" conservatives who don't really have a home in either political party. Powell is one of them. I'm not a huge fan of their politics, but I do respect those who have stood by their principles in open opposition to Trump and the contemporary GOP.
That would be metal as fuck! Fuck yeah! I'm a meat king! In fact, if I ever start a metal band, that'll probably be its name; Meat King!
What if it's self defense and you aren't willing to die but don't have a choice?
Fuck yeah!
There's also the ice-free corridor hypothesis regarding an intermittently open ice-free corridor in the interior of western Canada. Also, it looks like Native Americans are descended from at least two and possibly more groups that independently crossed from Beringia at different times in the distant past and that then interbred with each other throughout the Americas. It's possible to imagine something similar in Sasquatch, though of course it's all speculation for now.
I think it's a mistake to attribute anything like a single attitude towards Sasquatch on the part of Native Americans. As far as I can tell, attitudes vary a great deal by tribe and region, running the gamut from fear and hostility to indifference to, as you say, a sort of reverence. In any case, based on what I've read and been told, I don't think it's ever been the case that Sasquatches weren't rare, elusive and possessed of beyond-human powers of evasion. Too the contrary, I think they evolved in East Asia with a very specific aversion to contact with anatomically modern Homo Sapiens, and that they carried said aversion with them to the Americas. They instinctively prefer to live in remote regions and avoid contact with humans whenever possible, and always have done. Humans are dangerous and to be avoided at a costs.
That's precisely my point; people *aren't* publicly releasing videos or photos because it's abundantly clear that none of it matters, that they'll only be ridiculed, and that the only thing that will shut up the skeptics is a type-specimen. You need to work on your reading comprehension.
Or why the black kid didn't punch the shit out of him through the open window. Sure it's awkward, but I've seen it done with surprising success.
Too fuckin' right! I came here to learn about his medals, but no, first we gotta do polymers and regional temperatures. Really? Is this who we are? Unfortunately I know the answer.
Is he wearing jodhpurs and smoking a smallish briar?
This is true in part, but not the entire story by any means. Andrew Bacevich wrote about it pretty extensively in his 2005 book, *The New American Militarism; how Americans are Seduced by War.* Others have covered the issue extensively as well, but I particularly like Bacevich's perspective as a retired senior US military officer who is highly educated and articulate and who by natural inclination approaches the issue from a traditional center-right vantage. In other words, there is no questioning his credibility on the issue when he criticizes police militarism. Of course, matters have only worsened since 2005.
No more than you would in memory. So it's there, and you can construct it and understand and imagine the different parts, but it's never a fully visual representation as in a movie or real life. I think it's a mistake to imagine that a book can trigger anything in our minds that's somehow unbound by our existing neurological architecture.
Oh, I got you. Well, let's just take the most obvious example; the PG film. It's been around for over 50 years and even though it is regularly mocked and ridiculed, for some reason, no one has ever come even remotely close to reproducing it, even though it should be easy if it really was just a guy in an ape suit. No one claims that the PG film is objective proof that a bipedal non-human primate exists in North America, only that it's deeply intriguing evidence that deserves to taken seriously. But even that is evidently too much to ask. So, given the intransigence with which even high-quality footage like PG film has always been met, many of the most competent people in the field of Sasquatch research aren't really interested in obtaining and making public video or photographic evidence. It will only be dismissed, just as was the PG film and every other bit of video. It's now widely recognized that only a type-specimen will do. Possibly a head or a hand, but preferably the entire body of an adult Sasquatch. This in turn obviously means that one has to be shot as Sasquatches clearly live in family groups and never leave their dead lying about in the forest. There are a few groups that I think are close to getting it done. I think the NAWAC is a good contender, they having quite possibly managed to tag a Sasquatch with a tracking device, among a handful of other rather astonishing feats.
I'm much more qualified to speak to native California and Southwest Oregon as that's where I did my undergrad anthro field work. In that region, the Klamath-Siskiyou "knot" of mountains and coastal rainforests, Sasquatches were thought of as a tribe of mountain-dwelling canabalistic giants. In keeping with related traditions in the Pacific Northwest up through Oregon all the way up into SE Alaska, they were thought to deliberately target small children and, to a lesser extent, women. However, they were also generally acknowledged to not be especially aggressive and if one encountered a bigfoot, the best thing was either to not acknowledge it --so long as it didn't know it'd been seen-- or to turn around and promptly vacate the area while taking pains not to show signs of panic.
Well, lemme correct you on that point right off; humans never "trekked the ice-sheet." There was never a time when humans were capable of crossing thousands of miles of ice. The idea is that over thousands of years, pockets of glacier-free land opened up in Canada's interior creating an "ice-free corridor" (I suggest you Google the term) that eventually allowed access to the rest of the continent. That said, I don't know that there's any reason at all to suppose that Sasquatch didn't cross into the Americas far earlier than humans, along with all the other megafauna that we know to have made the passage. Of course nobody knows and this is all conjecture.
Just as is so in humans, it looks like there's a great deal of variability in Sasquatch faces, hair color, hair length and physical size. The take-home point, in my opinion, is that aside from a few obviously diagnostic features, we shouldn't necessarily think of them as having a single uniform look.
Why would you think that? The types of evidence that led Roger Patterson and Bob Gimlin to Bluff Creek are still widely reported and available. It's not the case that track evidence, for example, has suddenly dried up and is no longer common.
The lack of trailcam pics is one of the most confounding aspects of bigfoots.
I don't know about all that, but one of the benefits of being the wealthiest and most highly-educated demographic in the US is that you have access to mechanisms for making your concerns heard. (Although, Jewish Americans better watch out, because South Asian Americans are coming for their "wealthiest and most highly-educated" title and they ain't playin'.)
It's a great show, but if was truly accurate, they'd be speaking in a generally incomprehensible Derry accent and there would be subtitles for the rest of the English-speaking world. Source; I have a handful of close friends and acquaintances from Derry, Buncrana and parts thereabout, and if they don't wish to be understood, you're shit out of luck, unless you're actually from Ireland, which I am not.
To quote a close friend who lives in Castlewellan, "I couldn't be bothered." He's my age, so in his early 50s and was a teenager in the 1980s in Belfast.
I don't think it's British at all. "The Troubles," is to my mind a quintessentially Irish term, a Hiberno-anglo turn of phrase that almost certainly has its roots in Irish Gaelic, a language that's singularly well-adapted to the poetic turn-of-phrase. Irish-English is a singular type of English in that so much of its daily usage, the way in which Irish people construct their sentences, is based on much older Celtic patterns that we do not otherwise see in native English-speakers.
Fair play. I have family and friends from that part of the world, but if they don't want me to understand what they're saying, I'm shit out of luck. The "real" Derry accent is utterly incomprehensible to outsiders.
Wouldn't surprise me at all were that true.
This seems right to me. I don't have any tattoos myself and freely admit that I am deeply ignorant of the subject, but my old man had a tattoo that he got in Vietnam during the war, and it held up admirably over the years until his death five years ago. Of course, he always wore long-sleeved shirts in public --because he was uncomfortable with people asking about it-- so maybe that helped too by reducing sun exposure.
I am familiar with the idea of bigfoots having vision that allows them to see wavelengths that humans can't, and while I certainly don't rule it out, I do remain skeptical. Reason; were it in fact the case that their vision is so substantively different from human vision, we ought to see analogs in other primates, knowing as we do that the architecture for such an ability cannot arise from a single mutation, but instead, has to arise from a suite of other phenotypic adaptations that, as far as I know, don't exist in primates outside of the remote possibility of prosimians. My guess is that similarly to humans, bigfoots are astonishingly intelligent in very specific ways and are accordingly easily able to detect and stay away from trailcams. All of the above is, of course, pure speculation.
This is one of the two arguments that I think does away with the idea that Sasquatches are capable of seeing wavelengths that humans, and the rest of the primates, are not. My best guess is that Sasquatches are highly intelligent in a variety of very specific ways such that anything so obviously artificial as a trailcam is readily obvious to them. They avoid them not because they understand what they are meant to do, but rather, because they are deeply suspicious of obviously man-made objects hanging in the woods where one would not otherwise typically expect such a thing.
Why did traditional forms of European music survive so much more robustly in the "Celtic" British Isles than on the mainland? Even today, for every one German musician playing traditional European music, there's 20 or 30 in Scotland and Ireland alone. My guess is that it's a matter of isolation and that these ancient music traditions survived in Europe's far western reaches because for much of history they were so remote, but I am no expert and this is all conjecture on my part.
There are at least two --probably used to be more-- bagpipes currently indigenous to Ireland; the Uilleann or "elbow pipes," and the Great Irish Warpipes which are basically identical to the Scottish Highland Pipes and are similarly played in marching bands with a relatively martial style. Typically, when people think of Irish bagpipes, they're thinking of Uilleann pipes which are quieter than your great marching pipes and can easily be played with instrumental accompaniment in a pub or other gathering place.
Right? WTF is this guy on about? These things do exist, but certainly they are not "usual."
This is a trip, and yet also very cool. Even ten years ago it was possible to be brutally downvoted on reddit for suggesting that the Civil War was ultimately about slavery and nothing else. I Know this from hard experience. How times have changed!
While you may well be correct --and just so we understand each other, on the basis of two encounters, I don't believe you are-- your argument is basically an example of the "argument from incredulity," fallacy. That is, because you can't imagine that something is true, it therefore isn't. That said, I don't blame you at all for being incredulous. I would be too had I not had two separate and very convincing encounters. As for what you say about drones, I actually know a thing or two about the subject, am an FAA licensed UAV pilot, and I can assure you that they are not the answer. You can see a lot with drones, you can penetrate canopies with certain specific imaging technologies, you can fly above and sometimes into areas that are difficult for humans to reach on foot, but what you can't do, is sit and hover indefinitely while waiting for a very rare animal to appear. You might spend your whole life watching a specific area and never see anything because the animal is so rare or, because it moves beneath the canopy in ways that a drone simply cannot detect. I don't think drones are worthless, I just don't think that they're some kind of panacea that either works or does not. I personally use them in my own research, but after several years of having done so, I question their efficacy. That said, if you don't know, the best evidence is to be found in statistical analysis, not in any one instance or film. There's a guy in Portland --don't remember his name-- who did a statistical analysis of Bigfoot tracks using several hundred discrete cases from throughout the Pacific Northwest. When he plotted said tracks on a frequency distribution, it formed a bell-shaped curve that was skewed to the left in exactly the same way as are the tracks of all other known mammals. Obviously, in known mammals, the curve skews to the left because it accounts for juveniles as well as adults. Were it the case that his footprint samples were all the result of hoaxes, the probability of them forming such a curve is vanishingly small because there's no way that hundreds of different hoaxers could possibly coordinate themselves across such a broad swathe of time and geography. The upshot is that even if you think an undiscovered species of large terrestrial ape is highly unlikely, you do have to admit that the evidence for it is compelling, if not conclusive. My advice is to keep an open mind. The world is full of surprises.
Sure, no doubt, also Galdikas who I think is often forgotten. My position isn't that Sasquatches are necessarily violent by default, my point is only that this is how they are known by the Native American tribes of the Pacific Northwest.
But that's exactly my point! I deliberately picked the most obvious example by way of clarifying the issue. Again, the point is that everyone knows that photographic evidence will never be enough. Accordingly, serious researchers are no longer interested in providing video evidence, and to the contrary, are now focused on obtaining a type-specimen. What part about this do you not understand?
The technical term in ecology is trophic cascade.
They are elk, which are a type of deer.
Me too! Though I was living in Jackson in '95 when the reintroduction happened. I can't 100 percent agree with you on it being about recovery from the fire. That was part of it, but it had already been 7 years since the fire and the park was already well on its way to recovery. I was there in '93 and '94 and the burned areas were exploding with new growth and activity. Here's the thing; when it comes to these kinds of issues, you can believe what you want to believe --invariably because it serves an interest, like ranching-- or you can look at the science and form a conclusion based on the best objective evidence. In this case, as in others such as climate change and vaccines, the science is largely settled. There are always more details that can add to our understanding, but there's zero question that trophic Cascades are real and that wolf reintroduction had a major impact on Yellowstone's ecology. Again, the people who downplay it almost always lack a scientific background and almost always represent certain entrenched resource extraction interests such as mining, logging or ranching. I have covered this issue as a journalist for almost 20 years now and it is near and dear to my heart. Land use in the West, and specifically wolf reintroduction, is kind of my beat, or would be if I had a beat, which I don't really.
It's similar but not quite the same. It's called a trophic cascade. The idea was pioneered by Aldo Leopold --although the term wasn't coined until later-- in the early 20th century and basically describes how one species affects an entire ecology.
You never took a statistics class? They don't need to count every single animal. They only need to monitor samples of the population and then they can use statistical analysis to accurately describe the whole. It's pretty basic stuff.
For whatever it's worth, the science surrounding trophic Cascades, especially with regard to Yellowstone, is pretty much settled. The only people who dispute it are resource extraction interests such as mining, logging and ranching.
There's an apocryphal story that Manx cats are descended from ship's cats that survived the wreckage of the Spanish Armada and landed on the Isle of Man. Probably not true, but cool story anyway. Edit; I had a Manx cat for 20 years --had to put him down a few months ago, one of the worst things I've ever done-- and even though he wasn't very big as housecats go, in his prime he was a ruthless motherfucking rat-killer and occasionally even took out squirrels, so they're definitely a good candidate for a breed of ship's cats.
I don't know, but I like it.
But you don't get your accent from your parents, so I guess I don't understand.
Let's not get carried away. OP has some talent, but they definitely aren't a pro or even close to it.
This seems like a reasonable observation and I have no doubt that it's correct. The question is, how does said influence manifest? My guess, and granted I am no expert, is that in general it manifests in vocabulary but not in accent. Of course it's possible that kids raised in isolation do get their accents from their parents, but that would be a specific exception. In general, kids who grow up in a wider community always get their accent from said community and not from their parents.
Are you sure that the difference didn't have more to do with vocabulary and turn of phrase then it did with actual pronunciation? I grew up in California with hundreds of kids who had foreign-born parents, and in my experience, they all spoke with a flawless Californian accent. The difference, where it existed, was always that they used vocabulary and specific turns-of-phrase that second or third generation Californians did not. But that's different from having a distinct accent. You're still speaking in the same accent, you're just using language items and speech patterns that you inherited from your parents. That said, I could be entirely wrong. I don't discount that possibility at all. I have very little formal training in linguistics and am open to the idea that I am simply misinformed or otherwise confused.
Fair play.
Paranthropus?
Do a silverback gorrilla next. Those guys ain't no joke either. They just go to show how big and baddass primates can be. There used to be even bigger primates in Asia --arguably they still exist in North America, but that's a different matter-- that weighed well over 1k lbs. A full-grown gigantopithecus would've been able to utterly destroy this tiger, though granted, he'd know he'd been in a fight when it was over, tigers having 5 different pointy ends and all.
And this little place we call Siberia.
Not at all. The issue with Siberia is that all of its major rivers flow south to north. Because Siberia covers such a vast land area, the headwaters of its major rivers thaw months before the mouths of its rivers. The frozen northern mouths of Siberia's rivers act as an icy dam to the all of the water that, far to the south, has already melted. The result is basically a continent-sized impassable swamp every summer that can only be travelled by plane or boat. Accordingly, the best time to travel in Siberia is in the dead of winter when everything is frozen solid, but then you're obliged to put up with bone-cracking cold of a nature not seen outside of Antarctica or the very far northern regions of Alaska and Canada. This is fundamentally different from the conditions in the interior of North America where there's a giant inland sea called Hudson Bay, in addition to the world's largest chain of freshwater lakes, together with, in the Missouri/Mississippi River, one of the world's largest river systems which conspicuously runs north to south. The upshot is that while it's certainly true that parts of Canada and Alaska are ecologically similar to Siberia, ultimately, they aren't even remotely close to the inhospitality of Siberia.
I'm not telling anyone that they are "wrong" about their lives. I am asking questions, that is all. I don't claim to know anything about anything. It seems like you want to equate my ignorance with some kind of evil racism, which is absurd.
What is the iron supposed to be about? I don't get it.
It's not controversial at all. You cannot know anything about the CCP and think it's a good idea to let them dominate 5g.
Ah, the tragedy of the commons. Surely someone somewhere has thought this through?
It's power over his followers. It locks them into loyalty in that once they've accepted something that they know is not true, they too become culpable. It also makes it harder to leave Trumpism because in order to do so, you have to admit that you were either complicit, or were duped by an obvious conman. Most people think they are smart and basically good. It's almost impossible to get them to admit otherwise. I guarantee Trump hasn't reasoned it out to this extent, he just intuitively knows it because he's a salesman by trade.
Typically the experts speak of three main "herds" or populations; the southern, central and northern. The herds often split up into smaller groups, but sometimes, as in the Burns doc, they would come together in giant conglomerates. There were also much smaller herds, called mountain bison, scattered throughout the Intermountain West. They were a sub-species. I believe the Yellowstone bison are mostly hybrids, but I'm not current on the subject.
That and they all understood very well that they had something to prove.
True, but these were Americans. They may have been of Japanese descent, but make no mistake about it, they were Americans.
Not sure that I can agree with this assessment in that it implies a pretense or "charade" on the part of those sharing in the offensive humor. As a former teenaged boy, I can assure you that there was no pretense about it; I genuinely found a variety of obnoxious or offensive materials humorous. I still do, though not to the same extent. So does my teenaged son, and in fact, the more eye-rolls, sighs and expressions of shock we can elicit from my wife and daughters, the greater the ensuing hilarity. There's humor in the transgression itself.
Central Asia I believe. South West Asia is called the Middle East.
You might consider going the punctuation route next time.
I spend a lot of time driving around the Pacific Northwest for work, and once you get out of the cities, no one seems to give a fuck. The funny thing is that the people who give me shit about wearing a mask are overwhelmingly old, overweight white guys who are probably smokers to boot and who are definitely not going to make it if they get the virus. They never come out and say anything --because they are cowards-- but they make their feelings clear enough regardless.
This is the right answer.
I would argue that it's far more similar to conservatism in the rural western US than it is to The South, though maybe without the weird religious component of Mormonism that permeates a lot of the insanity down here.
Nope. Texas is both the "South," and also the "West," while also being part of the borderlands. It's like Ohio in the sense that it encompasses parts of three distinct regions of the US. (In the case of Ohio it's the rust-belt, Appalachia and the Midwest, if anyone was wondering.) Texas definitely is not part of the Midwest. It has very little in common with places like Iowa, Indiana, Minnesota of Nebraska, for example.
This is a common misconception that until very recently I shared with you. Turns out that in emergencies, the US military absolutely *can* be used for law-enforcement. I'm not going to link to it directly because I'm a lazy bastard, but there's an article that specifically addresses the issue on lawfare.com. Fortunately for us, the senior officer corps of the US military has a broad horror of using the military as domestic LE, so they are guaranteed to slow-walk even a legitimate order, were it to be given.
I'll fight Jim Jordan. Hells yeah! Anytime any place. I also know lots of younger and more accomplished martial artists who'd be happy to put a ass-whuppin' on him too. Reminds me of Ben Wittes's offer to fight Vladimir Putin in that it will obviously never happen. These evil fuckers have too much to lose in a real and fair fight. They're all basically cowards.
Don't sleep on Idaho and Eastern Oregon either! Nor parts of Nevada and California. We've got fuck-nut crazy "patriot" types all over the place down here. The Bundy crime syndicate, for one, is largely based in Nevada, Utah and Arizona.
I mean, you kind of answered your own question, didn't you? Hint; it's precisely the Insurrection Act, which can be invoked by the POTUS and, in the presence of a cooperative Senate, such as we have now, can't be effectively challenged in any meaningful way. Sure you can mount legal challenges that eventually can be heard and upheld by the SCOTUS, but that takes time and meanwhile we're talking about martial law in the US. Do I think it's likely that such a series of events will transpire? No, I do not. But that's not the point. The point is that it definitely *can* happen given the right circumstances. Again, my larger point is that the Posse Comitatus Act isn't the impermeable wall that many people, my former self included, think that it is.
I think that's true in the sense that Texas is a unique combination of places, but it's not like California which really is a single place that's surrounded by mountains and desserts on three sides, and the Pacific on the west. As one of my anthropology professors liked to say, pre-Columbian California was a virtual island; once groups came in, they almost never left and almost never had contact with outside groups. California is distinct as a state in that it is the only state that totally encompasses it's own set of entirely unique ecologies.
They are the heavily-armed thugs who took over the Malhuer Wildlife Refuge.
Just learned that my aunt, who lived in Florida, passed away today due to "pnuemonia." My cousin, a hardcore Trump supporter, insists that it wasn't Covid, that her mother just randomly died of pnuemonia. I don't even know what to think anymore. This is what we've come to. Eventually we will all lose family members to this virus. God help us if we cannot get it straight and understand what the fuck is happening. What a world, what a time to be alive. How bad can it get?
Fair play. You may be right. I don't claim to have any answers.
This is basically correct except for the Fast and Furious bit, which was orchestrated at a level far below the Whitehouse and over which Obama would scarcely have been aware, let alone had direct oversight. It still happened under his administration, so he owns it, but it's different from your other examples in that Obama was not directly involved.
I'm on the AG Bharara train myself. I wouldn't mind AG Schiff or Harris either, but they are easily among the most skilled questioners in the House and Senate and I'd just as soon leave them there when there's a guy like Preet who is so obviously qualified. If offered the job, I think he would feel obliged to take it.
Too right. The older members of the Irish side of my family have a similar thing; great jutting overgrown eyebrows with a fierce and piercing gaze, when in fact they are old hippies and some of the kindest people I know.
I've been wondering about that church in Union County. Are they like, the real deal snake-handling speaking in tongues Pentecostals? It wouldn't change anything about the objective facts on the ground, but it sure would be interesting if The Lord, in his infinite wisdom, decided that they weren't worthy of being protected from the Covid. I am heading from Portland down to Coos Bay tomorrow for work, hopefully will be there for only a day or two, wish me luck! It's not fear I feel, it's low-level anxiety.
This is not quite right. What's happened is that in part due to having the worst president in modern history, a large portion of American society does not now, nor ever did, take the threat of Covid19 seriously. In their case it's not accurate to say that they "gave up," since they never recognized that they were in a struggle in the first place. Meanwhile, another portion of the American public has decided that even though the virus remains a threat, it's not a big enough threat as to override the need to protest against what everyone knows is a shithole system of governance. These people have not "given up" either, they're just so fucking pissed that they are willing to risk the consequences of gathering in large crowds outdoors, albeit, while still wearing masks and paying lip-service to the idea of social distancing. Then there's the rest of us. We are a mixed bag, but in general we respect science and aren't out protesting because we're either apathetic, or because we have families that we don't want to put at risk, or because we are immuno-compromised for whatever reason. In my case, I have a small child and a wife with a serious health condition and it's simply not worth the risk to my family. Long story short, it's not about Americans "giving up." It's about a federal government that has failed in every single way to get its people on the same page regarding a deadly pandemic.
I think the "true believer" racist Trump voters are probably irredeemable, but at some point we're going to have to figure out as a nation how to reintegrate the rest back into reality-based civilization. Many are basically decent people who are deeply misinformed and have been manipulated for decades by people who don't have their best interests at heart. This is why they believe things that are objectively insane and utterly decoupled from reality.
It may be the best, but it's still phony as fuck.
We have in America "The Big Two-Hearted River" tradition: taking your wounds to the wilderness for a cure, a conversion, a rest, or whatever. And as in the Hemingway story, If your wounds aren't too bad, it works. But this isn't Michigan (or Faulkner's Big Woods in Mississippi, for that matter). This is Alaska. - Edward Hoagland, "Up the Black to Chalkyitsik" I believe this quote actually appears in the Krakauer book as well, but if anyone's interested, Ed Hoagland is totally worth reading on his own merits. He is in much the same vein (and part of the same generation) as Peter Mathiessen and John McPhee.
Horseshit. People have been trotting out this kind of condescending bullshit since the initial story broke. I was only a few years younger than him and was living In Jackson, WY at the time, a town that even then was packed full of elitist outdoors snobs. Everyone had an opinion about it, and none of them were well-informed, even after Krakauer's initial "Outside" article came out. The truth is that while he was definitely underprepared, if he'd been "completely unprepared," he wouldn't have lasted as long as he did and wouldn't have nearly survived but for a few small mistakes that later proved dire. As for his psychological state and whether or not he was suicidal, I don't have a strong opinion, but it does seem at least plausible, especially given what we've since learned about his upbringing. Again though, my biggest complaint is with the sneering and condescending take that portrays him as a one dimensional cretin rather than as a complicated human being who, like all of us, was not always guided by rational impulses.
We don't have a choice. They are here and they are Americans and we have to live with them whether we like it or not. We have to figure out how to reach a common understanding of what is true. Their epistemology is broken. We need to figure out how to fix it. I believe it can be done.
I mean, you come off as dick here, so why would anyone assume you're any different in real life?
I like how you give yourself credit for "triggering" people. Ok guy. You didn't trigger me, I just think your comment is stupid and you are an asshole. That's what people are responding to. I'm not even in the food and beverage service industry.
People buy property where they can afford to. There's typically not a racist agenda behind it.
You are factually incorrect. The law contains no provision for hate speech, nor can it under the US Constitution which supercedes all other laws in the US. I agree that Nazis are contemptible scum, but I also think it's important to understand the law. This isn't Europe. Hate speech is not a legally recognized concept in the US.
Hate speech is not an exception. Look, I think your heart is in the right place and I respect that, but you are quite simply mistaken in this instance. Hate speech is not a crime in the US and barring some some serious mental gymnastics that allows a majority of the SCOTUS to reinterpret the 1st Amendment in some future case, it never will be.
It actually doesn't. Most of the exceptions are based on SCOTUS rulings. That said, you are absolutely correct that hate speech is not a free speech exception and never will be.
I don't. If history is any guide at all, once an internet mob has it out for someone, their lives tend to become very unpleasant.
Don't let what's possible be the enemy of what's ideal.
You are projecting.
But even if you did correct for population size, you still wouldn't be getting an accurate picture. Viral spread is network-based, so that means that the larger your population, the larger and more complex a network you have --especially true if it's spread out geographically as in the rural US-- and the longer it takes for a virus to achieve whatever initial saturation level it's going to achieve. That's why instead of peaking and then declining as in so many of the badly hit western European nations, the US rate is instead plateauing. All of which is just to say that there's a time component that we have to adjust for when comparing vastly different sized countries, and we don't know anything like enough to even make a rough guess at how to do it. Another way of illustrating the difference is to ask which would succumb more quickly to an epidemic, a village, or an entire nation? The answer is the village, because it's much smaller and has much tighter networking links. Well, the same is true of the difference between a relatively tiny nation like Ireland vs the US, and that's why comparisons based on the same time-scale don't tell us as much as we might think. Edit; of course all of the above presumes that the countries being compared have stopped exponential spread, which in this case, appears to be accurate.
Probably, but language use in real life doesn't give a shit about our prescriptivism.
All those wasted years!
Which they were, but for how long? A generation at best, but probably even less. If the famine happened in 1847-'49, and that's when the big waves of Irish immigrants arrived, by the end of the Civil War in 1865, because so many of them had fought and died for the Union, they were largely accepted by native-born Americans even if they were still viewed with a bit of suspicion as "Papists." So that's like 15 years. Compare that with upwards of 450 years of oppression. It's patently ridiculous. Your mother should've known better.
They were predicting four or five times more. It shows that they've overestimated their strength. That's a great sign.
Your overconfidence makes you weak.
I haven't done any of those things. Nor have most people who oppose Trump. This is one reason why Trump is losing the crucial centrist swing-vote; you keep lying about reality and we all can see it. You're really going to tell some white suburban college-educated mom that she's out there burning buildings and tearing down statues and then think she'll vote for you? It's a fucking joke. You're in denial, but keep doubling down and we'll see in November.
It's disingenuous as fuck to pretend that there's not a huge overlap between Trump supporters and people who think the pandemic is a hoax or is somehow overblown. Don't play stupid.
Sure it did.
So which is it dude? Low attendance because of a pandemic, or there's not really a pandemic at all? You can't have it both ways. Someone is full of shit and there's a good chance it's you.
This is one of the Russian troll factory's key talking points. Not saying that *you* are a Russian troll, just that if you were, this is one of the points you'd be pushing.
This is hilarious. You're just making shit up. How old are you anyway? Did you graduate high school?
Been saying this since day one. What's the big deal? Just wear a fucking mask, it's nothing. Evidently even that's too much to ask. Good thing these people weren't around during WW2 when citizens were asked to make real sacrifices. These people are scum.
But that's not what I said, is it? Try to keep up. Either way, that's also exactly what a Russian troll would say.
To sailors this is a squall, not really a storm.
Like most other sports, it's only fun if you understand it. NASCAR isn't my sport and like you I don't really "get" it. But I have never really tried to get into it and freely admit that I don't understand it. Unlike you, my assumption isn't that it's boring; it's that I don't know enough about it to "get" it's attraction. I am helped by the fact that as a soccer-loving American I am frequently faced with otherwise intelligent people who think that soccer is boring, even though it's by far the most popular team sport on the planet. It's like, do you really think that billions of people across the globe are somehow mysteriously fanatical about a sport that's boring? The simplest explanation, Occam's Razor, is that there are lots of deeply compelling sports that can seem boring to people who know nothing about them. My guess is that NASCAR is one.
Paint is a type of coating system, but not all coating systems are paint. Professionally, when we say "paint," we typically mean either a latex or solvent-based coating that cures through evaporation as opposed to catalylized chemical reactions. But even that's not quite accurate because we also talk about elastomeric coating systems which, even though they are latex and cure through evaporation, are much more heavy-bodied than what we call paint. And actually the above is just the beginning. The business gets very complex very fast once you start talking about anything much more than the time you and your roommate painted your apartment in college.
As far as I can tell, yes. My guess is that there are any number of systems that can be used for tennis courts, depending on how much money you want to spend.
You don't need to tell me anything about what's required during abatement work. I am a former painting and waterproofing contractor and am very familiar with the OCCB and OSHA requirements. As for what happens once a man's rage reaches a tipping point, I leave that to your imagination.
It's more scientifically legitimate to withhold judgement as to the veracity of the PG film. The film has existed for over 50 years during which time no one has been able to convincingly recreate it using the technology that would have been available at the time of its creation. The purely scientific lens demands that as such, it has to be taken seriously. The film itself doesn't prove anything, but it does leave open a mystery that's yet to be explained.
They pulled that shit in Klamath Falls, OR too. Said busloads of "The Antifa" were coming down from Portland. Naturally the good people of Klamath Falls showed up with enough firepower to arm a Syrian rebel group. The busses, it turns out, were a hoax and no shots were fired.
They are bullies and cowards. It's the only way they know to be. Catch them one on one and like as not they'll be perfectly civil. They also fear anyone who is not intimidated.
I hate to be that guy, but, wooosh!
What you are noticing has a name in political science. I'm by no means an expert, but I believe it's called the "horseshoe theory" whereby both the far left and far right ultimately end up in the same authoritarian place. We are at a critical time in our civilization. The forces of the far right and far left would each, if we allow them to do so, lead us into authoritarian insanity or even worse, a second Civil War. Now is the time when people of good will, from both sides of the American political split, must come together to stop the madness that extremists on either side desire. It's time for the "adults" to step in. It's time for us to step in, not in the name of continuing the status quo, but rather, because if we remain silent, we cede the argument to the lunatics. Stay strong. I may not agree with you in all things, but I do agree with you in the need to stem this growing tide of insanity. Now is the time when people of good will must come together.
Absolutely. Hundreds of blind tests have been done and the techniques have accordingly become increasingly accurate. Facial features can easily be replicated, but what isn't as easily determined are the more "cosmetic" things like facial hair patterns, hair and skin and eye color/tone and balding patterns. If it's a recent specimen we can guess about these things with relative accuracy, but once we get past 2-3k years old, one is right to view the exercise as largely speculative, again, not in terms of facial features, but rather, in terms of the huge amount of variation that we know to exist in anatomically modern Homo Sapiens with regard to hair, skin and eye color.
Not anymore, but as I said above, I used to be a painting and waterproofing contractor.
I just did say that instead!
This is known presumptive footage. I'm not sure how I feel about it, but it has to be taken seriously, even if the guy who produced it is of dubious character. The truly scientific approach is to take everything as potentially valid, to withhold judgement, and to follow the lines of evidence wherever they may go.
I didn't watch much of it and applaud anyone who sat through the whole thing. That said, I still appreciate it because it gives a sense of what the woodland hills of Oklahoma look like. For those of us who may not be familiar with that part of the country, it's revealing in that said woodlands are certainly dense enough to credibly support the many accounts that come from that region.
I see both on a fairly regular basis, but then I spend a lot of time driving around the rural Pacific Northwest for my job, so it's to be expected.
When I was a kid, back in the early '80s, you could still catch 8+ foot sturgeons on the lower Russian River. They weren't common, but they were still there. I haven't lived in that part of the world for decades, but I doubt there's anything like it now.
Named after Melville no less! That's friggin cool! I'm about due for another read of "Moby Dick," this just inspires me.
Perfect. My possibly apocryphal understanding of Murphy's law is that it's an old concept that somewhat randomly, in its current incarnation, is named after an eponymous Irish-American USAF colonel who was involved in test flights during the Cold War.
Doppelmayr is basically the industry leader and they are out of Austria I believe, so outside of old lifts on out-of-the-way mountains, what you're used to is basically industry standard.
I prefer it without. It's just one more complication for the Flatlanders to botch while getting off. Keep it as simple as possible is what I say.
Alpine is it? I thought it looked familiar. Me and the Alpine pro-patrollers don't have a great relationship. Back in the day they were kind of notorious for being assholes. Granted, this was over 20 years ago and hopefully they've changed their attitudes since then.
If you ride goofy sit on the outside left and rest your board on the toes of your loose foot. Opposite if you ride regular. Of course, this won't work if you're on a quad or a six with strangers, unless conditions aren't crowded.
It's very location-dependant. Many of your small "mom and pop" ski areas --a thing that I don't think is anywhere near as common in Europe-- are still running 50-year-old non-detachable two-person lifts that never had a safety bar to begin with. But even in places like Tahoe, people don't necessarily bother with the safety bar unless there are kids or beginners on board. On the flip side, lift lines in North America tend to be far more organized and systematic than in Europe, so we've got that going for us, which is nice.
It can happen, but it's rare. I had a buddy who basically got pushed off a lift while roughhousing with his cousin back in the early '80s. He fractured a pair of vertebrae and was badly fucked up for a few months, but is fine now, apart from old age, which comes for us all.
It *can* help cushion the fall, but typically that would only be on fat powder days. The rest of the time you be fucked.
True, but to be fair, we live in a market-based system that's specifically geared towards encouraging complacency and disinterest. The problem is with the system itself, not with individual voters.
Nice cheap and easy point that seeks to reduce reality to a matter of personal character rather than viewing it as the result of numerous complicated systems deliberately designed to discourage real citizen engagement.
You can see where the North American continental plate drifted over the hotspot that causes Yellowstone. It's the giant U-shaped depression crossing the southern half of the state.
Doubt it. There's some mean and angry locals up in those parts for sure, but this was in the park, which is heavily touristed. I was up on St. Helen's last weekend at the Ape Canyon/Lava Canyon trailhead, past the climber's bivouac, and it was all tourists from Portland and Seattle and surrounding suburbs. The simplest explanation is that the first two were inexperienced and under-prepared for the conditions they encountered, while the third guy was skiing in an area known for its dangerous terrain. We'd have to have some very compelling reason to think that there's a gang of angry locals out there killing people.
Absolutely. You can ski year-round in the Cascades if you are dedicated or don't mind hitting the Palmer Glacier at Timberline on Mt. Hood, which has a chairlift that only shuts down for September. For my money, one summer day on the Palmer is enough; unless you're a pro and need to train, it's totally not worth it.
Pretty much the same here. I'm about a mile off of the Columbia and maybe a couple miles from the Willamette. We're about 15 or 20 miles west of The Columbia Gorge, which is God's country, and is full of giant salmon runs, epic waterfalls and hundreds of bald eagles.
Interpol will absolutely, under no circumstances, ever issue a Red Notice for the US president, not even a former US president. Not only would it be utterly pointless, but it would also badly undermine what little credibility they have left.
I can only speak for myself, but for me, it's because the rule of law matters and has to be applied without consideration for how it offends our moral compass. Where we find it's application onerous, the solution is to create new laws, not to bend those that already exist.
Am I crazy or is that not a viola? Honest question, I am no expert, it just looks bigger than any violin or fiddle I've ever jammed with.
As a North American what I like so much about the Alps, aside from their obvious beauty, is the fact that for whatever reason, they are so distinctive looking. You would, for example, never look out on such a tableau and mistake it for any of the world's other great mountain ranges. They aren't quite big and intimidating enough to be South American let alone Asian, and yet while similar in size, they have a completely different skyline from the broad wide-open horizons you get in North American ranges. One has the feeling that it's a much more tightly jumbled collection of towering peaks and discrete valleys than can be found anywhere else on Earth.
It's just Portland. Sometimes it's great, but other years the rain never really lets up and you just have to accept the moss and lichen and mud and bugs and rotting timbers year round.
I wouldn't worry too much if I were you. The Sisters area is pretty well traveled and the terrain is pretty chill so long as you stay off the big peaks. Bring the "ten essentials" and you should be fine so long as you're physically fit and only doing day hikes. I actually did a 5-day solo trip through the area about 8 years ago --Jefferson down to Sisters-- and aside from having an axe and crampons for crossing some of the bigger ice-fields, nothing about it required advanced capabilities. I also stupidly lost a gorgeous hunting knife up there, a gift from my brother, for which I continually kick myself. While it's definitely the case that several Sasquatch troops are alive and thriving in the area, your biggest risk will by far arise from weather and terrain conditions. Just be chill, always prepared, bring more than you think you will need, and always stay calm.
Maybe he's a rescue and they were simply misinformed. About a year ago my wife and I adopted a "terrier mix" from our local Humane Society only to later learn, from our vet as well as other sources, that she's unequivocally a pure-bred podengo and not a terrier at all (although to be fair, the small wire-haired podengos do look a lot like a terrier). Years ago I adopted a tailess cat from the San Francisco SPCA and was told that only he knew how he'd lost his tail. Subsequently, after visiting a veterinarian, I learned that in fact, he was a Manx and never had a tail to begin with. All of which is just to say that volunteers at shelters aren't always necessarily the most well-informed when it comes to different breeds.
