I’m gonna say no to that but your call. Cruel and unusual punishment and all that
I imagine you won’t be popular here
Lol stop
He also commits a lot of offensive fouls on his way to the basket. It goes both ways
I genuinely have no idea why people are upset at this call of all calls. If this happened with any other player nobody would think twice
That’s why Javale got out of the way right?
I mean at that point they know your GPA from your resume
You’re right. Reddit will keep loving it though
Because if there's one place he could get feedback from current med school students, it's the pre-med subreddit
That’s probably the only year in the last decade the ACC path was more difficult though
Yup. I want every game of the regular season to be important. We’ve already lost some of that, though I’m happy with that change
I don’t see why it is. College football has always been very regional. UCF is not where the future of cfb is at
And as a result he was living rent free in Westbrook’s head
soft
god Clowney commits so many penalties
not a first down
holy hell the most blatant holding in the world just got missed
was hilariously obvious
the missed holding on Watt on 1st and 20 was worse
Wilbon has been a beast this year, gonna need someone to hold down the middle next year
Yeah but he didn’t know that. Not the first time this problem has come up
they got quite upset during those block in the back calls
you're agreeing with him
I don't support him but that's a fairly average number.
If we could stop stalling out on their side of the field that would be nice
are we really gonna use a timeout on 3rd and 11
we're getting lit up by sam fucking darnold
It varies by your chapter but spring is absolutely worse in mine
I’d wait til next fall but your call. Make sure you can get on Rush lists. Easiest way for that is either high school connections or girls you know who will put in a good word
I mean it’s a lot shorter and there’s less stuff going on and most importantly most cool guys rush their first semester of college. Just how it is.
Lmao
Classic BOB timeout usage. No way you could need that timeout to get your defense ready next drive right?
I mean nobody gives a shit about white jokes because white people are not discriminated against and are in positions of power. Same thing here
Y’all taking this too seriously nobody was changing their mind about the moon landing cause of Steph lol
Lol aight you don’t want an actual discussion
The commentators were semi-openly hoping the Jets would win, they didn’t show the same enthusiasm towards Houston at all. If you don’t see a problem there idk what to tell you
Yes
Blake right now is barely performing at the level you would like given his contract. I’m skeptical he can keep this up for 4 more years
Waiting on Timberwolves fans to tell you Wiggins is still a young player (5th year now)
Maybe this is a hot take but 2011 is about as bad as 2016 is impressive
I don’t pretend to know a ton about 90s basketball but Zach Lowe (I think) had that article this summer about how Petrovic paved the way for Europeans to come into the league like they hadn’t before. He got rid of a lot of stereotypes about them being soft. If anything his legacy to the game is greater than his actual performance
Harden statline lol
Holy fuck Harden
Bad both ways
15 free throws isn’t ridiculous
You’re saying it’s okay if it’s not in the Rockets favor soooo
I mean isn’t he like associated with repeating gang violence incidents and illegal activity? Kinda what the law is for
Yeah agreed, it was fair they called it
Ppl getting lazy with their white names this is a Tucker or a Braden for sure
It is tho?
So you were wrong lol
Those two things have a very tenuous correlation
I mean do you think turnovers are bad? Do you think touchdowns are good? Is converting third downs a positive thing? Pretty stupid thing to say.
Michael Carter-Williams has made more 26th 3 pointer of the games than the rest of the NBA combined.
Good, or even decent QBs find a way to overcome those issues at least somewhat. How many good QBs get 1 TD per game, consistently? His numbers are literally below Bortles level, despite at least somewhat better than historically terrible support. There's way more than a couple of numbers
Don't move the goalposts. I'm not critiquing Mariota for not winning. I'm critiquing him for being a poor passer. Rodgers has a TD/INT ratio 8 times better than Mariota.
Y’all sit on this take so much. Pretty sure I’ve seen you in other threads this week saying it. Fails to explain why he’s among the best at the league at finishing through contact regardless. Had a nasty and one tonight. You didn’t see it cause it wasn’t upvoted to the top of Reddit
The dude got offered $15 million as a 34 year old. No shit he was gonna take that deal
Immigration, even illegal helps the economy. It is as close to academic consensus as you will find. Furthermore, it does not have a downward effect on wages of natural born citizens
I mean, obviously?
Not really cause pipe diameter refers to your urethra here
Excretory system high yield? Unless you’re talking about kidneys idk about that. Also muscular system deserves mid yield
Every call is “because of how the rules are interpreted”. You don’t count steps until the dribble has been picked up. That simple.
Yes because the national media has been sooo kind to Harden
Lmao. This is so ignorant. Have you actually read a sociology paper before? There is so much wrong in this it is astounding. That is not the way sociological studios proceed. Just no. How would you go about analyzing society? You know that before sociology, people didn’t know what caused suicide?
5/27 is worse than 0/8. Don’t do that thing every fan base with promising young players do and get overly defensive
What merit? They are completely different things. Societal studies are immensely more complex and harder to analyze than biological systems. You haven’t exactly broken and ground here. Do you think it’s relevant to medicine that some groups are marginalized and experience worse health outcomes as a result? What field do you think studies that?
It’s an engineering approximation that is incredibly strong. For any pressures even remotely related to the MCAT the density change will be astronomically small
Because it doesn’t stand up well to current information. Our offense was good this year, and the one game we missed Beck May have been our worst
Remember when they were 11-0 last year and it was even worse?
Herman has the same wins pre-bowl game in his 2nd year that Strong had in 3 years
So in other words, you were utterly wrong and want to change the discussion
I love rivalries
Believe it or not, it felt a lot like it mattered when we beat OU in our rivalry game. I can understand you not knowing that on account of OSU doing it so rarely
Did people really think the Erwin Center looked good back in the day? Architecture is weird
Don’t see how that’s the case at all haha
He’s used to shooting free throws upside down
Rockets fans will gladly admit that we funnel rebounds to him. It wasn’t a coincidence that he got 20 something triple doubles 2 years ago. We’re at least honest about it
A missed shot is a missed shot is a missed shot but a 3 is better than a 2 and is still better than a 2. Do you want efficiency stats?
This is a huge misconception that a lot of people have about the NBA. Defense is more than effort. It’s about instincts and knowing schemes, and a lot of players don’t have what it takes. People have a tendency to believe athleticism + effort = elite defender and that’s just not the case
&gt;biggest predictor to any sport fan hood *Citation needed*
Read up on it - easy way to win an argument without saying anything
This is about as bad as a false equivalence as I’ve ever seen lol, did you really think this was a good argument?
The point most people are making is that they aren’t addicted like the guy at the beginning of this comment thread implied
The most vintage Watson play ever
I really don’t get why you wouldn’t apply coming out of undergrad even if you thought you were gonna take a gap year. Worst case scenario you don’t get in anywhere and you take the gap year anyways
Blame your shitty clock management
Look man refs suck but if not for the decision to run a screen pass to an interior receiver y’all probably get a FG attempt
&gt;kind of bogus that people criticize him for this Shooting 29% from 3 on 11 attempts per game. He’s young and he’ll improve but I don’t get why jazz fans are so ardent that efficiency doesn’t matter AT ALL if you play defense
Chewing tobacco =/= dip
Yes
Don’t really see what Lebron has to do with it
% of students that advance to M2 is a pretty poor statistic to use for this imo because it’s a relatively low bar for med school students to pass. In a year when they have Step scores based on MCAT I’ll be more interested
M2 progression isn’t a very useful statistic because almost everyone does it, and that’s not the sole, or even a good metric of the quality of med student you are. Board scores will be much more useful if an indicator
It’s just incredible that this is allowed. The FDA needs to come down on that industry with an iron fist.
They’re not putting football players in electrical engineering
[Stats don’t agree with you](https://www.aamc.org/download/321496/data/factstablea17.pdf)
On the other hand it gave us a free point in a game that ended up being very close
It was never a “too many ball handlers” problem, that’s asinine. It was a “not enough shooters” problem
Pretty obviously Giannis at least.
Looking at raw turnovers is always gonna do a disservice to really high usage rates
Do free throws not count lol? I’m not sure what your point is.
Yeah and guess what, you can’t just scale up your points linearly by using more possessions. It’s a hell of a lot higher to score your 30th point than your 20th. Or are you one of those people that doesn’t think Kobe scoring 35 ppg was impressive since his efficiency was average?
I mean, the *most* likely outcome is never going to be a 17 point game, but this is the game where it is least surprising that it would happen
Remember 2.5 years ago when people were arguing Klay was a better player than Harden?
This is not true at all hahaha
You’re about to get banned for this but it made me smile man
Lol this is really funny
Lol Lebron has hung on the rim for a loooong time on multiple occasions
I knew *exactly* what that video was gonna be haha.
Oof
The number of times I heard “DeFeNsE iS hAlF ThE gAmE”
Tbh I just don’t trust Paul George to keep it up, he goes through 5 games stretches where he just doesn’t do anything at all
DSJ doesn’t seem to do a lot well other than jump
Seems like a little bit of an overreaction
Being a Rockets fan it's nice having people talking about living in Houston favorably
8-4 this year is very disappointing. realistically he’s not gonna get teams with this much talent consistently
This is hilarious
Well WVU has bigger football goals than Iowa State
This is a flaming hot take. Gobert is a DPOY for Christ’s sake, and it’s not like Adams is carrying the offense
Avery Bradley was so much this
He’s also dirty as fuck
This sub only thinks Middleton is good because he got hot from 3 for one playoff series. He was disappointing last regular season and hasn’t been great this one
dEfEnSe iS hAlF ThE GaMe
It’s not half the value of a player. Look at how much Tony Allen made in his career and tell me defense is just as important for guards
You can be extremely efficient without a great arm but Murray isn't. He has a goddamn cannon
Jazz fans defend Mitchell about as hard as they claim he defends other players
The RRS is the most unpredictable rivalry in the nation, unlike the Game which has had a pretty consistent outcome the last couple decades, so yeah I understand. That doesn’t make the game less important when it comes to its effect on national championship contention
that was not indisputable. bullshit
if that wasn't the rule there'd be a lot more incentive for DBs to maul receivers anytime they get beat
One of the most ignorant things I’ve seen upvoted here. Even for this sub, this is retarded
He pretended to drink wine in the middle of a playoff game lol
Kinda bums me out that just as I get off the Westbrook hate train from MVP saltiness the rest of the sub jumps on
I mean that’s true for every crazy streak lol, obviously 42 ppg is unsustainable
Dumb question, does the AAMC lobby to keep residency spots low?
Colapret will be a lot easier. Biochem is pretty tough, far tougher than OChem II imo
Is it crazy to call it bad writing when Dany becomes mad over the course of like, 2 scenes, because they didn’t have enough time to show it properly?
Edmure wasn’t incompetent though, he was working off of limited information
U kinda missed the point of the national anthem
I have literally never seen someone claim the Big 12 as academically superior. That would be like claiming national titles a century after they happened
Is there a source on UChicago interviewing all high stat applicants that apply early?
I challenge you to find one person it happens to even half as much as Curry.
Probably a good decision. Good on you for recognizing it
I mean you don’t call soft ones but if a dude smacks your elbow on a jump shot you call it
I'd be happy to ship you my books for much cheaper. I have both bio and both organic chemistry ones
We should make a list of those from the last 10 years. Off the top of my head, @Mizzou in 2011 (Lost Fozzy Whitaker to an ACL tear, game ended 17-5), and @Cal 2016
Valid sentiment but I’m going to bet that if the subject matter were different this might be getting downvoted
Y’all know she’s a real person right
Greek Row doesn’t exist at this university
I’ve heard Dartmouth is low yield FWIW but shooters shoot
Haven’t seen many schools require stats but yeah I agree
Not sure about that chief
7.5 point per 100 possessions is the difference between the Warriors and the Hawks. That’s a difference you can absolutely feel. The difference between the best and worst in the NBA is only 11 point per 100
Dirty play is what causes escalation. Have you played pickup ball? It’s not being “overly aggressive in a contact sport” it’s specifically pulling dangerous plays in order to upset the other team. Abueva is known for it. Terrence Jones is a shithead for hitting him in the balls, don’t get me wrong, but players like Abueva and, in the past, Bill Laimbeer are bad for the game.
I’m on mobile rn, it was on Nylon Calculus
Pretty sure Period ~ sqrt(Length/gravity)
I think it’s a good idea though personally I’d save UW for the end of content review
I thought Next Step 1 and 2 were pretty good. Don’t worry about basically any 3rd party CARS score
It’s a complete flop these guys are trying to talk themselves into it. Even if you get bumped your legs don’t go in opposite directions like that
It wasn’t his best game but calling it terrible is blatantly false
41% from the field is just mediocre and 5 turnovers isn’t a crazy amount for someone with his usage percentage, especially with Chris Paul out playing 43 minutes. They were running a 5 man rotation against one of the greatest team ever. Obviously his legs are going to be tired
Don’t worry her fans already wished the woman death threats on Instagram
Westbrook and Giannis wouldn’t complement each other particularly well.
And yet we haven’t had an incident like you’re describing in 15 years
Bruh you literally got swept. Warriors had an offensive rating of 124 to your 108. It wasn’t close
Yeah but it’s really important if you’re a star, and it’s not like Westbrook is first team all defense
I told my friend Danny Green was one of the best transition defenders in the league and he was clowning me saying that’s such a random skill to point out. Well who’s laughing now
1) he’s not top two of all time and 2) everyone knows he’s great at it
I dare you to compare Curry and Kyrie’s playoff stats
Gasol, Ibaka are not near as good as they used to be on defense though. Calling Gasol a DPOY is a little misleading
Did you feel good about making this comment?
Including the Texans in their expansion years is obviously unfair
They were 2-2 with KD and 1.25-0 without him. They played well but they also shot ridiculously (Iggy was 5-8 game 6). I think Houston would have a very good chance against a KD less Warriors
The Blazers side of the bracket this year might be the weakest Western side of the bracket in 2 decades
Of players with more than 20 minutes on the series, Lebron was 7th in true shooting percentage lmao.
I had similar takes on racism in America freshman year of high school. Hopefully you grow out of it. I don’t care to find you information that proves it exists because there is such an overwhelming abundance but I strongly encourage you to take a class on structural racism and unconscious biases
I mean not the whole fanbase but there aren’t too many fanbases that have had this many people do it
Really funny watching people roll it out over and over. No True Scotsmen
It’s fun to clown boogie but that was a soft ass call to make with 15 seconds left in the finals.
Correct, the Warriors are the only team that commits a lot of moving screens
I’ve never seen a crowd cheer an obviously injured player in the NBA like that ever. Don’t act like it’s common
Yeah I mean I genuinely don’t cheer for injuries so maybe it’s just you. When KD got injured against us I recognized it gave us a better chance to win and still felt shitty for the guy and recognized that it makes the game worse
The people that he’s giving advice to are often financial idiots though it might be best to take any power to go into debt out of their hands
I can’t imagine being that cornerback the next week
Again, only after a certain amount of time.
South Gwinnett like Lou Will
Uh what? Houston, San Antonio, and Austin are all happening, good places to live. Austin moreso than Dallas
I’m excited to see this revisionist history crop up and become the dominant opinion
That’s not what I was referencing at all. I know nothing about what Dennis has been like in Toronto
Man when did communism become the dominant philosophy on mainstream subs
Yeah it is wild seeing people ignore that expectations weren't all that high for Michigan even a few games into the season
If you think Boogie is getting anywhere NEAR his max you need to learn more about the league lmao.
Ignorant to act like they didn’t significantly alter the outcome here
GPA doesn't matter once you're above a 3.9 from what I've seen. WUSTL, NYU, Vanderbilt, UPenn, UChicago are all schools I've heard called stat whores, not sure if it's true but they do have high medians. Curiously, Yale is tied for the highest median MCAT on the latest MSAR (522) though I've never heard them called a stat whore
I’m starting to feel like an asshole but some of the stuff posted on this sub recently has me saying they should just get over it
I don’t see any evidence that the Lakers offered more than this. Entire young core + 3 first rounders including a 4th (!!!) overall pick, for 1 year of AD is an incredible trade
Can you cite a statute it's against specifically?
gotta shadow as a premed to get into school
They're obviously very related concepts
If you go to the thread it was announced people are defending it. I thought I was in the Twilight Zone
Size matters a decent amount imo. It can at least supplement a lack of technique
Have u listened to the 911 call?
r/comedycemetery
Yes and the process has gotten immensely more competitive in the last few years. What year did you apply?
Yeah things have changed since then somewhat. Stats are still big players but you need other stuff to differentiate you. If you wanna see this happening in real time look up the adaptation of the CASPer test over the last 3 years or so
Oh I’m totally in agreement with you there, dude isn’t qualified to say that at all. Are you an orthopedic surgeon?
Good stuff, I think it’s a badass field. Out of curiosity, are you worried at all about AI encroaching on job duties over the next few decades?
Sex with a large dick with mediocre technique is gonna be out sex with a small dick with mediocre technique
Not sure what you engineering and business programs are like but median starting salaries for a lot of engineering majors at my school are north of $80k and slightly less for finance/accounting/ MIS
Bruh. I’d bet a finger you get into multiple T20s
What books would even reference this, kind of a random formula to throw in
If there’s one thing Trump proved in 2016, it’s that he can play up issues that he wants to play up, and he does it in a way that’s easy for people to go along with (Build the Wall, Lock her Up). Like it or not, impeaching Trump will allow Trump to talk *constantly* about the failed impeachment attempt
Eh. It’s a lot less than any other sports sub. I say this as someone that frequents r/nba quite a bit
If I didn’t have any crippling long term injuries I’d do this without a second thought
It was agreed to in principle before the year began
Roberson is a good player but if losing him makes you lose in 6 to a team with 1 good scorer (who’s a rookie) you were already in big trouble.
Nobody describes nba players as “labor”.
Go to a large company presentation and you will see that many professionals do not have speaking skills
Oof
If anything he’s a particularly bad writer relative to other prominent journalists
Jesus Christ that’s high school level writing
Do you understand the idea of conflict of interest? Or ethics in journalism?
It’s embarrassing that guy thinks he totally caught Deadspin in hypocrisy
That World Cup writhing around on the ground was a pretty bad look
And yet Bernie lost fairly handily.
The 2020 election is also going to be run by moneyed interests. Your logic isn’t even internally consistent
That’s great but we are talking about American politics here
Bro words have meanings. When you say "seems to be the route they're going" that means you think that's the route they're going. You can't weasel out of that claim lol
Fuck Mike Davis man.
Delusion and being 1-9 against a team
Thank you
He’s the first pick in the draft he can get whoever he wants
Is there anybody in the last 5 years except KD that has done it? Lol
Aight lol
So to be clear, you don’t feel bad for adults who drowned on the Titanic?
What are you putting in it?
I mean Lebron has had years as arguably the best passer in the league, Jordan still wasn’t at his level there
NBA fans know less X’s and O’s then any other sport’s fans. I only know the very basics and dont claim to be an expert but guys don’t even understand basic personnel strategy
Not super specific to your comment but acceptance rate is a poor metric of school competitiveness. It’s affected a lot by how much a school promotes their application process, and there’s also selection bias in the students that apply for more prestigious schools
Requiring subject tests is so dumb. I really don’t see a point of that other than to reduce applications
Yeah I mean I think it’s also more likely to weed out lower SES kids who are less likely to pay for the tests (I know there are fees waivers but it’s just one more hurdle that a lot of kids won’t make).
^if people ever think Harden will ever get a fair chance from NBA fans reread this comment and realize he’s getting shittaled for dropping 31 in a game the rest of his team shot 36% from the field
And game 5
I can see dry heat being more dangerous but humid heat is significantly more uncomfortable to deal with. I’d take 95 and dry over 85 and humid
...you literally named features that people are willing to pay for and make the car more valuable. If Lexuses and Toyotas were the same price which would you buy? There’s your answer
I don’t know anything about cars and I can see that a Lexus is different from a fucking Toyota lol. This place gets too edgy about stuff
Dad has sunk thousands into his BMW and it’s dropped to like $12k in value after 5 or 6 years with 60k miles on it. Not good
Pretty sure that’s a half Windsor knot, they’re not supposed to be symmetrical
I haven’t seen stats for black males specifically but competition has been going up steadily for 2 decades so I’d be interested so see a source there
You might have had a good experience but surgeons are more likely to be the egotistical ones than the med students. There’s a reason surgery is known as a more toxic field than any of the other specialties
Oh for sure, not exclusive to this sub, didn’t mean to imply that
I feel like an absolute clown
I don't partake but this sub gets *super* judgy about this topic
Doesn’t really make sense to say “Big 12 defenses” for 2005 lol
On the other hand it’s a little hard to be that enthusiastic over a 2 point shot in the first half a regular season game
I believe he was talking about the academies in general
Then write? lol
For n=2 I almost had a panic attack during BB (and I’m not a nervous test taker). Walked out feeling like I’d done worse than all my FLs. Ended up pretty positive. Overall your feelings about the test have a very weak correlation with the score you get because everyone else had hard questions too
DUI is above .08 unless you’re a minor
Who are your tier 1 QBs?
How many P5 QBs would you rank ahead of him?
Not that I disagree with your argument but I have no idea why you think triple doubles correlate with technical ability. Like what? Russell Westbrook isn't a particularly "technical" player
The "technical aptitude" to rebound lol ok. 9 years ago Lebron led the league in triple doubles with 4. Did the league get significantly more skilled since then?
Not really, it's much more about the rise of 3 pointers leading to longer rebounds that go to guards who are more likely to get assists
No but the game was also completely different back then as well. [Pace was extremely high](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/28edak/average_pace_possessions_per_game_over_the_years/). And I didn't see your edit until now but I promise you Dwight Howard and Shaq were not studying film to see how different players rebounds went
most of em honestly. It's generally lower tier schools that are focused on getting doctors that will practice in their state (Oklahoma, South Carolina, West Virginia, etc). Just go on the MSAR and look for schools that have &gt;20% OOS matriculants.
[This article](https://sports.yahoo.com/here-are-the-strongest-arguments-the-uswnt-makes-in-its-discrimination-lawsuit-230443224.html) says otherwise
Barnes is at best an average player. You just think he's better because he's not a deer in the headlights with the ball in his hands but he's bad at basically everything else. Not even a good defender
Do you want to commit 88 million dollars for someone that's just 'not the problem'? You can get far better FAs for that money
People don't understand that having cap space is always a good thing
Yeah and that's also a bad contract except Hayward was worth it when he signed
I listed 5 names that the Kings are not even talking to before making this decision. Again. You don’t have to spend right now. Fox and Bagley are your future. Get pieces based on their timeline
Basically everyone was against gay marriage 10 years ago.
Booker would be good. He can rile up a crowd.
Are you just picking and choosing things Trump has done that can be argued as passive? Vetoing the Senate bill that would’ve avoided the shutdown was an action. He decided to pull out of Syria without consulting or informing the rest of the DoD. He has praised Russia repeatedly. It’s not just a lack of action here.
And pays about 15% of what the NBA teams do
Buckingham Pi is so wild and I have no idea how that shit can work
They’re only a status symbol ironically. Nobody talks about owning Adidas or Nike shoes as some big flex even though they’re often double the price
I guess he got shit on by Magic fans cause I didn’t see anybody talk about him at all
And now they are no closer to building a good team than they were 2 years ago with no assets to show for it
Refs are now net even
Except for knees and ankles
This is a bad take. Defense is largely determined by your size, but it’s not height that matters, it’s wingspan. Almost all of the example of smaller guys that play elite defense (Smart, Draymond) have ridiculously long arms. Defense is a combination of physical traits, mental ability, and effort. It’s not possible to become a good defender purely by effort though.
Yeah there’s certainly exceptions to the rule but someone that’s Trae Young’s size has virtually no chance of ever being a passable defender.
Jesus Brewer I hope you’re okay
If this is as bad as it looks Brewer has to think about leaving football right?
As a Democrat anti-science is far from exclusive to republicans. Anti-nuclear and anti-GMO are more common democratic positions. Anti-Vax doesn’t have much political connection at all
You can...with their ratings. That’s kind of the point. How would you rank USC’s class, by average?
[Yeah good thing recruiting is completely meaningless and not a massive predictor of success](https://watchstadium.com/news/analyzing-college-footballs-relationship-between-recruiting-class-rankings-and-wins-07-01-2019/)
Assuming you’re telling the truth, you probably don’t want to dox yourself like this.
You just want a picture of a red rectangle?
You’re being needlessly pedantic. In every practical discussion where P5 vs G5 matters it makes more sense to consider ND as P5
The Nuggets have not shown anything that makes them scary in the postseason
You beat the 7 seed in 7 games. That is a below average performance. The Blazers were pretty weak for a WCSF opponent, and y’all couldn’t beat them
Tell him to do the math and realize that you should not do this for the money. The years of attending salary you are missing out on overwhelm the difference in tuition loans
At one of my earlier interviews I saw an interviewee who came in khakis and a button down shirt with no tie. I felt bad for him - a lot of pre-meds haven't had actual job interviews and I could see how you could miss the memo (kind of). The entire 7 hour day he stuck out like a sore thumb in the crowd. Then, a month later, I saw him at a different interview, in the exact same outfit.
Heads you get a Big Mac tails you lose your pinky finger. People defending Sherman here are treating the situation like that. Just because something works out doesn’t make it a smart decision
6-16 isn’t a particularly awful stat line
Half of the NFL goes bankrupt within a couple years and you want them to negotiate deals with Harvard MBAs?
People in this thread calling him a genius for getting a Master’s degree...
They were absolutely being smart. I can’t believe that anyone thinks NFL players without finance backgrounds have the chops to negotiate with front offices
It’s far worse than a game of chance where your expected value is 0. Your words about him knowing his body are preposterous. He’s not an expert on NFL contract negotiation. He did such a poor job the NFLPA stepped in to amend basic things that he fucked up
Half of the NFL goes broke within a few years of retirement and you think these guys are qualified to deal with complicated contract verbiage?
Can you elaborate?
And an agent almost certainly would have gotten a better deal, adjusted for risk
The type of pay structure used is different from the amount they are paid, don’t conflate them.
35 ppg against GSW last year
This comment is a bruh moment
Tbh I think Steph gets too much credit for the league changing. People had already begun to start shooting more, Steph just happened to be really, really good at it at the time
The worst effect of not being able to shoot doesn’t show up in your stats. Your defender being able to sag off ball and clog up passing lanes and help makes the job harder for everyone else on offense
MVP voting below like 4th place means nothing, a couple votes can swing it dramatically.
Capela gets efficient dunks and doesn’t post people up
It’s not even worth mentioning though. I’m aware it’s in the title. What’s next? “Lonzo is allowing 0% dFG through the first 14 minutes of this game?” Defensive FG% is also a stat that takes notoriously long to stabilize
Bro we’re 3 point favorites haha
God we just can’t put anything together on offense
Holy shit Bills this is a tough scene
Bill O’Brien is the worst game manager in the NFL
I fucking hope so
Fuck u man
This is actually not true. Someone did a post a few weeks ago on r/cfb. The difference is statistically insignificant at this point due to the low sample size of NFL OT games in the current format
You can run off that time literally whenever you want
Just talking about this one sequence here
Just can’t trust the rules analysts to say anything that disagrees with the refs call
A couple years ago the numbers were different. We’re still early enough in the new format that we can’t really compare them.
Texas is far from the only reason the game hasn’t happened
Not convinced that the Clippers have enough playmaking or size. That’s why they play the games though.
No way in hell Sam will leave, both for school pride and draft position reasons
Are there people that say that?
Yeah and there’s nothing wrong with this. Baylor made big plays in big moments and they deserve credit for it. That said, they probably are not as good as an 11-1 record would imply. Fans get very upset when you point out that luck has played a part in a successful year. In general, one score wins are not sustainable.
You cannot reasonable expect Baylor to beat Georgia. They were at a massive talent deficit and lost their QB
In the case of test fees, because they have a monopoly on it. It’s a 1 time fee that people have no choice to pay, and it is a gateway to a guaranteed six figure job.
We have a test for active alcohol intoxication, that isn’t the case for marijuana
Yeah I meant for each test
Another example that someone linked in this thread is Luka shooting 39% on stepback 3s, 6 points higher than his average
Pretty sure it’s pi. The x^3 * cos term is odd, and it’s multiplied by the sqrt term which is even. Since the endpoints are -2 to 2, this portion of it works out to 0. That just leaves .5*sqrt(4-x^2), which is just a half circle of radius 2.
Why couldn’t in college for this man
I hate to be that Homer fan but Vince Young at 81?? How is he the consensus greatest player in Texas history but not even top 3 on this list? That seems pretty absurd to me
There’s been 150 years. Going to a natty doesn’t guarantee you a top 10 spot.
Glad to see I’m not the only one that thinks that’s crazy. How the hell do you pick Andrew Luck over him?
He was elite, all time great for sure, but QB is so competitive. Just since 2000 we’ve had Vince Young, Cam Newton, Tebow, Vick, Sam Bradford, Baker, Watson, Leinart. And if we’re going to have a faithful list to history, no more than like 5 of these guys should be in the top 10. Tough for me to see Mariota in there.
Because they’re cherry picked? Do you think his stats are better than Baker Mayfield’s?
&gt;Tebow wasn’t good Clown post lmao
3 one possession losses is probably very average in CFB anyways
When you say vacation, are vacations actually something you can schedule in your 4th year?
Is that normal? That seems like a crazy amount of time. I need to check on my future school haha
Is an online elective just an online class essentially?
If you’re applying for something competitive do you need to be doing a bunch of away rotations?
Do competitive applicants get to coast for the last couple of months since the match happens early in the year?
Yeah that’s fair enough I can get on board w that
Syllabus week = no guilt about your hangover
Something I’ve wondered is have you analyzed your model’s record against the spread as a function of how much it disagrees? For example, if Vegas has a team -6 and you have them -7.5, what is your winning % on a 1.5 point difference? And how different is it from the winning % on a 3 point difference?
I'm speaking specifically to settings where NPs and PAs have independent practice rights, i.e., doctors are not directing them to order more tests. If hospital policies require them to order more tests due to greater liability, well, that liability exists because they have less clinical experience and will miss more diagnoses. I'll find the studies I've read when I get a chance, currently can't do that
Med schools are not the bottleneck. Residencies are. There are currently more residency spots than there are AMGs. The AMA actually advocates for greater federal funding to go to residency positions
[those estimates are pretty dumb and not based in reality](https://www.businessinsider.com/lebron-james-cleveland-economy-2015-2)
How is the residency lifestyle in optho? I'd expect it to be better than most surgical specialties
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/polls/president-primary-d/wisconsin/ Sort those by the state you want. Large leads in Michigan and PA, only a 3 point lead in Wisconsin
defensive FG% is a totally useless stat on the perimeter though. It has some value at the rim but none at all on the wing.
Not sure why you responded in such a hostile way a good faith comment? WRT your point about my interests being years away it is a career path that requires a decade of difficult training and negative net income and the pay at the end of it is a massive factor so yes, I think it is worth stating my interests are against the point I’m making. Regardless, US healthcare lags behind in a number of far more visible statistics. [This link has a number of useful examples](https://www.healthsystemtracker.org/chart-collection/quality-u-s-healthcare-system-compare-countries/#item-post-op-clot-rate-after-hip-or-knee-replacement-2015). In particulate, in Potential Years of Life Lost the US is roughly 50% higher than comparable countries. To be sure, our dietary habits aren’t doing us any favors but the point remains. Edit: I also want to make it clear I’m not agreeing with the above guy you responded and I am a neoliberal. Just saying that US healthcare is not the gold standard
How is that betting against the youth? They are literally giving you money expecting for you to succeed and pay them back. It seems like betting on the youth if anything
This is so misinformed for so many reasons lmao. US medical education is far from perfect but I promise you having too few barriers to entry is not one of the problems
But they did obstinately deny until it was incredibly obvious. Admitting it now is better but...is it that much better? Iran killed 170 people out of sheer incompetence and then denied it. I don’t see why you would have any kind of positive tone about them. Admitting it after the fact is meaningless Thanks for being a huge prick though. I’m ardently anti-Trump and you can check my post history to prove it but I don’t let my opinion there completely blind me to logic when it comes to foreign policy. The only consistent opinion mainstream reddit has is that what even Trump doesn’t like is good. this thread is full of people defending Iran purely because they’re against Trump here and it’s fucking stupid
That is an unfair analogy. Iran shot down the airliner out of sheer incompetence and poor planning
Holy shit titans can really do this
You mean Houston
So he’s got 2 good years left
Nah don’t fall into results oriented thinking. 4th and 1 at midfield is a no brained. Didn’t work out here, but they were 8/8 in the regular season. You don’t abandon a philosophy after 2 games
This is exactly how baseball people used to talk about sacrifice bunts and steals. “You have to manufacture runs in the playoffs”. Turns out the rules of the game are the same in both. You don’t win by playing scared
I’ll take hindsight bias for 400
The fact that y’all were simply so much better than us makes this feel better
Don’t see why your loop neoliberalism into this at all. I don’t see anybody else supporting carbon taxes
What a waste of time and energy
Can you give me your definition of neoliberalism?
I mean...haven’t they been though? Compare the playoffs wins this decade
These jokes always feel too contrived
Who won this year u bum
I remember him unironically ranking A&amp;M number 1 in his preseason poll lol
Check r/politics rn and get back to me
How do?
Oh you mean that 1 quarter?
Or almost every year Derozan
How illegal are they? Like cocaine level or what? Always seemed weird to me that you could get in trouble for that
This immediate 180 of Warren = Hillary is the most brazenly sexist I’ve ever seen progressives
He pushed UBI into the minds of passionate democrats who follow politics intensely. I didn’t hear UBI mentioned a single time last night and I haven’t heard it mentioned in mainstream discourse basically at all
Why would you hate to say that?
It’s a pilot paper ffs. Don’t let your biases get in the way of logic
How is the burnout rate overstated? If anything the burnout rate seems like the most important measure of the frustrations of a field
Seton is a total mess. Wouldn’t recommend at all. No real accountability or training and felt like a waste of time
You’re insane they’d never lose a game. You can double the other team every single play, have a guaranteed open guy, cherry pick with ease, etc
You could get a decent estimate of that from this data. I don’t see why you don’t think it’s notable. Penalties are more frequent than picks but they don’t drive outcomes that strongly
Nobody outside of Austin cares about Californians
Every major city has enough racists to make a small KKK chapter. San Antonio is fine
&gt;Parsons has always been all about the money As opposed to all the players who take less money for the love of the game?
When you do a flea flicker there’s different rules on stuff like Roughing the Passer right? I think I remember something like that
Paying RBs is a bad idea in the majority of cases though. You can get much better value with cheap guys and paying your line
This is a very hotly contested debate in healthcare and there’s no consensus yet. But it is true that handoffs between providers are when a lot of mistakes happen and it’s not clear if it outweighs mistakes from exhaustion
Source on the consensus? I’m not super well read on it but my understanding was that there was a lot of research supporting both sides
Giving Congress authority to make the decisions is the worst possible scenario. We’ve already seen Trump try to influence the Fed’s decision making in the press. It needs to remain as apolitical as possible. And while it’s not a perfect system, it has greatly improved the volatility of inflation.
Wowwwwww let’s cool the breaks
You can still trust the unemployment rate data though...
It’s...not a competition?
Terrible, god-awful take
Were they onboard? I haven’t seen it anywhere else
Probably not top 5 by most people’s rankings but still way up there
Gunning down innocents seems like what happened here though
Fitting, that game happened after the Rockets came back from down 12 with 2 minutes left
It kinda surprises me how quickly the script has flipped. I understand you're always gonna get criticized at Texas but he won a Sugar Bowl last year. Seems a little premature
Comments like this make me want to come to this sub less
Yeah he did a great job shooting 32% from the field while losing in 5
Everyone on this sub will support any of them as the nominee. Biden seems much more likely at the moment
So if he had called for, say, a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States”, would you take issue with that? Hypothetically
9.5% lol
I’ll support Bernie if it comes to it. But goddamn, his policies are about as bad and impractical as it could get for a Democrat. Anyone who supports national rent control clearly lacks the ability to critically examine information
Just blatantly not true. MCAT and GPA will generally help you get interviews but you need substance to discuss once you’re there. I can say this from experience
How is finishing med school necessary for this? Based on the fact that you’re using old MCAT scores I’m guessing that you have. If anything, your information is less accurate because it has gotten more competitive in the last several years. 3.8 and 31 (now 510) MCAT with no ECs is not going to get you very far at all if you’re ORM. According to the WARS system that’s only a 5/10 on stats. Yeah, 3.0 and 24 MCAT is going to mostly sink your chances but if you want to skate by with bad ECs you need a good GPA and an much more exceptional MCAT.
Did you make this account just to troll this sub and go on r/globaloffensive
Before or after 5th period gym?
If you wanna do private practice in a competitive specialty, it is probably helpful to go to a higher ranked place too. They'll all get you the MD (or DO), but I'd rather apply NSGY or Derm with Harvard on my resume
I don't recall exactly what the issue was, but either G Elliott Morris or Nate Cohn criticized it quite a bit, I'll take their word for it
And up in FL and NC lol. Even by this poll, he wins the electoral college
Don't want to hear any doomers about how +11 in an A+ poll is actually a bad thing. Trump is performing worse than any incumbent since we got scientific polling. It is looking as good as we could reasonably hope for November. No complacency, but we can appreciate that if the election were today, it would be the biggest margin since 1996, and possibly 1984
He has moved somewhat. In Bovada he was +120 or so a week ago, now he's +105. Bettors are willfully ignoring polls and overlearning the lessons of 2016.
This evidence is inconsistent with everything else we know though. There’s no way PA is 4 points to the right of Wisconsin, the opposite is more likely. It’s probably 2 or 3 to the left
Yeah I agree. Never really saw the charm there. Obviously I voted for him over Cruz but he was not a particularly good orator and he floundered in the primary badly. Did long term damage to himself
The most likely formula is 1) Keep all of Clinton’s states 2) PA/MI 3) One of WI/NC/AZ/FL Anything else is gravy. This is why Georgia Texas and Ohio don’t matter. It’s not that we can’t win, but they won’t be the tipping point under any circumstances
Source on that? I think the problem is that anything else you can emphasize is going to have similar issue with socioeconomic status, arguably worse. How many people working to help pay bills in college can afford to volunteer at the hospital?
Pennsylvania is not 4 points redder than Wisconsin. That’s just inconsistent with other polls from this cycle, with 2016 results, and the X factor that Biden is very popular in PA. And Biden is definitely not -4 in PA but +3 in Florida. These polls don’t make much sense at all.
The area of Austin he’s from (Westlake) is quite wealthy though.
It’s not possible in the current environment. Trump has a ~2.5 point EC lead. Anything above Biden +3 is a victory. Don’t overthink it
Is keeping up with inflation actually abysmal? My impression was that was pretty standard
you could still cover it with rubber and just not pressurize it
He resisted it internally but went along with it. So, not great, but not Cheney
The phrase I always bring up when people mention his base: don't worry about the average Trump supporter, think about the marginal Trump supporter. 40% of the country is brainwashed but that still gives enough space for a blowout victory, which we are currently on pace for
The quality of polling is just not there on PA. I think it's pretty safe to say PA will vote to the left of Wisconsin.
Dwight shoots around 80% from the line in practice. There’s a picture floating around from his Laker days
Wtf did the Texans do
That’s always been PG’s story
Yup. This is gonna be Trump’s go-to. “Democrats want to defund the police”. Biden’s gotta fight that one off
You're not wrong but it's a half truth. States don't move independently. Anything above a +3 popular vote result is almost certainly a Biden win
Well healthcare is one of those areas where the free market is not ideal in a lot of scenarios. And there are many places that pay doctors comparable salaries, Australia for example. The opposite problem is more common, i.e. neurosurgeons in Britain making 5 figures.
Yeah lol every doctor/med student I talk to hates the AMA for being the feckless organization it is
You guys know parties change right? Reagan won 49 fucking states lmao
Yankees fans are being such snowflakes in here lol. This is absolutely a fair time for Astros fans to be somewhat smug lmao
Would it be a stretch to say he’s done more for trans rights than any American? Not super familiar with the history of their activism
I understand wanting to keep up enthusiasm but saying it will definitely be a close election isn’t really evidence based
We know what Trump is at this point. He doesn’t have the tact to put a good face on basically any news
You’re not completely wrong but the truth is that empirically, we don’t see candidates running up the score in non-competitive states to the extent that you’re talking about. The tipping point margin is somewhere around Biden +2.5-3.0 . Anything above 4 points is effective guaranteed Nate Silver posted a pic today of state elasticities, I.e., how much North Carolina will swing for a 1 point swing in the national popular vote
Not sure if this is a hot take but gun control is such a waste of political capital. When you talk about the effects on the largest number of Americans, there’s policy positions that are a much better use of time and resources
You shouldn’t take special elections like that to mean a whole lot.
PA polling is garbage so far, almost none have been done. It should probably be a little bit bluer than Wisconsin
2016 🥺
Yeah that’s true. In general, the nation doesn’t have much of an impression of Biden - it’s what gives Trump’s campaign hope. They feel they can win against a “defined” Biden, so running pro Biden ads to help win that battle is very important. In fact, I think they’re much more effective than anti Trump ads, where people’s impressions are already fixed
As a Texan, I wouldn’t. I can’t realistically see his numbers dropping much more - it’s been an all time terrible month for him.
Not if you look at death numbers
not really what wave means tho? Currently daily deaths are about 1/4 of what they were at the max. That's a big enough drop off for me to consider it a distinct period of high deaths rather than a continuous one
I'm not an expert but there are huge tax benefits of paying into a retirement account when you make $50k compared to &gt;$200k.
North Dakota catches too much grief from people who haven't been to Mississippi
Susan Collins just got 10 levels more concerned. Keep this up and she’ll be full-on troubled
I suspect Klob has either talked with Biden's camp or can read the very obvious room and it's an open secret that the VP will be one of Kamala/Demmings/Bottoms (or Duckworth pls). My money's on Kamala
Are there really camps of people that care *that* much about the VP spot to besmirch other candidates? I didn't see that at all
I mean, he could potentially have been helping him out of a bad situation. He revealed it in a really weird way but it sounds like a benevolent thing to do
Burning to the ground = abortion rights limited, teens who have grown up here deported. So, yes, it does
Millions of Dreamers who will be deported in 2023 thank you for your principled decision
And also means voting for millions of Dreamers to not be deported
You’re an idiot then. America is the only place they’ve ever known and they contribute to the country in a positive way.
lmao
Yeah really just depends on your definition of a swing state. The approximate tiers are: MN, MI, PA NC, FL, AZ, WI OH, GA, TX, IA
I’ll take the people that defend abortion rights and Dreamers
How many beers fellas
Biden's plan is not single payer
I think you need to shadow DOs and have a stump speech about why you believe DOs have a more comprehensive way of treating patients that appeals to you
I'd also add that there's selection bias in this that hides the true extent of the difference. There are many DO students that would like to pursue Ortho but are unable to do so because they are unlikely to match. So the true match rate would be even lower.
He was speaking, to billionaires, saying that the government could raise tax rates and nothing would fundamentally change in their standard of living.
The tickets are free, or at least they were in 2016
COVID hasn’t developed multiple strains and there’s good reason to think it won’t
Coronavirus has a proof reading function that makes it orders of magnitude slower to do so. It’s not like the flu. there’s been repeated studies done and no evidence of serious mutation. Indeed, oftentimes mutation actually makes it less deadly in order to spread better, which is what happened in the Spanish Flu IIRC
It's an unfortunate thing about Trump being in office that any Republican that speaks with decency appears desirable, even when their actions are awful. Hell, GWB has a &gt;60% approval rating, and I'm guilty of wishing we had him sometimes
He won by 1 point against a pedophile lmao. This is an internal poll. He’s got no chance
He proposed making Juneteenth a holiday so that puts him above a decent chunk of the GOP
they're really teasing us with this timing
Trump is going to run on a message against radical protestors. The worse they are, the greater the chance it will resonate. Also, it is okay to criticize tearing down statues of progressive leaders
From what I understand, Marquette is considered the gold standard of pollster for Wisconsin
Especially when it is this transparent that Trump's actions are going to make it worse for him very soon. Houston is at 97% ICU capacity, up from 90% 2 days ago. Arizona has a sky-high positive test rate. Florida is fucked. This is about to get really bad in important election states.
How does a dean have time for that shit
The vast majority of the risk is being close to people, especially for extended periods of time. People need to stop talking about surface infection as a serious means of spreading - not that it's impossible, but it's not significant and people might feel more safe than they should when they clean surfaces
You did comment on them. Listen to public health officials. We are in a crisis. The news is definitely not positive
Eugene Gu is not a practicing doctor but represents himself that way. He can kick rocks.
&gt;most people &gt;wearing masks The Sun Belt disagrees with you
Is Russ and Daughters considered high quality? I thought it was delicious when I visited NYC but I grew up in the suburbs lol
In my part of the South it's kind of like a thing to have a crazy story with an Uber driver, like you'll hear about ones that let you hit their blunt or had crazy stories from prison or have a disco setup. Not like all the time but if you're in a group going to a bar it happens a decent amount. Don't really know how to describe it, it's probably more of a college crowd thing.
Should you make conversation with your local Bodega guy or is it like a get in-get out scenario
Yeah, what are the downsides anyways?
Biden is up by 10% and people still think this?
It was never a major headline in 2016
Bruh what
Why is that?
Thank you Justin Amash
Trump will lose significant influence if he gets embarrassed in November. If it’s a close election it’ll be a different story but if the GOP loses Georgia and Texas it will make them reevaluate. Conservatives don’t like losing and at that point it will be clear the nation rejects Trumpism
You know Reagan won 49 states right? Parties change constantly.
In the primaries this year, that one website that claimed exit polls showed fraud had occurred was guilty of something like this. If the exit poll showed 12% and the result was 10% they claimed that was a 20% error, which is incredibly misleading
Why?
