I’m pretty sure it was shampoo, not conditioner. And by pretty sure, I mean 100% sure. And by 100% sure, I mean I’m a fucking expert.
I second this. It’s nice to start off with a cheap player to get yourself going, but don’t play your records on them too much or else they’ll start to sound really bad. Getting a good record player, preamp and speakers are 100% worth it if you’re going to make a hobby out of it.
It means Trump Derangement Syndrome. OP is a retard.
Gahh my eyes. Hide those cords you heathen.
*Kevin farts* This sub: what does it mean? And is it about drugs or Melody?
Hot take: When it’s all said and done, *I think* Currents will be the zenith of his career.
4.75 singles to be exact.
Actually only two songs have been released so far. Patience isn’t on the album and Borderline was reworked.
Yes, you are wrong. Kevin said it himself - Patience is not on the album and Borderline is being reworked.
I think they are referring to overall direction. Seems like OP knows that Patience isn’t on the album when they said they’ve heard 3+1 with Patience being the obvious outlier.
While I disagree with your opinion about the music, I couldn’t agree more with you about the Tame fan base.
No I agree fully. This sub was fun pre-Currents and even after Currents for a short while, but sometimes there is no difference between it and r/tameimpalacirclejerk now. I like the new music but definitely not as much as the first three albums. People on this sub always say “it’s just a new direction” or something like that, but it really has nothing to do with the sound. Kevin has changed his sound with every album and every album so far has been amazing.
Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you were talking about Innerspeaker and Lonerism. I guarantee you that 100% of the redditors subscribed to this sub have listened to Currents.
While 5 is practical, more numbers means more drama which means more clicks.
Pro tip: an 808 should not be that loud coming out of an iPhone speaker. Though I can’t see your gauges I know you’re clipping.
Damn that’s *really* similar. Sort of unrelated, but this band sucks. Still, the Lost In Yesterday art is kind of a rip off of this.
I didn’t realize Okami 2 was actually a thing. I mostly enjoyed the first one, but man was it dated. Really interested to see how an updated Okami turns out.
This is really great. Loved it all the way through.
Really loved it. The only criticism I have is that I think the woodblock is slightly too loud. Also, I don’t mean this as any offense, but I liked the sloppiness. Not sure if it was intentional, but it really suits the song. Reminds me of old Built to Spill.
Neat 📸
Imagine posting this.
For sure. I’m guessing you weren’t well versed in foreign affairs before you were 5.
This is such a great video for beginners.
The best advice I can give is to *not* jack your bass up by using plug ins/overdrive. If any of your tracks are in the red, that means you’re clipping and compromising the fidelity of your mix. It’ll sound fine in Garageband, but the moment you export the song and turn up the volume in your car stereo or any other halfway decent speaker you’re going to notice how distorted and muddy everything sounds. So many redditors post their beats on here and that’s the number one thing I always see and it’s such an amateur move. It’s going to take some practice because it’s not an easy fix, but you have to practice mixing low and then using compression and limiters to bring your volume up. Mixing your frequencies is important too.
Funk
This is pretty awesome. It’s refreshing to hear something that isn’t another trap beat on this sub. You ever think of adding some snare in the chorus? I keep hearing a snare with ton of reverb on beat 4 when the chorus comes in. Would help differentiate the two parts a bit more in my opinion.
&gt;fenomenally
Nah. DK64 is really bad in my opinion and DKTF is one of the best platformers of all time. I want more of that.
I can read. I’d rather not have another attempt, a missed opportunity at a good game, versus something that they’ve already proven to be a winning formula twice. How’s that hard to understand? I think collectathons are boring and would much rather have another platformer.
I’m really not though. I just don’t find 3D open world like games (or like in DK64’s case - open level) to be that fun. If there was a more linear and focused 3D game like the Mario Galaxy games then I’d be into that. The side scrolling platformer DK games from Retro are some of the best ever made and I’d rather see another one of those than another attempt at DK64, which I find to be an awfully boring game. EDIT: fixed a weird sentence
Damn. This is great.
My guess is between 10a and 12p EST. I really don’t think it’s going to be a midnight drop. I think the midnight drop for Patience was an outlier.
Not yet. Drums need more compression and some more swing.
&gt;literally Yeah maybe
I’ve lost 3 pounds and I’ve finally started putting some effort into learning how to play jazz guitar after playing for 16 years. Definitely feels like I’m relearning the instrument.
Or a county line.
This is just weird as fuck.
Sounds like you’re asking if Garageband has a sampler on iOS. Yes, it does.
The trailer song is most likely called Wild Horses. One of the redditors here pulled the audio from the trailer to do a mashup and when they uploaded the mashup they were hit with a copyright infringement warning that included the song in question, track 6 on The Slow Rush - “Wild Horses”. ~~The full track was noted to be approximately 2:30, so definitely not an interlude but shorter than a traditional song.~~ EDIT: length is not confirmed. I misunderstood the original thread and screen grab.
Oh gotcha
I guess we’ll see. I mean, that picture could’ve been faked too so that’s possible. Though I can’t imagine why anyone would go through the effort.
With a username like that I’m not surprised you couldn’t figure out how to post your shitty beat.
Same. Definitely the song that I’m most excited to hear. Those house pianos are a legit vibe.
1. I’m not shocked that this doesn’t make sense to you. You still probably haven’t figured out that you didn’t post anything. 2. This matters why?
Yeah exactly
It’s been like this for longer than that. I unsubbed about two years ago, but I’ve been popping back in lately for any news on TSR. I remember checking in some time ago and the top post on the sub was a gas pump making a rhythm that vaguely sounded like the drum pattern in Be Above It. It’s ridiculous. And if you say anything bad about Tame or call it a band or use the word they when referring to Tame you’ll get corrected or downvoted. This sub can be cringeworthy as fuck.
I’m guessing it will be sometime in the late morning today between 10a and 12p EST.
Yeah
That’s disappointing. I was a *huge* ATDI fan in high school and never thought I’d see them live. I grabbed tickets to their reunion tour in 2016, but I had tickets to one of the string of shows that they had to cancel because of Cedric’s voice. After their latest album came out in 2017 it basically deflated my interest in seeing them at all on top of the fact that Jim was no longer with the band.
Lol
Close
The answer is no *and* they don’t actually give a shit about Benghazi either.
Too much going on. The best part of the mashup is when Kevin was singing over the EWTRTW instrumental at 1:13. I want more of that.
Yeaaaah sort of. I really enjoy this game as my go to “I don’t know what to play so I’ll just mindlessly play for a bit” game. Some people have some really fantastic levels, but eventually you’ll get sick of how obnoxious it can be with all of the sound effects and quirky little things that so many popular courses do over and over again.
RIP the OA
It’s also perfect for an album with 13 tracks and not 12 tracks.
Tame used to play Disciples live before Currents came out and it was longer than the album version.
It’s funny how they criticize r/politics for posting opinion pieces in addition to news articles when that sub is mostly memes and tweets.
[Here ya go](https://youtu.be/VPYas4fbMoI)
Respect
Can confirm. When I bought my first home out in the country I was paying twice than what I pay now for satellite internet with a 10gb data cap a month and then speeds would be throttled to dial up after the cap. My wife and I would go through our data allowance within a week each month.
Rad
&gt;What I love about KP is he’s not some prodigy who’s been classically trained Diatonic harmony isn’t rocket science. We are intrinsically drawn to harmony, it’s not like he cracked some crazy code. Kevin is a great artist and made some of the best music I’ve heard in years, but the literal worship on this sub is just sad.
&gt;it was hot fire at the time No it wasn’t. The reaction was *really* mixed. A lot of people wrote off Tame saying that it was turning into an EDM project.
The singles have been about a month apart give or take. I bet this is the last one before the album.
Oh my bad - reading that over I see that you’re talking about your opinion at the time not the general consensus.
Sorry I don’t have a point of reference. I think ultimately putting up a mic to an actual amp is going to be the best method (you can do this with an iRig HD 2), but the Garageband amps are the next best thing and are what I mostly use for the variety. [This is one of my songs using a guitar and bass in the iRig HD2](https://soundcloud.com/user675911861/pj1). This was using the Garageband amps. Drums and keyboards were added using the touch instruments.
I mean, it was at the time.
JFC Tame stans are literally the worst.
Literally a pentatonic scale. I knew how to play it already when I heard it the first time.
I refer to Tame as they and them because baiting the stans is fun.
Yeah this is definitely a riff more than anything.
I mean, Pond’s best songs are always the singles. Always. To be fair, they release a lot of singles even after an album is out (music videos).
Kevin pinched the Lost In Yesterday art too. I guess it just happens.
r/pinegrovecirclejerk
Yeah Don, let’s see that vagina on your neck.
A little different when this was announced 12 hours ago versus Obama’s announcement and delay all occurred in the same evening.
It’s not a coincidence, it’s just a commonly used word. But of course, Tame fans will read through any line thrown at them. If Kevin shit his pants y’all would be asking if it’s significant to Melody or is it maybe about drugs or his dad. JFC
Anyone else have a “holy shit it’s already been four years” realization?
I think hour and a half. I’m not 100% sure but that seems right.
Damn this title
Why wouldn’t you? If you die tomorrow you’ll never hear any of it. I don’t understand why people put an arbitrary limit on enjoying something. If it leaked in the next five minutes I would be first in line.
Nice
Booooo. More twigs.
Fuck off
To be fair, the poll aggregates did have her at a high chance of winning right around the drop of the Access Hollywood tape and then that probability lessened over the following weeks after the FBI announced an investigation into her duplicate emails. Trump was polling within the margin of error a few days before the election and then he barely won.
I think that’s a good point you’re making and that perspective makes sense. Now that you’ve mentioned that, I wonder if I would’ve liked some albums better on first listen had I not listened to the singles. The Weather by Pond is one that I can think of. I overplayed the singles before the album came out and the rest of the album in comparison was a big letdown to me. I probably would’ve been more receptive to it if I heard all of those songs at once.
They do
They can’t be fixed. You’ll have to redo them. Make sure you’re using a pop screen on your mic for the p sounds and make sure you have your input gain set at a reasonable level for your s and t sounds. Your waveform should have peaks and valleys and shouldn’t look like a brick (or a tiny thread).
People also complained that Funny People was not what they were expecting too.
I think it’s possible that it’s my least favorite song of all time. Absolutely hate it.
Exactly like it sounds. They would bottle him and seal the cap.
Blaming Trump seems like a reach, and I loathe the guy. EDIT: you guys are conflating two different things. Is Trump responsible for this shit show in Iran? Yes. Is Trump responsible for Iran mistakenly shooting down a civilian plane? I don’t think so. “Look what you made me do” essentially.
Yeah go over to r/tameimpala and tell me if that is what you really want. Seriously though, it’d be cool if it was a tad more active.
I already have the 14th off because I only work every other Friday. Not only that, it’s a four day weekend for me because I have the following Monday off for Presidents’ Day and I’m seeing Whitney on Sunday the 16th. Gonna be a good weekend.
Hell yeah it did.
Must still be hitting their sales metrics. I have it on Wii U, but would love to get it again. I’m only going to pay $20 for it though. So whenever that happens (probably in 3 years).
r/lostredditors
Ffunny Game
Where’s my top of the hour gang at EDIT: tell me something I want to hear, fellas.
Dude...
Just making sure you’re good.
Every time I stop playing for a few months I have to play consistently for about a week to get my mojo back. Still, I’m not a good player by any means. I can hang with the decent casuals but that’s it.
Watcher Knights were by far the hardest boss in the game for me. I never played the DLC boss though.
How did I know that the most rational response to this thread would be at the bottom
r/tameimpala: REEEEEEEEE
Kevin weed man no take music theory lesson. Can’t believe.
Kevin weed man
Tame Impala sounds really cool when you smoke some weed.
420
Very cool. I will. What is acid
Yea
Prison workout. Nice.
Like a month ago.
Bro 🤙
Cool
Purple and yellow translucent vinyl or just black?
Or it’s just the same name.
Why does that matter if it was before or after he was involved in politics? What difference does it make? People voted for him based on what they thought he did before he was in politics, so why is everything else off the table?
So Trump knew he was trafficking minors and didn’t report him.
Taxman rips
Forward Flower Boy - Tyler The Creator
Garageband on Mac is way more elaborate than iOS. More sounds, more features, you can download additional sound packs unavailable on iOS etc. I think the only thing you might be missing out on is the loops (not 100% sure on that).
I don’t get it.
r/pinegroveband
The lack of effort is the point.
I’ve listened to a couple of other songs you’ve posted before and it seems like your mixes are always really muddy and pushed to the limit/clipping. I don’t mean to be harsh, but I gotta wonder if it’s intentional? Are you panning at all or mixing frequencies?
Nice
You’re mixing too high. If you have any clipping at all on your tracks Garageband is going to detect it when you export the track and compress the entire thing, bring the volume down *and* causing it to sound muddy at high volumes (due to your waveforms being clipped). You should have no red on your gauges whatsoever.
Yeah that’ll do it. Basically there is a 0db threshold that you shouldn’t cross (and *so many* people on this sub do, so you’re not the only one) which will cause that waveform to clip. This is bad anyway regardless of the fact that GB compresses your project on export because it will make that waveform distorted at that part that was ‘clipped’. When the peak is clipped after it crosses the 0db threshold, it’s ‘lost’ when you play it back; meaning you won’t hear it. This causes it to sound distorted at high volume. However, if you mix lower, with the loudest part of your mix reaching the highest point of the ‘green’ part of the gauge, it’ll make your mix *louder* when you export.
Or Trent Reznor
[Same thing](https://www.reddit.com/r/PinegroveBand/comments/en94rt/couple_pine_shapes/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
I’m pretty sure Shauf cut it
I’m pretty sure Shauf cut it
Nice. Is No Drugs full band or just Evan?
Awesome! Seriously jealous and can’t wait to hear it.
I think I’d prefer a sessions album instead. Live Versions was great because most of the songs had those jammy midsections and now they don’t do that anymore. Since the live show is now a lot more artificial with all the MIDI patches to emulate the studio sounds and the electronic drums and such, I’d just rather hear a tight studio performance by the whole band with some great production.
Really agree with the bit about the element of expectation and surprise within the music. Kind of like your comment. I was surprised to see a level headed comment on this sub, but also as I scrolled down and saw the downvotes and my expectations were also met too. Seriously though, I haven’t read a more concise opinion on the topic and it was a breath of fresh air on this cartoon of a sub.
Just to be clear, because your comments on music theory are pretty stupid, knowing music theory doesn’t help you write better songs. Not knowing music theory doesn’t help you write better songs either. Diatonic harmony is innate. Kevin isn’t a ‘musical genius’ because he writes good songs *and* he doesn’t know any music theory. I always see people throw that line around or parrot it like you’re doing here and it’s a pretty easy way to tell that person knows nothing about music theory. Music theory tells you the ‘why’, it doesn’t tell you the ‘how’.
I’ve noticed that Pond tends to release albums around Tame Impalas schedule. Since TI has a new album this year I’d say Jay is probably going to be touring with Tame at least for 2020.
Another old(er) fan checking in. Pinegrove reminds me of of the music I grew up listening to except better.
And the vacuum’s
Evan was seeing a woman that was a part of their tour who happened to may or may not be dating someone else too. She felt over time that there was an element of coercion in their relationship because Evan was effectively her boss and she was sleeping with him while still having a boyfriend. She accused him of sexual coercion, he backs off and stops the band for a year out of respect and for self reflection, then the story blows up with the media. Because of a lack of details (out of respect for his accusers wishes) everyone else wants to jump in and fill in the blanks with what they think was really happening.
The last paragraph is the biggest eye roll.
Really big britpop/alt rock group from the mid 90s.
Hmmm I guess I don’t fully understand. How exactly is the beat impacted when you try to mix the vocals?
You have to wear wet socks or else you can’t get a boner.
Prophets is no more. The reunion in 2020 is with Zack.
&gt;Kevin has never done anything like this before 1. Desire Be 2. Bold Arrow of Time 3. Live revisions of older songs like Mind Mischief, Apocalypse Dreams etc.
I work in Human Resources for state government and we have a resource on our website for these questions: **What to ask:** 1. Will you describe for me what a typical day or week might be like in this job? 2. What qualities do successful employees in this job possess? 3. What are the upward and lateral career paths identified for this position? 4. Are training opportunities available to help me continuously enhance my skill set? 5. What role does this job have in achieving the organization’s goals and objectives? 6. What are some of the more challenging issues I would face in this job? **What not to ask:** 1. “How soon can I be promoted into a position like yours?” 2. “How much vacation time will I get and when?” 3. “I have small children at home. Are you flexible with my start time?” **Do not ask about compensation and benefits until you are offered the job.** This is just a copy/paste from that resource. Enjoy. Also, the note about the last bit isn’t really applicable everywhere. Compensation and benefits info is already made available to the public on the state website so it’s more of a waste of time if you ask about it and didn’t look it up yourself.
Cool tip, but be careful with increasing the bass/treble that much. You could really cause some headaches with clipping and mixing unless the master volume is turned down considerably.
What kind of music are you making? EDIT: I should rephrase - are you using distorted guitars?
It was the New Yorker, not The New York Times. Completely different publication.
I’ll literally take a video of you recording your turntable.
Working on it...
If you read the last paragraph you would know, as I stated, compensation and benefits is publicly available information in this case because it’s state government. I should add that the work schedule is also on the position description that is attached to each respective application. I already mentioned that this isn’t applicable everywhere in my original comment, but if you apply for state government and ask these questions in an interview that already covers these answers on the application and the website, then you’re just wasting time.
I feel like you’re filling in a lot of what I haven’t explained/posted, which I can understand since this is the internet and I’m just replying to a question and not necessarily laying out every single benefit with working for the state. I should also clarify that alternate work schedules are available and can vary depending on a number of things. What I’ve copied over is a general document that isn’t necessarily applicable in all scenarios. Hiring managers can and do work with candidates that are deemed valuable based on their education and experience. However, we also have many positions that only require minimum education and sometimes no specific experience. These “do not ask” questions are more geared toward those positions where we have hundreds and hundreds of applicants with no experience and only meet the minimum education requirements.
I’m sure that’s what you want to believe.
One thing I never understood about GameStop is why they would open up sealed cases and keep the carts/discs in a drawer and sell them as new full priced games. I get that it’s likely involving theft prevention, but why didn’t they just keep sealed games in the back and fetch them when a customer brings the case up to buy that game? I’ve heard that employees would even be allowed to bring the ‘new’ games home and play them for a period of time and they would still sell them at full price when they were returned. I don’t know, I guess in my opinion if it’s opened it’s no longer new and should be sold at a discount as a used game. I was pretty confused about the whole practice when an employee was boxing up the game and rang it up as full price. I didn’t buy the game and told him I was just going to pick it up at Target next door instead. He seemed pretty deflated about the practice as if he knew it was kind of silly, but also probably annoyed at the same time because there’s nothing that he can really say to justify it.
I mean, yeah. That’s what OP said...?
I think it could go either way. I was expecting a low score on Broken Social Scenes latest record (not the EPs from last year - Hug of Thunder) because they trashed the singles leading up to it, but it ended up getting BNM. Same scenario with Bon Iver’s latest record. I’m honestly expecting an 8.0 though. The classic “yeah it’s good, but we aren’t giving you the satisfaction of the BNM label” like they did with IGOR and the newest Arctic Monkeys.
Hopefully- what a surprise. So much good shit coming this week (new Pinegrove album and a new Real Estate single tomorrow!)
[I’d prefer a Star Fox film from this guy.](https://youtu.be/uieM18rZdHY)
&gt;What GameStop are you referring to that does this? Clearly it’s one of the thousand GameStop’s that you haven’t been to. Or specifically? The GameStop on West Main Ave next to Target in Kalamazoo Michigan. Have you been to this one? Or any of the other GameStop’s from the other responses to my comment that are confirming my experience with the policy? Nope, it sounds like your single anecdote unraveled it all. Got me.
&gt;It’s nothing to do with that policy I mean, I’m just one person, but that is specifically the reason I don’t shop there.
I’d be down for another year of monthly singles. Wishful thinking, but that’d be rad.
I don’t get it
REEEEE
Someone get this guy a medal or flair. This kind of skepticism deserves an award.
Pretty sure Alice is Sophie. I’m 99% sure this song is loosely based on his break up with Sophie years and years ago.
I wouldn’t use past albums as precedent. Really not relevant whether a particular artist had an album leak at all because the way an album leaks is always going to be circumstantial. I think it’s possible but still overall less likely than it was years ago due to protections and preventative measures that develop over the years. Plus now that Tame is a bigger artist I’m sure publications are more worried about backlash from the label if an album leaks and it’s able to be traced back to them. But yeah, if it leaked I would definitely listen to it. I’ve got the red/blue vinyl preorders already and I think an arbitrary date and time I’m supposed to listen to an album is just silly.
It leaked
It’s not confirmed at all, but just interpreting what I know with what I’m hearing. Kevin and Sophie dated (or were maybe friends - Past Life) years ago. After the split, Kevin dated Melody for awhile before getting back together with Sophie. I remember reading an interview right before Currents came out where Sophie was asked questions about songs on Currents that are about her. She gave sort of a non answer and said that they don’t really go into the subject matter about the songs that are about her. So we know they exist, but which ones? The Less I Know The Better lyrics include “wait ten years we’ll be together - I said better late than never, just don’t make me wait forever” which seems to be from the perspective of younger Kevin and Sophie. Maybe she had said that they know they’ll end up together, but we need to live our lives and get the most out of our youth? I don’t know. I do know that Trevor and Heather don’t exist as confirmed by Kevin. He said that was basically a throw away line - which is why if the song is about her, it’s a loose connection. Maybe he went into writing it with this hang up in mind and further developed the scenario into a more fictitious story. Kevin and others have also mentioned before that Sophie was always the love of his life from day 1. He’s been writing about her for awhile. It’s Not Meant To Be off of Innerspeaker is partly about her too (first verse). I think a lot of people wanted to romanticize his fling with Melody because they were both artists that made great music, but I also believe that the general consensus that Currents is a break up album about Melody is not quite accurate. Maybe Eventually and List of People, but that seems to be the only clear cut obvious example. Based off of Kevin’s history with Sophie, I would say that TLIKTB is loosely based off of her and Past Life is 100% about her. The rest of the songs involving a relationship as the topic could go either way in my opinion. Not enough to go off of to have a clear answer.
I always have good luck with the Brownstone preset to start with, and then you can tweak it from there. That amp seems to have a little more definition with what’s actually going on when you’re playing a distorted rhythm guitar than others. But yeah, I agree with you on the wall of sound complaint. Something about most of the presets is slightly off putting and unnatural.
Obligatory *you should get a better record player as soon as you can because that one will ruin your records* comment. Record is a beaut though.
Did you honestly expect them to think past their initial thought?
I have a “I’m not a fan of Trump, but (defends Trump)” on my card.
I have before. It’s not that it looks bad, it just doesn’t look like me. I still have a year or two of barely pulling it off and I’ll do it again.
Lost World 3DS
So desperate.
Don’t use those presets like telephone. Use more reverb on everything.
Nope! Just use the lead vocal mic preset or whatever else you’d like to use depending on your preference and then select the slider button to access your settings like track echo, reverb, bass, treble, plug ins, compression etc. I think you might be in the mic settings where you have that circle and the goofy preset options you can choose.
Yep there’s tons of different presets for guitar and you can also just start with a clean signal and change it later if you want too. I know the feeling. When I discovered everything GB can do years ago it felt life changing then too. Let me know if you have any questions - happy to help. By the way, if you pick up an interface you can add your own electric and bass guitar too. I use the iRig HD2 and it’s definitely worth it.
I just realized that many of the dumbest comments on this sub have been the same person all this time.
Wouldn’t it break up the continuation of the narrative from TLIKTB to Past Life?
Yeap, agreed. I personally don’t think it will, but we’ll see. With a high profile release like this you know a publication would be putting a lot on the line by risking a leak and having it trace back to them. Saying that TSR is expected leak is such an indefinite statement. If it leaks, “I told you”. If it doesn’t, “I said expected”.
No worries lol
Kevin played drums in Pond around 2012, but has also played drums on many of their studio recordings as well. He has produced every Pond album as well (not sure about production credits on the albums before Beard Wives and Denim). Nick Allbrook is a founding member of Pond and one of Pond’s vocalists/songwriters, singing on the majority of their songs, especially on the more recent albums. He has played guitar, bass and flute in Pond. He played bass for Tame Impala from the beginning up until about a year after Lonerism came out. Jay Watson currently plays in both Tame Impala and Pond. He is also a founding member of Pond and has played with Tame Impala since the beginning. Jay played drums for Tame Impala up until Lonerism, and then switched to keys/synths. Jay is also one of the contributing vocalists/songwriters in Pond and started out as a guitarist, but moved to drums for MIFLSA, and then played bass for Pond on the last two records, The Weather and Tasmania. Cam Avery is the current bass player for Tame Impala, taking over after Nick Allbrook left Tame in 2013. Cam also played drums for Pond up until MIFLSA when Jay took over drumming duties for that album. Julien Barbagallo is Tame Impala’s current drummer since 2012. He also played bass for Pond during the MIFLSA tour. Joe Ryan is a founding member of Pond and also a contributing vocalist/songwriter. I believe he has exclusively played only guitar in Pond. Joe Ryan also tours with Tame Impala and used to be their light tech. I think he still tours with the band, but I did hear that he no longer works as the light tech as the shows have become more elaborate. Also, before I cause any REEE fits, know that when I refer to the various people as members of Tame Impala, I’m referring to the live band.
Not at all.
I think correcting “they” and when someone refers to Tame as a band *on this sub* is where the majority of the annoyance comes from. Everyone on this sub knows, yet there are still a few out there that lose their shit.
Without unions **you** wouldn’t have: Paid time off, sick leave, holiday leave, holiday pay, seniority, bereavement, military duty pay, life insurance, medical insurance, protective equipment, shift preference, cost-of-living raise, work standards, prescription coverage, jury duty pay, dental program, paid vacations. Yeah, I’m sure you don’t have all of those, but I’m sure you really enjoy having the benefits that you do have. If unions hadn’t pushed the market to compete **you wouldn’t have any of it**. But fuck unions for making sure your boss doesn’t **make you** stay when you’re in the middle of something. Maybe you could just not leave? Crazy thought.
Aka Tasmania
I don’t. It’s a compilation.
Such a great album. This one came out when I was a freshman in high school and it still brings me back whenever I put it on.
No - you need an interface.
Weird. I thought they were incredible live. I love a few bands that kind of suck live so I feel like I’d be pretty honest with myself in that assessment too. I saw them this last September which is pretty recent. When did you see them?
You too, friend. I think that’s exactly how I’m feeling right now. She’s told me that it’s just not her and if she could just will it away she would. Hard to fathom what that’s like. I got to talk to her on the phone about an hour ago so I think that helped both of us. Sending good vibes your way as well.
Hm yeah different strokes and all that I guess. I think they are one of the best bands out there playing some honest, timeless and heartfelt music, but that’s just my opinion.
Definitely agree with you about Wilco and War on Drugs. Wilco is my favorite band of all time. Just saw them for the 13th or 14th time (can’t remember) in November. A Deeper Understanding was also my favorite record of 2017 so I hear where you’re coming from with War on Drugs too. Can’t say I agree with you on Pinegrove though. I’m not into emo either, and I know they have hints of it but that was mostly their earlier work and first record. Skylight and now Marigold have moved further and further away from the emo sound on Cardinal. I get it though, when I played Cardinal (2016) for my wife she told me to turn it off because it sounded like something she’d listen to in high school. After hearing Skylight she became an even bigger fan than me and Marigold went even further into the direction that appealed to her. In my opinion, I think you’re missing out. Especially knowing that you like both Wilco and War on Drugs.
64 Karma = 64 cents (USD)
That one got me too. Was so believable because it sounded like such a Nintendo thing to do.
So far it’s a toss up between dotted line and endless. It’s actually really hard to choose though because everything on it is so great.
Out Go The Lights is a top shelf Spoon song.
Sounds great
I doubt it leaks this early if at all. Maybe a week before.
Yeah I thought so too.
Of course. What matters is how bad it looks.
Yeah that’s kind of what I meant, just worded a little weird. They are only going to vote for whichever decision is not going to cost their job. How’s that?
&gt;Am I the only one No
...hmm my first reaction was disgust, but became more interested the more I thought about it.
r/iamveryrandom
Yep. After the N64 I didn’t pick up a console again until the last two years of the Wii. Since then I’ve picked up every Nintendo console at launch. But yeah, totally missed out on the GameCube, GBA and a lot of games on the Wii.
Because swing states exist and there are a lot of senators up for re-election?
Yeah same. I know it probably won’t happen but that’s the only way I’d ever play them. Don’t really have any interest in buying one and hunting the games down. I’ve played a few like Paper mario and the Zelda games but that’s it.
I never said nationwide public opinion. I’m talking about the opinion in each of their respective states.
That waveform is a brick
Courtney is amazing
For sure. I’m mostly excited for the described house influenced tracks on this album. I was pretty young when house music was big in the late 80s and early 90s so I’m kind of pumped to hear a modern take on it.
I swear to god if he wins the primary it’s going to be my most reluctant vote for a democrat ever.
It’s really not like a foreign language. He read Article 2. Read it yourself: &gt; The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together with the Vice President, chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows: &gt;Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or Representative, or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United States, shall be appointed an Elector. &gt;The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two Persons, of whom one at least shall not be an Inhabitant of the same State with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, open all the Certificates, and the Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes shall be the President, if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of Electors appointed; and if there be more than one who have such Majority, and have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall immediately choose by Ballot one of them for President; and if no Person have a Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Manner choose the President. But in choosing the President, the Votes shall be taken by States, the Representatives from each State having one Vote; a quorum for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two thirds of the States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice. In every Case, after the Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President. But if there should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall choose from them by Ballot the Vice-President. &gt;The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on which they shall give their Votes; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States. &gt;No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States. &gt;In Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability be removed, or a President shall be elected. &gt;The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them. &gt;Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Oath or Affirmation:-"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States."
Pitchfork doesn’t always release reviews on release date. Although I am kind of surprised they didn’t mention Pinegrove at all on their weekly new music article.
Well ok I guess I’m hungry
&gt;battle of public opinion People need to realize that this is the only battle they are fighting *and* it’s the only battle that matters. This is a political process, not a legal one. They are going to get up there and fling shit because it doesn’t matter if it’s true or not.
I didn’t hear any electronic drums on Neighbor so I’m not so sure about that.
Wild Horses gonna be one of those hidden tracks you have to rewind track 1 to hear. It’s just donkey sounds through a phaser and compressed to hell.
&gt;Kevin’s gonna say fuck Y’all don’t know what it’s like being male middle class and white.
~~I mean, not really. I’d chalk that up to an honest mistake, especially when literally every other track name was correct. Instant Delivery is a commonly used phrase so I could see how the mistake was made.~~ Edit: I’m stupid.
I’m an idiot and completely read your comment the wrong way.
You can also apparently Shazam it now. I haven’t personally tried, but that’s what I heard.
*This* is the r/tameimpala I know.
REEEEEEEE
It doesn’t
Borderline. It’ll probably change on streaming platforms to “Borderline (Single Version)”
This is a great song...but I’m not really getting Pond vibes at all. Maybe 90s Apples In Stereo, Foxygen, and also mixed with a late era Beatles like arrangement?
Not sure what you mean. Side B on Currents includes Yes I’m Changing, Eventually and Gossip and it’s all on the first vinyl. Is it possible that you’re confusing ‘Side B’ with ‘B-sides’?
I think it’s probably the latter. I bet Patience was originally supposed to be on the album, but decided to scrap it after he decided it didn’t fit. The album was supposed to come out before last summer and we also know that he wasn’t satisfied with Patience as he made the comment about how he wanted to change it. He probably just said fuck it and left it off.
&gt;It’s summer in Australia now Ah yes, so you must know of and are referring to the “out before summer” projected release date. Well here’s the thing, when the “out before summer” thing materialized it wasn’t Kevin who said it. All Kevin said in July of 2018 is that he hopes the next album will be here within the year. “Before summer” then became something that fans in the west referred to as the expected release date since it would be within a year.
Wow this rendition is beautiful
Watcher Knights were way harder in my opinion
This art was also used for Soul Speak by Our Last Night (2018).
I skip Sugar sometimes, but that’s it.
Do a studio version of SugarHouse next. Give the people what they want.
...huh? I exclusively use my phone too and I have zero issues with clipping. Turn your gain/track volume/master volume down.
Why does that matter?
Yeah agreed. I was just thinking about this today. I have a feeling, given his comments about wanting to revise the song and never actually doing it, that he may not even like the song anymore and figured that since everyone already knows it that it’s too late to make the changes that he wants to make, which could be extensive (holy run on sentence). I bet that after the album comes out he drops the song completely and never plays it live again except for maybe a handful of times when he decides to pull out a deep cut. I’m guessing everyone that went to the shows this last year might be the only ones to experience it live.
I think you’re reaching, no offense. I do think that the changes/difference in the bass that were mentioned will really help the song though and I’m excited to hear it.
I’ve heard from other redditors that there is a cool bass part in the outro that has been played live the last year, so I bet that was one of the changes included.
Unless you’re too stupid to even fathom how stupid you are.
Damn - second reply from you already, huh? Must’ve struck a nerve. How long did you pace back and forth in a fit before coming back with this weak rebuttal?
I’m sure you’re not the only one! I can keep them coming if you’d like. I have more.
What is there to refute? You’re not making any objective claims. How can I disprove *or* prove that “you don’t need an academic degree to know that she’s talking stupid?” Academic degrees vary wildly for one thing so meeting the demand of refuting this claim would require you to be less ambiguous. I’m not sure how much good would come from even entertaining that claim as it appears you’ve already busted out the emojis so I’m sure you’re about one step away from giving yourself a nosebleed.
Good question. Are you using the Glockenspiel? I don’t think you can with this one, which I thought was weird as I just looked myself. Normally it would be an available in the settings but it doesn’t appear that it’s available for Glockenspiel. I poked around the alchemy synth and I think the “glassy” option under chimera hammer might be a good replacement if you turn the sustain down and alter the settings. Good luck.
Apocalypse Dreams
...who said it was horrible? I didn’t.
Hot take: it would be more fun to play bass in Tame Impala than guitar.
I think I’d be down if that meant hearing parts of some really deep cuts.
It’s a rerun
Not for me. I already had the limited edition vinyl on preorder and waiting for a set date to listen to a finished album seemed arbitrary for me.
Your master volume/track volume shouldn’t ever reach the red. Turn down and use a compressor and limiter if you want the perceived volume to be louder without clipping.
A) continue spewing bullshit on Twitter without a rebuttal B) spew bullshit at a debate and get destroyed by a rebuttal I wonder what he’ll choose.
Piano needs reverb and your drums need to turn down. See that gauge in the upper right hand corner that shoots to the red when the 808 kick hits? That’s not good. That means when you export the song Garageband will compress your track making your song quieter. It will also be distorted when you play it at high volumes in some good speakers.
Is this free form jazz?
No one ever starts out making their best work so keep at it. I noticed that you’re manually tapping out the drums. Maybe try using the sequencer to help construct your drum beat.
Can someone make a tutorial on how to post a link for OP?? We need another tutorial y’all.
I admit I was extremely naive at the time. I actually hoped he wasn’t going to be cut before the first debate because I wanted to see the train wreck. I was also glad when he beat Ted Cruz in the primary because I thought it’d be a slam dunk in the general. Didn’t think the majority of people in states that matter would be that stupid.
Huh? I personally think it’s one of the best platformers of all time. Wouldn’t call it terrible even if I wasn’t a fan of platformers.
Ok
L E
Use the drummer then
There’s no drama. They all still hang out and support each other. Pinegrove is essentially just Evan and Zack. The other handful of members come and go when they are available. Zack’s brother Nick played live with Pinegrove up until after the release of Cardinal and then he came back after Skylight was released. He’s played on every record. Zack’s spouse Nandi has sang back up harmonies and provided contributions to every record, but only toured after Cardinal was released. Nandi and Adan are just busy focusing on Half Waif. Josh and Sam come and go too. Everyone also kind of shifts roles too. Sometimes Josh plays bass, sometimes guitar. Sam has played guitar, bass and now keys.
Not really. They’re correct.
Except the question wasn’t asking if you know of Gum, it’s asking how you feel about Gum, which assumes that you’ve heard of Gum.
Jesus. Good on your PE teacher though for not ignoring it. I learned about it in 8th grade English class too and my teacher turned the TV off and said we’d be seeing this footage for the rest of our lives anyway and continued the lesson.
Great. Well let’s keep the electoral college and instead add the appropriate amount of electors to better reflect each state’s population. That would be fair, right?
Check their methodology if you really want to know how their poll is conducted. Or you could write a paragraph asking the question while posing additional stabs in the dark on what their methodology could be, one of which is covered in chapter 1 of any intro to statistics textbook as an obviously unreliable method.
JFC that’s hilarious
This is some ridiculous r/tameimpalacirclejerk material to be honest. I love Tame, Kevin makes phenomenal music, but this should get a sticky on r/tameimpalacirclejerk. There are plenty of artists that have been dedicating their lives to their art besides Kevin. Most of them aren’t even famous at all! To say that Kevin is more worthy of admiration just because he’s famous is incredibly naive. Kevin also most certainly *does* want to be famous. He partners with fucking banks to sell tickets with tie in promotions to card holders. I love the guy and don’t discredit him for doing so because he certainly is just taking the opportunity that he’s getting and making the most of it, but this is the definition of selling out. Like it or not. If this isn’t selling out for fame and money, what is? He’s also including a copy of the new album with each ticket sale which is a tactic used to increase the sales numbers so it can be certified gold/platinum whatever it might be. Still don’t think he *wants* to be famous? “One day I’ll be a star and they’ll be sorry” And the lyrics in Borderline - worrying about how he’s going to be perceived. “Will I be known and loved.” etc. Not saying that this is necessarily a bad thing, but thinking that he’s detached from the desire to be famous is naive. He most certainly does. I like Tame Impala because Kevin makes amazing music. Definitely not obsessed to the point where I would worship the ground he walks.
It takes awhile for the battle system to unfold so my best advice is to not worry so much about getting it right away because it will eventually make sense. Once it does, it becomes really satisfying and fun to battle.
Ahh this reminds me of the similar questions I asked myself during the government shutdown over the wall funding earlier this year. Why not 2017? Why not 2018? Why now?
The game is actually not open world. It’s pretty linear, but the different worlds are really big so it can kind of feel like it is. But yes, there’s a ton of different enemies to battle.
For sure, same here. I think you’re going to like the variety. There’s even unique enemies that are considerably stronger that you can hunt down too.
Is it something by The Faint?
I mean, we are talking about them.
I use iCloud storage to back up my projects, which I highly recommend doing just in case something happens.
Sure!
I remember my uncle getting my grandma a Wii like in 2011. I’m guessing she played it once over at their house. Pretty sure it never came out of the box.
*autism intensifies*
REEEEEE
Kevin is definitely pulling some tricks too by including TSR with each ticket purchase.
I’ve only ever heard my grandfather talk in his sleep, but he said “oh yeah?... well I’m gonna kick your ass you little bitch” and I thought it was the funniest thing ever when I was 8 years old. Still miss him.
They won’t. That would mean that they conceded and recognize that they lost the election. I will be very surprised if this happens. They aren’t republicans anymore. They are 100% the party of Trump.
Andy Shauf’s new album
It did. Always seemed to attract unwanted attention. I lived in a small hick town where rednecks had nothing better to do than fuck with the pizza guy. Or some drunk guy would see you at the end of your shift when the store is about to close and order a ton of pizzas, then pay in loose change, and not tip.
Hell yes
32. Got into them around Lonerism when I was 24.
Damn. Sportstar is probably my favorite Alex G song. I don’t really like Sugar.
Don’t worry, those kids will grow up to type ‘fake polls’ in all caps on the Facebook page of their local news election polling articles. They’ll be fine.
I Don’t Really Mind is the worst Tame song ever. Nothing will change my mind.
This is how I feel too. Currents was a right place right time album. TSR will be an excellent follow up, but in 10 years Currents will be the one iconic album of the bunch.
Is it possibly distorted because your input gain is too high? Just a thought. Garageband amps are either passable or a complete miss in my opinion.
I’m talking about the input gain on your interface. Is that possibly too high? Which interface do you use?
Damn I actually thought I was the only one. All of the stans on r/tameimpala think his lyrics are so profound.
This is the new Tame Impala.
Shit stupid people say: South Park is a smart show.
Recycling would be fun
I dig this! Definitely had a Currents era vibe. I did a Tame Impala Lonerism era influenced [song](https://soundcloud.com/user675911861/pj1/s-Q7WTT) awhile back on iOS garageband and it’s still one of my favorite GB projects. So fun to make.
Fuck yes.
It’s not a demo, it’s a remix.
I’ve wondered that too. Pond are much more political and Nick has already made statements on the matter in the past. However, I’ll be surprised if Kevin takes a stance because I think that he thinks that he’ll have much more to lose if he upsets a portion of his fan base. Honestly I’ll lose some respect for Kevin if he doesn’t use his platform to say something like the rest of the music world. Edit: he did it. Props, Kev.
Breathe Derper
Did anyone else watch that Flint Town series on Netflix? Their police department is so understaffed and bare bones that they would be devastated if they had to deal with these protests in ways that other cities have chose to deal with them. I’m not saying that the only reason why there is so much goodwill coming out of Flint is because they wouldn’t be able to handle a large scale protest, but I feel like they’ve known for years that the best way to address the problem is to listen because that’s exactly what they’ve already had to do to foster change.
I’m supportive of Whitmer but this is the first time she’s had me confused about her messaging. I could see a good argument for nearly everything else she’s done, but I don’t understand why she opened bars and restaurants but not salons.
&gt;Methodist Can confirm. My parents are Methodist (dad is a pastor) voted for him for some reason, but are absolutely disgusted by him now.
Dude don’t worry about it. I used to do it too. The good thing is, if none of your tracks are clipping when you export Garageband will make your mix louder after you export it.
I saw your automation and cringed at the thought a little; you’re gonna have to manually do it. 😬
You’re just going to have to take each node and move it down so it doesn’t clip. It’s gonna suck.
There’s a lot that I wish Garageband could do. It’s essentially the free version of Logic so they have to hold out on some features to incentivize the purchase.
I don’t unfortunately. I exclusively use GB on my iPhone as a side hobby. I’ve thought about upgrading but haven’t pulled the trigger yet.
Nice! Loved it
The ol’ Hendrix major chord
I feel pretty lucky that I seem to be an outlier with the joycon drift issue. I’ve had my Switch since launch night and I haven’t had any drift issues with my joycons. I also play with the pro controller about 80% of the time though.
Might as well not make a statement about anything if you aren’t going to make a statement about everything, right?
I mean, it is kind of a big deal to make a statement like this. It’s not like this is a no brainer PR stunt. There are plenty of racist consumers that will not appreciate the stance they are taking here even if it seems like they were pressured to say something because everyone else did first. Why do you have such a big problem with the company making a statement about *this*? If the company instead had made a statement about HK protestors, would you have said what about BLM or no?
So I’m guessing the answer to my question is no since you didn’t want to answer it. I shouldn’t be shocked that someone diminishing and downplaying the importance of this issue didn’t want to answer that question. America first, unless we have to look ourselves in the mirror and address one of our own problems and then it’s “uhh look over there.”
The only chance he will do it is if there’s a live audience.
You can’t even fathom why anyone else would do this because you can’t fathom doing the same for anyone else is essentially what this boils down to.
No, there are plenty of other fans that are also wrong.
Same here. Borderline was my least favorite Tame Impala song when the single came out. It felt like a stale, meandering and unfocused song in my opinion. The new version is a leaner, punchier and focused take on the song and I absolutely love it. One of my favorites on TSR now.
I absolutely love this. Hearing multiple basses without guitars reminds me of the band [Pinback](https://youtu.be/JrGlbAPR5RQ).
I mean, something had to go. I guarantee you that Gossip would be the first to drop on a Currents survivor round. Not because everyone hates it, but because there’s not as much there compared to other songs.
It’s always a good idea to abandon a Reddit username after several years. I should take my own advice.
PR stunt. This is about him.
Bruce Lee? Yes.
&gt;Patrick r/oldpeoplereddit
&gt;because if they don’t, they get sued. You are so full of shit that isn’t true at all and you know it. A company cannot discriminate based on race, but if they have a full staff with only a single ethnicity they are not going to get sued ya fucking dolt. Only when someone can demonstrate that they were not selected based off of their race versus their capability to perform the job. Read Title 7 of the Civil Rights Act of 64.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo
This is my mom
Her name is Marg
She is 52.
Where do you think this mentality is going to lead? What is this going to realistically accomplish? Police reform needs to happen now, but this is a bad take and it’s also juvenile. It’s okay to be angry and upset about all of this police brutality, and it’s also okay to want to work toward changing the system, but this mentality is only going to make things worse.
I know, I’m upset too. I just don’t know if throwing gasoline on the fire is going to help. Maybe I’m wrong, but I just think there’s got to be a better way. Defunding the police would be a start.
A bad ass album by an Australian psych rock band.
Because opportunists exist.
Seems like you’re lapping up disinformation.
This is great! I can tell he grew up with the 90s alt rock/grunge and early 2000s rock music.
The hard part about answering these questions is the answer is going to vary from song to song. Learning how to master something isn’t something you learn over night unfortunately. Mixing frequencies is huge and probably the number one most important step. You could also hire someone on Fiverr and pay a small amount to have your tracks mastered until you learn yourself. I’ve done this before. There’s tons of engineers on there looking for small jobs.
Same here! It’s been 10 years for me. Just a lame dad writing indie rock and R&amp;b in my basement now. 🤙
Yeah same. I’d say have it pop up if you lose to the same boss 5 times or something, but don’t do this shit every time.
To be fair, 2 wouldn’t exist if it weren’t for 1.
It’s almost as if blacks are being killed at a significantly higher rate.
I think this is pretty great! You need to add a lot of reverb on everything though!
I haven’t listened to my Wilco vinyl in forever and I have all of them. Hmm. Probably the third LP of AMF. The YHF/AGIB b-sides are some of my favorite Wilco songs.
Regarding the pitch correction: I would work on the first song with pitch correction in one project and then bring that audio file into a new project with the second song you’re mashing up so the pitch correction applied to song A is retained in that audio file.
Sweet. Good to know. I have an old Technics from the 80s and it’s a great player but I’m tired of having to take it in because of a loose connection in the back. Looking to get something a little less bulky.
Sharla makes battles take forever.
Alright. Pineapple pizza gang can stay but you have to leave. I’m sorry.
Black cherry tastes like Mondo squeezers.
“Oh you mean the same polls that said Hillary would win??” - a dumb ass.
Oh for sure. But Republicans love to conflate the post Access Hollywood tape polls with the post duplicate email investigation polls as if they were the same.
Hi I just wanted to piggy back on their comment; you can accomplish a lot with Garageband. A lot of bigger artists have used Garageband to record commercial albums. [Steve Lacy](https://open.spotify.com/track/37y7iDayfwm3WXn5BiAoRk?si=iVbWd8djRQ6MhtxWUPkZ7w) is known for recording with iOS Garageband and the band [Pinegrove](https://open.spotify.com/track/6TcAp6DC1327S8L6DCS2qD?si=0GjcDJU-R1eF7x6PVDknug) uses the Mac version to record their albums. Even my [old band](https://endermi.bandcamp.com/track/illinois-2) from years ago recorded live (with minimal overdubs) into Mac OS Garageband. This was using a version from 2010. Knowing what you’re doing matters way more than the software that you’re using. If you’re looking to get a commercial sound you have to learn how to mic properly, get great source audio with a healthy input gain, learn how to mix frequencies (I cannot stress enough how important this step is - this will separate the amateur records from the pro recordings) and also learn how to master using compression and a limiter. If you are unsure how to do all of this, I highly recommend using Garageband until you are familiarized with recording in general and then move on to a better DAW.
You would have to mic your amp and switch the interface to THRU so it adds the effects but not the app amp. I don’t know if irig 2 has the ability to do that, but the iRig HD 2 does.
Good one. Big brain time.
Trump literally fell asleep at a coronavirus briefing. How in the hell does Biden get the sleepy nickname?
We have the exact same collection right down to the colored vinyl.
I still think the first three tracks on Currents should’ve been Nangs -&gt; The Moment -&gt; Let It Happen.
Daddy I like green pong
Ok bud 🤡
It’s almost as if this is a new virus that they are still learning how to effectively handle.
Cousin discount: only 4,500 bells
It’s another concept album that takes place over the course of a single night just like The Party. Pretty great stuff.
My little girl who is almost 5 loves playing Breath of the Wild. I played my first 3D Zelda (Ocarina of Time) when I was 10 years old. I loved it and I was able to beat it within a couple of months. I say go for that one.
Gotta do that sneaky archer build, my dude.
[Maybe some old Tame Impala too when it was still a psych rock project.](https://youtu.be/ENBNBAifJas?t=261)
Gain and input gain are a little different! I’m sure your gain was at 9.5 because your input gain was so low. The input gain is going to be on your interface, not Garageband.
The use of the word *like* makes this a simile. The more you know.
Does he know about shrinkage??
Shrek
How about all of these dickheads just shut the **fuck** up?
I bet you have some normalization setting enabled. I’m not super familiar with Mac OS Garageband, but I know with iOS normalization is automatic. With Mac OS you should be able to turn it off (I don’t know how to do this). Basically if your overall audio file is less than 0db, normalization brings it up to 0db making it louder. Turning normalization off should make the whole project keep the volume as you hear it in GB. Also, is this audio file of Whitney Houston? Is this for a meme post? lmao
A warioware styled version of classic NES games. The end.
Per se* Not trying to be a butt, I just don’t want you to goof when it counts.
I love these guys so much.
Currents stan checking in.
I doubt anyone thinks that enduring a Trump rally and COVID-19 would be worth the trouble.
Somehow I’m not surprised if that’s true about Krist.
It’s still here. In fact, the president still recognizes it as a threat seeing as he is requiring supporters registering to attend his rally to agree that they cannot hold his campaign liable if they get infected at a rally.
Yeah this game was going to be big anyway, but the fact that it became sort of a phenomenon is pretty awesome.
I mean there’s a number of years where the big holiday title is first announced at E3 that same year. Nintendo for the most part is not like their competitors where they announce games 3-4 years before release.
We just had a solid 16 years of “at least they’re not a pedophile.” Let’s hope we can get back to that.
You’re correct, he does. The song opens with an inverted E major chord where the major third (G#) is the lowest note of the chord (6th fret on the D string). Use your third finger on this note and then bar the fourth fret on strings D, G, B and high E. Place your middle finger on the 5th fret on the B string (which is E). Strum those four strings and you’ve got an inverted E major chord. To do the little hammer on, just take your third finger off the G# (6th fret of D string) while your first finger is barring the fourth fret and hammer onto the 6th fret. I just gave the basic chords to OP because I wasn’t sure what their skill level was at.
Damn. I interpreted the download with a preorder as “you’ll get the download on release day.” I guess I’m off to retrieve my download!
My download came with the vinyl preorder
Alright, no. Other outlets have reported prematurely before all of the facts were out or have had to make corrections based on what was thought to be legitimate (though shoddy) reporting. That is not the same thing as intentionally creating fake news/propaganda, which is what Fox is doing here.
&gt;basically
You could set up two tracks, record the progression once on track A, and then record it again at the start of the bar that track A ends on track B - then just copy and paste it. Next best thing besides doing an entire performance.
Or you could just throw it away if you want to vote in person instead of making a spectacle like a 14 year old edge lord.
A little context matters here. Burning flags were a way to protest... mail in voting? We’re talking about mail in voting, which is harmless and optional. What are you even talking about?
There is always one comment like this in all of these recommendation threads. “Hi guys, I really like the song The Less I Know The Better, where should I go from here?” “Innerspeaker”
This is a ~~popular opinion~~ fact.
Agreed. This is such a great EP. The songs and the recording are next level shit. Best sounding TP recording so far.
Cars, planes and cruise ships. One is not like the others.
I mean, there’s stock sound effects in this clip. Plus it says simulation right in the title. And the shitty graphics...how?
People love to cite the probability of Clinton winning that was projected after the Access Hollywood tape and before the reopening of the duplicate email investigation as a way to dismiss things that they don’t understand. Truth is, Trump was polling within the margin of error days before the election. But he would love to remind people that are incapable of understanding nuance that the polls were fake and you shouldn’t trust the media, pollsters or anyone except him.
Russia interfered in the 2016 election. *This is a fact.* You’re conflating that fact with the Barr summary of the Mueller report which stated that there wasn’t sufficient evidence to conclude that Trump personally colluded with Russia to interfere with the election. Russia still interfered.
No, fuck that. Russia hacked election systems, extracted data on millions of voters, sent spear phishing emails to election officials and voting machine manufacturers, installed malware on company networks of those that manage voter rolls in addition to the active measures disinformation campaign that you’re citing. Stop moving the goalposts, clown. Russia interfered in 2016 and just because there wasn’t sufficient evidence to prosecute doesn’t mean there wasn’t any smoke at all.
No, it obviously isn’t, and yes, it was pretty shitty for the fire department to pose for a picture in front of the homeowners burning home. You can have your bait back. Try harder.
No kidding. Announced in summer of 2016, released in November of 2017. I do think Currents was the outlier though. He seems to be fully focused on Tame Impala at the moment.
Based on what? A gut feeling? You’re literally making this up. Target has not mentioned that they will be cutting hours at all and this has been in the works since 2017 when their minimum was $10 that they would bring the wage up to $15 by the end of 2020. They’ve been working on this for years and raised the minimum to $13 back in 2019. Quit your concern trolling. If they had plan to do this to cut hours and benefits all along it would’ve been cheaper to pay for benefits while retaining a $10 minimum wage, you clown.
So at best it’s just conjecture at this point. Cool, thanks for your input. Why didn’t Target just keep minimum wage at $10? That 100% would’ve been cheaper. Answer that.
It doesn’t cost them more than 50% of their wage at $10 an hour. I work for state government and my healthcare is 40% of my salary. There is no way Target employees are getting better healthcare options than me. Any other talking points you want to try out? 🤡
All thanks to Gretchen.
Also couldn’t cut your hair which is basically slavery.
It’s called harmony sweatie
It was. It’s been 10 years and we still laugh about how random it was. Now we have two little ones.
Jeff Tweedy is an amazing guy. Waiting for the inevitable onslaught of *stick to music* that always seems to happen after Jeff speaks out. You’d think the clueless part of his fan base would’ve jumped ship by now between his lyrics and past activism, but there’s always a good number of fans that literally need to be hit in the face with a brick before they realize he’s always been like this.
I got a pretty good chuckle out of this. I suppose his music only recently started having more apparent political undertones, but still.
I’m surprised your comment didn’t get a reply even though it came first. Had to go for any kind of low hanging fruit from the comment that followed I’m guessing as there was no way they would’ve been able to support the claim that you’re questioning.
Imagine caring this much.
Oh no, you don’t understand. He doesn’t actually care about there being an alternate, less revealing outfit. He just wanted to say titties bad and was just trying to find a way to throw it out there.
Sounds like Jay to me.
So back to Currents
Kevin: it’s not that deep r/tameimpala: but like, what does this even meeeaan?
Would rather have a Sessions album sort of like Pond’s release last year. Tame Impala’s live show is basically like a production at this point and to me it’s more of an act that benefits from the visuals and the experience. Unpopular but true; Tame Impala as a live band is not that earth shattering. Kevin’s records are, but these guys aren’t mind blowing performers in a live setting. They get the job done, but it’s all super stiff, rehearsed and static. The lighting and visuals is what sells the live shows. Just watch any of the recent late night performances - without the bells and whistles it’s just decent to mediocre. I’d much rather have them hammer out some studio session takes of their live renditions and get a good quality recording where everyone is super focused rather than a live album of the band with serviceable musical chemistry playing identical versions of songs off of Currents and TSR.
Ma bahdey
I mean, no. They should listen to it eventually for sure. But it’s really like someone dipping their toes in the water trying to get adjusted and someone suggests doing a cannonball in the deep end.
Yeah maybe
&gt;Pilotwings I mean to be fair it’s been longer since we’ve had a brand new Metroid game. They released a Pilotwings game on the 3DS.
After buying Sticker Star and Color Splash at full price, I’m definitely going to be buying this when it’s on sale *if* it’s at least an 8/10 game. I’m not touching this hot stove again.
I know you’re joking, but this is the exact kind of well actually arguments that come from the right.
Yeah this is a huge EP. Four fantastic songs and they have never sounded better. The dudes sound incredibly tight on this EP and the recording is their best yet.
Hmm. In my opinion it seems like your mix is kind of off. The drums are pretty loud, especially the snare/clap and your hi hats. It also seems like the treble is cranked on those parts of the kit because it’s really shrill. How much head room do you give yourself when you export your mix?
Another tip: *always* keep your levels in the green/yellow. Never ever push your volume up to the red.
You created an account just today to post a dumb ass fallacious argument on a sub dedicated to music production software after posting it to your own profile. Amazing. Good luck with Reddit and also being a dumb ass.
If Shulk only had the option to pick between Armor, Shield, Purge and Speed that would be gr8.
Sounds like you have no idea how the committees are chosen.
I think he knows what he’s doing and it seems to work with his base.
You seem to be using subjective metrics to justify your argument. Many games have a higher resolution when docked. Point for console. See, it’s stupid.
Well I prefer higher resolution over minor performance dips so the switch is a console.
Nice
I care about making sure people know they’re stupid, not whether the Switch is a console or handheld.
Slightly off topic; have y’all heard the remixed Sgt. Peppers version? So damn good.
I’d say that’s probably accurate for me too. It’s definitely in my top five from this last decade.
I can’t wait until Joe Biden is President.
Me! Love this version. There use to be a website called sooutoftune .org that hosted hundreds of Wilco soundboard recordings that you could stream. You could filter your search by year, artist (Wilco, Tweedy, Jeff Tweedy, Nels Cline, Golden Smog etc) and listen to the soundboard recording of that show. I would spend a lot of time in the 00-04 years listening to live shows because that was a time when Wilco would play a lot of songs that were still in the works. There were several different versions of many YHF and AGIB songs and I think Spiders had probably 3-4 versions before they settled on the AGIB version. I also remember there being several different versions of I’m The Man Who Loves You. It’s too bad that site is no longer out there. It was incredibly well put together. I use to relive various shows that I attended on that site.
Republicans: look at the 2016 polls (after the Access Hollywood tape and before the reopening of the Clinton email investigation that turned out to be duplicates) that said Hillary was going to win! Also Republicans re: polling: no one ever asked me! Also Republicans: what’s a random sample? Also Republicans: higher education and universities are liberal indoctrination centers Also Republicans: take a look outside and count the amount of Trump flags to Biden flags Also Republicans when Trump loses: RIGGED
Hey that’s cool! Next best thing. Too bad you can’t stream the entire show without buying it, but the sound quality is really good and seems to be worth it.
No worries. I think Wilco realized there was a market for their soundboard recordings and capitalized on it. So Out Of Tune and Owl and Bear were the websites that hosted soundboard recordings for both streaming and downloading respectively before Wilco started doing their Roadcase series. It sucks that they don’t exist in that capacity anymore, but I get it. Jeff &amp; Co work hard and put everything into their craft and still have resources to give back.
Really noticeable actually. You can hear noise at the beginning of Instant Destiny and Tomorrow’s Dust especially when the guitar comes in.
Add tremolo on everything else and then step into the portal.
I personally think Pokémon has too many, but maybe it’s just not my thing.
I think you might be confusing Via Chicago with something else. Via Chicago is (was?) just a Wilco forum. The admins are pretty close with Wilco so I doubt there was any torrenting going on.
Kevin’s production secret in a nutshell.
I’ve listened to most of the bands suggested here, but nothing else started a Tame Impala like obsession for me other than Unknown Mortal Orchestra. Check out the album Multi-Love and go from there.
I get the impression that Kevin is much more sober these days. Awhile back there was a meme account on Instagram that had two pictures, one that said ‘Tame Impala fans before 2015’ and it was a picture of a group of younger grungier guys taking rips, and the other one said ‘Tame Impala fans after 2015’ and it was a picture of women drinking wine. Kevin saw the post and commented (paraphrasing) “you could just say Tame Impala sans fans and it would still be accurate.” Obviously a joke, but definitely seems to signal that he’s kind of slowed down in that area. I also remember seeing in an interview that Jay no longer partakes and leads a relatively sober life now too. If Kevin is anything like me, feeling older in his early 30s, it’s just rough on the body at this point.
Aren’t all of the streets in downtown NYC numbered though? Are there any actual street names down there?
Same here. Close runner up would be the synth that comes in during the “but it’s okay, I think there’s a way” part.
Toejam and Earl vibes
I think you might be thinking of Is It True. The Spotify warped commentary noted that he wrote the bass line in the grocery store. Unless he wrote a number of songs at the grocery store.
Pretty sure nursing homes and retirement homes are two completely different things. But hey, why not be a dumb ass and conflate the two? Nursing homes are literally there to house and assist seriously ill people.
Imagine being upset about Covid numbers while simultaneously refusing to wear masks in public. Spare us your fake outrage.
No kidding. That first response was ridiculous. “We might install an HVAC filtration system that’s kills 99% of Covid-19 that doesn’t exist.”
Pretty sure everyone that planned to go to the gym the first day it reopened in the middle of a pandemic is a gym bro.
This could’ve been an E3 top story.
What a selfish bitch for showing solidarity for a community that has a higher risk of dying every day of their lives even without Covid. Imagine thinking that you’re dunking on anyone by posting that pic.
Actually the latest polling shows that most people are in favor of Whitmer’s response. Your Facebook feed doesn’t count as a legitimate dataset.
I can’t seem to escape this song this week. The [music video](https://youtu.be/X5KmB8Laemg) is such a perfect snapshot of 2001 right before everything went to shit.
This is just a zoomed in Nopon butthole.
Nice alt rock vibe you got going on there. Dig it. Constructive criticism: your input gain is too low on your acoustic guitar and vocals, which makes it a challenge to mix properly. Unfortunately there isn’t anything you can do about it to fix it after it’s recorded, you just have to do it again. Your waveform should be much bigger. It should have peaks and valleys, but right now it’s a tiny thread. When I’m doing a quick take on my acoustic guitar, and I’m using my earbuds instead of my mic, I will take the right ear out and put the bud in the guitars sound hole so the built in mic gets a much better recording. Also, let me know if you’re ever interested in having me mix your next project. This is a [sample](https://soundcloud.com/user675911861/ter-4m-tape-1/s-1rDDkKohGBQ) of a song I made, mixed and mastered on iOS Garageband.
So bad ass. Your mix sounds fantastic.
&gt;the chord is always named after the lowest note Wrong
Sounds like you would know?
When the federal government shut down in early 2019 putting thousands of federal employees out of work over border wall funding that they only finally started to seek funding for once the democrats held the majority in the house (almost as if it was a dangling carrot all along), Republicans in support of the shut down suggested that those employees get a job as a bartender. So since they are the same group holding up funding and removing oversight on the half trillion dollars of taxpayer money that congress approved of, I’d imagine their response would be the same here; pull yourself up by the boot straps and go to the job store and get a job.
She did. This is a fact.
I hope you’re happy.
That’s great. My daughter is almost 5 and it made me realize that I’ve been listening to Tame since you were that age. She loves Tame Impala now, but I also wonder if she’s going to think it’s lame dad music by the time she’s your age.
Still not true.
And mosquitoes
What’s wrong with Paw Paw?
It’s an Apple Music exclusive
Gotcha - I kind of figured that may have been the case. I went to high school there awhile back and it was pretty bad back then, but I thought things may have changed. I don’t live in the area anymore so I don’t keep up with the news, but I did hear that they finally changed their school mascot.
3/10
Recalling Schiff’s closing argument during the impeachment trial - what a chilling prediction.
I saw one of the shows at this residency in support of AMF. Couldn’t tell you the exact date, but they played Panthers and Dark Neon for the first time and also played YHF b-side The Good Part. I had seen Wilco so many times at that point and that show was extra special because of all the deep cuts you normally didn’t get to hear live.
I think the switch is fine, but it should’ve faded out sooner. I think a good 30 seconds should have been trimmed off the end of that song and he could just make it longer for the live version.
There is no Mario canon.
r/Michigan
So good. Where did you get the acappella track?
New Person Same Old Mistakes
I don’t really think so. He seems pretty self aware and has said many times that his personal tastes impact the scores he gives. He just doesn’t really like Tame Impala as much as other people and I think that’s fair. I mean, he gave the extremely boring new album by The Strokes an 8. Dude just likes what he likes. I think Cause I’m A Man, one of the least popular Tame songs according to the fan base, is 10x better than Let It Happen and Apocalypse Dreams. Does that make me pretentious?
I’m terrible at Dark Souls (I put in about 15-20 hours) but I beat Hollow Knight. However, I also have a friend who beat Dark Souls but sucks at Hollow Knight. So that doesn’t really help you.
I’m betting it will just be Pyra/Mythra without Rex.
Yeah that definitely sucks. But your personal experience is about as useful as my personal experience where I’ve had a Switch since launch day and have never had drift issues. I’m asking about actual data, not anecdotes.
My dude, you’re embarrassing yourself. This is a chapter 1 of intro to statistics concept. [Simple random sample.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_random_sample) A study doesn’t have to be conducted by Nintendo in order to be legitimate. A third party research company could also conduct the study. I had thought maybe this had been the case, which is why I asked when OP said majority. It seems like you are taking issue with what seems to be this idea that I’m denying that this is an issue. I’m not. I’ve said a number of times before that I’m aware of it. I’m taking issue with the claim made by OP that this is affecting the majority of Switch owners. I really don’t care if that’s even true or not - I just thought that claim meant that there was hard data to back it up. &gt;Sorry video PROOF isn’t enough for you. Again, you’re conflating. Video proof of joycon drift absolutely does not prove that *the majority of Switch owners experience drift issues.* It just proves that a number of joycons have drift issues. That’s it. That doesn’t tell us what percentage and certainly doesn’t tell us if it’s the majority. Learn to read for fucks sake, u/wonkafront
Both major political parties in this country are nothing like the parties of the same name in the 1800s. Party platforms are constantly shifting. Both parties hardly resemble the same ideals they held even when I was a kid. You’d think that would be obvious for a party that has a special nickname for their own members who don’t resemble the current middle to extreme side of the party platform. RINO = Abraham Lincoln.
How did you conduct the poll? Was it on Reddit, Twitter etc? What was your confidence level/ margin of error?
So I looked at your results a little more and it appears that this was an online poll using participants that were not selected randomly. I figured that was the case to begin with because I’m not sure how you could conduct a poll properly without additional resources. So I mean this in the nicest way possible, but this survey isn’t scientific at all and the results of your poll shouldn’t be considered. I figured that this was an open ended invitation survey when I noticed the inconsistencies in the number of responses to opening questions and subsequent questions. The math doesn’t add up. You should be randomly selecting your data points, not inviting everyone that scrolls by to take your poll. A random sample of 30 participants is the general minimum for a random sample. Offering participation in a survey will lead to inaccurate results. People with joycon issues will be more prone to participate in the survey as a way to air their grievances and shine a light on the problem versus people that do not have drift issues at all. Open invite surveys also lead to brigading too, which also doesn’t help you get legitimate data either.
I mean, it doesn’t. Sorry, I’m not trying to be difficult or rude, but there’s just too many variables there to make a connection. It’s a bad survey.
Here’s some money, go see a star war.
If all democrats voted there would be only one major political party in America.
Need a ladder, bud?
