If that finger was black this would already be over 100k
Nicely done! I made it too and just now realized I didn't take a picture. Only thing I did differently, was I didn't turn the pieces on their sides, and I cut into twice as many pieces since there were a lot of mouths to feed.
Pretty much every President from the 1960s and earlier was a virulent racist and sexist by today's standards.
Maybe his ideology isn't based entirely on the color of his skin.
Yeah I've heard rumors that he could also be a real jerk.
Yeah but hammers aren't particularly accurate so he'd be better off swinging it.
Dude was drunk on hammering by that point
Bro it's called backup
The car is a metaphor for an unpopular comment on Reddit.
I knew you had a good heart, /u/FartIntoMyButt.
And Mick Foley got socks.
I bent my Wookiee
My cousin is an elf and he gets paid in candy canes.
He's not so bad, he just really hates juice for some reason.
Lol what? We're doing great here. /r/politics is not a good place to learn about the US.
A good system for that would be capitalism, where people are rewarded for their innovation and productivity.
&gt;I completely disagree. Capitalism reward doing the wrong thing. It happens so much there is a saying &gt; “do anything for a buck” &gt;Capitalism rewards greed. Capitalism has failed humanity. Capitalism is objectively and unquestionably the most successful economic system in the history of the world. &gt;Private healthcare insurance is another example. There is a obvious conflict of interest. Do you want to improve the health of the population or do you want to make profit. The priority can not be both and, all to often, humans are sacrificed in the name of money We *have* done both. Medicine has advanced exponentially in the last 100 years, and people are living longer than ever. Despite what you hear on Reddit, Americans aren't keeling over in the street dying while rich doctors spit on them.
"It's not my fault your honor, the culture forced me to murder him!"
You lose all credibility when you call paid voluntary work "slavery".
Please tell me how I'm getting fucked.
Great comment. Please tell me how awful your life is as you shitpost on the internet.
Electricity Automobiles Flight Space travel to the moon Nuclear Power Telephones Internet Countless medical and military advancements Yeah no innovation here in the evil capitalist US. Just money.
"Stealing and exploiting" is the entire history of human civilization. Don't pretend like that's something the US invented.
Capitalism gives the working class a better opportunity for success than any other system, that has been proven throughout history. Why do you think so many people immigrated here?
This is one of the most surreal posts I've ever seen on Reddit. You have proven yourself completely ignorant of history and reality. Capitalism has resulted in innovation and prosperity, communism results in ruthless dictators, starvation, and genocide. Millions of people have run from communist countries to seek a good life in capitalist countries. Capitalism is better for everyone but dictators.
Anyone with the ability to waste their life on lazy bullshit while surrounded by modern comforts has it really, really good. That is the point.
Blowing up a taco truck
I don't know, I feel like Hilldawg would be the ideal puppet master.
Global poverty is at an all-time low. Life is easier than ever before in history.
&gt;outweighed by the bad So your opinion is that the U.S. is a bad country then? You can't possibly believe that.
Of course not. I just assumed she would live in a lair below the White House, typing the orders from her Blackberry.
As long as there's a "no u" clause.
It did to me at first too. Stretch out with your *feelings*.
What a fuckin cutie.
I feel like people are just making up words now so I'm calling it the Parlash effect.
Stretch out with your feelings
I guess it was a really good idea
Thanks, I've been working out!
I could do it i just don't feel like it
What do you mean? What other season is there after football ends this Sunday?
I'd say he was like Kirk Cousins level at the time.
That is an openly one-sided echo chamber. /r/politics is supposed to be neutral.
/r/LateStageCapitalism is worse than either of them. Not only are they quicker to ban, they openly call for riots and violence. They're on the "correct" side though so they get a pass.
Lol wut that's not even a cromulent word.
Ok but then what's the punishment
The Patriots went 10-6 when Brady came back.
I'm trying to think of a player on our roster who started week 1 and is still alive.
Legitimately one of my favorite all-time players to watch. Any given pass could be a 60 yard TD bomb or a WTF interception into triple coverage. Either way it was exciting.
Our last playoff win was against you all...13 years ago. It was a hideous game.
u wot m8
Really? 2004 over 2005? Sean was better in 05, and so was the rest of the team. Portis, Moss, and Cooley were in their primes and we looked like we were gonna be good for awhile. That was also the last year we won a playoff game.
In 2011 he beat the Super Bowl champion Giants twice, and was also benched in favor of John Beck.
Good call. Our team MVP this year should either be him or our punter Tress Way.
I'm grateful he saved his mom, for a couple reasons.
Like, how much? My...friend is considering a career change.
Yeah I'd do it for $1000, but that's the absolute most I would pay.
The worst? No way. You can recover from water boarding. Look up some of the tortures the Comanche Indians used. They make ISIS look compassionate.
So do ducks. Though my ducks prefer them dead, covered in maggots, and dipped in a mud puddle for easy swallowing.
Mine have killed ducklings for sport :(
It's cool there were probably medi-packs in there or maybe a turkey leg.
Like every fucking story on Reddit. One side is always pure sadistic evil and the other is an innocent victim who did everything right.
I believe the number of write-in votes for Bernie Sanders in MI was also greater than Trump's margin of victory.
These headlines are getting so old. They haven't changed since January 2017.
Oh yeah I remember that one. I think it was called "The Bullet that Didn't Shoot Straight".
At least they aren't redundant.
How can you talk about definitions after making a whole list of subjective and arbitrarily-chosen criteria?
-he posted in the comments of Reddit.com
In 1907 and 1929 Republicans were the progressive party.
&gt;It's a pretty easy answer. The ACA was over 2000 pages.
/r/politics is a discussion forum for American politics where everyone hates capitalism and conservatives are considered synonymous with Nazis. It is absolutely far left.
&gt; LCS (again) doesn't ever push action or views other than generally mocking Capitalism. Telling users to start an armed insurgency against the government is pushing action. https://i.imgur.com/IzU5r13.png
*single tear rolls down cheek*
It's insane that it even needs to be defended at this point.
Is he hiring?
Nah I would have called her a bitch
It's *very loosely* based on a true story.
Yeah but in the original story he was also abducted by pirates, escaped by jumping off the boat, and then captured by Indians who roasted his friend alive but spared him because he gave them some paint.
I can't believe I wasted 5 minutes of my life reading this trash editorial. The author made a strawman and then knocked it down. God damn Salon is terrible.
Did you watch Smith play at all this season? He legitimately had the worst deep ball I've ever seen. He completed short, safe passes, which is what he's done for just about his whole career. He never even brought us back in a game, when he was at QB it was game over as soon as we got behind, even in the first quarter.
I'll be the guy in the shirt!
Seriously? $22 is insane.
It's both fake and not a freakout in any way.
Once they refused asylum in Mexico, they were no longer asylum seekers.
Yeah I don't have any plans either.
Great Ape
Bro Kyle Brady was a tight end do u even watch football?
Really? You think "all cops are bad" is a rational stance?
All teenagers are bad
This is horribly cringey. In a couple years you will think back and be rightfully embarrassed by this kind of talk. I promise. You hate cops, and yet if you called 911 right now and said you were in trouble they would run to your aid, like they do for others thousands of times every day.
We must unlearn, what we have learned.
These Hispanic U.S. Marines were beaten, robbed, and maced by a leftist mob, who called them Nazis and White Supremacists. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.phillymag.com/news/2019/01/29/joseph-alcoff-antifa-marines-philadelphia/%3famp=1 For some reason this story got no attention on Reddit. I can't imagine why.
You have got to be kidding me. There have been quite a few hate crime hoaxes, and they come *overwhelmingly* from the other side. Also, the reason the username is blocked out is because that's the fucking rules of the sub.
Or, because it's the goddamn rules of the sub. Have any of you idiots been here before?
This is the first I'm hearing of this and it amuses me on a spiritual level.
I wish we could have had Gibbs and Cousins at the same time. They would have been a perfect match.
This is such a ridiculous and lazy response. Everyone knows football is a team game, that's not some brilliant insight. OP's point was absolutely right, people *massively* overstate the impact of individual defensive players. The impact of the DPOY in any given season is substantially less than that of any given QB.
No, we don't. I have no idea what these people are talking about. Our defense was absolutely atrocious, we couldn't stop anything. Talent? Lol. We have almost zero talent on defense. A couple young guys on the line who people think are good because they remember their names.
They should have hired him to play Obi Wan in the prequels instead of that other guy, Evan something.
Have you ever touched something you knew was hot, just to see how hot it was?
Only a Sith deals in absolutes...
I'm already signed on for the third installment. AQP3: 3V3N QUI3T3R
AQP5: 5ILENCE
Ayoade is an anagram for Hitler.
Pushing pitbulls as sweet little teddy bears is incredibly irresponsible and literally gets people killed. I will never ignore any post like this, and neither should anyone else who cares about human beings.
Is it possible to learn this power?
I got a bunch of their coffee and chicory for Christmas but can't decide if I like it.
The cost of the death penalty was artificially driven up by anti-death penalty advocacy. We could do it for pennies, but nope, a remorseless serial killer needs to have a bunch of appeals even if he doesn't want them.
I agree, but a lot of them don't really suffer. There are some killers who live a better life in jail than they ever did outside. Like, what happens if a homeless drifter murders people? His punishment is food, shelter, and medical care.
Poverty has been declining for decades. Literacy and education increasing. Vaccinations increasing. Child mortality decreasing. Democracy increasing. Access to electricity, sanitation, internet, and transportation increasing. Totally getting worse.
damn they only made a quarter? pretty lame
Why are you making it about race? The most ghetto person I've ever known was white. When someone says "ghetto", that's immediately who pops into my head.
Vote totals should not drop below 0. When people see negative karma it's like blood in the water, they downvote without even thinking.
*History is CIA propaganda!* -millions of teenage Redditors
Bullshit, super powers would have kicked in by the 3rd or 4th one.
I'm permabanned from /r/news for posting crime statistics in a thread about police.
You have got to be joking. I was banned from several leftist subs without ever posting in them. A couple others banned me after my first post. And I'm not some militant right winger, I'm a lifelong Democrat.
That would be a Tuesday for me.
I certainly hope somebody was fired for that blunder.
He was a beast with 5 different head coaches and two different teams, that is just nuts. Man I miss watching him play.
Every time I start thinking my team is cursed, I remember the Browns and feel guilty for having it so good.
Ok that is exactly what I'm tasting. Thanks.
The mods deleted my comment and then said they couldn't review my ban because *I* deleted my comment. No joke. They are just as partisan and agenda-driven as your average redditor, which is pretty terrible since they're moderating what is supposed to be a neutral news subreddit.
You're lecturing people about musical taste and immaturity while using words like "dweeb" and speaking in memes.
Just a little lump of midichlorians.
I was pulling for the Browns but that was an awesome game anyway. Cleveland's running back (William Green I think?) had like 25 carries for 28 yards or something absurd like that, but Kelly Holcomb made up for it with 400+ yards passing.
They went 10-6 in 2007 and didn't get in. Meanwhile two NFC teams got in at 9-7 that year, and one of them won the Super Bowl. The Browns are cursed.
Fun fact: His teammate Adam Thielen played basketball with Clayton Kershaw in college.
A slow start, promising middle, and a disappointing finish?
We've used first rounders on DL/LB the last 3 years and our defense is still absolutely awful. Here comes #4.
You say that as if our franchise isn't going to destroy his career, his reputation, and his will to live.
We've used a first rounder on DL/LB three years in a row and our D is absolute bottom feeding garbage. I don't expect this to change anything.
i did sex on my hot girlfriend so hard that she got pragnet and had like 3 babbies
Her: you're germier than I expected.
Um, can we please stop using a fucking *name* to shit on people? Do you have any idea what it's like for people to judge you because of your name? My name is Karen and everyone loves me, but little shits like you think my name makes me a bitch. Do you have any feelings at all? How is this kind of intolerance even allowed here? I want to speak to your moderator.
The OP's "figurative" language is calling for the murder of millions of innocent people?
I agree. The best we can hope is that it brings more attention to Michael's indefensible behavior.
Michael Jackson spent hundreds of nights sharing a bed with young boys in a locked, alarm-protected room full of pornography. Those aren't allegations, they're facts. There is not an innocent explanation for that behavior, those are the actions of an *incredibly obvious* child molester. Let go. Accept reality and stop defending this pedophile.
If you think that was PI then 90% of pass plays have PI.
Oh bullshit. That was football. If you call that you have to throw a flag on every god damn pass play ever.
*Doo doo
Don't worry, his haters will have a new narrative within 12 hours.
Yes, he molested his victims in numerous locations, not just his heavily-protected child-guests-only sleepover room. He was the most comically obvious child molester in history. It takes Olympic-caliber mental gymnastics to think he was just having innocent fun with all of these boys. Either stop defending this person or accept that you are protecting a serial child molester.
He outplayed Drew Brees in New Orleans, in the playoffs, and won.
*poo poo
I feel like we should be friends.
I've been trying to tell people that Brady is garbage for like 18 years but nobody would listen. It's nice to be proven right.
He was written so poorly. Should have been the most intimidating villain of all but instead he was a meme.
Brie is the most overrated cheese in the world. It has no flavor, it's just a soft substance. It's like something astronauts would eat out of a tube.
B-list celebrity is where it's at. You still make great money and get free travel for easy jobs like making "appearances", you can use your celebrity for dating and sex, and people know who you are but don't obsess over you.
the what now
What's weird is that we've become less prudish about sex but far more prudish about nudity. You can show two characters aggressively fucking if there's a sheet partially covering them, but show a hooha or a weewee for 1 second in a non-sexual situation and the monacles come crashing down.
I can't imagine being terrified of animated body parts.
Signs too.
Why were demons communicating via radio?
I mean I still shop at H-Mart.
Maybe there are more men who want to be directors.
Still hoping Boot Edge Edge pulls ahead.
As soon as a pitbull's jaws puncture flesh, it's DNA transforms into "terrier mix".
The post would be removed by admins and whatever sub it was in would be banned in seconds.
Only call me that in the bedroom
Unless you use only renewable energy and basically don't buy anything, you are part of the problem. No company is polluting for fun, they're polluting from providing goods and services that the public demands.
I mean he did that in the last election. He paid Revolution Messaging to flood Reddit with Bernie garbage, they even bragged about how successful it was. They also somehow convinced most of Reddit that *Hillary* was the one astroturfing, while every single post on /r/politics was anti-Hillary or pro-Bernie.
Congratulations, it was a bust. You threw a tantrum and fucked over everyone. You should be very proud.
It will be exactly like it was in 2015/2016. His supporters will spend the next 6 months ruthlessly smearing all other Democrats even after he's eliminated from contention. They'll probably also adopt another foreign-borne conspiracy theory and claim it was rigged.
Reddit loves John Wick, but those movies have the most incompetent henchmen of all time. They just run up to him one at a time to be shot down like video game AI. Fortunately they all stop using guns as soon as John loses his.
So many leather vests
General Soleimani! You *are* a dead one!
OP is from Calgary, Alberta. Just a Canadian making his cartoonish stereotypes of Americans come to life.
It would make too much sense. Instead we'll use a first round pick on a d lineman for the 4th year in a row. Then when Haskins flops and we go nowhere we'll blame whoever our new GM is for being so stupid.
He would have finished with way over 1000 yards with even mediocre quarterbacking last year. He's the best WR we've drafted in at least 20 years.
He was bad in all but 1.5 games. In fact "bad" is understating it, he was *awful* in those other games.
We've drafted d linemen in the first round 3 years in a row and we're still awful. I don't know why anyone thinks a 4th one is going to be different. Nothing changes until we have a legit QB.
Oh FFS. The Bengals gave up on Ryan Finley after 3 games. Paxton Lynch got 4. Countless QBs never get to play a snap before they're booted from the league. This is a terrible argument, especially when you bring in QBs drafted 30 years ago. Haskins has shown nothing special at all, he's below average at literally every facet of the game. He will absolutely not be a franchise QB. Save this post. We've spent 3 straight first rounders on the D line for absolutely nothing. Our D is worse than ever. Now we're gonna pass on the most important position so we can snag a *fourth* d lineman? It's madness.
"I want him to scan for younglings in my area...for science."
It's so stupid that they were so closely connected to Darth Vader. They shouldn't have been in the prequels at all. Putting them in was just fan service that created all sorts of plot holes.
It's an older law sir, but it checks out.
&gt;Uma Truman You might say...she bombed.
So wait if I suck his dick do I get to be in a movie?
Now you're just being stupid. Yoda only does ketamine.
oh yeah i was about 2 say that
So much better. I haven't looked at my inbox in ages.
That also applies to r/news, r/worldnews, r/pics, r/adviceanimals, r/mildlyinteresting...actually all of Reddit.
/r/chapotraphouse and other similar far left subs worship Stalin and openly call for violence, even genocide, every day. When is the ban?
Calling for police to be murdered will get you tons of karma on 90% of Reddit. There are a lot of teenage psychopaths here.
You may want to read your own link. &gt;What do those numbers actually tell us? Both a lot and not much. Ecuador has the highest number of endangered species — not because the species there are more threatened but because the country made an intense effort over the last 15 years to evaluate its biodiversity.
I'm sure you would be perfectly happy with a single corded land line, no TV, and no video games. Cause why did we NEED to make any other entertainment after chess was invented?
Oh yeah ok I'll just use one model of Fleshlight, so when I'm watching college Latina porn it feels exactly the same as when I'm watching ebony milf porn. Fucking moron.
Koalas and pandas have been trying to go extinct for like a thousand years and we keep fucking it up.
Corporations aren't polluting for fun. Why do so many people not get this? They're polluting to provide goods and services that everyone, including you, *demand*. If you are anything but a subsistence farmer who buys nothing, you are part of the problem.
People used to grow all of their own food. Now if they can't buy it cheap and premade within walking distance it's a crisis and the fault of some greedy corporations. lol.
Yes, the guy who took a private jet to Italy to unsuccessfully ambush the Pope for a campaign endorsement. He will lead us to salvation.
The Environmental Protection Agency was created by an executive order from a Republican president.
Lol. Mankind lived without these luxuries for thousands of years. Now the idea of living without a pocket-sized supercomputer is unthinkable.
Just don't count that we provide more foreign humantarian aid than any other country, or any of the countless technological and medical advancements that have drastically improved the standard of living for the entire world.
*fucked up her skin and turned her into a ninja acrobat stripper
That was the single dumbest origin story I've ever seen for a villain. The SS trailer had me believe she was going to be tortured into insanity, which would be a dark and cool origin. But nope, a brilliant psychologist simply fell in love with her psychopathic patient, submitted to torture, jumped in chemicals, and woke up a ninja acrobat trailer trash stripper. What in the actual fuck was that.
I was completely bored by it. The villain is a train.
It split me in half
It's a dark, gritty Tarantino crime movie and then suddenly there's vampires playing corpse guitars.
I just watched that movie for the first time last year and was blown away by how stupid it was. There's a 2spooky4me ghost on screen every 10 seconds. It's not scary when the "scares" never stop.
This is from /r/worldnews, and unfortunately seems to be a popular take on Reddit. How is it even possible to believe this? &gt;People never ever in their life demanded anything besides basic necessities (and there are millions of people who are actively trying to not even let them have that). &gt;No one asked for a flat screen TV. Hell no one asked for TV. No one asked for instant communication. No one asked for the world at our fingertips. &gt;Humanity would have been fine with just the first iphone that was made, but NOOOOOO they had to make 10+ more versions and wasted millions/billions of materials on it. Not to mention the "slave" labor used to make the products. &gt;If you want a split of whose to blame, Corporations are. Like, 99.99%.
Biden worries me a lot in a general. He's old, not exactly exciting, has a terrible history of gaffes, and he's been in the spotlight for decades so there's no shortage of dirt on him.
That was just to control Padme's lust.
75% of his posts are about Pokemon, not joking.
A crazy gymnast was supposed to be Earth's defense against alien invasion or a rogue Superman lmao
You're not allowed to say mayo skins.
No, but he gets a pass for some reason. He says it at least 20 times in every song.
You are free to leave and live the life of a nomadic hunter-gatherer in Siberia, but if you want to be part of a civilized society and enjoy all of it's benefits, yeah, you have to throw in the pool.
First actual Nazi supporter I've encountered on Reddit. Any upcoming reichs we should know about?
&gt;You either die a villain or live long enough to see yourself become the ~~hero~~ ninja acrobat stripper anti-hero.
Omg that's ridiculous. Did Kim Possible even have a guy with boomerangs to help her?
It would have actually made sense if the squad was fighting terrorists or cartels or something. There was so much potential and they just shat all over it.
I only realized a couple years ago that the word "ho" is just "whore" said in urban vernacular. I don't have a point, I just wanted to share my enlightenment.
It is really strange to think about the way we watched it all happen. That kind of behavior would *never* be tolerated in 2020. Michael was such an unbelievably obvious pedophile and we all just kind of laughed about it. He died at just the right time to maintain his legacy, had he lived a few years longer a lot more people would have turned on him. But, dying unexpectedly and fairly young automatically immortalizes you as a hero.
How dare you. If you ask what a cheese curd is I'm going to have a stroke.
yeah like 50 but u cant talk to them cause they are all at modeling camp
The comments are refreshing. Well, most of them. &gt;My beautiful pittie has destroyed so much over the years. She cut her face chewing her way out of a metal crate, ripped out both of her dewclaws, ripped the entire side of a leather couch apart, and along with our husky/Shepard mix, they managed to chew a 3 foot hole into the drywall (which I how I learned to replace/repair drywall). She's destroyed numerous sets of blind until I finally put baby gates in all of the windows. &gt;I love her to death, but man, she's expensive. That's an actual unironic comment lol. But there are a lot of realistic people in that thread not putting up with nutter bullshit. Unfortunately a lot of them are going to be permabanned like I was.
Please, please tell me that someone called them out in comments. These psychos need to be shamed.
You are the only person here talking about poverty. That was an awful strawman. The OP says the stock market only helps rich people, it's idiotic. You do not have to be anything *close* to rich to own stock.
/r/pics
The "nanny dog" story is a myth invented by shameless pit defenders. It has absolutely no basis in reality. Pits were bred for bull baiting. They were bred for strength, aggression, and tenacity to help them take down large animals and never back down. They were *never* intended to be house pets. There are hundreds of safer breeds and mixes you could have chosen, but you chose the one that kills more people and animals than all other dogs combined.
The standards of living are so high now (thanks to capitalism), that you consider having a job to be a horrific indignity. Anything that gets in the way of shitposting and video games is oppression I guess. LOL
Kind of ironic to post this in a sub that celebrates the prequels...
Yippeee! -nobody
Almost everyone was disappointed in the prequels yet here we are.
&gt;I don't care if Bernie does exactly what your heros do if it gets Bernie into a position to get money out of politics. Unfortunately for Bernie that would require passing legislation.
oh yeah i was about to say that
He likes gladiator movies
/r/LostRedditors
And in A New Hope he forgot he could read minds and used a stabby needle droid instead.
&gt;unless you're being deliberately uncharitable and ignoring the other details because you hate the movie (or "Disney" aka Lucasfilm). The sequels have their share of issues, but this is the reason for a huge amount of criticisms. If people subjected the OT to 1/10 as much scrutiny they would hate those movies too.
Dude you can't just unlearn what you have learned. That sounds like some Sith shit.
Only a Sith deals in absolutes!
That's awesome. I hope the success of the documentary encourages more of MJ's victims, and other victims, to come forward.
And terrible
Gross. Why would anyone put that shit on their steak when you can get ketchup anywhere?
Everyone understands this, which is why it's the first thing posted every time the subject of dark humor comes up. It's also impossible to do over the internet. You can post an offensive joke on Reddit one day and get 5000 upvotes and gold. Post the exact same joke the next day and get -150 and 20 different people lecturing you, in the exact same subreddit.
What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the dead baby in my garage? Isaac Newton died a virgin.
Don't worry, you'll snap out of it. Unless you fuck up the knot.
This is what I immediately thought of. I don't know how this case isn't talked about more. It's absolutely bizarre.
He's right though. People talk about them like they were just random psychos, but they were full-blown jihadis. They killed time in jail drawing cartoons about 9/11. I live in the DC area and it was a wild couple of weeks. People were afraid to pump gas, they would put the nozzle in and run back to the car and lean the seat back. Joggers didn't know what to do. Everyone was on the lookout for a white van, which turned out to be not even close to what they were driving.
He was the most comically obvious pedophile in the history of pedophiles. FFS the guy surrounded himself with young boys 24/7 while having zero interest in adult relationships. He spent countless nights having sleepovers with them in a locked, alarm-protected room full of pornography. It's amazing that this is even controversial.
I just started doing this last year when I caught a bunch of shrimp. I can't believe how much I liked it, I even started leaving the whole shell on. It's just shrimp with a crunch
Let's leave allegations out of it then. Michael Jackson spent years having sleepovers with numerous young boys in a locked, alarm-protected room full of pornography inside his mansion. That's not slander, that's an indisputable fact. There is *no* innocent explanation for that behavior, those are the actions of an obvious pedophile. Do the world a favor and stop defending him.
About 1/100 as often as Maura Murray or Asha Degree or dozens of other cases.
&gt;I just want money out of politics. I thought you said you were a Bernie Sanders supporter?
-every generation in the history of civilization
You don't even need to leave Reddit to see there are many, many Americans on the left who do absolutely hate their country. Spend 30 seconds on /r/chapotraphouse, /r/LateStageCapitalism, comment sections on /r/politics, or any of the numerous left wing subreddits. Hating America is one of the most popular things to do on this website. I'm a lifelong Democrat and have been stunned and disappointed by the amount of left wingers who hate this country.
dafuq
I just watched that today. Man those effects and fight choreography have not aged well.
Freddie Mercury is dead and Elton John is still alive. That's why.
My all-time favorite bass line.
"I'LL SPELL "LADDER" HOWEVER I DAMN WELL PLEASE! FUCK YOU I'M OUT" *slams door*
&gt;it can be tolerable in certain situations but when executed poorly it just comes off cringy. That's what she said!
It takes Olympic-caliber mental gymnastics to conclude that Michael was not a pedophile. He checks every single box in the profile of a child molester. It may as well have been tattooed on his forehead.
Pits kill more Americans than sharks, bears, snakes, alligators, wolves, and Rottweilers put together.
Free penis inspections with every purchase!
Please stop quoting yourself. Nobody cares.
I mean if Soulja Boi can do it...
These people need to listen to the good rappers like Tupac, or Ed Sheeran.
I would reply to this, but as well all know, the internet died from the Net Neutrality repeal two years ago.
Spot didn't make it. Thanks for nothing.
I still can't believe those assholes gave *his* nomination to someone else just because they got 4 million more votes, more delegates, and more superdelegates.
Because one of his fans wrote an article and called him that once.
There haven't been any new developments. It was manufactured hysteria.
Net neutrality has been repealed for as long as it existed. It's a non-issue and always was. I wonder how long it will take for people to acknowledge they were duped.
Going just by the OP it's impossible to tell which side this threat is coming from. That's probably why it's upvoted.
Read the sidebar. It's not just about disagreements.
How stupid does one have to be to bring a newborn baby into a home with a pitbull? Is that not the definition of child endangerment?
That's a really typical pitbull story. It will probably end up in a shelter and be euthanized, or worst case scenario someone else will try to "rescue" it and it will end up hurting somebody.
&gt;No one expected Bernie to steal the show. Least of all Bernie himself. Steal the show? He lost by nearly 4 million votes and was curbstomped in the most important swing states. Despite what Reddit would have you believe, it wasn't even a contest.
I wish he would, but I don't see him every talking. He takes that oath of silence pretty seriously.
Yeah that's way sadder than thousands of people upvoting a fake post because it confirmed their biases.
...and my hardwired genetic behavioral traits.
It's a sub for hating the right. So basically a concentrated version of Reddit
Bernie spent the entire 2016 primary stoking division and inciting his rabid fans to smear Democrats. Their insanity would have been hilarious if it didn't have repurcussions for the whole country. I see nothing has changed in 2020. It's going to be so satisfying to see him get obliterated in this primary too. I just wonder what the conspiracy theories to explain his massive loss will be.
It was such a painfully obvious hoax right from the start. To see hundreds of comments that aged like milk, check out the /r/FucktheAltRight thread about this "hate crime". https://www.reddit.com/r/Fuckthealtright/comments/al74sr/two_men_waited_for_the_empire_actor_called_him_a/
In short he didn't like the training staff.
Master /u/TheCowzGoMooz has lost a video. How embarrassing...how embarrassing.
He will bring balance to the Oscars
Perhaps the archives are incomplete
That's not Mace Windu. I saw him at the celebration on Naboo, he looks nothing like that.
I know you are, but what am I?
Wait, they brought him back on the show? I thought they killed off his character.
Ugh. Talk about someone who did not deserve a long life.
If anyone says Ruth Bader Ginsberg I'm gonna lose my shit.
Burger King made a cologne. No aromas are off-limits.
Imagine wanting to own an animal so dangerous it has a victim awareness group.
&gt;Conservative hicks and flyover trash are extremely emotionally fragile and can only exist in safe spaces. I can't imagine why they wouldn't want to debate you.
That place is disgusting. Imagine thinking rabid partisanship is a virtue.
Absofuckinglutely. Any and every hit piece against Hillary or pro Bernie was fair game. The source was irrelevant. They upvoted literal state propaganda from Russia, Venezuela, and fucking *North Korea* to the front page.
I gotta say, the really old episodes did not age well. I've loved the Simpsons from the start, but I don't know how I ever found that first season funny. The show really hit it's stride in the third or fourth season IMO.
&gt;hard work &gt;magically
This is the best time to live in the history of the world, and all of you are moping about in hopelessness and self-pity. It's gross. The world will be fine in 15 years. In fact, thanks to technology it will be better than today. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and enjoy it.
I'm sure your life is incredibly difficult. You're probably barely surviving in this apocalyptic hellscape. Anyway, what's your favorite video game?
I just watched it over the weekend for the first time in years. It did not age well at all. It's beyond corny, it's like an unintentional parody.
It's an absolutely terrible movie. Like, hilariously bad. I think people need to watch it again without the nostalgia goggles.
The Village has my favorite score of any movie ever.
They aren't funny. Like, at all. It really wasn't a very clever show at the start, it was just an animated family doing pretty normal things. The peak of humor was "Ay carumba!" and "Why you little!"
That's been going on for a while. It was like that when I was going to DC area schools in the 90s. I imagine it's even worse today.
Tell that to Bernie and his F-35 garage.
https://www.amazon.com/Dealing-Disappointment-John-Hindley/dp/1784981206
&gt;Blue lives do not matter &gt;Fuck the police &gt;My favorite cop is officer down &gt;All my heroes smoke pigs That's a gilded post from /r/bad_cop_no_donut, and a typical example of their comments. The same user goes on to talk about shitting on cop graves. How that sub doesn't get banned or even quarantined is a mystery.
Oh it definitely is. Seems like white communists in particular. I just don't know how they all ended up there.
Cops are arrested every day. Guess who is arresting them?
Wait but that says the cop was convicted and also the victim was not killed, which would make this post a lie that was intended to sow hatred.
my dad could beat him up
Terry McLaurin is starting a new tradition. Unfortunately the rest of our team just kind of watches him.
Oh god Super Tuesday 2016 was amazing on Reddit. After months of non-stop Bernie propaganda there was abrupt silence as his cult stared in disbelief at the results. Of course then the whole rigged primary narrative was invented and shit got turned up to 11.
Push-ups for days
We believe in evidence-based policy rather than emotion-based policy. Which means we're basically lepers on Reddit
I watch the videos just for his voice. Great ASMR for me.
So Padme was transdying
That is an absolute stud of a crappie. What county in central MN if you don't mind me asking?
There's a good deleted scene from TLJ too, where Finn calls her out on turning off the shields on Starkiller base.
Holy fucking shit *exactly*! I thought I was the only one who hated that. It was gratuitous acrobatics and looked ridiculous.
&gt;Darth Plagueis - Palpatine's origin story Never heard of this one.
How could you possibly need a book to understand that movie? It wasn't exactly *Primer* lol.
&gt;the other dude we thought was dead in the first movie. They invented a cure for getting shot in the head. The single stupidest death retcon in the history of anything.
The back story is OP is a serial liar.
Save this dog so it can kill other dogs!
Which country is the best?
There are subreddits that would ban and threaten you just for saying this.
Those fucking teabags use the la-dee-da metric system. My car gets forty rods to the hogshead, and that's the way I likes it!
So basically we're like every single nation in the history of civilization.
This opinion is much too nuanced for Reddit. I'm going to need you to edit your post and call someone a Nazi to comply with sitewide rules. Thanks!
i will lure him into a trap with a jar of hunny
Ok but what do you serve for brunch?
Radical centrism. We base our opinions on evidence rather than emotion, which makes us some of the most hated people on Reddit.
So you're telling me there's a chance....
I'm gonna be honest, that is absolutely ridiculous. He was cut in half and fell into an abyss. He was fucking double-killed. It sucks, because he was an awesome villain, but bringing him back is beyond stupid and actually makes the character worse.
Porn is gonna be amazing though.
Legs seem pretty important
Seems like the entire Star Wars universe is littered with cavernous pits without guardrails. Falling is probably the leading cause of death. The trade federation probably abolished space OSHA.
Nobody seems to articulate it. There's a meme on their front page that apparently they found here and they're raging over it. First time I've ever looked at that sub tbh, I don't know anything about it.
I just assumed they hate the global poor.
&gt; "looks like the literal devil and has a double lightsaber" Like I said, he was an awesome villain.
Well not for force users. But there must be piles of dead normies at the bottom of every pit.
So Mace might be alive??
I prefer a Philadelphia milk steak.
I couldn't get past Michael Cera playing an ass-kicking rock musician who was drowning in pussy.
Yep, that's why the "innocence campaign" was so successful. The narrative connected with anyone who ever felt judged for wearing black or liking heavy metal. It was similar to how OJ's lawyers successfully made his trial about race.
Seems like opinions are shifting for the better on Reddit, though there are still hives like /r/aww that will always defend pits.
As someone who's been splashed by sulfuric acid on multiple occasions, I can confirm I have not disappeared.
If everyone went by scientific data, pits would be banned worldwide.
Defending child molesters is never right, and you are defending a serial child molester. Any human being capable of rational thought knows what Michael was.
I'm probably older than you. It's been incredibly obvious that Michael Jackson was a child molester for 25+ years. This man had zero interest in adult relationships, and was surrounded by young boys 24/7. He spent hundreds of nights sharing a bed with them in a locked, alarm-protected room full of pornography. Those aren't rumors or allegations, those are facts. That alone is all it takes to know Michael was a pedo, and there is so much more. Apply the same history to any other human in the the world and you wouldn't doubt what they were for 1 second. Keep listening to the music if you want, but stop defending a child predator. It's disgusting.
Roofers and fishermen don't rush to the scene of a horrible crime or accident to assist in saving lives.
Reminds me of when we would ask someone to join the pen 15 club. All they had to do was write PEN15 on their arm in permanent marker. Worked surprisingly often.
It was all about spitballs when I was in school. I feel so bad for the janitors.
Oh haha yeah my gym teacher did that with us too, not on the arm though.
Oh yeah we did that too. I had a huge teddy bear that was perfect for suplexing. But then it got a hole between the legs and suddenly the game became less about wrestling.
Ivanka Trump Ivanka Trump nude Ivanka Trump porn Ivanka and Donald rule 34
Oh fuck off. Driving and phone use aren't deadly like the media would have you believe. The NTSB estimates there are over 17 million text messages sent by drivers every day and the number that result in accidents is so small it's insignificant. If you can't drive and use your phone at the same time you're too dumb to be on the road at all. I not only send texts, I make calls, watch and take video, I even make most of my Reddit posts while I'm drilvlccccc7768&amp;kjjjjjjkk;;ydft88888
Daughter uncomfortably hot
Dear god someone post it there now. I want to see them explain why it's ok when Bernie says it.
&gt;This is why I'm voting for Bernie. Hard work is a con used by the billionaires to oppress the people. Employment is serfdom. This is an unironic post on /r/worldnews sitting at +90. These people are a parody of themselves.
Happy MLK Day. I'm sure he would be proud to see you wishing for the death of millions.
&gt;Can this man do anything besides point the finger and complain. He is bipartisanly despised and tries to hard to remain relevant. Move on man. This is a hilariously accurate description of Saint Bernard.
This is an actual post from /r/ask_politics today: &gt;If we get someone like Bernie that won't be a problem. I would LOVE for them to try and dig up dirt on Bern. The guy's like Mr. Roger's concience. The ironic way we worship Hillary, Biden, Butti, Bernke, etc is how they legitimately feel about Saint Bernard. Not a cult though.
That was my feeling throughout the whole HP series. Every time the characters got in a bind somebody remembered the existence of a spell or some ancient artifact that was the perfect solution.
You reminded me of a highly upvoted comment from /r/worldnews yesterday. &gt;This is why I'm voting for Bernie. Hard work is a con used by the billionaires to oppress the people. Employment is serfdom. So apparently that's what's wrong with working hard lol. It's a "billionaire con" or some bullshit.
Where were you on 9/11?
Good, the more the bettee. Reddit needs to see this type of thing. The way this place worships Bernie is cult-like.
And you know there are even more they're holding on to in case Bernie stops being useful and becomes an actual threat. There's probably a video of him eating lobster sliders with Castro or something.
Too late, he's already *damaged.*
Some amazing comments from Bros I saw yesterday. &gt;This is why I'm voting for Bernie. Hard work is a con used by the billionaires to oppress the people. Employment is serfdom. &gt;If we get someone like Bernie that won't be a problem. I would LOVE for them to try and dig up dirt on Bern. The guy's like Mr. Roger's concience. They are an endless source of cringe entertainment. I can't wait to start rigging this primary.
They legitimately think any kind of work is slavery and oppression. The word "earn" may as well be profanity.
How convenient
They'll probably rig it just like last time, where they made 3.7 million extra people go to the polls to vote for Hillary. Scoundrels.
Everything she said was 100% correct, and Bernie has zero chance at the nomination anyway. I can't wait to see the conspiracy theories his fans come up with when he loses this time.
I'm saving this entire comment section to post on /r/agedlikemilk in a few months. I can't believe Reddit really thinks Bernie is going to win...again. Lol
You're talking about a person who literally has journalists murdered for criticizing him.
"It's not his fault he accomplished nothing. It wasn't easy enough."
Bernie Sanders has accomplished nothing in his entire long career. He's the living embodiment of "Old man yells at cloud". Nobody anywhere considers him a threat. Democrats roll their eyes at him, and Republicans cheer him on because they want nothing more than to face him in a general. I can't wait for this bubble of Bernie worship to pop again in a few months.
&gt;scared of Bernie This describes zero people in history.
You think I'm a Trump guy because I criticize Bernie Sanders? Uh oh. You're in a for a rude awakening in a few months when once again millions more Democrats vote for a better candidate.
25% of Sanders' primary voters either voted for Trump, a third party candidate, or didn't vote at all in the general. That was way more than enough to sway the election.
Oh god the fallout is going to be amazing again. The Bros were in shambles after Super Tuesday 2016. Of course then the conspiracy theories ignited them again. I expect the same thing to happen again this time. Can't wait to be called a shill thousands of times.
Really? Because in the last election, 25% of Bernie's primary voters didn't vote for the Democratic nominee in the general, and that was way more than what was needed to beat Trump.
Is anybody reading that Hillary thread in /r/agedlikemilk? It has some of the most ridiculous Bernie worship I've ever seen. They are 100% convinced he's going to win...again. &gt;Now, as a Bernie fan, you could read his lower amount of Senate accomplishment and popularity with other Senators as a strength, putting him against the establishment, and that would be reasonable. That's right, having no accomplishments and being hated by your colleagues on both sides of the aisle are *strengths* for a presidential candidate. I swear these people are from a different planet.
Stop, I can't get erections at work.
Wtf bro I'm not gonna eat autistic chicken
That comment is not even remotely correct, it's just a strawman. The OP wasn't about the volume of criticism each religion gets, it was about the double standard of the responses, and he's absolutely correct. Criticizing Christians is 100% tolerated, and criticizing practitioners of any other religion will get you called a bigot/Nazi/Islamophobe.
Honestly I wish there was another MJ truth subreddit. This one is fine, but it's named after one documentary that is already a year old. There is soooo much more to Michael's disgusting history than what is in Leaving Neverland. I feel like there should be a more "general" sub to discuss it. Obviously it's not going to happen on /r/MichaelJackson.
Killer troll! I suggest we bring up his utter lack of accomplishments in a 30 year career, his nonsensical ideas, and his refusal to work with anyone which resulted in being hated by all of his colleagues. I mean we could also bring up his gushing praise of violent communist regimes, but the Republicans already have that one in the chamber.
We rigged the system so the person with the most votes, states, and delegates won the primary. And we're gonna do it again, so buckle up Bros!
How much are you guys at s4p regretting your CNN ban right now? Be honest.
&gt;The only acceptable candidate is Sanders. Everyone else means certain doom for most life on this earth. This is the final off ramp before extinction. Upvoted, unironic take from a Bernie Bro. This is not a healthy mindset.
He stabbed him to death with a trowel. JFC
I use it to shut my own brain up, and it works amazingly well.
American criminals are often armed and the potential for danger is exponentially higher.
&gt;The only acceptable candidate is Sanders. Everyone else means certain doom for most life on this earth. This is the final off ramp before extinction. This is a real, upvoted post from a Bernie Bro in /r/breadtube. They think if Bernie doesn't win the planet will die. They've transcended normal cult status and have become something even more detached from reality. It's like science fiction.
I only listen to podcasts funded directly by George Soros.
WTF. What is their explanation for removing them?
There was Russian, Venezuelan, and *North Korean* propaganda hitting the front page. Anything that jerked off Bernie or smeared Hillary went straight to the top regardless of the source.
LMAO you think we don't know our own employers? Unfortunately the $30 million Bernie paid to Revolution Messaging bought a lot more shills.
This exactly. /r/politics has never, ever been pro-Hillary for even 5 minutes.
I've had this conversation with several Bros already. They 100% truly believe that Bernie having no allies and no support is a good thing. Much like their hero, they don't seem to understand how the presidency works.
See, I found another one!
Sanders is not a threat to anyone or anything. He's been in congress for three decades and did so little that nobody outside of Vermont had heard of him until he ran for president. He's despised by his colleagues on both sides of the aisle because he refuses to compromise or work with anyone. A Sanders presidency would be pointless, you can't get anything done when you won't work with either side of congress.
&gt;a small demographic Hillary won the popular vote in every race she ever ran.
This is such a bizarre argument for Sanders supporters to make. He lost to her by 3.7 million votes, including getting pummeled in all of the most important swing states. So I guess that makes him an even worse candidate.
Oh FFS Bernie participated in the last primary, lost by millions of votes (including being crushed in the swing states), continued to campaign against the winner even after he had no chance, and stoked the "rigged primary" conspiracy theories. As a result, 25% of his primary voters either stayed home, voted Trump, or voted third party in the general. That was more than enough to give Trump the election. Sadly I expect him to do the exact same thing this time.
He spent decades blaming millionaires for all of society's ills, then he became one, and suddenly only billionaires were bad. He criticized every other politician for being corrupt and taking evil corporate money, then founded a dark money pac that can shill for him without ever disclosing who has donated to them or how much. That's just for starters.
This post is blowing mind because it's literally the exact opposite of reality.
Yes, nobody ever disagrees with going to war. Like, ever. Great point.
Not just "refuse to criticize", he openly praises Venezuela and even Cuba.
This was posted by a Venezuelan in the askreddit thread about people who lived in the USSR. Just sharing cause I loved it. &gt;Yet reddit socialists will lead you to believe that it's actually the rich who hate socialism in Venezuela, when in reality everyone who isn't a corrupt piece of shit despises it. I can't tell you the times trash on this website has called me "slave owner" because I'm strongly against socialism, when I come from an average middle class family. &gt;Seeing people like Sanders praise socialism makes my blood boil (and especially so when socialist democrats compare it to Sweden, because that's not socialism AT ALL). &gt;But you know what pissed me off even more? When Ocasio Cortez does it, and when she defended the dictator piece of shit that is Evo Morales. A latina defending socialism without ever seeing the reality of our countries. &gt;I hope more than anything in this world that Sanders loses the primaries for the good of the US. I've grown very interested in US politics in the last year and reading the delusion regarding socialism here on reddit is truly appaling.
Just look in any large political subreddit. It will be mostly middle/upper class American teenagers complaining about how hopelessly difficult and oporessive life is under capitalism...in between posts about movies, video games, and porn.
Who gave this warning?
I mean aside from the explicit descriptions from the victim I feel like the piles of love letters Michael faxed to James were pretty good evidence that they presented. Nothing suspicious about a grown man faxing love letters to a boy and kissing him on the lips. I'm sure all the kissing stopped when they were sleeping together behind locked doors.
There is a *huge* and undeniable competitive advantage in virtually every sport. Just as an example: Serena Williams is the greatest women's tennis player in the history of the world. She's an absolute force. When she challenged a low-level male pro with a ranking in the 200s she was completely dominated by him. That said, I'm all for allowing trans women to compete in women's events just to see how far it goes. When every single women's Olympic medal is won by a trans participant, maybe people who recognize the reality of the situation won't be called transphobes anymore.
This "he gives them a platform" argument is so silly it's practically a meme. It pains me to see it on this sub, which is usually rational. The idea that an interviewer should only talk to "safe" guests is absurd and there is absolutely no precedent for it. Barbara Walters interviewed Fidel Castro. Several journalists have interviewed Vladimir Putin. Psycho killers are regularly interviewed for TV ratings. Nobody ever complains about "giving them a platform". But put a pschotic conspiracy moron on a podcast to make a fool of himself and you're literally Goebbels.
A trans woman has won the women's Master track Cycling championship the last two years, and set world record times while doing it.
In another example, an under 15 boys soccer team from Dallas beat the US Women's National team (the best women's soccer team in the world) in a scrimmage, and it wasn't close.
"Harmful opinions"? Wow. That sounds strikingly similar to wrongthink. Let's be honest, this whole ridiculous "platform" argument is disingenuous garbage. It's a dressed-up way of saying "people I don't like shouldn't be heard".
Remember when we took down United Airlines, Gillette, Nestle, and Donald Trump?
Just like Net Neutrality. In late 2017 you'd have thought the world was coming to an end. Every subreddit no matter how small, no matter what subject, was topped by a NN post. People were calling for riots and physical violence against the FCC. We were going to pay $500/month for 56k internet and need tokens to post on Reddit. Then nothing happened.
Sounds deafening
Tons of fun as babies. Ours slept in our laps on the couch every day and thought the dog was his mom. They are not good house pets as adults. They are too heavy and powerful and get into anything that is even semi edible. Ours is completely house trained but still lives in the yard. He's a great outdoor pet now.
It's been 2 years since the repeal and nothing has happened. That's as long as Net Neutrality even existed. It was just hysterics stoked by Reddit admins. They can make anything an issue if they want it to be.
You are in the global 1%. You are fantastically wealthy compared to millions of people on Earth and have luxuries they could never dream of. This is unfair and unethical. I demand you log off of Reddit right now and sell your computer and your phone and all of your opulent possessions like vehicles, name brand clothes, and video games.Then you can complain about evil rich people without being a flaming hypocrite.
This is abject nonsense. They most certainly could not. That would put every large company out of business immediately. My god where do people even come up with this stuff? Relevant username I hope.
You're kidding yourself if you think anything would change under a Sanders presidency. Bernie's political legacy is being unwilling to compromise and never getting anything done.
Pignose was the OG hand loser.
The world would be a better place if Ralph Nader never existed. Change my mind.
They should have the option for /r/politics but call it "reasonable".
Movie should have ended right there. Would have been so much better.
I have songs by Dolly Parton, Tool, and Tekashi 6ix9ine in my phone.
There's zero chance he could win Florida, like, absolutely none. Without FL he would need to win OH, PA, and VA, all states he lost by big margins in the 2016 primary. I don't think our odds are great with any candidate, but a Sanders nomination is a guaranteed blowout loss.
He also deals in absolutes, particularly in reference to fish.
&gt;experts AKA shills
Neoliberals DESTROY carbon emissions using FACTS and LOGIC
Global poverty declining Standards of living climbing Education and literacy climbing Democracy spreading further and further Ever increasing access to medicine, information, and transportation. Commies: BURN IT DOWN!!! WE NEED A REVOLUTION!!!
If into the security recordings you go, only humor will you find.
Going by the comments in this sub, you would think every single redditor worldwide lives under tyrannical oppression.
"I am a prequel character, like my father before me."
The Jedi "masters" vs. Palpatine is the single worst lightsaber battle in all of Star Wars. It's laugh out loud awful. Such a shame, because it could have been the best if they put any effort into it.
He must not have had much to begin with cause dude was dead in about 3 seconds, which is still twice as long as the first two.
Yeah maybe if you're a cotton-headed ninnymuggins.
I knew absolutely nothing about the Watchmen comic when I saw that movie and it blew me away. When Dan and Sally get jumped in the alley I thought they were gonna get beat up, since they were just retired losers without any super gadgets to help them. Then this nerd takes off his glasses and they proceed to violently dispatch with the thugs like it's business as usual. Seeing a movie where superheroes kill bad guys with no hesitation was refreshing and awesome.
That's one of those amazing movies that I never want to watch again.
*whirring intensifies*
Palpatine for some reason does an M.Bison spinning torpedo just to land in front of his opponents and slowly rear back to stab them, as they all watch and make no effort to defend themselves. The first two are killed in one second and a third is killed 3 seconds later. Then we get repeated close ups of the actors' faces as they clumsily flail their arms trying (poorly) to make it look like they have ever held a sword before. Then the old man does some back flips. More facial close-ups with the actors looking constipated. Then the supremely powerful dark lord of the Sith yells "NYO NYO NYO" like a toddler and the last remaining Jedi "master" gets his hand cut off by a run-walker, as he screams like an overacting child in an elementary school play and gets lightninged out the window. And that's the most important scene in the whole franchise.
&gt;bootlicker How to say "I'm a 14 year old communist edgelord" in one word.
Please explain to us smooth brains how a president who will not compromise with either side of the political aisle is going to be effective at passing legislation.
I would be 90 but I died 10 years ago.
Narrator: *They didn't.*
Oh yeah. I always encountered that problem. With my large group of friends. So annoying.
Top post on the top thread on /r/bestof right now: &gt;We are living in a dystopia, with millions of people dying and/or suffering due to government mismanagement, in a similar fashion as in the Soviet Union or Maoist China. &gt;The deaths are concealed through two or three layers of plausibility deniability however, i.e. nearly 100,000 people in the US die per month who had zero health coverage. Did having zero health coverage kill them? Not necessarily. Was it a contributing factor? Probably. Just like how 100,000 a month died in the former Soviet Union during the famine. Did the famine kill them? Not necessarily. Was it a contributing factor? Probably.
I mean Bernie's worshipers are [calling for that on Reddit right now.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stupidpol/comments/evbedz/message_to_bernie_field_organizers_shut_up_about/ffvrnyh)
I wish I was. That post has over 500 upvotes with lots of people defending it. Hysterical leftists are making Reddit insufferable.
&gt;Chris Rock famously said on Oprah about the black community’s response to Michael Jackson’s alleged pedophilia, "We love Michael so much we let the first kid slide." This is so true, but it wasn't just the black community, it was everyone. Michael was the world's most obvious pedophile, but he was such an incredible entertainer that we just sort of put it in the back of our minds so we could listen to Billie Jean guilt free.
You wouldn't say that if you saw how cute my pig is. And my chickens are neoliberal af, they shit all over borders.
I hate driving but hate living in the city ten times as much.
Damn, chill bro. You need to go home and rethink your life.
What a fucking moron. I hope one mod's stupidity doesn't compel you to start using that godforsaken tag.
That's tame compared to the daily posts on /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut. They celebrate police being murdered. For some reason that's not enough for a quarantine.
in the summer of 96 cause i met my hot girlfriend with huge boobs and we did sex like a million times and she got pragnet and had like 5 babbies but u dont know her we met at camp
Get ready for 10,000 math-loving redditors to tell you that you're just not trying hard enough.
Same here, which gives me a tremendous amount of respect for good artists. I love art that makes me go "how the hell did they even think of that?".
Reddit: bigotry is wrong! Also Reddit: everyone born within this arbitrary timeframe is a monster and deserves to die!
The US Women's Soccer team, the best female soccer team on Earth, was blown out by an under 15 boys team.
Well my gym teacher taught me to count inches when I was in kindergarten and I'm still not good at math.
I have classical, jazz, and Tekashi 6ix9ine in my playlists. What does that make me?
Only a Sith deals in wrong!
A president goes home and masturbates his typical fantasy. An economy tied up, an economy abused.
I mean for a TV/Movie cop, seven shootings is not even a busy *day*.
This is a moral high horse thread, we won't have any kind of that talk here.
Comedies routinely make light of death and murder too. I mean the whole premise of *Horrible Bosses* was people conspiring to murder their bosses for being assholes. Why isn't anyone outraged about that? I say we ban all comedy so no more feelings get hurt.
Lately a certain segment of the country has been advocating for involuntary re-education camps. I guess technically that would be a new system.
Aren't there are also more Puerto Ricans in NYC than there are in Puerto Rico?
Every NA I've ever known referred to themselves as Indian. Seems like it's only woke white people who are demanding to call them something else.
LOL of course it did. Do you know what reason was given?
Imagine being such a virulent bigot that you think people are shit because of the year of their birth.
The last sentence of your post is cringey conspiracy theorist bullshit. She died of blunt force trauma and her blood was even found on the car. You can criticize those people without believing nonsense.
Hot
Sandroids are providing some great pasta, and we're not even to Iowa yet. From /r/SandersforPresident: &gt;I'm sorry if this isn't the place to post this but this is the only place I could think of that might give me some support. I'm 24 and live with my parents, who are Trump supporters. I didn't vote in the 2016 election, because I was apathetic towards everything. This past year, I began to identify with Democrat ideals and in September I fully realized that Sanders is the person I want as my president. In November I had a breakdown and finally told my parents my political leanings, and they were pretty okay with it at first. I already knew to never bring up anything that could be related to politics around my dad because boy oh boy can he rant and make you feel bad. &gt;But just now I was in the living room with them and they were talking about how much money they have to pay towards my mom's student loan debt and me, in my infinite dumbassery, said well let's hope Bernie gets elected and then your student debt will be forgiven! Well then that opened the can of worms that is my dad's talk on how socialism never works, Bernie supporters advocating for gulags, do you want me to die in jail for thought crimes, Bernie honeymooned in Moscow, I'm scared for America, etc. He was pretty passive aggressive in his delivery, and I was just like :) but I was dying inside. &gt;I was already in a depressed mindset, but I was really struggling to hold it together while he went on with his talking points. After he was done I went back to my room where I've been crying for the past 45 minutes. I'm still pretty new to all of this and I'm not good at debating or stating my thoughts out loud so I just kind of shut down. I'm not good at defending myself or my ideals. &gt;I have 4 siblings and they're all pretty right leaning except for my oldest sister, who says she would like a Sanders or Warren presidency but I know she leans more towards Warren. Other than my family, I'm pretty isolated. I just feel like I can't trust anyone and that I'm alone &gt;Oof sorry if this is too long or not allowed on this sub From /r/politics: &gt; I'm from Canada and I just wish I could vote for Sanders. &gt;If you guys don't elect him - for the second time - I am done feeling bad for your problems and expensive healthcare. &gt;I'm an atheist, but if there is a god; that's his gift to the world. Him at the head of the most poweful country will change everything for everyone. &gt;Also, I think he is the only one who can quickly restore the world's trust towards America. &gt;Fuck Biden &gt;Fuck Warren &gt;Fuck Buttigieg &gt;Fuck Harris &gt;Yang has no chance &gt;Also, a BIG BIG BIG fuck you to that hypocrit Hillary Clinton who talks shit about Sanders. She sounds like the idiot POTUS right now. &gt;Go go go USA! November 2020 go vote for that man! Sanders for the win!
That's the part that bothered me the most. If you are able to vote but choose not to, you are the problem.
It's the definition of a cult. There are numerous people who I believe would make a good POTUS. They think there is exactly one person on Earth for the job, and if any other human being gets that job it will mean the end of the world. They're dangerously unhinged.
Ditto. I caught my own shrimp for the first time last year and after I got tired of peeling, I found I really like to eat not just the tail, but the shell too.
It's just regular salt that's on sale.
I think the 500,000 number was just a wild guess. According to [Reuters](https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKCN1IQ295) Walmart employs 1.5 million people in the U.S.
It seems to be a common belief on Reddit that all business owners are wealthy, which couldn't be further from the truth.
Our current systems have lead to ever-declining global poverty, increasing education, increasing democracy, better medicine, vastly improved access to information and transportation and exponentially higher standards of living. Now people want to burn all this to the ground because it isn't perfect. That's terrifying.
A store clerk in the 50s lived in a tiny house painted with lead, insulated with asbestos, no AC, had a rusty car that got 10mpg and died in 5 years, one land line, and *maybe* one small black and white TV for entertainment. Oh, and their doctor probably recommended smoking cigarettes to cure their anxiety about the impending nuclear war. Our standards of living are so much higher now there is absolutely no comparing the cost of living to back then. A poor person in 2020 has luxuries a rich person couldn't dream of in the 50s.
&gt;This all works on the assumption that the rich are an entity spawned out of thin air with bottomless wealth, and spend every day stamping on the less fortunate. Welcome to Reddit economics.
I can hear the shrill death shrieks of those incompetent Jedi "masters", and it brings me joy.
Yep. The case was solved, the perpetrators went to jail. Then a filmmaker with an agenda and some idiotic celebrities who knew nothing about the case decided to lead a campaign for innocence. Now the people who brutally tortured and murdered those 3 little boys are not only free, they're famous. It's sickening.
/r/news banned me over a year ago for posting statistics straight from the government. It took months to finally get a reply, at which time they told me my post was "dog whistling", and they couldn't reassess my ban because my comment had been deleted...by them. It's one thing to have agenda-driven moderators in an openly biased subreddit, but having them in a "neutral" subreddit for fucking *news* is a serious problem.
To his credit, he lasted a full 3 seconds, which was 3 times longer than the first two.
Latest leftist hot take: minimum wage is literally rape. &gt;There's not consent. You're under duress in the form of implicit threat of homelessness and starvation. If I hold a gun to your head and tell you to spread your legs, that's not consensual sex. If a husband tells his wife that she'll be on the streets if she doesn't, that's not consensual. The very basic rules of consent don't align here. Duress of any form, by definition, invalidates consent. &gt;People will work for whatever minimum wage is because there's ultimately no choice to be had. The situation in rural areas is even worse.
Nobody should be judged for the timeframe in which they were born. That's textbook bigotry.
The user who posted that is an avowed leftist and regular poster on /r/OurPresident, the totally not-a-cult subreddit dedicated to worshiping Bernie Sanders as a God King.
He was the textbook example of a burgeoning psychopath. Raging narcissism, killing animals for fun, violent outbursts, *drinking fucking blood to gain supernatural powers*. This is a guy who was so dangerous his own parents wouldn't let him live with them out of fear. It's disgusting the way all of these movies have painted him as a persecuted, misunderstood youth. He's a fucking monster.
Holy shit is there a thread about this somewhere?
He's not even a democrat and has spent his whole career shitting on Democrats, but they let him run as a D anyway. If they were doing "everything they can to silence him" he wouldn't even be in the race.
Wow he caught on to us early this year.
Oh god that pragmatism gets me hard.
