Grew up the same although I'm not sure where it came from. Maybe because my parents both grew up on low or middle class farms. Now that I've got kids, my wife and I have had arguments about whether the kids need to clean their plates. We are upper middle class, I've given in to her and the kids can walk away from dinner whenever they want. I feel like I'm spoiling them. We also don't want to force them to overeat or get to an unhealthy weight. It is interesting to hear similar perspectives here.
The US system is actually better. In the US the banks or card issuers are liable for all fraud.
I don't even know what my interest rates are. Doesn't matter, never needed to use it.
This is incorrect. I've never paid a dime in credit card interest, I've never not paid my balance in full. I pay early every time. My credit score is 810.
I'm keeping my mouth shut. UCF fans are salty when they see us.
The defense isn't putting his passes way off the mark.
I mean, we should go 12-0 in 2019 right?
Bama
"This team beat two teams that are in the playoffs" -Frost
I disagree. When I bought my sv650 it had the stock exhaust and I had multiple times where cars would try to merge into me. After putting on an aftermarket exhaust it was like night and day the difference it made for cars being aware of my presence. Not a harley, not a ridiculously loud exhaust, just something louder than stock.
Social engineering. I call into Equifax and tell them I forgot your pin.
SFS?
Yeah they're called development programs.
The pay is not amazing. Same gs leo pay scale as any other federal leo.
Doubtful. Which funds?
Your specific agency has to use the special pay scale. Most don't.
That's not amazing pay. And you were there under a year, adding to the high attrition rate just like everyone else.
Show me which federal pay scale will get you $130k in year one.
It's a LEO GS pay scale. It's still a GS. Even at 13 step 10 you're only at $123k for DC with no overtime. Nobody starts at 13 in year 1. More like 7 or 9. So 9 step 1 is almost $57k. You're telling me you can make $70k in overtime?
It is very important that we get to the bottom of this. We can't just have people going around, lying on the internet.
Even then.. http://awealthofcommonsense.com/2014/02/worlds-worst-market-timer/
[I'm confused](https://youtu.be/QzE76nUSjL8)
I did this and I don't recall the last time I got an offer. I forgot offers were a thing until I read this thread.
I bet that farmer is happy his taxes went down.
No way the bill even makes it to his desk.
Municipal internet is banned in Nebraska. ISPs won years ago.
Which town? Municipal internet is banned in Nebraska. Whatever fiber you're referring to is still from a corporate ISP.
Me too but this bill won't even make it to the governors desk.
&gt;Southeast Nebraska Communications is a privately owned, third generations telephone company Source: http://sentco.net/about Municipal internet is like your water or electricity - it is a publicly owned service. Again, municipal internet is banned in Nebraska.
You realize they got $7.8MM from a USDA grant and $3.49MM loan to lay all that fiber right? It's not like they have the income from their residents to justify the expenses. This is an extraordinary case, and they couldn't have accomplished it alone. https://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/news-release/usda-funding-expands-broadband-access-nearly-six-million-rural-residents-3 https://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RUS_ARRABroadbandCompletionChart.pdf That's $8,750 per home/business.
&gt;and I can feel my tech slipping away. But you had it at one point, just like riding a bike, which is more than others can say. And that's the problem.
&gt;I am looking at getting into network security at my corp, they seem to favor GCIH Seems you've answered your own question there.
Request the screenshot via https, capture the network traffic in a pcap, then create a hash of the .pcap. The https capture verifies the integrity of the transmission when it occured while the hash of the .pcap verifies that the pcap was not modified during storage. Provide the screenshot, the pcap, and the hash to the interested third party.
I had a comp sci professor just like that who was also tenured. I left a scathing review on the official review form after completing the final exam and he ended up getting fired soon after. 20 some years or whatever of wreaking havoc and poof...gone. I like to I'm personally responsible even though I know that can't be the case.
A thespian
Choose the path that makes a better story.
Only 90's kids will understand
Volunteer firefighters don't do it full time. They have day jobs or are farmers and they head to the station and suit up when a call comes in on their radio. Talk about caring for your community.
Everything you listed is local taxes. I would so much rather pay more local taxes and like half or a third of what I pay at the federal level.
WGU absolutely will win the battle, it was born out of political support and folks at the very top have given it praise. They won't let WGU fail when it is the solution to the future of education.
Ranger is already set to best the canyonrado on HP/Tq, wouldn't be surprised to have them best it on towing and hauling either. They should since they are the last ones to the party and know the numbers to beat.
The mileage per capability rating on tacomas is horrible. I can get damn near the same mpg with a tundra. I had a tacoma and sold it...I like the idea of them but in reality they are underpowered and poor mpg to boot. Reliability is great of course but c'mon toyota.
Ugly. Too European and feminine looking.
I talked to a coworker about my old F-150. We both got new jobs and I ran into him a year later and he was driving an F-150 after years of GM trucks. He told me he liked the styling but his biggest surprise was that it just didn't break all the time. He said he just thought it was normal for trucks to need constant repair. Poor GM owners.
JD power is a joke.
I'm not sure what you're referring to in your last 2 sentences.
Oh ok gotcha. Do we know for a fact that the blackboard discussions are due to regulatory requirements? I always thought it was just crappy teachers. So the blackboard posts really count as instructor interaction? I still think wgu will win out. Congress will change the rules that the dept of ed follows. Competency based online education is the future in many ways.
Of course, this makes sense. If a student is falling behind that is where the mentor should be advocating for them even more so. As a self motivated student I prefer less hounding.
Optimistic borderline naive.
I completed orientation but my degree plan tells me I can't see my courses until after I start orientation...I'm confused.
Should virtualize the dos program, then you can just do screenshots at least.
This is why I like attending western governors university. It's competency based. I can move along at my own pace without being held back by arbitrary lengths of time or other students.
I enjoyed working after school.
Because it's illegal to work without pay.
The entire US has cheaper and more accessible food than most of the world. Food stamps are a thing too. There is simply no excuse.
I laugh when I hear about these inner city food deserts and the need for public transport. In rural America there is no public transport. How are those people somehow still surviving?
Jesus I'm crying over here. I wish I had your talent for writing.
Yo literally picked the worst place to stop all along I-80. Lexington sucks and I've only ever stopped at that McD's to take a piss and hit the road again. You could've hit up Runza in Gothenburg or Kearney or something.
At that Lex McD's you're smelling the meat packing plants not the feedlots.
Planters cheez balls
Also the chip is randomized upon each use while the mag strip never changes. Regardless most credit card fraud is perpetrated online so physical security measures don't account for much these days anyways.
Primary cause is card not present, online fraud though.
I guess someone could go to those lengths to falsify data but in reality the use case for this purpose simply doesn't warrant this level of concern.
Just make sure if you're not familiar with grass fed that you understand it will taste different and may not be what you're expecting.
Ha, I had a dealer basically say that same line a few months ago. I said ok, went to the other dealer and bought it at the lowest price. Then the guy called me and was very surprised I actually purchased the vehicle for the price I said I could get. His loss I guess.
Even then I will choose the credit union out of principle alone. They exist to help me as the customer rather than the shareholders.
How many people did he kill with predator drones? Even our own citizens?
Drake is a kid in a wheelchair on degrassi
Iowa and eastern Nebraska are much more hilly than central and western Nebraska. If anything the glaciers contributed to the hills through glacial deposits.
Yeah you are. Maybe that's a regional thing.
Not true for MBA however they migrated off taskstream and perhaps it has changed since I submitted my last paper.
Training and company culture. Processes and procedures and employees smart enough to follow them.
Jizz and split
Because here the registration and property taxes are combined.
That shirt is husker red with white letters that potentially even say Nebraska.
Pro life also includes the choice to have sex and the choice to use birth control. Even the choice to give your child up for adoption.
Have you actually spoken with conservatives about this or are you just assuming they're opposed?
Adopt *what* mindset?
Whatever they come up with, it would be hacked in days. You'd be able to buy some kind of radio transmission device and send the code out as you're driving, forcing all Tesla's to pull over against the driver's will. It's a bad idea.
You didn't answer my question, and you don't know my political leanings. I was trying to determine if you were arguing against a strawman, and it appears I was correct. That being said, you can't just expect farmers to start growing hemp next spring. Doing so would require lots of prep and planning. You'd have to buy all new equipment, locate seed, learn how to grow it, be able to store it, have a way to transport it, and hell, even have a place to take it to market. You can't just grow a thousand acres of hemp in Valentine nebraska and expect the local coop to buy it. For working in Ag, you should understand the economics of it. Even if you were to find conservatives who are opposed to hemp, you might discover that their opposition is only due to the economics of it which simply don't make sense yet. The entire supply chain has to be in place before some farmer is going to take a gamble on switching from corn and soybeans to hemp. It's a million dollar decision, and one that could bankrupt the family farm should he guess wrong. If you haven't considered these things, consider yourself blissfully ignorant of the economic realities of switching crops. This doesn't make conservatives ignorant, backwards, or uneducated. It proves they understand the complexities behind it. Look, I get it, hemp has some exciting benefits. But farmers can't just decide to switch over with the snap of fingers.
Yes, you could use crypto, in theory, somehow. You could also use block chain, somehow, but not really sure what purpose that would serve. Either way, I wouldn't support the capability regardless of how well it is designed.
You're not providing a very convincing argument for why farmers in Nebraska should take on the risk and expense of converting to hemp, and you haven't addressed any of my supply chain points. It seems as if your only argument is "hemp good, conservatives dumb."
Farm subsidies exist for a reason. Food security is national security. Americans have cheap and reliable food sources. I won't disagree that some farmers are hypocrites but the system was put in place for very good reasons. What does this have to do with hemp though?
What sticks?
Hey at least you get your two beers a day
I have the opposite question, I don't see the value in knowing what the cut score is. It doesn't change my study habits or the effort I put into the test.
I hate writing, but WGU makes the papers easy. Just follow the rubric and address the areas they want you to expand on. All you're doing is proving to them that you know the material. I look at the papers generally as a series of short answer questions. They aren't like the papers I had in undergrad state school where they said "Write 25 pages on this topic" and I would just sit in fear wondering how I could stretch out my content to cover that many pages. At WGU it's not about length, it's simply covering the rubric. Plus everything is pass/fail, and you can resubmit if happen to fail. This takes all of the stress out of it.
And he was going 69mph when he hit them!
Ah ok, my bad. In that case I wouldn't let the papers sway you between MBA IT and MS Cybersecurity, as they are completely different fields. I have an undergrad in cybersecurity and chose the MBA ITM to diversify, plus I want to get more into management - hoping to move into a CISO role some day. If you want to stay technical then MS Cybersecurity is the better option of course.
You're still with him?
I'm Catholic and I don't think Catholic has much to do with this. This blows my mind.
Well there's what the Catholic Church says, and then there's what Catholics actually do... Yes, as an employer, that will happen. Because the employer is going to follow their official stances.
Yeah, natural family planning, we got that too and we're like hmm.... thanks? I don't know anyone who actually uses that. Perhaps the ones who drive the Econoline vans for all their kids? Ha
Cool thanks
This is West of Omaha. Lots of land owners were pissed and protested it. Others were complaining about the predicted use of illegal labor. Supporters were happy to see jobs come into the area. We'll see what happens.
Amazon maximizes their packaging and delivery efficiency. If it came this way, it's because it made the most economical sense for them. Somehow.. If it bothers you, you could just stop buying trivial things like this online.
I think[ this poster](https://old.reddit.com/r/ToyotaTacoma/comments/a4bc5i/what_does_v6_sr5_trd_sport_mean/ebdkpu5/) has the correct answer.
It doesn't. I've only ever seen it used in climates where snow isn't a thing.
There's no way to prove this statement right or wrong. But what it should remind you of is the problems with a first past the post voting system and the two party system that results. The US needs a rank voting system so we can vote for third parties while still not "throwing our votes away." I didn't want Trump to win, but I didn't want Hillary to win even more. That leads me with not many options when the ballot is in front of me.
Good one!
Good one!
Ok, get back to me in a bit after the plows tear these up. I've seen these pulled up and curled up in snow piles from the plows.
Ok now do the same analysis for Democrats. Any proof for your last sentence, or just conjecture? My point is that I'd like to break up the Republicans, and a rank vote system will allow that to happen, because we can vote for our absolute favorite candidate first without a care for their party affiliation.
As soon as I got my cissp I switched jobs and got a $25k pay bump
You're on fire! Got any more?
Yes, the problem is the two party system. The two party system exists because of our voting method. My point is, change the voting method to rank vote to give more parties a fighting chance.
So you think it would be a perfect world simply if everyone was a Democrat? I feel like you should agree with me, in that more parties are better than simply Dems and Repubs, especially if you hate the Repubs that much. If you dislike them so much, why are you in favor of maintaining a two party system? You are defacto in favor of republicans continuing as they are then.
OMG keep it coming I'm almost there!
I mean, I don't see anything to back up your claim, but this is the kind of thing I hear people on the left say. To me it's just a bunch of baseless accusations until you provide supporting evidence. Don't bother though. I only came here to point out the problems with the voting system. I'm not here to argue about left v right.
And it wouldn't be, if people would stop buying the larger. The market bears it, so Apple sells it.
Good one
Both our kids were colicky. They're two and four now, and each of them would not fucking sleep through the night for their first entire year. I've been in your shoes, and I know it sucks and feels permanent but I can promise you these days will end. They always grow out of it. What really makes my blood boil is our friends and family who talk about their kids sleeping through the night, or having to wake their kid up to feed them every four hours. Must be nice!! They don't understand the pain. Now my four year old sleeps like a rock but my two year old is in the phase where he comes into our bed every night. The wife allows it but I'm opposed. My only advice is to do your best at enforcing a constant early bed time as your child gets older. Consistency in schedule absolutely works.
I hope this day comes before the rapture.
This is why we need ranked voting
The fuck is the difference? Fucking Reddit where left, liberal, and democrat and Democrat are apparently all different things. You know exactly what is meant.
You literally claimed you were.
Why do you say this like it's a new problem? The founding fathers spoke of the same.
I would like 730-8. The wife is ok with 9 which is way too late. After a long string of me pointing out to her that the kids acting like turds was directly associated with her leniency, she finally agreed to bump it back to 8 and we made this switch during the time change so the kids didn't even notice. Go for 730 if you can, there is all kinds of guidance for kids sleep just look it up. Whatever you do, be consistent every single day.
That would be glorious. No way would my wife go for that. If we put our kids to bed at that time they'd probably be up at 5 every morning.
&gt; This isn't true. The urban world is quite happy to address the rural world's needs, it just won't do it in exactly the way the rural world approves of.
And?
Folks from rural areas aren't capable of nuanced and complex proposals. Got it.
That's not what he said.
&gt; Since those representing the country constituencies are involved, and they're arguing with basic premises, the conversation devolves into soundbites, and we apply half-assed solutions This is what you said. Country folks argue only with basic premises while city folks are capable of nuance. Name calling makes you look better educated and more respectful. Great job.
&gt;Do you want someone that displays business acumen and money management in their personal life with a solid employment history that shows the ability to lead and manage large groups of employees or do you want someone with a couple internships and $100k in student loans. Brilliant answer. If the interviewer didn't think so, it's their loss. Why would they bother interviewing you if they're still going to be biased towards their alma mater? If they don't hire you because of some ridiculousness like that, then you don't want the job anyways. Even the Ivy graduates will tell you that the education isn't the differentiator, it's the name on the paper and the "connections" they supposedly acquired. WGU is fully accredited; the material covered is standardized across all similarly accredited institutions.
Been a few months since I took it but I recall it being easier than I had expected going into it. Just like any course - do the PA, focus your study on your weak points, and jump into the OA.
Funny enough, I just submitted the 3rd task for C206. It was broken when I submitted the 2nd task, and the originality score didn't appear until the assessment was actually graded. Oh well, I'm not copying any content for my papers so I'm not concerned about it.
WGU posted a photo of their evaluators enjoying a team outing on facebook and they were all just regular looking Americans that you'd see around town...
&gt;They just differentiated their product in a monopolistic competition market and created demand from the upper society by restricting intake. Spoken like a true MBA graduate!
&gt;Until the Federal Government gives a shit, consumers are utterly fucked. And they don't, just look at OPM. At the end of the day, all I got was a few years of free credit monitoring. I think I have four free monitoring services now, and they all expire soon. At this point I am better off continually getting breached so I can keep the protection going on someone else's dime. The more breaches there are, the less significance my own info has.
Yeah but where do the fines go? Because they should go to the affected individuals.
It will happen soon enough. With the passing of the California Consumer Privacy Act, it has begun. As companies prepare to comply for their California customers, they will just as well apply the same handling to residents of all states.
Publicly held companies are required to seek profit for shareholders. I haven't read the link, but I imagine she wants to add more corporate social responsibility requirements alongside? Ensuring data privacy would fall under that.
No? There are still two other credit agencies to get that data from.
They have no fiduciary responsibility to their product (us). Of course, we can hope for some moral and ethical responsibilities, but they can't held legally liable for those alone.
What kind of IOT devices do you have on your network already? We don't have much if any at this point... May I suggest segmenting them to a different network like guest wifi?
Plus I can apply a WAF signature in a few minutes, with little to no downtime or risk. Applying those updates could require months for rewriting apps so nothing breaks. Obviously you want to do both, but one of these is quicker and easier than the other.
Talking to our app sec team, they agreed that our policy requires us to be within 2 releases of the latest vendor release for security purposes. They said this as if it meant they were doing a good job. I then asked them what percent of our applications have exceptions granted? "Uh...um...yeah" I said yep, that's too many. Security policies don't mean shit when nobody enforces them and everyone has an exception anyways.
&gt;In my case they've never been fined, because they have been lucky and haven't been breached. "Why do we need to patch? We've never worried about it before and we've never been breached, we must be doing fine."
"What happens if we train our guys, and they leave?" "What happens if we don't train them, and they stay?"
So now instead of driving over it and leaving, they drive over it and sit there because they have a flat tire? Seems counterproductive and asking for a lawsuit. You can't booby trap your property.
The employer knows what the market rate is, and they have their ranges, all they have to do is be upfront with it.
Just tell them you currently make $salary x1.2 and that you need $salary x1.35-1.5 to leave your current job.
You need a casb.
Because, as you said, it's only a problem if your data is actually used to open fraudulent accounts. For most of us, this hasn't and won't happen. These breaches are so massive that even if your data is spilled, the odds of someone picking you out of the crowd to try and impersonate are slim.
Generally yes
Sounds like they were concealed.
This is why people are advised to check their credit scores regularly and report discrepancies. The credit score companies have a vested interested in resolving disputes and correcting false information caused by identity theft in order to provide more accurate information to lenders. You're citing a problem which already has a solution. Granted, I know it's not painless for those who have been wronged, but they are not helpless and permanently screwed either.
I agree, I've just accepted that there's nothing I can do after having already been breached about five times by these companies. The companies only care to a point, and the government isn't helping. Not many options left.
Planters cheez balls
And injuring yourself
How do you know ahead of time whether or not you can retreat safely? You could attempt to, and be murdered, and that's it, too bad. The law removes this advantage from the aggressors.
That is not already the law. Nebraska does not have castle doctrine.
We don't.
Shout-out to wgu.edu. I can't recommend them enough. Edit: I should elaborate. If you work full time and have kids (or not), check out WGU if you want to go back for your Bachelor's or Master's! They're fully accredited and use a competency-based learning model that I truly believe is the future of education. No scheduling time to sit in a class and listen to a lecture - just work at your own pace and move through the material at your speed. Take tests from home at any time, and no bullshit busy work like commenting on forum posts with your classmates. I'm 75% of the way through the MBA ITM at WGU and love it. The school is so much better designed than my state university I attended for undergrad. WGU makes it easy to learn the material because you're not held back by trying to comprehend the material from your nutty and opinionated professor, nor your classmates who just aren't getting it and burn class time with stupid questions, etc. Plus, it is VERY affordable and no spending hundreds on books and fees. We're over at /r/wgu and everyone there is quite helpful
It really doesn't matter. Just something recent that can run Windows. Good specs to shoot for are 4-6 core CPU and 6-8 Gb RAM. I prefer AMD over Intel myself.
I think I did. My apologies!
The market isn't open 24/7.
&gt;outages mean they aren't making money but aren't losing it either. Sure they are. Lost potential profit is a loss.
Not how my firm looks at it. Being down during trading hours is not acceptable, and that downtime is measured in lost profit. These executives aren't just walking around like "oh well" as millions of dollars that would've come in, don't.
IT issues are absolutely life threatening downrange.
Employees are paid at market rates, which may or may not be directly proportionate to the value you provide to the company. Some positions don't bring in money but are needed regardless.
Certain dri my man.
I work in cybersecurity for example. I don't bring in a profit for the company, I only protect the downside. Value yes, income no.
Source for the macro claim?
Seems like this could go both ways? "I am a woman therefore I'm absolutely being treated differently because of it." Sometimes people are just dicks, and the organ in your pants is irrelevant.
Nice
So you made it up. Got it.
Where in Omaha are ya? This pic is months old based on the weather
* I did it back in March, it was one PA. * Mine was 12 pages, 3 of those being Title, Table of Contents, and References. Most of my papers have been around 8-10 pages.
* Yes you go completely at your own speed, but you do meet with a mentor weekly or biweekly and want to be making continuous progress. * Yes you start your next class as soon as you submit your last task or test for your previous class. You can do this as many times as you want within 6 months.
Aren't LGBT more over-represented than hispanic and african-american? What's the story behind that? I have to believe it is more virtue signaling than financial, because LGBT don't represent a large enough portion of the population to have a financial affect (I'm guessing here.)
Classy https://i.redd.it/hbjg4mhzvm421.jpg
California college students promoting shooting someone in the head as part of an NCAA sanctioned event. No player or staff thought this was inappropriate? An astounding lack of judgment by all involved.
It helps if you're "diverse" and have the means to donate.
https://i.redd.it/hbjg4mhzvm421.jpg
Classy. Good look for your program right there.
Classy https://i.redd.it/hbjg4mhzvm421.jpg
I'm not understanding the reason for all the negativity here.
I honestly don't think that's the case.
No.. They don't
It seems we are in disagreement here.
My kids have fire tablets. If you keep them contained to the kids edition and subscribed to free time, they handle the content for you. No need for a pi hole to do that.
Figure out how to turn it into fuel and you'll be rich. A widely used fuel source that is.
I got my most recent job through a recruiter. If you go that route, just be up front with them that you are only interested in full time, permanent placement positions. This keeps the riff-raff out and clearly signals to them that you aren't interested in temp jobs or term-to-hire jobs where you have to work and prove yourself before being hired on as a "real" employee.
I can't recommend going to a financial advisor. I've had friends that have quit sales jobs and 1 month later they are a financial advisor with well-known companies, hitting me up to invest with them, etc. The bar is too low. You're better off reading the books and gaining the knowledge yourself - it's YOUR money after all, and it's worth the time investment to spend a few hours of your life reading some books vs giving someone else your hours (money). You only live once - it seems like people are too excited to give away their earnings to others. /EndRant If you MUST go with a financial advisor, the key term you are looking for is "fiduciary." Make sure s/he is a fiduciary. This is in addition to the advice you've received from others regarding "fee only." BTW, the first book I recommend you read is Boglehead's Guide to Investing. If you only read one book on the matter, that's it.
Have you considered the MBA in Healthcare Management? Seems like it would be more up your alley.
Not for the use case OP is concerned about.
Honestly I don't like the 3rd gen. I bought a 2nd gen and will wait to see what the 4th gen looks like before i upgrade. The biggest things I don't like about the 3rd gen are the front fascia and the "short" body for a lack of a better term. I much prefer the [4runner front end] (https://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2382189.1443735587!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_815_544/nydn-bg-2016-toyota-4runner-photo.jpg). From the side profile of the 3rd gen Taco, it just seems like the body, from bottom to top, [isn't tall enough](https://twstatic.net/attachments/img_5079_8f1607e2d83c094b744796345f7686724d8c8fe3-jpg.2355640/). Not from ground to top, or ground to bottom, but from the bottom of the body to the top of the body there just needs to be more height. The 1st and 2nd gens don't have this issue to me, and it's especially apparently when looking at the bed. Maybe it's just me but it makes me cringe. Now that I analyze it, it may that the new lower body lines are deceiving.
Sure I can. &gt;they are under 5 but are getting cheap fire tablets for xmas and I don't want them stumbling across anything at that age He's not concerned about his kids stumbling across Amazon's telemetry.
I said the same thing before I had kids. My 2 and 4 year-olds already share a kids fire, and are getting another one for christmas. With freetime, I make sure all the content is educational. They mostly play games which build hand-eye coordination, reasoning, and problem solving skills...I'm actually quite impressed as I can see them learning over time. We do limit the time where they can just stare at videos, but those come in handy on Saturday mornings when the wife and I want some alone time if you know what I mean.
Agreed. The wheels and headlights are the biggest giveaways of age IMO and OP has the first solved.
I got curious. This design is from 2007. Google 2020 Tundra...not really a fan. [Still looks like just another refresh](https://truckbe.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/2020-Toyota-Tundra-001.jpg) if the spy shots are accurate.
This isn't evidence of the problem of the two party system, this is evidence of why the voting method results in a two party system. This is why we need ranked choice voting. In your scenario, this would allow the left voters to rank their choices as left 1, left 2, right 1. Thus eliminating throwing away their votes. Even better, it allows you to vote third party, left 1, left 2, right 1.
Plan for a family but without having sex? Odd.
It varies. I don't think they've touched it in a week.
Software Defined Networking (SDN) and Zero-Trust are two different things. Perhaps you are thinking Software Defined Perimeter (SDP)? SDP and Zero Trust are nearly interchangeable. I implemented Zscaler Private Access as an SDP solution at my Fortune 1000 to help meet our requirements during an M&amp;A.
Agreed, Cyxtera is the best SDP/Zero-Trust solution out there today. If you are looking for something cheaper and simpler, Zscaler Private Access met our needs.
The Zscaler agent needs to know where you're going in order to determine if the traffic needs to be tunneled to ZPA or left alone. I don't believe it uses DNS to do this though. We are pretty much done using it. It met our needs for a period of time for about 4k users but they're all off it now and we are just maintaining a minimal deployment in case a new use case arises. It's easy to set up and affordable. But if you want more control (and complexity), Cyxtera is more powerful.
The encryption would be from the agent to their cloud with zpa. You seem to be talking about ZIA? What encryption questions?
The Lincoln in council bluffs 801 chophouse does sometimes
Two fine Irishmen might fit your style. Bogies West.
Don't do it. V6 just doesn't sound that great. Put your mod money elsewhere
Where'd you get the recovery hook? Like it!
Stock
This attack can be performed remotely.
What about the items you didn't scan?
Not only that, but in bulk from Sam's or Costco. And hard liquor from the gas station.
With Sam's I just scan the items on my phone and walk out. They scan the barcode from my phone on the way out. Don't even have to wait in like for self checkout. Only exception is alcohol.
You must invoke the right to silence.
My problem is, people shouldn't have to know their rights. People shouldn't have to have training and education on how to deal with the police. I guess I'm expecting too much.
Yes. This is precisely why I do not recommend the use of biometrics. Also, passwords can be changed if comprised, biometrics cannot.
TL,R: demand a lawyer. The right to remain silent has been watered down.
Only point 1 stands
[Buffett did that.](https://www.cnbc.com/id/39710609) &gt;He chiseled me for an eighth. And if that letter had come through with 11 and a half, I would have tendered my stock. But this made me mad. So I went out and started buying the stock, and I bought control of the company, and fired Mr. Stanton.
He did an ama and he is definitely sick of it
Mandiant is one of the biggest players in this space.
There is flight... They're going to Texas. Is the GDP due to the high tax rates? Of course not. It's more likely due to the sheer volume of people that live in those areas. That doesn't tell us whether the taxes are at appropriate levels, it only tells us that areas of high population also have high taxes.
So? Why does the level matter?
Do the offspring deserve the inheritance? Perhaps the better question is does the government deserve it more? And to that, the answer is no.
This is common knowledge though.
But where does the money go?
Of course not. Why would I want to do that?
Yup this is a salesmen technique. Not a good indicator of giving a shit, but flattering to the naive.
I take it you don't live somewhere with snow
If it's important they leave a VM
Because as a friend you do give a shit
I assume so
Moving to higher COL though. I played that game and moved back. The increase in pay isn't proportional to the increase in COL.
TCL are cheap
I'm speaking about facts but ok.
Doesn't matter how we answer, you'll downvote and tell us we're wrong.
Shadyrays.com
Citi double cash
I just did. I personally moved to the east coast, and while the pay was higher, it was not enough to justify the higher COL. I moved back to Omaha and the pay to cost of living ratio is better. I'm not sure what else you're expecting me to say. It had nothing to do with my experience, I'm talking numbers.
Fact: I lived and worked in Omaha Fact: I moved to the east coast for higher pay Fact: the COL to pay ratio was worse Fact: I moved back to Omaha Fact: I now make in Omaha the same as I could make on the coasts while enjoying the lower cost of living
I didn't claim to represent everyone.
As is everyone else lol. This is the stupidest sub. I'm not sure why I even bother to post here
I am only speaking for myself. Didn't claim otherwise.
I provided a single counterpoint and was like hey guys, this isn't always the case, and I'm getting blown up for it. I don't care all that much but it's just like lol, I'm getting hit hard for not just joining into the circlejerk. It's just comedic at this point.
My parents just told everyone not to bring me gifts. Didn't bother me.
I don't see why anyone is saying the employers are wrong. Omaha has a low cost of living, this is not a false claim.
Holy fuck we can agree on something
You're not looking at the big picture. Your equipment is fault tolerant and secure in ways that you don't understand. This costs money... You're not buying things made by the lowest bidder in China.
The infighting is pushed by the Russians though.
Starbucks...
Starbucks..
It's impossible.. unless you leave the country and are entirely self sufficient. Think about it... Even buying land leaves a trace. Even concealing records through an LLC requires paperwork and a trace back to you.
Kraft Mac and cheese
Libertarianism is not synonymous with Republicans. Not even close.
The DOD spends a ton on research itself... If you want to talk about government waste there are better examples.
Libertarians are not anarchists.
Nope never happened
My mistake, I assumed we were talking about Libertarianism itself, not the subreddit.
The DoD doesn't spend money on research?
I have no idea what you're talking about. I guess I missed the anti-trump circle jerk?
...because it's the truth?
I only stated that the DoD spends a ton of money on research, and got downvoted to hell. What I stated is factually correct so perhaps you can explain why your response was highly upvoted? I'm completely lost here.
Yeah, there's markup because it must be purchased through an approved vendor, and must come from the appropriate suppliers and supply chain to ensure it's not tampered with, not purchased from Russia, etc. I agree the costs associated with the DoD procurement processes are absurd, but the processes and procedures exist for a reason..predominately for security purposes and also to follow the myriad of procurement laws set by congress.
Thanks for the explanation, that makes sense. I felt my comment was on topic because the Troops *are* part of the DoD, but I can see how it could have been interpreted as in defense of Trump or whataboutism, which isn't what I intended. (Sending troops to the border is pocket change when viewed against actual DoD waste. Hell, troops to the border at least serves some function, and I'd argue the waste is nil.) I appreciate your honest explanation without finger pointing...seriously! Thanks!
Thought they all started like gs7 or 9?
So I do know what I'm talking about, you just dislike that I pointed it out. Sending troops to the border isn't even a line item on the DoD budget.
Volatility is representative of an efficient market. Thus, it's a generally good thing because it ensures the market value is accurate.
How so?
Your pihole already has the logo stored at /admin/img/logo.svg You should drop a copy of it in /www/html/pihole and use it instead of referring to the external one at wp.com.
Volatility is a direct reflection of market efficiency if you believe in the efficient market hypothesis. Either way, I'm missing how it's "unsustainable"? Volatility can and will continue...
Maybe the role doesn't call for thinking quickly on one's feet though. Sometimes you might want someone who needs to think a little bit and ensure the answer is correct. Engineering for example.
That's a decision the employee is making. If I want to live in Nebraska and work in California, it should not be my employer's responsibility to provide me with more compensation to cover travel. This is an extreme example to prove a point.
Chaos
I fully agree, and that was the original intent of the founders. But when you try to apply that logic in practice, liberals in California are going to talk about how Mississippi is doing everything wrong, so they need to use the federal government to force them to do better. Arguments like that arise :/
Yes.
Yes
It's Amazon free time
To be fair I have an MIS degree and learned little to nothing about analyzing data. They have Data Science and Business Analytics degree for what you're describing. I'd describe MIS more as IT + Business.
By cyber are you referring to cybersecurity?
Mangia Italiana is good. Probably not the best, but good.
Easy, they must have less than 2 locations. Or ALL locations must be within a 30 mile radius or whatever.
Most beef is grass fed for most of their lives then fattened up on grain a few months before slaughter.
&gt;The whole thing about cows were never meant to eat corn. Yeah..but...so? They live on it just fine and it makes them taste delicious. Kind of like how humans weren't meant to live on fast food and prepackaged junk food and pop but here we are. It is more expensive, and I'd argue it's like buying some name brand handbag for $1,000 when the same thing from Target does the job for $40..and lasts longer. You do you I guess.
&gt; Restaurant Depot Requires a state business license.
Costco targets upper class suburban white moms. Their products are more likely to be white label, and also more likely to organic, grass-fed, all natural, etc. If you get a Costco membership you can feel superior than other people and believe that you are making the world better by support a company that treats its employees well. Costco has a larger variety of products available, especially online. And random things like travel. Sam's demographics are more middle class and more diverse. They focus more on name brands that you'd recognize and also have their own white label brands that are great quality as well. Overall, Sam's is a bit cheaper for the same or comparable items than Costco. Sam's customer service is worse and they employees are cut from a different cloth than those at Costco. I minimize interaction with anyone by using the self checkout on my phone and I fly past the long checkout lines.
&gt;It is the same stuff, at the same quality, generally the same price, that one can get at Walmart without a membership. This simply is not true. &gt;Have generally better quality of items. I would argue that this *might* be true when comparing Kirkland Signature to Member's Mark. But honestly, Member's Mark is usually damn good quality and I have no qualms with what they offer. Otherwise, this simply isn't true when referring to nationally known name-brand products. In that case, I've found Sam's to have slightly better prices on name brand stuff. &gt;Costco treats their employees WAY better than Sam's/Walmart. Accurate, and it shows. Counterpoint: Costco is always fucking packed. I drive by there on a random weekday at any random time and the parking lot is still full. It's ridiculous. I can get in and out of Sam's a lot faster, especially when using the Sam's self checkout app on my phone.
How do you force a communist economic system into place without authoritarianism? The sooner we admit that both are required, the sooner we can stop tip toeing around the truth. Communism kills.
"small town" What small town looks like that
Laws for thee and not for me
Right. I thought you were referring to the neighborhood, the homes themselves, the layout of the lots, etc. You absolutely find nice lawns and landscaping in small towns, but not a bunch of million dollar homes :)
As long as it is for legitimate purposes and not for shits and giggles, as it appears to be in your commentary.
They don't seem to be taking their job very seriously then do they.
I've had foot drop for about 15 years now from a football injury. Such a lame ass injury. Some days I think I'd prefer a fake leg over this.
No
Good steakhouse like longhorn? LMAO
Cruisin for a bruisin turned into your ass is grass as I got older.
Benson and the old market should be made into foot traffic only areas and also allow you to carry your drinks outside from bar to bar. Entertainment districts..
We put up $3k at 801 chophouse and I'd do it again in a heartbeat.
Just be aware that you can't do DLP from the hypervisor layer.
Just use something like Proofpoint which will rewrite the links in emails and check them for security before sending the user to the site.
TYL https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Unintended_consequences
DNS **uses** UDP port 53. This is correct. But saying that UDP port 53 **is** DNS is NOT correct. Protocol validation is a thing.
&gt;Unknown foreign device MAC addresses were simply ignored by the DHCP server. I thought your next step at this point would be to simply spoof a MAC on a personally owned device.
It still appears you do not know what you're talking about...
Valentino's does squares
What a joy you are.
&gt;Most of the study material : I can honestly say that, for most of the courses I took and passed, I rarely used the actual study material to learn the subject. I hate to say it, but MOST of the time I relied on the PA questions and Quizlet to extrapolate the needed information and then apply basic logic to apply that information to the OA questions. This method might allow you to pass the specific material you're being tested on, but doesn't give you the depth you want if your goal is to absorb the material for long-term. &gt;Math courses aside, MOST of the classes were RELATIVELY simple. I never once felt like I needed to reach out to a course instructor to get help, because something was too difficult to understand and I'm NOT an overly smart guy. Comparing to classes I've taken in-person at the University of Alaska-Anchorage, Illinois State University and Santa Rosa Junior College, the depth of the material I studied was just... less. I think part of this can be attributed to your study method described above. Counterpoint, I got my undergrad from my State U brick &amp; mortar and MBA ITM from WGU. Like you, I did question the depth of material. However, upon deeper reflection on my brick and mortar, I recalled several classes where the class was "difficult" not because of the materials of content, but because of the shitty teachers and the hoops they made me jump through. Things like attendance, participation in class, writing papers a certain way that fit the teacher's personal preferences (as opposed to proving you knew the material), and odd non-standard assignments and methods of giving quizzes or tests. Plus the stress of it all. In the end, I don't feel that the depth and breadth of the education gained at WGU is lower than a traditional university. I think the difference is in the delivery of it, which makes it more accessible. Stress is greatly reduced - papers can be redone and tests can be retaken if you don't pass the first time. The point of getting an education is to LEARN not be punished, right? We learn more when we have the chance to fix our mistakes. Secondly, everything is standardized from the course layout, instructor interactions, OAs and PAs..it's all very clean, organized, and repeated for each course. No more getting your syllabus on day one of a traditional class and spending time trying to decipher how this particular teacher is going to grade your papers, or try to gain knowledge out of their terrible teaching style or thick accent. WGU cuts through all of the extraneous, unnecessary crap that hinders you from actually learning the material you came to learn! To me, that's a good thing. Don't confuse this massive process improvement on the education system with the idea that you didn't learn as much. The difference is, you didn't stress out as much, and didn't have to deal with nonsense as much. Your degree was based on best practices, the content was literally identical as to what you'd find elsewhere (and free), was accredited by regional accrediting bodies that cover a wide range of traditional universities. What more could you want?
What happened to my beloved valentinos? Used to be good back in the 90's. Or I was just younger. Either way..
&gt;It's probably good if you're from here. Nothing to do with being from anywhere. It used to be better in the 90's. You'd go into the buffets and they would be packed all day on tehweekends. Somehow they went to shit.
&gt;With this change, most of my reasoning for being a student at WGU has flown out the window. I think you're being a little dramatic here. I understand your concerns but this change isn't enough to put some fictional WGU competitor over the top. WGU still leads the way in flexibility.
So you just invest in index funds with different underlying assets such as.... Bonds. Investment advisors are there to make you feel good about giving them your money.
http://money.com/money/3925308/rich-families-lose-wealth/
lol. Get your bags of piss ready.
Omaha here. KC is just about the only placed I'd consider moving to. Cool place.
Pho all over man. When were you here?
You can get Oklahoma Joe's in Omaha now.
We don't have fireflies in Nebraska. Maybe you meant lightning bugs? And we drink pop.
I happen to think it's damn near perfect. And accurate AF obviously.
Yes. Not for everyone is just the tourism slogan not the state slogan.
Turning has nothing to do with elevation though. The railroads followed the Platte River, the interstate followed the railroads. Flat, cheaper and easier to build, faster for travel. You can take the highways further north if you want more scenery and less cell reception.
We watch all our sports ball games in the basement and I have a bar around the corner with a TV above it so everyone can sit where they want and enjoy the game. It's great.
So you just ate whatever your parents got you.
&gt;As for WGU - I'm going to have a real hard time taking a school seriously that allows a 4-year degree to be completed in 6 months, or an MBA in 22 days Because you're missing the difference between competency vs credit hours. Competency means you know your stuff. Credit hours meant your ass sit in a seat "listening" to a lecturer for X number of hours. Lets say you're a big history buff. You have shelves of books that you've read in your spare time and you're heavily active in history subreddits or whatever. Then you decide to go get your history degree. If you can simply test out of all your classes because you already know the material...does that make your degree less valuable? At the end of the day you already knew the content. Does sitting in class for a few hours a week rehashing material you already know say anything about the quality of the school? That's essentially all WGU is doing - if you know the material you can pass classes faster. There is no point in putting asses in seats for X hours to rehash material they already know. If you know it, you know it.
I'm not seeing how this post conflicts with the one above.
They have some that sit below the road surface. But still I don't see them lasting long.
Yes our new Honda does
They spent all that money on the signage and most of the time it's just stupid quotes on them. I like your ideas much better.
Yes.
Kinda fucked up considering the dogs are unable to give consent to put their lives on the line in this career field.
I don't care but I'm still blasted with the propaganda against my will.
Sounds like picollos based on my experiences there. Nothing you couldn't get at any no name diner in any town. Could never understand what made it special aside from the off chance to see Warren.
Certification &gt; Education? How so?
If Toyota made a Jeep equivalent that included a removal top and doors I would already own it.
Dude standing there with the classic hands folded salesman look and shit eating grin
Or make them feel patronized.
Yet you still go there.
I literally bought a vacuum, turned it on, roaches ran out of it. I was like..wtf... The irony.
Not even close.
If the 4runners still had a removable top I would already own one.
Were any innocent bystanders hit? You realize these things are dead accurate now? Not just lobbed over the fence left handed.
Even the signage at their charging stations is a marketing expense. It's a little disingenuous to say $0 on marketing. They have a marketing team and there's a cost associated with it.
Disagree, as someone from the Midwest I don't feel represented in the media at all. For foreigners watching movies that make it overseas they absolutely do not get an accurate grasp on much outside of LA. I say this as I'm sitting in southern California on vacation.
I'm a clueless Midwesterner. What mainland habits or problems are you referring to here?
I'm doing my part.
Nebraska here, you can get a school permit at 14 to drive only to school if you live far enough away.
Conservative here, I wouldn't worry about it. We are only moving more towards single payer over time.
Seems to me like they are grooming Hannah B to take over Chris Harrison's job.
I've never had a wait that long in Omaha. Suggest sarpy county DMV.
I cringe when they say it somewhere that literally has consistent weather. It's just like... No....
The classic crazy hot scale
People move to cities for jobs and shit to do. Economies of scale don't mean much when the cost of living is higher.
They already do. But rates won't become higher than they already are for regular cars.
And it will cost us more overall. The same way the automakers make more money from their financing than their vehicles now.
Jesus Christ we get it. Republicans are literally evil and Democrats can do no wrong. It's just plain old black and white ain't it. Fucking Reddit.
Although it does fully enumerate the powers of the federal government. But for some reason we just ignore that.
&gt;I'm saying that that staying in power is seen as much more of an end in of itself for the Republican party Same for Dems. &gt;Democrats are also trying to play the line of appearing better to the world at large. "Appearing" being the key word here. &gt;outside of America Aww, that's too bad. Unfortunately for you, those outside of America can't vote in our elections. I know how much the Dems would love to change that though.
Should we require you to get pre-approved to vote or exercise any other constitutional right? Oh, and pay for the pleasure? Of course not.
Imagine if this were being done for the right to vote. Would that help you understand?
Great argument, very convincing.
We have one. It corners great too. Very surprising package all around. Nimble.
Yes we need ranked choice voting.
Most of them.
There is very little public land in Nebraska so that question is basically irrelevant.
It's almost as if most people are not single issue voters.
In some states, voter registration is automatic. You know, because it's a constitutional right. Just like carrying a firearm.
&gt;It also creates legal burden on gun sellers to not pretend to not know they're selling to criminals by requiring them to only sell to people who have valid certificates This is the only valid point you made. &gt;(which cost substantially less than a driver's license) Cost is irrelevant. The fact that there is a cost, whatsoever, is the issue. Exercising a constitutional right should not have a cost associated with it. No, driving on public roads is not a right. I'm sure you'd be up in arms if someone said there should be an monetary cost associated with registering to vote.
&gt; I have served in the armed forces with &gt; Buying an assault rifle Does not compute. "Assault rifle"? Really? You're better than that.
It still makes you an asshole if you park there, even if you know the technicalities of the law.
True, but the point of having a handicapped parking spot closer to the entrance is specifically to aid with physical impairments.
I don't believe that the blue curb and lines are the case for all states.
Right. All Repulicans are uneducated idiots who vote against their own interests. If only they could see the light and vote Democrat, every single person in this country would be better off. /s
No, we should have neither. Everyone should be able to exercise their constitutional rights - no registration needed.
And when it goes down, there's nothing you *can* do about it either. I'm ok with that...some aren't.
TIL damn near every handicap spot I see is out of compliance.
Aka hedonic adaptation
I agree. Dats nasty.
Isn't honeycrisp gmo though
Check out wgu.edu or your local community college.
In what field? This image originated in Cybersecurity circles and the use of impact is the standard.
He didn't say it's a bad deal. But think about cash flow.
At least we have XFL to look forward to. Maybe?
Moos is most at home on a cattle ranch. I think that says a bit for the type of person he is.
To the Bourbon Bowl!
It's not frivolous in that case..
Every local I met in Vegas was originally from socal.
Read bogleheads guide to investing.
Low expense ratios combined with broad market index funds is the best you can do. There are no guarantees, but you will do worse than the market over the long term with any other strategy.
The books are probably outdated because firepower itself is outdated. Avoid at all costs and go with a more modern solution. This is coming from someone who has directly and indirectly managed an Enterprise firepower deployment going on 8 years now.
Zero trust or secure access service edge are getting hot.
Loved the post, thanks for sharing! &gt;I'm not including the second round of improvements because they were basically put in place immediately before selling. I'd like to see your result with these improvements included. Seems like VTSAX would be even further ahead in this case.
I have a buddy who has gone through several rental homes and is slowly moving out of them. We discussed it for a while at happy hour and I mentioned to him that I have a bookshelf full of real estate investing books that I've read front to back. He asked why I never got into rental homes or flipping. I told him: "Because I read the books!"
Which part of this scenario is local vs traversing through ZPA?
And the consumers flock to the company with lower overhead to the surprise of only one person - you. You're also ignoring the massive warehouses and shipping facilities and all those who work there. Those web servers don't ship the products themselves you know.
As soon as we talk about not being world police, those other countries get upset. They want it, they just don't want anybody to know they want it.
Still waiting for my JNCO jorts to come back around
Clearly the qwest center.
Ah so the trick is to buy an ad and place it on the 2nd or 3rd result!
I mean, the actual answer is likely to be the country of origin of the author or book. If you're enjoying content from the US why would you be surprised by this?
NE is the actual abbreviation for Nebraska.
I can tell he's not from the Midwest because he used NE and didn't mean Nebraska.
GBR!
That's not official by any means.
I would say most of us Americans have straight teeth by birth. Sure some kids get braces but they are the exception.
The United States was literally founded on a tax revolt. Perhaps that should be a hint for anyone bewildered by the tax aversion that still exists today. "I love my country, it's the government I have a problem with." Americans view federal taxes negatively because of this mindset. As a Constitutionalist, I would be much more willing to pay taxes if they went to local and state needs vs federal. You know, like how it was fucking designed.
Yeah I'm not sure that last part is accurate.
I don't know what this means or implies.
Both. Both happen today. It's not either or.
He's such a judgemental ass. Why is he always on our soil?
Seems like needless redundancy to me.
How dare we assume an American website has Americans on it.
Because Europeans who visit the US general only see New York or LA and skip the other thousands of miles in between. There are 50 states and those "international travelers" see two cities and consider themselves educated on the matter.
Roads are not charitable. Nobody is disagreeing with you.
My van cost $700-800 a year to renew. That's not negligible.
Nope. 6th worst. https://www.kiplinger.com/slideshow/taxes/T006-S001-10-least-tax-friendly-states-in-the-u-s-2019/index.html
13% would be a huge increase over what I pay now. Hell, it's more than my total out of pocket max + premiums. That's a lot for increased wait times.
Ok, great, no argument there. However, I guaran-fucking-tee that if I'm forced to pay in 13% on my taxes specifically for healthcare; those existing taxes that go to healthcare aren't going to just disappear. It will accumulate. If you really get to the bottom of it, most of those opposed to nationalized healthcare in the US aren't necessarily against the concept of national healthcare, and no they aren't stupid, no they don't hate their neighbors. The underlying issue is they don't trust the US Government to implement an effective and efficient solution. They know from experience that whatever is implemented will be shitty and expensive.
I wouldn't be so sure. I've heard bad things about CenturyLink and personally the Cox service has been fine for me. It's just annoying to call them every year to get my price reduced. Upfront, clear pricing from Cox would be much welcomed.
I'm pretty sure that failure statistic doesn't apply to franchises. That's *why* you franchise. It's a proven model.
Buying a franchise is in no way diversification. You're in one location selling one set of products and you spent $1MM just to get started. That investment is illiquid and focused.
Wow TIL
Source on the approval ratings? My wife works in healthcare and those cover so much less than paid insurance.
Most people own one franchise (with various locations), not a variety. You're diversified across geographic locations but you're locked into the products sold by the brand. If the brand is suffering you are suffering.
What's really annoying is I just rolled over my wife's 401k to an IRA and finally got it all invested last week, then it dropped. I knew it would happen, oh well..
respect
You must INVOKE your right to remain silent.
&gt;But remember. They don’t hate the method. They hate the message. They hate when black activists get attention. Do you have any source at all for this claim?
How is low ready a threatening position? What are you expecting?
Looks like a tanned chick. Can't tell. Guess it's relevant really, fucked up regardless.
Yes, I do. Because someone with combat experience in the military can recognize a legitimate threat to life and limb vs a young woman kneeling on the ground holding a sign. Once you've experienced real combat in a war zone against enemy combatants, you gain a perspective that helps you understand that your own fellow citizens are generally nowhere close to that level of threat.
I can't see her rank in the photo or video. What is her rank?
* End police immunity. * End police unions.
&gt;Speaking of self defense, those defense laws only work when you yourself are being attacked or threatened to be attacked. Not your business. Your business is a separate entity from you. You can see in the video the man in the gray shirt is backing up with his hands in the air. It looks like a man charges him, the grey shirt guy falls down, and then gunshots are heard? I don't see how you can spin this as an attack on *the business* when the incident occurs on public property. You make good points about the legal standing of the situation. Here is the relevant Nebraska statue. https://nebraskalegislature.gov/laws/statutes.php?statute=28-1409 &gt;(4) The use of deadly force shall not be justifiable under this section unless the actor believes that such force is necessary to protect himself against death, serious bodily harm, kidnapping or sexual intercourse compelled by force or threat, nor is it justifiable if: &gt;(a) The actor, with the purpose of causing death or serious bodily harm, provoked the use of force against himself in the same encounter; or &gt;(b) The actor knows that he can avoid the necessity of using such force with complete safety by retreating or by surrendering possession of a thing to a person asserting a claim of right thereto or by complying with a demand that he abstain from any action which he has no duty to take, except that: &gt;(i) The actor shall not be obliged to retreat from his dwelling or place of work, unless he was the initial aggressor or is assailed in his place of work by another person whose place of work the actor knows it to be; and
What is your source?
I don't buy the conspiracy theory that the police are used to promote income inequality.
Read the statute. &gt;(4) The use of deadly force shall not be justifiable under this section...if (a) The actor, with the purpose of causing death or serious bodily harm, provoked the use of force against himself in the same encounter; or . &gt; anyone can carry a gun, get in a fight Getting in a fight would invalidate it being a self-defense.
Decline to charge them for what?
My mistake, you're correct. Why was he not charged for that in particular?
Yep, I tracked this case when it occurred and recently shared this on social media to spread awareness.
&gt;You clearly missed the point, there is no need for these business owners to be out defending their property when they have insurance. This is you acting like it's all good.
The word in question here is "provoked." Per the statute text: &gt;Pursuant to subsection (4)(a) of this section, to deprive a defendant of the defense of self‑defense, the defendant's provocation must be with the intent that the defendant will then cause death or serious bodily injury to the one that the defendant provoked, and it must all occur in the same encounter. State v. Butler, 10 Neb. App. 537, 634 N.W.2d 46 (2001). . &gt;The use of deadly force shall not be justifiable unless the actor believes such force is necessary to protect himself against death or serious bodily harm, nor is it justifiable if the actor, with the purpose of causing death or serious bodily harm, provoked the use of force against himself in the same encounter or the actor knows that he can not avoid the necessity of using such force with complete safety by retreating. State v. Menser, 222 Neb. 36, 382 N.W.2d 18 (1986). No disagreement, a good lawyer can bring anything into question. The 6th amendment is vital.
182nd and Margo area was specifically called out somewhere on social media. Somebody believes he lives in the area or something.
I'm a conservative and I strongly support this.
I don't know. I just specify I'm conservative because otherwise reddit thinks we're fictional characters.
Milts
I didn't see any warning shots in the videos.
I'll take your word for it. In my concealed carry course it was clearly stated that warning shots are no bueno. I expect he will be charged for carrying the gun without a permit in Omaha as well as the warning shots.
I know. I'm saying I take your word that the DA said it.
Why would it? It's not like the police are being disciplined for what is coming out on film except for a few select cases.
Because there are no repercussions.
Those in the military swear an oath to protect and defend the constitution of the united states. What oath do police officers give?
I commend the governor for apologizing for something he didn't do just to ease tensions and improve relationships. That's very difficult to do and shows leadership.
The Governor doesn't unilaterally author and sign bills into law. Maybe try contacting your representative?
The painting bears no resemblance.
People often ask on reddit - when will the 2A supporters stand up to the government? This is your answer. If police responded to George Floyd protests by indiscriminately mowing down protesters and pulverizing their dead bodies with tanks.
We're not your enemy. I'm here and sickened.
That's the point of the militia. The 2nd amendment.
My cop friends have gone silent as I share this shit on social media. They still say "but the good cops". I ask them... Where? Which one in the video is the good one?
Yep. Still watching to see any good cops come to render aid to the man and another good cop pulling the ones who shoved him aside. Even common fucking decency would be an improvement at this point.
Public employees should not be able to unionize against the public interest.
Remember, your oath is to the Constitution, not the person in charge or the police. If the police are acting in opposition to the Constitution - remember your oath.
Imagine seeing the police brutalize some members of the national guard on TV. Imagine the outrage. The guard swore an oath to the Constitution, not the police.
That doesn't change anything. The oath is still to the Constitution not to the current President or some local police officer.
I can't imagine how crazy this would be to see on TV. Imagine the guard protecting the Constitution by defending the people from the police. Truly fucked up times.
I'm sorry. I should specify I'm a conservative. I don't know what today's Republican party is but it's not conservative. I'm more libertarian than anything. Anyways, my point is, you shouldn't shut out your allies on this matter just because they don't vote Democrat. Some things are bigger than whatever the two major political parties want you to believe.
That's a loaded question. Can I not support Trump and also not support Hillary or Biden? Fuck all 3 of them. As I clarified in another comment I'm more of a libertarian conservative. Of the two major parties, I lean Republican with reluctance. We need ranked choice voting so third parties that better fit our beliefs can get seats. The two political party system is a false dichotomy. The point of my original comment here is to point out that police injustice is a bipartisan issue. Pointing the finger at Republicans is not the answer. You have allies on the Right - don't shut the door on them.
You realize those tanks and drones are still operated by a human being? That person can still be reasoned with or killed by a bullet. I get so annoyed by your argument as if you think the US military would turn on it's own citizens. The military gives an Oath to the Constitution, not to the sitting President. They will not turn on their own people. They would defect before doing that.
I'm not Donald Trump and the first past the post system which results in two parties is not a problem I created. We need a ranked choice voting system to allow other parties a chance at seats. We all recognize the problem with a Duopoly in business but we think it's ok in politics? We need more competition in political parties. Just because I voted on the "other side" doesn't mean I'm your enemy on any and every issue. There is lots of gray in the middle that the two primary parties don't want you to acknowledge. **Don't let them get away with that by thinking anyone who isn't Blue is your enemy on every issue.**
I didn't see anyone claiming that. If they did, fuck them, I don't care what party they are on. I don't wear a jersey.
I don't subscribe to the false dichotomy of a two party system. We need ranked choice voting so we have more options than shitbag R and shitbag D. Everyone knows a Duopoly in business is bad for the consumer but for some reason we've all been sold the lie that a Duopoly in political parties is ok. It's not you vs me. It's not black and white. You can complain about Trump all you want and I will agree. But if you think that makes Clinton or Biden a better option you've lost me there. You can't tell me these people are the best America has to offer. **You have an ally in me on this issue. Do you really want to push me away and say you don't want my support?**
Yes, probably, initially. It's not a risk free move to disobey a direct order. I believe they would be court martialled and would have to argue about the Constitutionality of the order.
I'd love to not vote for him but I have more in common with the Republican platform than I do the Democrat platform. Even if I leaned left Biden is a dumbass. Literally a no win situation. Also FYI just because you reluctantly vote for someone doesn't mean you condone literally every action they take 3 years later. I can't justify that shit.
It's not weaselly to understand the world is gray and not black and white.
The alternative is to be unarmed and helpless. It's an easy decision.
"are we the baddies?"
I'm not a single issue voter and you shouldn't be either.
Did you just assume their race?
Ask Biden.
Same for Democrats. As a conservative I was actually relatively pleased with the Democratic options. Then you picked Biden. Like wtf.
If we had ranked choice voting our votes could be grey. That's my point. If my political leanings go 52% right and 48% left I'm voting Trump. It's that simple. Which shows how idiotic our two party system is. If the left had run nearly anyone but Biden I would've considered switching for the first time in my life.
Biden was the one who implied he should get the black vote by default. Why would he think that?
I liked Pete personally. My issues with Biden are not so much his positions but because he's a dumbass. If I'm going to have a dumbass in the white house I may as well have the one that better fits a greater number of my political beliefs.
Ok whatever you say. I liked Pete and would've considered switching over hit him. But you literally picked the D version of Trump. A poorly spoken geriatric dumbass. You could've picked someone younger or even a minority but no you went with the old demented creepy white guy. Yay you.
Have you heard the man speak? It's not propaganda just listen to him. My grandfather sounded like him just before he died. If the Dems ran damn near anyone else they'd have a shot. But just like choosing Hillary, you all shot yourselves in the foot again.
Agreed. We need ranked choice voting.
What if I told you it was possible to vote for a man yet not blindly agree with every single thing the man does once in office?
I'm not referring to his stances. I'm referring to *him.*
Keep in mind, the Democratic *party* is a private organization whom can nominate whoever they want. The party selected Biden as their candidate prior to the first debate. It was clear. Same shit they pulled with Hillary. If you still think you have a choice you're mistaken. Your only choice is in the general.
Alternatively, you get Africans like Elon Musk. There can be white African Americans. The term is all around stupid.
Even then I'm sure the NG is not authorized to actually do anything.
I don't expect to have a fire in my house but I still have a fire extinguisher just in case. Same thing. It's not fear. Don't project.
I'm not defending Trump. And it's not either/or. We need ranked choice voting and more than two political parties.
I'm not going to run down a list but his handling of economic issues and trade is good. And lowest black unemployment of all time? People seem to be consistently ignoring that one because they can't handle the truth that a republican president is helping blacks more than the left ever could.
I agree on the deficit spending. I'd love to get to a balanced budget but it's never going to happen and the economists seem to have no concern with it. Their stance seems to be that we can always print more money to pay the interest. This seems flawed to me but I'm in no position to argue against them. At the end of the day we're all operating on fiat currency which feels like a house of cards but I as a single person have no input on the matter. None of the candidates have held any stances on reducing the debt or deficit as far as I know. Republicans are failing on this, I'm aware.
Personally I'm pretty pissed about the complete absence of concern about the 10th amendment.
Branched Oak has a few beaches and swimming is open. Good for kids. We were just there on 6/6
I guess my house gets humid and stinky.
You can do some fundamentals analysis and wind up with a portfolio that is similar to say.. VTV. And then you see that you're underperforming. Now what?
Wouldn't that information already be priced in? I say that in jest :)
Police officers aren't required to know the law. You are. But they aren't.
Enforce the policies they implement? At least in the case of the TN chief - "Failure to intervene will result in disciplinary action, Roddy said." That to me is a significant statement.
&gt;Failure to intervene will result in disciplinary action, Roddy said.
Huh? We wish we were on the same team. THEY are the ones with the thin blue line aka us vs them mentality.
Wish I grew up with rich parents...
You just reminded me of this situation where a mayor was raided. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berwyn_Heights,_Maryland_mayor%27s_residence_drug_raid
