Sad, but I don't think even sacrificing a kitten on live TV would hurt the Republicans that bad politically. If you listen to their campaigns, they do speak out to the poor and middle class... But the message isn't intended for anyone except the wealthy. They talk about smaller government, they talk about lower taxes... Basically, they hit the nail on things the average person agrees with. Until you realize that by smaller government, they mean only things that affect wealthy people, but hurt the average Joe. By lower taxes, they mean the wealthy... But someone has to pay for the cuts... Which is the average Joe.
What I suspect is Amazon shows their own ads, not the ones from YouTube. I know I can completely block YouTube ads using adblock. So going a step beyond, block ads, and inject your own...
You can only cut taxes so far before things start to fall apart. Like infrastructure? Paid for with taxes. Actually, there are a lot of things that taxes pay for that people don't grasp... Yeah, they complain bitterly about welfare and such, but those programs are just drops in the bucket. Regardless of who in in office, if you want to cut taxes you have to cut spending... And neither side wants to cut spending, rather they both keep adding spending budgets... That the only way to counter would be too raise taxes. Probably the biggest waste isn't the programs for the people... Rather it is the internal government spending, the military (yes it is a huge waste that isn't optimized.. Almost 2/3 of our budget piss poor optimized.) I'd like to see a tax bill that covers spending, that the people directly vote on. One that covers cutting spending, programs, etc... And taking budgeting to an extreme level that becomes sustainable. Have each program require to "run for office" and explain, in common terms to the people what it does and it's benefit to society as a whole. Examine the tax structure and determine what is fair across the board... And require that for it to be passed it must not fall into a red line anywhere at a bare minimum... But optimally should be able to reduce the deficit even if slightly.
Let's put a cap on cost of living expenses... Make it so someone working full time can afford a single bedroom apartment in whatever city they are working in....
I remember one of my co-workers telling me about their time in Hawaii when Obama stayed at his vacation home... The street was completely blocked off, and residents had to either stay home the entire time, or leave and not come home until Obama was gone.
In before Diebold lobbyists pay senators to reject the bill. Diebold lobbying is the reason electronic voting machines have become the norm. And almost every election there is proof of concept of how to hack the machines, that are always silenced fairly quickly...
Depends on the remote and the camera. Not all cameras pick up IR light as they have a filter. And remotes can use different IR frequencies that the filter may or may not block. Get a camera designed for night capture, those do not have IR filters, although they can have some really bad daytime images that look washed out.
Aww, while I like what my secret Santa sent me...I think I would have preferred your gift more, love that chef bear!
What I suspect is some people have stars in their eyes when they see things like an Xbox or some other expensive gift... They are jealous that others got a Santa that had more money to spend. I have a secret Santa tradition myself, regardless of the exchange theme, there will always be a stuffed animal included in the box. Rarely a big one, as I realize not everyone has space. But they are usually from a company that isn't crap. Usually get some negative response to that, as they weren't expecting it... Who does? Isn't that what it's about?
I have a few that do not show up on my phone camera, nor do they show up on my point and shoot. Yet, the remotes work perfectly. IR also has different frequencies much like UV LEDs, and not all frequencies pass through filters designed to block IR.
If there is anything I've learned... Doesn't matter what technology we have now.. And while World War III may be fought with nuclear weapons, World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones... On the good lines, probably won't have to worry about population, or climate change either....
Titles, how do they work? Might want to go back to elementary school so you can learn that part again.
Well, and pepper sprayed some that were peacefully sitting, for not following commands to disperse... Jailed quite a few people, some of which lived locally and were just at the wrong place at the wrong time. Our government really didn't support them...
That's why you never depend on a single source. You think Fox, CNN, NBC and the other local news sources don't have any agendas? They all are herding their viewers over a cliff, it's up to the viewer to decipher what is really going on. Treat all sources as fake news, and come to the conclusion after seeing multiple angles what the truth really is...
I'd still be poor, I've grown up and people rarely call me a nerd. They do call me for help with their computers though...
503(c) charities are pretty good about doing this as well... There is no requirement for all donations to be used towards the actual charity... Some are better than others, but you have to watch the "administrative costs" which give the heads 7 figure yearly incomes, which in my opinion is hardly "non-profit"...
Probably the guy's lawyer managed to convince the judge/jury that the evidence was fake or unusable in court... It's easier to question the evidence validity sometimes than it is to fight the evidence directly.
"or" you mean it can't be both?
How many full time jobs do you think someone should have to just pay the basic costs of living? If minimum wage jobs are the most prevalent as far as numbers of jobs available... Minimum wage should at a bare minimum be a liveable wage. (Able to rent a single bedroom apartment, plus necessary utilities and food... Doesn't have to be luxury, just a place to live and survive.)
We'll see how short lived it is... I'm sure there will be lawsuits and much red tape. That's how Comcast rolls over competition.
How much do you want to bet it's not over, and Comcast will sabotage it fairly quickly. These big corporations hate unnecessary competition.
Depends on what hackers decide to do with it. Unpatchable on the hardware, so now you have to use software fixes. I understand this vulnerability is basically rowhammer or the heartbleed in what it can do, basically gives raw information in the memory tables which can include passwords and login credentials, and anything that could possibly be stored in RAM.
Of course I can think of another drug that is just as bad at making people idiots... Beer.
Because they stand to make more money by blocking competition... You think having lower prices competitor, that has better customer service is going to benefit Comcast's bottom line?
I'll trade that for the traffic we have here... Which I don't even consider to be nearly as bad as where I used to live.
That was his neighbor's pineapple. You should be glad the pineapple didn't have any Grenada inside, otherwise it would have been all over the kitchen.
Hmm... And who better than to tell the story than someone who was there... I mean it's not like Trump would tell all, as it really happened.
It's the Republishit way! They claim internet is just a luxury... Which I'd say, if the government requires you to file for unemployment online, most jobs require you to apply online... So for just employment reasons you require internet, it isn't a fucking luxury, it is a requirement.
Just remember, this is nothing more than a ploy. If there is competition companies don't have to uphold net neutrality... Lowering the standard means cell phones become competition for land lines. Don't forget that everything Republicans are doing right now is to absolutely fuck you over, rake you over the coals, and then fuck you again for good measure.
Well, until we hear about mass hiring going on instead... I'm waiting...
Kind of reminds me of one of the campaigns I played long ago. I played as a small red dragon (welded a dagger like a sword, 10 item capacity, used other player's to hold more loot... And worked closely with the DM as the dragon was the voice of reason..."naw, I heard the treasure in there is worthless, and not worth *my* time. [Remember the 10 item limit... So it could have been good, but couldn't carry it even if I had wanted.. Players could ask about it and what I heard was guarding it.] Favorite part of that entire campaign... Dragon wielding dagger party is level ~2(low level) and is ambushed by kobolds. Mage: "bite it damn it!" Dragon: "blech... Do you know where these things have been? I'm not putting that in my mouth!" (I played comedic relief... Dragon did not possess the intimidation... Highly intelligent, but slightly crazy, and was old, very stunted growth.)
I think now that net neutrality has been lost, and ISPs claimed that it would help build more internet... The requirement now should be 100% of household have internet or availability by the year 2020... Or be fined collectively 1 million per week until it is completed...
Hmm, it's not like they don't pay a lot already to provide the bandwidth in the back end... Comcast is a middleman, they want their cut... You pay for bandwidth, Netflix pays for bandwidth... Comcast is holding out their hands and saying they want more. It's not about Grandma only using it for email... She pays the same amount, for the same bandwidth, but doesn't use it.
Of course we are talking about the companies that have already said that when you buy a movie, say for home, if you want to watch it in your car you should have to buy it again. Music industry has said basically the same thing that if you buy it for one device, you should have to buy it again if you want to listen to it on another.... And they had called not buying it for each device/usage "piracy"... Slippery slope, but at the same time it's what they have been calling for.
You don't understand how currency exchange rates work, eh? You should see how volatile the exchange market can be for USD on the world market. $1 isn't worth 1€... Some days it's worth more than others. Currency value is dictated by supply and demand, which is why countries that flood the market with their currency had uncontrolled inflation.... Bitcoin has one advantage, the will always be a finite amount dictated by math... US currency could fail if the supply seriously exceeds the demand... Such as printing money like crazy.
Not a single currency is default 1:1 it is solely based on demand, if there is no demand, the currency is worthless. That is how the numismatic economy works. Sure there are countries that lock their currency to the US dollar, but it's buying power (PPP) is definitely not locked.
But the Trump administration still calls it a home run.
You don't starve administration, you only ensure that teachers and ultimately the children suffer. Need to axe the administration, and cap their salaries, and make it so any tax increase only goes to teachers and directly into education for children. The children are the hostages in these games, and you need to make it so they aren't anymore, any school funding increase should not go directly into administration. Strings must be attached if the money does not get to the right places, it should be voted on and taken away until it does get used for what they claim it would be.
It's actually bullshit... Just remember if it costs less than $5 a day to replace a worker, they will. It's just another excuse to not pay a living wage. (Do the math, the kiosks might have a somewhat steep upfront cost, but they pay for themselves in less than a year... And the cost is coming down fairly quick.)
Why do you think companies are so eager to drop the headphone jack? It has nothing to do with space or quality... It is to begin the elimination of the analog hole... If you can control what is connected, you control who can listen or view the output by locking out unauthorized accessories. (See HDMI)
And she did leave, voluntarily... The officer was waiting outside, through the entire handcuffing she looked like she was cooperating... While the officer kept telling her to quit resisting. Not sure what his body cameras seen, but the witnesses with the cellphone camera also caught it on video. I think that these levies and additional taxes should come with strings attached, and bullshit like this should nullify them entirely... Let the school system suffer, because those in administration are the only ones that get decent pay, and in turn fuck over the teachers and students at every chance they get.... Just like this entire fiasco pointed out.
I'm not sure what you'd consider playable... My computer has issues with Saturn, and all models of the Pi are significantly weaker than my PC.
So... God really doesn't know the future. Free will doesn't mean you will change the plan, if it's already been determined, what is the point of attempting to change it?
It's going to be awkward for the federal government if majority of the states make it legal...I think with as many that has legalized it already, the federal government should get their heads out of their asses and maybe decriminalize it already.
I think calling either a clown is an insult to the entire profession...
At least clowns are trying to be funny... These politicians should be called train wrecks, they are a serious issue that most of the time could have been prevented with proper maintenance, or some level of training... And yes, it is so bad that the world can't help but watch the wreck as it happens.
Probably going to get worse over the next few years just the same. On top of governments demanding back doors, you also have the special government tools, and then you have leaks then you have script kiddies getting their hands on such tools. Already not a single platform is safe due to CPU exploits, software can protect... But I'm sure someone, somewhere will find an exploit in the software protections effectively nullifying them. I'm sure there are untold bugs that we should be concerned with, but have no clue the problem exists. Hell if the Intel bug affects basically all processors back to 1995... What will we find out in the future that is just as bad, that affects everyone that has a common component in every computer/device?
If that is what it is to be stoned, they need more! Maybe with enough stoners we can actually have something nice for a change.
I'd say it has more to do with holding corporations accountable to their contracts... To which the federal government is weak kneed to money. Lot harder for the corporations to donate to reach and every municipality...
Even the dinosaurs went extinct. They will lose their crown unless they can redesign their chips to eliminate both flaws in a timely manner, otherwise AMD will waltz right over their corpse.
I'm not sure they are going to find the colluding to be honest, at least not directly. However the rabbit hole is showing to be quite the popcorn show of other things they can nail various people with. Jared is probably going to be collusion, but Trump is probably going to be money laundering and conflict of interest.
To those that believe that there are no errors in the bible, consider that over 1/3 of the original language has absolutely no English equivalent. Most of it stems from which witch is which type words that the word can be spelled or pronounced the same, but context changes the entire meaning... Consider the word love... Do you love your mother in the same way you live your wife... That would be contextual change that would be hard to convey in languages that have a completely different word for the same difference.
Oh come on, they are like Pringles!
You've been here at least 4 years, you should know cringey stuff tends to be popular.
Problem is, not a single president in the last 60 years has been scandal free... If you think otherwise, you have not been paying attention.
I guess a drummer that can't do syncopated rhythm is defunked.
http://instantrimshot.com
Oh but we do have business in the middle east... As long as they have oil, we have business. This is a resource war, nothing more. Can't wait until fresh water becomes scarce...
I think they mean the crazy guy from North Korea that is having a dick measuring contest with our batshit crazy leader.
Just wait until that massive tax cut catches up with us... You don't think when that happens under a Republican controlled house and Senate they would raise taxes do you?
I don't know... Back in the 80s there was 2 reasons to have cable TV... Clear images, and NO COMMERCIALS. Face it, advertisers and money will always fuck everything up, and then they will ask for more because raising prices and making a 30 minute show stretch out to an hour show with commercials is never going to be enough.
Because we have some very stupid Americans that live in the main land that are arrogant and have absolutely no clue that Puerto Rico is a US territory, that people living, and born there are US nationals. (Not quite citizens... But if they wanted, there is absolutely no wait, they pretty much jump right to the oath part, no test, nothing.. So basically they **are** US citizens with just a single step...) They are taxed just like citizens though, even if they never take that step...
I wouldn't, you never know what kinds of disease it carries.
Reducing taxes doesn't create jobs, not unless you apply strings to said tax cuts for the explicit purpose of creating jobs. If a business doesn't need more employees they won't hire new employees, less taxes just mean more profit nothing more.
Hibernation perhaps...I mean do you see very many bees flying around in the middle of winter?
Depends on how cold it is. If it was above 60F, sure... If it was below freezing they would be groggy and disorientated, not likely to do anything except die.
Still not worthy of any kind of recognition. I mean look at how many children die every year of stuff that would be easily preventable by mankind if we could work together without concern for profit, but somehow it is beyond the scope of some being that could be considered a god? Sure, it might want us to act, or influence somehow... But without a safety net in case too much greed prevents it? Not cool. Could go on with many other things, as far as I am concerned god doesn't exist, or is one pretty evil character.
... And fail in some humiliating way.
That's what unions are supposed to help with. Cost of living has been going up, minimum wage increase or not. Problem is, how do you balance job wages and cost of living increases so that people don't have to work 3-4 full time jobs just to be able to afford a hole in the wall barely big enough to sleep in?
Funny thing is, I've seen furries with fursuits that are just as sophisticated as the CGI beast... Surprised Disney didn't call one of the more reputable companies producing them... Probably would have been cheaper than replacing an actor with graphics. Practical effects can be just as effective.
Destabilization isn't going to benefit anyone in the end...
They should use Intel cards instead. /s
They do, miners don't want the headless GPUs because they can't be resold.
Depends on the retail sector... If all your business is focused on nothing but selling GPUs... Sure. But if you are a business selling other components that you make more money off, that without carrying GPUs customers would likely shop somewhere else... Yeah, not good for business. Then you have the resale market, once these cards become "obsolete", miners will be selling them off in droves, good for gamers, until you realize that mining seriously abuses the hardware reducing the lifespan significantly. (This is why most warranties exclude mining.)
And will likely have issues, as the hardware is abused in the mining process. Running at 100% constantly 24/7 is really bad on hardware. Gaming might spike it, but it has a chance to cool off a bit between intense processing spurts.
Uh-huh... The full 6502 processor? Source?
I think autism is probably more environmental and more than likely something that the parents were exposed to, most likely the mother during pregnancy when the child is forming...
I've seen the difference between them structurally. A North American Volkswagen has a fairly light door frame, whereas the European version weighs a ton more... Why? Because the North American version does not contain the steel reinforced beams. Also most American vehicles, the engine is mounted to the frame, on a head on collision it is more likely to be just a part of impact, the same European model the engine on a front end collision, the engine and mount will go under the vehicle rather than into the passenger compartment. It boils down to why implement costly safety features if they aren't required.
From everything I can see, Trump isn't about bringing the jobs to the US... It is about fucking everything up in favor of the ultra wealthy, and leaving a crater for the next president to have to fix during his 4 years.
I think his definition of swamp is different than yours... Look at the things he was against, look at what he has sworn to overturn and eliminate. Look at his attitude toward any kind of regulation... His version of the swamp is basically things that help the average person and hinders corporations from freely profiting regardless of who it hurts.... His idea of a "great America" is really the swamp **we** wanted drained..
Although what plate is it on? Big quakes can trigger quakes on the same plate/fault thousands miles away. Even still, slim that it would have any effect.
That's better than one of the local value villages store policy...I couldn't buy anything that was put on the floor for 48 hours as I was a friend of one of the employees. They had a strict no friends or family snagging the good deals before the public had a chance...I suppose it was because she was a pricer and they didn't want them to give special deals and have friends pick them up.
It isn't regulations, it is contractual agreements made to encourage companies to build the infrastructure in the first place. If the city or state allowed competition, it would end up in a breach of contract lawsuit that could cost billions, and halt activities of the illegal competition.
Although, if the congestion is that common wouldn't upgrading that part of their network to handle the flow make more common sense? I mean if you have a freeway that is 4 lanes that has constant traffic jams, would it not make sense to increase the number of lanes so that traffic can flow more freely? With network congestion it isn't like a freeway in the same sense, more that you add more side roads and larger hubs and direct traffic through them. Basically Netflix isn't the problem, rather the ISPs don't want to invest in network optimization to better handle the traffic, they want to keep the traffic jams so they can charge more. The world in general uses exponentially more data than they did 10 years ago, which was exponentially more data than they did 20 years ago... So...10 years from now it could be expected that we will use exponentially more data than we do today. We aren't building this infrastructure to handle more, we just charge more so that you can have the privilege to use a system that is not designed to handle even the traffic from 10 years ago.
I think you would probably shut down the restaurant for about a week. Of course BK could hire more workers, and build a larger kitchen to accommodate the orders, at least then they could handle the traffic if someone else ordered like that... Which is more than the ISPs do, they would prefer to keep you waiting rather than upgrading to handle modern data usage. Seeing how the amount of data used now is more like your example, except it's not just you... But in this case, the ISPs refuse to build the network to suit the needs of the consumer. Much more profitable for them and their shareholders to avoid upgrading, and just charge more for less.
Those companies do pay through the nose for their connection just the same, it's not free to get on the backbone of the internet. They can spend tens of thousands of dollars a day for bandwidth to provide content. You pay for service, they pay for service... The middleman is holding his hand out and asking for more money from both parties even though they already get money for providing the bandwidth from both parties.
As someone who used to live close to the Canadian border, I think Canada was doing just fine, actually a lot better than we are. Come to think of it with all the closing of factories and laying off American employees where do you suppose they are moving to? Hint: shithole countries where they can pay employees less than $2 a day and import crap into the US to make even more profit. Where are the employees going? Probably on unemployment or going homeless... For those that say the stock market is doing so well.. It is not an indicator of the economy, it is just an indicator of how profitable stocks are, which is definitely a bubble that is so overinflated that when it bursts you will see exactly how worthless the stock market is as a gauge.
That's why any tax incentives to increase hiring should have strings attached, no new employees, no tax cut... You laid off hundreds of employees, you lose any cuts you may have had... Strings are the only way to ensure government, and businesses alike behave and do what they say they will.
So bank robbers shooting back at police is just self defense....I get it now!
It's design is almost as if it was perfect breeding ground for corruption to occur in the first place.
It's so they can control release dates across multiple regions. If a game is released in Japan they don't want the hype broken because people are able to play it months before it is released in North America or Europe. (See Lik-Sang versus Sony... The whole reason that case happened is because North America got the Vita a whole 6 months prior to Europe, and because Lik-Sang shipped world-wide Sony couldn't stop them from selling to countries they were building hype in without sueing them into oblivion.)
Ahem, not cheap? If you are saying flash storage isn't cheap, you are pretty much able to get 16GB memory cards for less than $6 now...DS had a maximum of 2GB so....
And here I was thinking they businesses seem to be more interested in fast money now...I mean who else would have complained to the GOP to get these regulations reversed... Probably most of these companies did the absolute least they had to do as it was, or cheated so they didn't have to spend millions to truly meet regulations. Then you have companies that never cared in the first place, cheaper to take the fines than fixing the problem... Extensions, hell some of them have had extensions as they were "researching" ways to meet regulations...HA! Jokes on us, they now don't need to research anything, or that was the purpose was to wait until some ass came in to rescue them from having to invest in the first place....
Jesus: Professional stunt driver!
At least Trump had eliminated the requirement for having it in the first place...I mean if he wanted to completely fuck over the American people he could have increased the penalty for not having insurance, eliminated or sharply reduced the subsidy bracket, and made a few changes to sharply increase premiums so that everyone ends up paying much more. (Don't forget elimination of the regulation that a certain percentage of the premiums had to go toward healthcare, not raw profit...) Of course, I wouldn't put it past this administration to do something like that.
Yes, that is true. However I think there were a couple other things that could have artificially increased them particularly the idea of mandatory, and elimination of the percentage that had to go toward healthcare. (Captive audience) I'm just thinking of things that could have been if they truly wanted to watch the world burn. At least from this angle.
Safety should trump sales though...
Come on, that's like asking how many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop.
I always thought being a liar was a requirement for being a politician... But to be president you required a degree in convincing lying and bullshitting your way to the top.
Probably the closest one can get as there is no master list: https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/article.php?ModuleId=10008193
These kinds of scammers feed on desperate people. They don't care who they hurt because it makes them money. Think of it this way, have you ever had a Nigerian prince send an email pleading with you to not send them money because it was really a scam? They don't feel sorry because in their minds it is their job, and to do their job they have to lose their conscience or they don't get paid.
All right, I'm game... So where is the sources to back up your claim, and discredit people who actually were survivors, the documentation that emerged out of the camps and officials. How do you discredit everything that completely calls your conspiracy bullshit and disproven?
Really now?... Considering only around 30% were Jews... Yeah I'm really a new sock puppet. To be honest, I couldn't give two fucks about the Jews, they are just another desert tribe that thinks they are something special. I have more sympathy for the Polish which 7.5 million of them were executed, more than there were Jews... But yeah let's just continue claiming that it was only Jews if it makes you feel better.
I love how people forget one problem... She could sue the homeowner. Yeah, it's a scumbag thing to do, but there have been cases of thief sueing homeowner for injuries and winning. Double salt to wound.
The problem isn't with how profitable a game itself is or can be.. The statistics have shown that games in 2016 had made $5bn, and the piss poor loot crate and other various micro transactions had made $22bn. The question, would you settle for a smaller pile of money, or the bigger pile of money for the same amount of work?
What I could see is possibly he scammed another into sending him a Western Union, and using you to pick it up for him. Probably the amount for the camera is just a money laundering fee to him. Not going into detail, but information is gathered on the sender and recipient so you become an end point for the scam, and sending the money to him becomes harder to trace.
Reason I'd suspect a side scam is Western Union codes won't work if there is no code generated. If it indeed works, I'd suspect there to be two separate scams to separate the scammer from the payment.
Although there are many cases where the federal authority is foolish and irresponsible... But very profitable to their donors.
I have an IBM model M keyboard that still works as good as new. Of course these things were built like tanks. I have to connect 2 keyboards because typing discreetly while talking on the phone, I'm usually called out for not paying attention.
And the original recordings as well. Try putting a copy of "Praise the Lord and Pass the Ammunition" from the 40s on YouTube... Got flagged by Sony because it occurs in a recent war movie.
Great! Almost finished filling it with raw sewage.
Does the ears actually add anything to the functionality? I mean sure you can put notifications there, other than that they are fairly useless due to ratio+bite out of screen, and creates even more screen size fragmentation for developers to fuck up.
Well, she probably had people stealing her luggage... Yeah, it's hideous, but very easy to identify.
So..much..winning! I didn't know that there could be this much winning at this whole economics game! And our government is fresh out of fucks to give, because they will just blame the democrats and promise to fuck it up more..I mean "fix" it...
Yeah, we're just so independent and don't depend on a single thing to be imported or exported. Isolating our economy is going to completely fuck the US over. (And because we aren't the only game in town, everyone else will just get their stuff elsewhere as if we don't even exist.) Is this what Trump meant by winning a trade war?
Naw, but when the markets start to tank they do sell stock like rats fleeing a sinking ship, causing the prices to drop even further.
Why would they bother? It weeds out the stupid people who fall for the scam... If it wasn't profitable, they would fix it quicker.
We do kind of have speech limitation legislation, usually referred to as hate crimes, which can in some jurisdictions increase jail time if you used certain combinations of words.
Someone golfing with Trump got a hole in one... Everyone knows you **don't** make your boss look bad. /s
Oh yes, you hear about it... Usually the common response was "well then they weren't really Christians in the first place."
Naw, we like having a buffoon to give corporations everything they want. He also makes an awesome fallguy if something should fail. -Congress
Probably laughing his ass off...I mean Obama's presidency was a mine field, conservatives were watching him like a hawk.... And if you replace "Trump" with "Obama" in most of the shit going on, the conservatives would have been all over Obama like flies on shit... But since it's Trump, they don't have any fucks to give. Funny, huh?
And don't forget that majority of illegal immigrants came to the US through legal means. Go on vacation, overstay visa... The wall won't stop that.
Invited to lunch!
Or that could make them 10x more radical!
And you know that he's going to brag about saving those 50k jobs, and be silent about the 350k. (And would have no issue telling those people to pull up their bootstraps.)
Yeah, they used to chew on the bark back then to relieve headaches. Ancient Egypt has references, Socrates used it, there is some references in Greek mythology and Homer's writings.
Broke, yes... But they feel entitled because they make so little, and westerners make so much, they feel it is their right.
Although the ones that I hate are the ones not only wearing it on their sleeve, but have their face tattooed so that there is absolutely no mistaking their religion... And treat you like an opposing gang if you aren't part of his....
Pretty much the same as CB channel 9... Heard someone trying to strike up a conversation on the "dead" channel...
I had downloaded 69gb at 8mbps in about 30 some odd days. (I wasn't limited by my own bandwidth, but the peer I was connected to.)
I think when Samsung or other brands are charging as much as they do, timely updates should be expected. I switched to Apple because of this bullshit... Android users should expect more from their $800+ devices as well... Demand carrier decoupling as that is probably the biggest bottleneck, followed by greed and insisting that users upgrade every year, and using updates as a tool to force you to upgrade.
The problem with phones in the US, unless you buy unlocked from a business that isn't directly tied to a carrier... The carrier has all the power to block updates. If you say purchase a phone from T-Mobile, of TMobile decides they don't want to support a device for more than a year, updates will stop after a year, each phone has its own images for that specific carrier, often bloated with useless apps that can't be uninstalled without root (which is why the right to jailbreak/root has been fought so hard... And pretty much why Android is being hardened from being rooted.) I find that Apple has distanced itself from the carriers so there is nothing that the carrier can backdoor into the firmware. I have had a carrier device that missed the last 5 updates, and was filled to 80% capacity with carrier bullshit that couldn't be removed. (As no root method was available for the device thanks to the carrier patching the known exploits.)
Global warming....
Maybe E3 can be where they announce new shit found in loot boxes!
Introducing the new humane electronic corporation that pays it's workers fairly.... A new tablet only starts at $1,500 for the base models! The problem is, which would you prefer buying? A $300 gadget that is considered high end, or a device that has similar specs for $1,500 that all people working on it through the distribution chain was paid a fair wage?
Problem is, would the business last long enough? Sure, many people would prefer to pay the company that has fair wage ethics... But places like Amazon, Walmart, ect says majority of people just want cheap shit, and don't care about the labor practices so they can get the sweet deals on the tech they want.
True... But most businesses have shareholders... And they don't invest to make pennies on the dollar. You have huge overhead when manufacturing locally, some positions pay over $100,000 per year, and that isn't even in upper management. I'm sure you could cut this back a bit, but good luck finding someone who's gone through a university to do the job that in any other company would pay much more. Basically, have it manufactured here locally, or have a company bid to produce it cheaper than you can... And reap the profits as if you had manufactured it. If your business could build gadget A for $300 and sell it for $500... And Chinese company could produce gadget A for $50 and you could sell it for $500... Which route so you think the shareholders are going to push? Remember, the shareholders aren't in it for the charity, they want maximum profits and returns on their investment.
Agreed. They have gotten that far because we let them... Although, I don't see them knocked down a peg very easily as they tend to have a lot more power politically thanks to us letting them treat us like crap for so long.
Now that you think about it, doesn't sound all that much like punishment...
After a couple centuries worth of practice, they will be pretty good at it too.
Not all vaccinations give immunity, some seriously reduce the effect because your body knows how to deal with the particular virus. Such is the rhinovirus (common flu)
I'm pretty sure if real time news during the Nixon presidency was possible, we would have heard the same kind of play-by-play we are getting now. Technology has made it possible for everyone to hear about news as it happens, instead of being a small event that you only heard a blip about it in the evening news.
?ISTORY.TXT
I ride a 50cc scooter, and people do go absolutely ape fucking shit if you get a good parking spot...
VPN won't stop much, all they need to do is block encrypted data and call it a business service so they can charge through the nose for it. (Goes hand in hand with the repeal of the data protections so ISPs couldn't sell user information.)
I don't think traffic infractions are used toward maintenance, I'd suspect they go in to subsidize the police department.
Don't forget the handle is made from razor blades as well... The more he tries to cut, in the end he will do far more damage to his own legacy.
We have Trump, they already won...
With the internet and a focused campaign, a single person can have a lot of influence. Repeat the message over and over, get people to talk and repeat your message... Even an obvious lie can he believed by the masses. Probably happens more frequently than we like to admit.
Well, why compete? Most ISPs have regional monopolies... Are you really going to move somewhere else just to get a better deal with another ISP?
I had high hopes for Sony's take on Smash, the All Star game. It was fun, but I didn't quite get the one more try feel when I lost single player...
Actually, I lived in a town that the police had a monthly quota... Yeah, last week of the month they would nail you for 1mph over, and often rely on your not knowing the revised codes. (Maximums for tickets... Usually if you went to court to fight these, they "halved" the fine, which was usually the maximum. $200 fine halved to what the supposed maximum $100 fine, and a slap on the wrist and removed from your driving record if you promised not to do it again.) Glad I don't live in that hell forsaken city anymore...
I've got a micro GameCube controller that was about 1/3 the original size... Probably made for smaller hands.
Nintendo suddenly realises this and makes the controller happen to sell more units...
Prediction if this happens:. Assassinated within the first term. Replacement undoes everything accomplished.
When you look at what Trump has done to "drain the swamp", you will realize that his idea of swamp, and your idea of swamp do not match. Trump believes that corporations need protection, and his idea of the swamp is regulation protecting consumers... While your idea of the swamp is corruption... If you go around saying "drain the swamp" off course the people are going to like that idea, who wouldn't... Fuck the consumer is what you are really agreeing with.
Genetics say that without the sperm, the baby would have been a clone of Mary... Or a severely deformed infant that probably would have miscarried before it even made it to the uterus.
It's called a job perk... /s
I think they finally got one working and in an upcoming device. Now in a bid to remove the notch, combined with the idea of an in-screen fingerprint reader, why not put the front facing camera behind the OLED panel and darken the area when the camera is needed. Make the notification panel always black and put the ambient light sensor under the screen as well... Just an idea.
I've actually seen a tattoo that just said "Leviticus 19:28"... Was rather ironic.. Was more or less wondering if they meant another verse.
It could apply... Just create a hit box.
To be honest, I wish they would ban accounts that sell these hacked accounts. The ability to readily sell them only encourages them as it's profitable.
Hey, so is dashing young against the rocks. And also, since we are on the topic of things biblically endorsed, run on the promise of bringing back slavery again... God totally endorsed it.
What would blow their tiny minds is knowing that you share nearly 90% of the same DNA as every living creature on the planet... Including plants.
They aren't being run by Walmart, Walmart doesn't own the buildings... If this is the case, look at abandoned Sears stores, and abandoned malls as well...
ADB can still work to some degree even if off, unless they changed that since marshmallow. The recovery is designed that if your device is unbootable, it is possible to push the repair through... Which is a common rooting method.
You know how stupid that sounds? Your lease on your home runs out, and you tell the owner that they can't rent it out to groups of people that you don't like... However Walmart could say not to use their name... Which they aren't?
Walmart isn't even the largest building in the town I work in... Although in scale, people seem to think it is... Have a warehouse nearby that is almost 4x the size of the local Walmart.
Go 'Murica! /s
I'm going to take a guess that you grew up in the 80s or early 90s... Look for Gund, looks like their style.
I'm pretty sure such a sub would be nothing but breeding grounds for trolls and bots.
You know how they say women take longer than men in the bathroom... Well, this is in case they need to change their address because it is going to take much longer.
Although it is a pretty close race to the sound of money...
My question... Along other Trump businesses, does he have any into construction that could get such a sweet no bid government contract?
Don't forget the Christians that are completely okay with this... They don't even follow what their own Bible says regarding immigrants... Basically it says immigrants should be welcomed with open arms.
If the comments Bush made back during his presidency says anything, basically calling the Constitution just a piece of paper... Yeah, our conservatives would *never* ignore parts of the Constitution they don't agree with...
But even if it is his personal high...43.2% approval is still shit. (Although those approval ratings were from before this whole "zero tolerance" bullshit surfaced... Bet it drops significantly next time the poll is taken.) Edit: What is funny... Trump's approval rating has never been above 45%... Just looked it up.
404 fuck not found
Popular game since the days of floppy disks... New game announced recently.
a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism.
Sure, however I'm sure that those backing citizens united would probably have some serious dirt on you, or back a candidate that is in their pocket.
... If this ever happens without the anesthesia, it's called Bells Palsy. (Now you know) which is caused by a severe infection of the canal which the nerve bundle comes out of the skull, which controls all muscles on one side of the face.
That's business for ya. Too bad fines couldn't be like a gut wrenching wound for businesses that they might think twice about doing it again. (Yeah, I know that fine could have bankrupted your business...I hope you don't try it again, it doubles next time.)
Waluigi would be out of character, unless the objective for him is to make Bowser miserable. Wario would be right at home trying to get more money... But Waluigi's character is hell bent on making everyone as miserable as possible. Wario is the only character that tolerates him... But I'm sure in character, Waluigi would do something to sabotage Wario from obtaining the riches.
I hear the Maru Mari is pretty hot this season!
Oh, this is just the tip of the iceberg. Remember the whole tariff war, lots of things will start to get expensive real soon. Oh and since many manufacturing businesses depend on exporting, may lose lots of business they need to stay in business, resulting in job losses, which increase the number of people unemployed, which in turn result in fewer products being bought, resulting in more layoffs, resulting in yet even fewer things being purchased, resulting in more job losses... It will be a chain reaction.
We could survive it... But it will pretty much mean the people have to take back the government and force it to be the will of the people again.
They are there to normalize the road noise not absorbed by the suspension.
TIL headphone jacks have been around since the 1700s.
Great example, Lego is expensive no matter where you go.
Greed. I mean most of them do seem to fit right into the glut of the conservatives, which seem to fit right into greed.
So was she the red horse, or the black horse?
I mean he trusts them more than any other restaurant...I mean they have a secret sauce!
True. However the system as it currently stands isn't designed for that. I know a few locally that they live on perpetual welfare... They have a child, and when the child gets old enough... They have another just so they get more money.
Probably one of those Levi's kinds that you see in gangsta movies.
Persecution they say? Try being an open atheist, both Christians and Muslims can both agree to hate these people.
Just wait, the worst is probably yet to come. We haven't even gotten to the punchline yet.
As he is a business owner I think he does know what taxes are... But doesn't understand or doesn't care in the slightest why they exist. He probably only knows "taxes bad", but if it's not directly labeled as a tax they are good.
They never were for the free market, if it suits them and benefits their donors, they would gladly turn away and fuck those that aren't donors.
Calling it now, 5 years from now phones will have a minimum of 20 cameras!
Figures. :/
No better way to hide than to masquerade as something you are on the outside against. Build the henhouse on top of the fox den.
Although it had nothing to do with sales... The company that bought them about 5 years ago didn't buy them for the company to succeed, they bought it to dump toxic debt into it. Have big company that has lots of debt, buy a smaller company that isn't necessarily doing great and just take the debt from the big company and pump it into the new company, destroy the small company with the debt, and walk away with less debt... Wash rinse repeat as many times as you need to.
This is one reason I absolutely loathe all-in-one devices. There is always going to be some issue with some part of the functionality you never use that prevents the part you do use from working as it should.
I wonder if they could just make a confusing headline to do the same job? "Immigrant transexual gay homophobe who hates cakes kills young adult" (now that I think about it, that does seem like a headline that you might read given the current state of click-bait journalism.)
I guess in that case, it's going to get a lot worse as they are actively trying to gut the entire education system... It's too expensive they say.. As they pass yet another $100 billion military spending expansion.
This **is** our government we are talking about here. Simple answer, nope no convictions, principles, or spines present.
I stopped believing that when I realized that the bar keeps getting lower and lower...I stopped being surprised long ago.
Thing is, Trump nor his administration need to know anything to make the comment... But someone who wrote it does.
Just wait until you get older, it feels like an episode of the hydraulic press channel.
Habanero sauce would fix that... Well, maybe not the diarrhea part, but it will definitely cauterize the exit.
I wouldn't necessarily call it rejoicing. Call it more of a we told you so. It felt to much of a farce from the beginning, and it was too easy to convince them to denuclearize, given their history.
Complacency
"it don't work like that!!!" -some christian.
... And I hope she outlives Pat Robertson too.
... That mode of thinking is why I believe this current generation of kids is going to suck worse than millennials. Don't do that, it is not safe. Don't do that, it will make you sick. Don't say anything, you will be punished for bullying... God, at this rate, I wonder how our grandparents survived... Hell, I wonder how I survived without all these rules they put on kids these days...
While I do agree with the statement you originally made...I do think that in general everyone has gotten way too protective, almost to the point where kids don't get a chance to learn for themselves. I also see things that probably helped us greatly in health and lots of other aspects in life being taken away because it's dangerous. (A big part of our immune system is from things we do and have done.. So playing outside and getting dirty is more likely to be a big help in forming the immune system..) I'm just saying that there is a point where parents should be more protective... But there should also be things where the parents should just let kids be kids. Scuffed knees and bruises are just as much a part of being a kid as mud pies were...
I use Facebook and Instagram... However, I'm not using them religiously, I don't need to check every hour for responses... Hell, most of the time I don't give a shit when something is posted. (Read: the last time I logged into Facebook, I had somewhere near 1,000 unread posts.) Instagram I tend to browse more frequently, mostly follow people with similar interests so I get lots of interesting photos to look at when I'm bored. I upload images (although I never include any pics of people, only objects.... And I don't give a shit if you follow me or favorite the images... I'm doing it for fun, not social acceptance.) Neither Facebook or Instagram has any photos of me that I've uploaded... And I like to keep it that way.
However it is illegal to use the pardoning power as a "you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours"
It's kind of like the video game gray market... Lots of shady people sell counterfeit games for older systems as if they were legitimate.... If you are unaware it is 100% a scam, but if you know what you are looking at and still buy it anyways, I'd say it's just gray market, if you're happy with it fully knowing you got a counterfeit, is it really a scam?
Professionalism is not profitable.... They give just enough professionalism to give the illusion that it exists, but when shit hits the fan, it is shown how little they actually care. This applies to almost every industry... Not just airlines.
Bots only look for keywords... If there is a match, the bot proceeds to think it has found a location to fill with it's drivel and hatred.
And if you really think about it... That is what those in charge want. It really creates an environment where truth can be hidden right in plain sight, but people care more about the fluff that really doesn't matter in the whole scheme of things.
And... What would your argument have been if it was ignored and the guy really did end up murdering the professor? Oh that's right, the police aren't doing their job when there was evidence that he was planning it all along....
Although really, they should make those leaving power powerless during the transition, and only allow any kind of decision-making during critical events after the election. (Of course this would be inviting treasonous acts just so they retain their power during this transition...)
I don't consider the oil or coal industries to be underdeveloped....
.. In their eyes, the only votes that count are Republicans... Everyone else is just getting in their way.
It's a European cell phone provider.
I guess Reddit does have the microtransactions thing down with Reddit gold. (And whatever these Reddit coins things are...)
Who needs legitimacy when you hold all the cards of power? We let them take their inch, so now they are going to walk all over everyone..
Problem is for these guys, a "liberal agenda" is anything they don't like.. Anything.
Well, either that or in prison...
I'm okay with spending... But I think that the public should have say in what the tax money is spent on, and the state/federal should be forced to account for every dollar spent in a publicly available itemized list. Bet spending would dramatically drop. I mean I do understand secrets and such... Maybe show that stuff as just an allowance type, but the public should be able to vote if they think that it's too much.... Make them prove the benefit of spending this much on unknown things.
Connections... It's not about what you know, it's about *who* you know.
They are ran by the US Marines, should be good.
As someone who checks ID regularly, I would have rejected it instantly... Skin color does not match the hand in the photo... Not the same person.
Apparently with the down votes, people think it's racist or some other bullshit... But it's little details like that that pop right out when checking IDs. I mean you really can't spend 5 minutes on a transaction looking for inconsistencies, so you start with the obvious first. I'd suspect the individual in question found or stole the ID, and is trying to pass themselves off to get the victim's sympathy or trust because they are military.
Investigations of this scope don't unfold overnight. It's kind of like dominoes, you start on one end and have to work your way to the other as parts fall.. when you started seeing indictments you know they were bound to find something through the chain... Once the last domino falls, the investigation will be over.
Naw, they'd probably turn into welfare queens.
Although having said this... With all the data breaches we've had in the last couple years... It's exponentially harder to compromise a physical copy of records than it is to compromise an entire digital database. They really should make the laws harsher for the companies that hold the data, hold CEOs and network security personally responsible for any breach.. yeah they could go after the hackers, but ultimately if the company wasn't so cheap as to hire the bare minimum for security, or the company fails to implement security when they become aware of flaws...
I want one! Doesn't seem to appear on his Etsy page though.
Aww... If it is NSA proof, good on them. More companies should NSA proof their devices and stop being complicit and buddy buddy with governments. Nope, nothing to hide... But I also don't believe in "good guy only" backdoors...I see any backdoor as an exploit for anyone to take advantage of.
Yes, I'm blaming the company. If they are warned about exploits in their software and fail to secure these exploits.. They are 100% at fault. Cost should not be a factor for security, if it costs more than they are willing to spend to fix... The penalty for failing to fix it should be far greater than the savings of not fixing it.
... Stupidity in a single sentence. Yes, those can help prevent HIV, but there are other ways people have contracted HIV, which doesn't involve sex or drugs. Prevention is a good start, but a true cure it is not.
Come on, everyone knows he's a black democrat... At least that is the crime republicans would have you believe. /s
He can always get a public defender... However he might be better off defending himself... Usually the PD tried to go the easiest route, which is never good for the accused as it involves taking a plea for lesser punishment.
Honestly, do you see that happening? (Especially with his current track record)
I find it kinda odd that 3 random dudes show up out of nowhere bearing gifts...
I'm sure it has to do with broken promises and a nice under the table payout. I promise not to suck everyone's blood, and here's a couple hundred thousand for your campaign.
Fair enough... Although if they want to block offensive content, who is going to be in charge of determining what is considered as offensive content? What exactly is he demanding be done? Censorship?
That is precisely why they are attacking the courts now... The courts pretty much decide the law and interpret the rules...
Look up doll sound box, they can be found on places like eBay and Amazon under dolls and doll making.
If I'm not mistaken "Tu Roh"
... Don't hold your breath on that one though.
... At least until you realize that majority aren't hopping a wall, lots of them come in through completely legal ways. Once they get through a border crossing "I'm going shopping for the day", what's stopping them from staying longer? Yeah, you might have some trying to get through unguarded areas... You also have to realize that there is also great areas that no wall will exist as they could just come by boat. Basically put, a wall isn't going to do jack shit if they are determined.
Unfortunately the boomers tell us that we have to have a career like they did to be successful like they were...
It's not the after he's sentenced that I'm worried about... It's going to be the lead up to the case that I think we're going to see some really fucked up things as he tries to defer time and attention away from himself... Until he is actually removed from office, he still has all the functioning powers of the president... In order to do anything, may need to take out Donald and Pence (if he's on the radar) first so that they don't automatically hand out pardons. I'm also betting that his brain dead followers are going to commit domestic terrorism because it's just something I do see the vile group doing to defend their king....
It's a war I can totally stand behind.
What would be funny? If he was investigated in 2 separate crimes that denial of one would mean he's guilty of the other, and vice versa.
But that means he'd actually have to admit guilt... Something I don't think Trump is capable of.
Instagram is owned by Facebook as well.
As Trump idolizes dictatorship governments I bet he wishes it was illegal though... Projection at its finest.
Didn't have to read the article, I've read quite a few articles and some of his tweets, basically he envies leaders like Putin and Kim Jung Un because people don't say nasty things about them, and they get really cool military parades... He's fantasizing that it is illegal to make fun of a sitting political figure, which it is not.
And yet most games back then used this to their advantage.
You don't get a surplus by giving things away for free....
It kind of does adapt to the newer technologies just the same. I mean a computer is a personal belonging, which includes the data held within.
That's how it works. Banks don't deal in money, at least not in that sense... They deal in crushed souls to be profitable. You are only given the illusion that it is tangeable goods by the temporary happiness and hope that it provides.
Nope, you can thank Ajit Pai for this.
It won't. They have very shitty memories, they will think it is completely awesome... When the 2020 elections boot the conservatives out, the recession will be just starting... The democrats will get all the blame.... Mark my words.
I think that was part of the DMCA, so that the ISPs weren't held liable for your downloading pirated software... Slightly different than "buy this antivirus software because we think you'll like it" (yeah we blocked your internet to show you this ad)
Actually, I find the real funny stuff here is usually in the comments and rarely in the original content.
If you have paid attention to the major donors to keep weed illegal, you would notice heavy influence from Anheuser Busch... Tobacco industry doesn't seem as scared, actually they are investing in the states that have made it legal... Because they see their products dying slowly.
Yeah, and magically we share a huge chunk the same DNA with every living creature on the planet... So obviously little change here or there wouldn't make a bit of difference... Nope, not one bit.
Nobody says there has to be a designer. Little changes across a period of time will do the "designing" if a little change is not beneficial or problematic it dies out. If the change is successful, it lives on to reproduce. Over a course of time another branch is created, this isn't an instantaneous process, but one that takes centuries on the most basic level, and millennia for larger changes.
Nope, not if you cherry pick out the parts you like and throw out the rest.... Like most Christians do.
So, really... If they are catching 50k per month and we are still having an issue with illegal immigration... Maybe there's something we should do that might be more cost effective? Maybe look at the reason they are coming here in the first place and disincentivize by taking it away... Fine the shit out of businesses and individuals that hire them... If they can't prove they are either citizens, or legally entitled to work make the fines crippling in a scale based on the company or individual's yearly income... Take away why they come, and they won't come. And I know what you are going to say... But the economy would fail because we depend on the illegal immigrants in certain industries.... Yeah, then you really don't want a solution to the illegal immigration, as that goes completely against the entire idea of building the wall as well... Keep them out? How about making it so they don't want to come in the first place, lot cheaper solution.
I think it has something to do with how Facebook handles user data. Which is fine.... But I don't think people really grasp the concept of what user data really is... Just remember, if it's a free service, **YOU** Are the product they are selling. Facebook is no different than Google, Yahoo, or any other platform out there. You use their service, they gather information and sell it to advertisers, this is how they make their money. If a company is worth billions and they don't sell tangeable goods but they have lots of services that are free to use that you coincidentally tell the service your entire life....
About that... As long as Trump does things that benefit the corporate overlords, all is good. The second Trump fucks over the extremely wealthy class, Trump will be knocked back into place like the good lapdog he is.
They probably better get the wheels turning a little faster or we are going to be parked on cinder blocks before we know it....
Shameless? Some of them feel entitled, which goes way beyond shameless. If a business is doing well, they should have the right to take whatever they want because the business is rich and they are poor in their minds.
I can't exactly say that math was their strong suit..
Trump fired them all, and hired loyal people... The best people in his eyes.
I drive a 3500 truck, while nowhere near the size of a tractor trailer, you wouldn't believe how many small cars pull this shit. Enough that it became worth while to get a dash cam...
Well he said the country should be ran like a business...I guess he meant one of his businesses. Bankrupt.
Aww, maybe all Krampus wanted was someone to love him. Looks so happy in the photo.
I'm sorry sir, this coupon expired 3 years ago, I can't accept it. "I demand to speak with your manager!" ... And yes, I've had to deal with this before... And what is stupid, the customer gets aggressive and the manager rewards them by accepting it, only reinforcing this behavior.
Across the entire southern border? That's probably all that 1 billion would get anyways... Just saying.
Don't worry, I'm sure they are on it, after they pay for all those cars from Volvo in the 70s that they ordered. (Last I heard, not a single penny has been payed.)
I do look at Dollar stores for things to give... However it isn't because they are only $1, sometimes they do have things that are unique that nobody else has in their books section. (Closeouts type things). But yeah, other than the occasional oddity, the rest is usually a fuck you...
They sure are going to be pissed when the aliens finally do show up and say that the star was already named by their ancestors.
To the cologne or the gum?
When services you use are free, **YOU** are the product they are selling... How hard is that to understand for people?
They got paid to do the research.... That should be incentive enough. Oh wait, they want you to keep paying indefinitely? I mean if you buy a brand new car, I mean other than normal upkeep and operational costs, you think Ford should be allowed to charge you a monthly fee on using their vehicle so they can keep researching for future models?
We already know that the petroleum industry is wrong on many counts... So why should we take their word for anything?
Maybe be attractive?
You know how quickly we'd adapt if petroleum ceased to be readily available? If we don't talk about this ahead of time, we'll eventually find out.
Of love to see a dead man trigger if you recognize a scam of this nature... Maybe give them a code that is bogus but is known by the service as an attempted hack... Let them have access to a bogus account that looks real but it's nothing but a tracer that won't let them into the real account, and tries to figure out who the scammer is covertly.
Ah, but that is the difference between science and magic... Science might use technology to do something, whereas the mall Santa is just invisible strings to give the illusion.... What does religion have?
Actually didn't the Republicans propose completely eliminating the minimum wage back about 10 years ago? You know, let the free market work or some bullshit like that.
Probably they too see it as a waste.
A certain individual #1 could have ended it... Instead of cranking out up to an 11.
The ones I wish they would ban is those stupid video billboards. Those are pure and simple a distraction when driving.
There was... However all of the US centric parts were wiped from it when we left.
You have to realize that many of these scammers don't feel shame for doing this. Some have even claimed that this was their right, as you make more money than they do.
In the event of a government shut down, disable his television and internet... See how quickly things get solved.
If your first century solution has a first century response... Then it probably isn't going to succeed at doing it's job in the 21st century.
Working retail, when operating a register I always count the change then before handing to the customer close the register. If there's a mistake I made, I require authorization to open the drawer again, I have time to figure out what mistake was made and correct it in my head prior to the drawer being opened. I also always announce what money was received, sort it in the order it will be placed in the till, more as a mental note if someone says "I handed you a $50" I generally can call the bluff.
Hoarding. If you are poor, they just call it hoarding. If you are wealthy, you are eccentric.
... Maybe as an effort to protect the environment we should be looking into the reasons we need so many resources in the first place... Say deal with overpopulation as a symptom. Don't have to do anything "evil", just reduce the number of births globally to a sustainable level. If you think it's bad with 7.8 billion people on the planet, just wait until we hit 10 billion, which at the rate we're going will be within my lifetime.
Says the person that probably majority of the products they own were made by commies.... Just saying... If you want to do something about it, I'd suggest creating a grassroots to buy local instead of complaining... Because purchases are only empowering them.
I'm pretty sure these videos will have a much deeper impact primarily because it could be the person saying something on "live" TV... Usually they fuck with things by editing and cutting speeches and events, it becomes entirely more believable if you have unedited footage that looks real... Lot harder to convince people that they had never said something that they indeed said?
Problem is, people don't think like that. You see it, it is real as far as you're concerned. It's harder to convince people something they seen is really fake. I mean look at the whole Photoshop doctored photos, video will be much more difficult to convince someone it was just a Hollywood project.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
If you have $1 billion dollars in the bank, and do not generate any income....you could pay nothing in income taxes as well. Just saying, it's easy to get the poor riled up over bullshit because of wording. Legitimately it is entirely possible to pay no income tax, and be wealthy at the same time.
Considering there are many free programs for people out there, this sounds like it's a predatory program feeding on the gullible and desperate.
True, however in my experience, a purchase of $100 means it is far less likely that they are stealing. I'd be much more suspicious of the individual that spends over an hour in a store and purchases something for $1 or less. (Hey, we all have days where we just browse to pass time, and just want to be on our merry way.) I'd say body language is usually the biggest tip something is awry.
By "again" the fines should double, if the first time wasn't enough for them to stop, they should continue to double fines until they finally get the point, or bankrupt.
I feel the help they get should not be letting them run rampant. Rather, they should be housed properly, and to pay for it, they should have to do little odd jobs to pay for the aid. I'm not advocating for just running them off, but give them a chance to succeed. Although one thing I think should absolutely be banned is panhandling, make it illegal to ask for handouts (harass), and to a lesser degree caving in and giving to these people. (No good deed goes unpunished.. As this act only encourages them more as some of these vagrants can make upwards of $300/hr in key locations.)
Check out Keebler, twice as many cookies, half the price, just as good. Other than the Thin Mint version, and the shortbread they look identical as well...
That's not what it says in the New American Version (NAV) /s
So what? Not giving them free money is also seen by them as taking money out of the pockets of the rich.
How would you act upon theft, if you can't identify anything is wrong? Wouldn't you have to suspect something is wrong first in order to act upon it?
What's funny, I've installed apps on my device that are very much work related....I can do price checks in store, validation of questionable coupons... Ect, things that might take a front end manager minutes to do, that I can do without calling them and often taking less than 30 seconds. Been told by a manager that I need to put the phone away and work....lol...I was. (Actually I did put the phone away, then promptly asked the very same manager to do the price check that I had just done...)
...I think it would be weird if they commercialized Pride the same way...
By magical, you mean things of value just randomly disappear?
Uh.. This is religion we are talking about here. When reality is dictated by fairy tales, they can get pretty dense.
There was a tax cut for the average American. It really wasn't that great, ranging from maybe an additional cup of coffee per week to a couple thousand a year.... However there is a sunset for the average American, whereas the wealthy cuts are permanent.
Thing is, if you are a multi-billion dollar corporation, do you donate out of the kindness of your cold black heart, or do you consider the million dollar donation to be more of an investment. (Scratch my back, and I'll scratch yours.)
Okay, say that we are... How can you be sure that your idea of what you think it should be, matches what others may believe? (And cause wars on such assumptions) If you can't come up with solid evidence for such a probability, might as well not assume you are right either.
To be honest, I wouldn't doubt that... But I'd like proof either way before trying to convince people of that.
We can keep adding jobs... Majority of these added jobs are minimum wage jobs... Which I love when assholes toot their horns about all this job creation... And in the same breath tell these people to get "real" jobs.
Actually, the opposite. All of that dashing young against the rocks, and splitting the mother open... Don't forget the foul medicine that effectively aborts if the woman "cheated"....I find the Bible actually endorses abortion.
After having a hit and run in the past... If at least get the license plate and description of the vehicle prior to moving. If they decide to run instead of hanging around... It will be much worse for them.
I see a lot of 2x4 plates when zoomed in, this probably stands around 3 feet tall.
Who do you think needs government assistance? You can't fucking live on minimum wage in any city across the US.
Yeah, worked retail. Have told people that they can't sit on things that aren't designed to be sat on.... Usually I get a snarky response like "well you should put more chairs around so we have some place to sit." As if it's my problem that they have to sit down everywhere. I'd love to tell them that I don't have that problem when shopping, neither do most people. And if we did put chairs every 10 feet for them, we'd have to be called Chair-Mart (or Lay-Z-Boy), since there wouldn't be enough room for other merchandise.
Probably should upgrade the light from a 4W though...
I hope the poor bears ran away.
Seriously, if they just gave it the same treatment IV got for the DS, I'd be happy with it. The 2D remakes they've done for phones(and ultimately ported to Steam) really looked sloppy and inconsistent. Sure, might have had the story script line for line, but it really felt lazy and rushed...I don't know, in my opinion would have just looked better officially emulated using the original content.
Probably length of time...
How about better yet, when you put your hand on a hot stove, learn that you will get burned... With the way pre-ordering has gone the last couple years, you know most of the time you **will** get burned in some way or another. I've also seen Early Access games of higher quality and better playability than many AAA studios 1.0 releases for what it's worth...
Would it refer to how I got it, or the meaning I much later (20 some odd years) found the name to be? (I would be a god, or a messenger of god.... Otherwise, just an old D&amp;D character name without punctuation as most usernames can't include special characters on many sites.) I'll take either.... With high preference to the D&amp;D character thank you.
They say that as if change is a bad thing... Funny, but I think they don't realize how much they have changed it if it requires to be interpreted a particular way to be the "correct" interpretation.
You can access your wishlist from your profile, scroll down past the recent games, the link appears in smaller text.
To be fair, the game was never officially translated for the console. Yes, it eventually got an official translation, but that wouldn't be for the Turbo Grafx system. But... Having said this, the game is entirely playable even if you don't understand Japanese... So why not include it anyways?
If they are including other CD titles, I'm hoping for Shapeshifter.... Mediocre platform game, epic soundtrack.
I don't even think in a trillion years science would know everything. It will know a lot more than it does today as long as there is no reset to the Stone age, but I'm sure there will still be answers that science still hasn't discovered.
I've been using iOS since 10... It's been available through 3rd party keyboards since then... Not new.
Had the swipe keyboard since iOS 10... Gboard works well enough... However Google's voice keyboard sucks on iOS for some reason? It's like autocorrect from hell.
I look at it this way, so what if we are a simulation, we'd never know for sure... So might as well live on. Besides if enough people stopped everything because they felt it was a simulation, don't you think they'd pull the plug once it got useless... So hey, make it interesting for them.
From some of the other comments here from those who live close.... The city appears to be apocalypse incarnate after the mills closed.
I don't really see the companies going backwards... Hardware (computers, vehicles, ect) is starting to get to the point you don't own anything, you just have digital rights to use it that can be terminated. Why own CDs when you can stream music? I mean it's convenient until you realize you don't own anything and are tied down to a monthly charge. Your cell phones, computers, and even vehicles have clauses that you do not own the software that runs the hardware... If terminated, you effectively have a heavy brick. (Yes, modern cars have remote disabling at the module level, and are also equipped with a stripped down cell phone and GPS, even if you don't have the feature.) It's all about convenience people say... Companies are happy to oblige, but at the loss of actually owning anything.
I looked how they handled warships in boom beach, the tie breaker took percentage and time into consideration... If you can 100% your opponent in the first minute, it should weigh heavier than the 100% that took 3 minutes... Becomes a race to 100% first, not just a tie.
I think that only applies to tanks though...
Does this luck thing apply also to scotch bloom?
True..
I have a feeling it is in the boot sequence/ pre-boot, at least for Android. Which might be why I'm hearing that ADB well be eliminated in Q? What I think would really help the mobile community the most at the moment would be another GeoHot for all platforms. While he gave the community jailbreaks, he exposed many exploits that had to be patched... Need someone to basically expose the exploits that these companies are using to the public so they are forced to be patched out quickly.
If you haven't noticed, after 9/11... They don't give a shit about the Constitution. And most of the idiots think this is going to protect them from some made up bogeyman. (Who is it today? Drugs? Terrorists? Hackers? Weirdos?)
With the technology improvements... We will also get very good about eliminating those jobs as well. So far, the only jobs that don't seem likely to be eliminated at least for a while will be creative jobs... Those usually don't pay very well though.
...I mean if the conditions are right for it to reproduce more rapidly, wouldn't these chances also rise as more of them are around?
Actually, it is possible to brick vehicles, has been since at least 2000... Some vehicles such as Jaguar and BMW key the computers to the body, so you can't go to a junk yard and just replace the faulty (disabled) computer... That happens to also run the engine. It's relatively recent that the radio has become an essential module, which is why you don't see that great of a selection of 3rd party radios for modern vehicles.
Wouldn't necessarily call it a PC, but there have been fully working mechanical computers made with Lego.
How else are you supposed to make change?
Used to work at a grocery store, try finding ice cream intentionally hidden behind cereal. Yeah, pull out 2-3 boxes of cereal, place ice cream, neatly put back cereal as if nothing happened.... That is trashy.
Ever hear of slapstick humor?
It increases the percentage of seasonal items by 3%.
Emmet from Lego Movie? Only way I can think he'd try to kill me is just being on the floor when I'm barefoot....
Paint dicks around them, arms to work in some places.
So... Writing bad checks knowing that the money really won't be there for a week? That is technically illegal, even if you know how and are gaming the system.
Wouldn't change if they went to instant clearing. So you don't know your check was stolen for over a month.. leaves a lot of time to pass making it more difficult to determine where the occurrence was....
So you are basically saying people would be angry because the system allows them to write bad checks, even if the intention is that money will be in there in a week.... Writing a check that would bounce if taken directly to the bank it's drawn on is a crime. People are betting that your bank isn't the same bank as they use.
If god truly knew everything, he wouldn't let me cause so much suffering with "The Song That Never Ends" in honor of Shari Lewis.
Isn't 32-bit emulation easier to perform on 64-bit platforms? I always thought that most of the time there was some layer of compatibility in the architecture, even if 32-bit isn't natively supported. I mean it might involve bumping a few registers, or changing a few things to add compatibility... But most of the functions should have a 64-bit equivalent.
The biggest flaw with this, you get a room full of people praying for the exact same advice, everyone will get different answers... Almost as if the "voice of god" was their own inner voice telling them what they want to hear...
Might think twice the next year...
If they don't pay, conversation ends right there. It's not illegal to tell the person to fuck off as you close the door. No judge needed.
When you have a monopoly on the product that colleges require you to use... Yeah, no incentive to lower prices. If say colleges allowed you to have the superior Casio models, or any other graphing calculator, Texas Instruments would have to make their product more competitively priced.
That could also be pointed out just the same.
You can blame the salespeople for that sometimes...
I've accepted it... Hell I stopped saying that they can't get any stupider... Because they **always** prove me wrong.
I'm sure you heard that "rain" sprang up from the ground before the flood as well? I mean the way I was taught in bible school, before the food, nobody experienced rain coming from the sky, which is why they laughed at Noah....
Fan doesn't look impressed... :|
Depends... Maybe the parents are just as shitty?
Well, let's put it this way... Which would be more effective punishing the banks for making risky decisions, or punishing the people who may have been caught in the middle of the banks risky decisions. (Not all debt is irresponsible.) The bank should not be bailed out if they are the cause of their own collapse, the people who are caught in the middle of it should not suffer because of irresponsible banks.
Yes... And if they are paying back their debt, but if the bank fucks up... The bank gambled willingly. The bank should not be rewarded for it's bad decisions either. You remember our little bank issue in 2008? We rewarded our banks for their gambling with your money. Which in the process caused many defaults and a crashed economy in the process. Would have made more sense to send those at fault to prison, and ball out the individuals that were caught in the middle...
And banks that willingly do risky things should be allowed to fail if they totally fuck up. Destroys the economy in the process? Sure? I'd rather the government bail out individuals that are caught in the middle rather than rewarding risky behavior.
No, Zootopia was Disney Animation Studios. Moana was a great movie, I'd love to see more from that mythos, of course done in a child friendly manner...
... Last thing you need out in space is for some small object to hit anything important that is exposed.... So yeah, I'd say smooth and sleek would probably be more functional, and safe.
It was in shambles as soon as 160gb became available in a package smaller than a brain... Which wasn't long after the movie was released.
Time to whip out SPORE again!
That could work... But having dealt with banks they will likely reject your friend buying $1,000 worth of quarters without advance notification, even if they are in stock. Another common issue, which I deal with at my job, friends and family have to be served by someone else... Which could lead to a take what you get attitude. These are usually precautions businesses and financial institutions do to prevent fraud... It's not directly aimed to be aggressive toward collectors... But if you think about ways that this method could be used... You'll understand why they exist.
Because they really are atheists. The problem is the law protects religion, but many judges don't acknowledge the lack of religion. So basically using a religion to fight religion in courts is how you get the courts to take you seriously. Sure the whole Pastafarian thing was cute, nobody really took it seriously.
... Compared to their imaginary torture for eternity, they would much rather lose dignity than be tortured. Hell has to be created or they can't keep control of the flock... So they make this hell to be worse than the reward.
Just wait until robots are capable of designing and building new robots without any human interaction... We are nowhere close to this happening, but if you can imagine it, someone probably already has..
Pretty sure the wand is upside down.... But I think you should post this on Facebook, Instagram (with appropriate Disney tags... ). See how quickly a recall can be made.. I bet a day or two, complete with a dmca takedown notice, and as a bonus maybe a strongly worded letter from a lawyer.
I know most of the alcohol laws regarding underage usage is targeted at retailers and those that give it to the underage individual. Why not have mandatory community service (like they do for other misdemeanors) for underage persons caught using?
Cat isn't broken, cat just runs on quantum theory, it thinks the wall is the floor, it is... Who is going to question quantum mechanics. -Schrödinger's cat
It's a duck!
If you work retail, kids are the bane of your existence. Sure they can be the most fun customers at checkout.. but the front usually doesn't see the wake of destruction the children have done in the toy isles. And the worst are the parents that just tell their children to go play while they do shopping. (You see this very frequently at second hand shops.)
Cool as it may be, agreed with the other posters, doesn't have anything to do with Lego.
I mean look at how many of them have direct ties to businesses and industries that way is very profitable for....
Trump with sanctions is much like that episode of Oprah and the car... Sanction for you! Sanction for you! Sanction for you!
Root, delete.
... Although historically, you realize that in the war of 1812, the Canadians set fire to the White House. (Which wasn't White back then.)
They do... And cases like this are for precident, so that the government can go back and say it was done in this case, so you now have to do it for every case going forward.
Counting errors, "lost mail".... Hell we really don't ever get to know who voted for who... For all you know you could be the only one who voted for blue.... The other voters they voted for blue also think they were the only one to vote blue.... They need to have accountability, and impartial tallying of the votes, with a way to go back and verify integrity.
Why would they need to ask people anything these days? I mean I applied to legitimate jobs such as UPS and FedEx about 3 years ago, their application process took you to a 3rd party application form (much like Indeed.) Needless to say, I didn't get the jobs, did have interviews and a tour of the facilities. However for almost a year after applying I kept getting scammy job offers from all over, that included my resume and even called me by name, asking to verify details, and that I've been selected for a job that pays extremely high, for very little work. (Big tip off something wasn't right.) Honestly, the next time I have to go job hunting, I'm making little changes to my resume and tracking who it gets sent to....I will be complaining bitterly if I get any scam offers from their partners.
When your comment gets more upvotes than the post itself.
Scam other people, and probably throw in a fake check or two.... Oops they sent too much, just cash it and send the remaining back to us on some untraceable method.
They are those things you are supposed to hang yourself with, right?
... And you thought the vet would be expensive.
He was hoping for successful gaslighting and rallying his troops, he's sorry he got called out on his bullshit... He told us how he feels, and no, he's not sorry about that.
Isn't that a crime? I mean extortion of elected officials?
And people wonder why I don't trust any IoT device, sure it might be cool or convenient, but all it takes is one action to render the entire device a brick as most are locked into the service and can't operate if the service is discontinued. (Hell some of them have ended service on 1.0 to encourage the users to purchase the 2.0 hardware.)
Basically from what I can tell... Uhaul has an app that employees must install and use for work related purposes. Said app requires the employee to take pictures of the driver's license of individuals that rent a vehicle. In this process it stores the photo on the employees phone. His question is it legal?
False advertising. Nothing is that strong.
Personally, I think the US should follow what other countries have done and completely ban all TV drug ads. No, you don't need to ask your doctor about anything drug related, if s/he thought you needed it, they would have prescribed it.
It should also be classified as a hate group with some of the things they have protested in the past.
I'm actually working on such a mechanic at the moment. I'm going to have a guild that the players will be members of. I'm going to track their combats with certain creatures, and give them between a +1-+5 depending on how effectively they can take down certain monsters. I'll be doing this kind of as if the guild membership is its own character with stats I'm tracking, leveling up types of monsters they hunt. (Say they hunt wolves, they will have better attacks against that kind of creatures, such as dogs and pack hunters.) I'm also creating a rule that they don't necessarily have to kill the monster, relocation, convincing it to leave, etc... Give RP options.
I swear, all taxpayer funded things like this should come with strings attached, invoices, and tracking of all spending should be mandatory, and if it is found that any money was misappropriated, it must be returned with interest.
So much... And yet they still don't have clean water. I don't see how they spent too much on the water issue, then moved on to giving money to private investment companies?
.... Duke Nukem Forever
I guess it will help the children grow big and, well big, that's all I have sir.
People wanted to believe. Trump being a narcissist loves positive feedback, so when he said something that the people wanted to hear, he went with it, laid it on heavy, just for the sweet positive feedback loop... How people still believe it is the real question.
Or a Star Trek phaser for eliminating Klingons.
Doing stuff like this, I'd say put watermarks over the drawing in such a way that they can't be removed. After the payment has been received send the version without watermarks.
I think a TL;DR in their minds would be "What if I'm wrong, there is a heaven and hell, but what if I'm not doing this right, am I worthy?" (I mean the religions themselves say that they aren't worthy of anything.)
Gawd, every time some technological change occurs you hear these Mark of the Beast conspiracies...I wonder if they can remember back to the time credit cards were introduced (yup, that was a sign), now look at them. I remember hearing it when the chips were implemented in the cards in the US. (Nevermind that we were about 15 years late to the game.)
Dragonlance novels prior to 5th Age.
Although to be fair, first you have to determine what the company determines as "legacy". For some, it would be reasonable to consider 4-5 years as legacy, for others it could be as soon as 6 months, or whenever they release a new product. The real kicker is when they stop providing updates, AND they effectively turn the hardware into an expensive brick if it requires to call home to function.
Which might work okay for the first week or so, until some hacking group finds the exploit and it then becomes a security nightmare...
The Xbox app on Windows has account management and chat functions, that is it. No games.
Under a republican who doesn't give a shit? Nope.
I've got my emperor as nothing but a puppet for a much more sinister entity. It doesn't matter what race the emperor is, because once revealed the entity will definitely be the much more powerful BBEG. (Planned story arc lv19)
My emperor has a few generals which the party will be dispatching at lower levels. Each general is directly tied to a character's backstory, destroyed a town, gladitorium, Commander that destroyed an entire nation...
Just wait until we get to experience them. /s
Kind of funny that they think the TC-70 is nothing but a personal device... The look of shock when you show them that you don't see ________ on their transaction, but it's in their bag already, let's help you fix this. (Zebra TC-70 is probably the most widely used portable terminal in retail, for those not in the know.)
Think back to say the 1400s, when explorers would travel to new continents... Sicknesses that the explorers were immune to, were often lethal to the inhabitants of the new continent... Now, because travel is commonplace, the immunities are more spread out.
Natsume, usually means very expensive in collector language.
I pull this crap on co-workers all the time.
Sounds like a bad DM. One big no-no is railroading, this is railroading on steroids.
Clean contacts. Other option could be rom rot.
Rubbing alcohol and a q-tip.
Going through the mess to delete these.
Please insert cartridge 2 and press any key to continue...
What did people expect to happen? I think this would be the outcome if any country quarantined an entire heavily populated city.
I think that should be a thing, show before and after (but before final cleanup) of any and all political rallies. Give them a chance to clean up, but once all workers and attendees leave, fair game.
Holy crap! That is amazing detail.
... Yeah, give it to them, with some strings attached, with specific goals they must adhere to or they have to repay it. Don't just give it to them like they did in the 90s... Because they will do the absolute least they can get away with and pocket the rest. And since it will be paid for using public funds, the network can't be 100% owned by the providers, rules should be made to allow competition on the networks built using these funds.
Actually, they do. If they have a personal limit, which is if I recall the equivalent of less than a single carton of cigarettes....300lbs would definitely exceed this. Businesses that grow have very strict requirements for transportation and security. Carrying this much would probably require at least one of the 3 licenses that Washington requires, accompanied by the required security measures. (Plastic vacuum sealed baggies are not considered as security.)
Yeah, you remember 2nd edition where the equivalent attacks you lost levels? (Including abilities and anything associated with leveling up) The rules for necrotic damage were the replacement for that system. Instead of losing levels, you lose maximum hit points that can't be healed normality. It is like any other damage, except it takes longer to heal, or requires more powerful magic to heal. Cure light wounds will only heal to your maximum HP, thus would not heal you back to your original HP, only to the new reduced Maximum HP.
It really says something when even Fox news has something bad to say about a conservative....
GOP loves dictators, GOP is not Republicans, they just go by that association because there are a few ideologies that align, which led to an easy take over of the party. Second thing, you have party over Constitution... It doesn't matter what they disagree with, they will follow their leader to the bitter end. Which is likely why the real Republicans will follow the dictator regardless of their own personal stance.
Oh no, they are the problem. However, I'm saying that they've been infiltrated by another group that is more hell bent on destroying the country... Which as I also said, they have a lot of things that are common, which made it easy to infiltrate. Both parties have their issues, but I think the Republicans in general have a couple very destructive groups among their ranks calling themselves Republicans.
Yes and no. They aren't the same though. You can also have a republican that isn't GOP. They may have started as a nickname, but the GOP has become more like the "Republicans" you have now, and you can also have Republicans that are closer to what they were in the 60s that do not associate with the GOP.
And it's not black and white either, there are different degrees to which they can fall within the spectrum. You can have Republicans that are nothing like this current batch of trash, that are more reasonable, and are respectable... Then you can have this extreme far right trash that deserves absolutely no respect. You can have, although rare, Liberal Republicans as well. While in name we have 2 parties, we probably have closer to hundreds of permutations of these shades of grey that define these parties. And we just happen to vote for the shit ones because they are really good at manipulating emotions.
I would have said fiscal responsibility....I mean you can't increase spending, and reduce taxes.. And still can yourselves responsible.
Probably because the squirrels keep winning, and to rub it in they bury their nuts.
It really says something when Trump's biggest supporters are starting to disagree with his actions...
Probably knows his clients best... Probably the first thing that comes up when they search.
With as many women that complain about that, why isn't there some kind of fashion movement to give women bigger pockets in their clothes?
True, although I hate to say it, but for some of them that do complain.. What figure, the bulk a pocket creates should be the least of their concern.
Okay, let's imagine that cops of color (take your pick, there are a few variants) felt threatened any time they pulled over or arrested some unarmed white dude, and every couple months you hear of one of these cops just killing the white citizen sometimes for just being at the wrong place at the wrong time, and being the scary white person, to the point where it makes news so frequently... TL;DR Yeah, they want these senseless killings to end.
They all do, yes... However we need little reminders for those in society that don't think so.
Believe it or not, those are very important in keeping your immune system healthy.
How could they be so evil and cruel? You said it before, money. That is their job. And often the ones scamming you aren't even the recipients of the money, they are paid pennies on the dollar so their bosses can make more money. Honestly, since there is really nothing law enforcement can do, the only way to really change things, is to do a global effort in stopping it.. Which will never happen.
Actually majority of the Wii U fail was mostly in part because of their marketing. At the time of it's release people were getting tired of all the Wii accessories, and the Wii U advertising made it look like just another accessory rather than a completely new console. It lost horribly at the beginning when it matters most for a consoles success. Yeah, Nintendo dances to its own drum, chances are they wouldn't have listened anyways.
I wonder if more people started recording Police interactions would help to fix the issue of Police brutality? Once they realize that there are repercussions for their actions, maybe they can get back to doing their real job, protecting the citizens. I suggest a couple laws or at least rules that might help... Make it so states encourage recording Police officers from a safe distance as to not interfere with their job..second, if caught on film doing illegal activities, render the Union unable to protect the officer caught red handed.. And third, if an officer is charged, the penalty should be double what a normal citizen would get, primarily for breaking public trust. I'm sure context of videos would have to be taken into consideration, so officers must have body cams on at all times, vehicle cams must be running at all times, in order to correlate context of the bystander video. All investigations should be external and fair, so there is no conflict of interest.
Don't worry, it would have just bounced off the trampoline.
EPA under Trump should be renamed to CPA (corporate protection agency)
As if that worked, look at the current administration. I'm thinking have at the state level, publicly announcing that it is 100% legal and encouraged to record public servants doing their job in public places as long as you are not interfering with their jobs, say give a certain distance that you must be away, and those filming must not interact to get attention. (Interfering by distraction.) I can give one example as I was there when it happened, friend was filming a police stop that occurred in his front yard (DUI pulled over), he was currently on the second floor of his house during the arrest, filming the police doing their job. There were 2 police officers dealing with the stop, one of them looked up at the house and noticed my friend recording.... One of the officers broke from the arrest to knock on the door of the house, only to tell my friend that (on his own property) he can't legally record the police doing their job.... This was neither interfering with their job, and while it wasn't in a "public" space, it was on his private property. Yes they demanded him to relinquish his phone to the police.. To which he told them to get a warrant.
Not that I'm aware of? And probably it is just phishing, they don't care if you are Kayla, they want you to click the link out of curiosity... If you did, their phishing attack worked. The site probably has code that compromises devices. (Similar to Android root sites, or jailbreak me did for Apple devices... Except they inject malicious code at the root level.)
The power of the Union must be eviscerated. Make it so there is no such thing as an internal investigation into wrongdoing of officers. If found guilty by the external watchdog, make it so the Union has absolutely no power to protect the cop who violated laws or rules that they were entrusted to uphold.
Remember, that is $130,000 for every citizen living in the USA right now... Edit: should have been $130,000, not 1.3 million.
Low battery? I don't notice the LED light coming on when you turn it on.
Someone fucked up to piss off mother nature, and the leprechauns at the same time.
I've come to the conclusion freedom is only an illusion to keep the people from revolting.
Until you realize you pretty much have nothing but Trump lapdogs in Congress...
Depends on where you are, in the US, we probably won't see the summer wave as the factory in Mexico (which is where all North American Legos come from) is shut down due you the virus. If you are in Europe, you will have much better luck with the summer wave as they are still in operation. This virus thing sucks hard...
I know this is old, but my question, how did that fit into the computer? I understand the computers they used to get to the Moon had less RAM than a Commodore Vic 20... I guess that was the original code for Lunar Lander, that was later ported to home computers.
Of course, I wouldn't put any of those mentioned on the same pedistal as Mozart or Beethoven. Most of the artists mentioned are so cookie cutter, whereas Mozart and Beethoven broke traditions. Which is why you don't hear of many other composers from 300 years ago.
It's one of those new fangled swivel laptops... Oh wait probably shouldn't have twisted that.
He loses... In retaliation he could pretty much bankrupt the entire country for the next president to deal with. (Of course you know that the new president will be given the blame, as always.)
They tried to touch his lucky charms.
The fact nobody knows how to drive them anymore because it hasn't been a common option in vehicles for years.
If they could flesh out the game into something less of a minigame, it could be good.
They don't want to see it, it is inconvenient. Inconvenience in the day of people expecting 2 day shipping, and instant gratification is asking a lot from them.
And when they own the farms, they won't need to technically buy anything from the US, just export what they already own.
They are buying the farms that grow the produce and livestock. For now they are buying the product, pretty soon they will be selling and exporting the product.
You forgot the Supercell logo... You can wake up the entire neighborhood even with the sound turned off.
Act Raiser for the SNES had kind of this premise. Your power in the side scrolling part of the game was driven of how many followers you had amassed during the city building part of the game.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasberry_crazy_ant#Attraction_to_electrical_equipment
Dear god! You have a few in the wrong positions, this is going to summon the Tiger Game.Com or a Nokia N-Gage! Lord have mercy on your soul.
I work retail, I can tell you since March, I've had more people that have gotten violent, short of actually doing anything to the employees... But the thing is, we've known some of these customers for a long while prior to this... Night and day difference then versus now. As I said among employees, this virus has made people very angry, and stupid.... What I wouldn't give for just a regular old respiratory illness.
I think that should be how it works. Yes, They were working during the event, but if it don't directly affect them, they don't care, and won't think how this will affect them... Thus never change.
Something tells me that insurance company executives have been staying at Trump Hotels...I mean they can't make nearly as much money as they could potentially when they can't gouge during this time.
If Apple which limits access to do much catches this... Makes you wonder how bad a mostly open system like Android has this very same issue. ... And you know that this kind of behavior is likely to occur in desktop operating systems as well. (The whole reading memory and sending back home.) I'm not saying anything necessarily bad, just makes you wonder how much app developers are sneaking and selling data that really shouldn't be accessible to them by exploiting system resources the app shouldn't have access to.
Hmm, does this count if you decide to drive to the location? I mean, I think I'd be willing to see the country. Still not voting Trump.. If that is the objective.
His casinos?
