I hear you. Don't get married to her. Especially if she reserves the right to leave for unpredictable and uncontrollable reasons.
You should still tell the truth at your wedding ceremony and your close friends and family though. If your marriage means "we are going to be together temporarily until it makes sense for me to move on", then that's fine, but tell the truth, don't lie.
Marriage is a forever girlfriend with state-enforced leverage over your assets.
My good friend dated a girl for 5 years, was married to her for 3 years, now they are getting divorced because she "found out she is a lesbian". Is that something that can happen to anyone?
I'm not sure how to answer that. I think lots of people get a legal marriage with little or no intention of keeping their marriage vows, yes.
It depends on what the wedding vow was. Was the wedding vow "do our best to take care of each other and stay married until one of us dies"?
Then most people dont have valid wedding vows. They are not each promising to "love you until one of dies" they are promising to "love you until one of us dies or finds out we are gay"
Very clever! That actually would make sense to those kind of people because you're not allowed to question a person's sexuality.
Well, some point are not as open-minded as you when it comes to lesbians and marriage.
&gt; Well, that's just rude. Choosing to divorce a loving spouse is more rude. Getting divorced also hurts people's feelings. Why should they be allowed to do such damning emotional harm to their spouse? It's honestly devastating. For me, I'd rather be criticized for choosing to break my marriage vows then have my wife divorce me. Also, you should still tell the truth, especially when you get married. If you're getting married with an exit clause, then say you have an exit clause. You are entitled to an exit clause when you get married, but you still shouldn't lie about your wedding vows.
&gt; You're just slandering Slander? What are you talking about? What did I lie about? &gt; ya know what, I'm going to ruin my husband's life by telling him I'm gay and divorcing him! That was exactly her behavior. &gt; he should have had an exit clause People should tell the truth, especially in their wedding vows. That's where we disagree the most. &gt; if he cared for her more as a friend than as a wife Why would that be the case?
"We dont want the little guy to have guns"
&gt; And most divorces aren’t cash and prizes FYI if you’re equally yoked. Source?
&gt; A man who says marriage is a silly, meaningless gesture...that he refuses to do even if it means everything to someone he supposedly loves? He could still say no because she isn't ready. Maybe she believes in a bunch of silly nonsense right now.
I was about to say the same thing. 90% of the time, I would much rather be married. Everyone once in a while I have a fleeting thought about how hot some 20 year old is, but I know that I prefer being married. No kids yet.
Fun Facts about Max Keiser. He has his own crypto called Maxcoin. Also, the founder of the Peepcoin/DAPS scam said he believes Max Keiser *is* Satoshi.
Are you saying it's sometimes ok to display a Nazi flag, like you did?
The marriage vow
What days do you do that?
Then why bring it up? And why post positive depitcitons of pictures with the Nazi flag?
Yes, you should tell the truth in your marriage vows. We agree on that.
Another [pizza parlor pedo](https://old.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/bxzu5b/dr_pizza/) for you conspiracy nuts!
Tim Pool is legit. He is probably my favorite anarcho-communist. My least favorite anarcho-communist is the Anti-Fa movement.
You have the option to deny reality and truth, but you should choose to speak and embrace the reality and the truth.
&gt; So in actuality, what makes a person truly intelligent versus someone who is not is mostly via their behaviors. Sort of, Psychology measures intelligence using IQ tests. The theory that intelligence can be measured using IQ tests is one of the most scientifically validated theories in the social sciences (Bartholomew, 2004). I don't know if this answers your question, but "It appears that ACT scores can be used to accurately predict IQ in the general population." (Koenig et al., (2008). The ACT is an American test taken by some college applicants. Also, Frey (2004), states "[our] studies indicate that the SAT is mainly a test of g.". Bartholomew, D. J., &amp; ProQuest Ebooks. (2004). Measuring intelligence: Facts and fallacies. Cambridge, UK;New York;: Cambridge University Press. Frey, Meredith C (06/01/2004). "Scholastic assessment or g? The relationship between the scholastic assessment test and general cognitive ability". *Psychological science* (0956-7976), 15 (6), p. 373. Koenig, K. A., Frey, M. C., &amp; Detterman, D. K. (2008). ACT and general cognitive ability. *Intelligence*, 36(2), 153-160. doi:10.1016/j.intell.2007.03.005
I trade based on a price/value indicator developed by "speculatorseth" on Patreon. I like his because he makes it a point to put in predictions of what the number the price will be based on the indicator. He generally predicts the top or bottom price for each month and I've been doing well following that.
If he was winning to win at any cost, he should have allowed the kidnapping.
Right, the price of tea in China.
Being forced to carry a child to full-term is not you being punished for having sex. Don’t want to carry a child to full-term? Use a condom, get your tubes tied, encourage your sex partner to use Plan B, pull out, whatever. Delivering full-term babies are one of the risks you take for having sex.
&gt; Their decision was made before the baby was conceived. What decision exactly was made? Was it the decision to give birth to a baby? Was it the decision to pay child support? Was it the decision to have sex?
&gt; One doesn’t necessarily follow the other. You can support abortion in cases where the mother’s life is at risk, or where the woman was raped, for example And oppose abortion in the other 90% or more of cases?
And the decision to have sex has now forced the couple to give birth to a baby and pay child support for it? Is that how we want society to be?
I think you meant to reply to someone else.
Abortion isn't your problem because you cant get pregnant? Fair enough.
Ok, so this might be the first time you've ever heard this. An argument is a claim and a reason for that claim. Usually, people make an argument and there is a principle behind it. This allows people to discuss their views with each other so that each side knows what is being discussed. What is the principle behind your claim, that men who make "the decision to have sex" should have no legal say in the baby being born?
You still don't get what a [principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle) is. It *does* matter to me that men and women are treated equally. Having sex leaves you with the consequences of pregnancy. Your options are now limited because you did choose to have sex, that's the principle. The man provided the sperm and the women provided the egg. Now, they should not be allowed to kill that baby or prevent that baby from being born. Neither of them, because they are to be treated equally. Their best way "out" is to put the baby up for adoption, which is relatively easy since there is a long waiting list of people waiting to adopt newborns. Women are adults and should be treated as though they are responsible for their choices.
Yes, I'm one of them. When a man and a woman make a baby, they should do everything they are able to, to keep that baby alive.
Right, the decision to have sex has forced the couple to give birth to a baby. However, decisions around adoption are still up for debate, society has laws that affect that process which entitles those in charge (the people) a say in the process.
Dr. Hendley is right, you don't always get to act on your feelings. Especially if you feel like committing a crime or harming children.
According to [Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/alexknapp/2013/03/12/pope-francis-scientist-2/#3f98c7744862) &gt; the newest Pope, Pope Francis, isn't just a cleric. He's also a scientist.
&gt; a "ScientistTM" has a PhD That's according to you, right? The first Doctorate of Philosophy was awarded in Europe in 1150. Charles Darwin and Gregory Mendel choose to skip it, were they scientists?
That's actually a good idea. A special, cheap, itchy, suit of "armor" made out of leather that is too small. Or just a straightjacket.
I guess players who multiclass get a chance to possibly escape from prison if the guards fall asleep, fine with me, prison breaks are fun!
Men are encouraging unprotected sex? Where do you live that this is the case? I think there is a language barrier, no?
They hate Jim Jordan because he is defending the President.
Then why dont they tell us so we can always pay the right amount?
For most people, the IRS knows everything? How do you know that? Can I access the info they have on me to help me pay the correct taxes? Why not?
That's wild, I would recommend they not encourage that kind of behavior.
Ah, I see, so the IRS has all of the same information that I have. It still seems weird they don't just send you "what your bill will be if you take standard deduction".
Oh, that makes sense, thank you.
They are embracing him, it would be appropriate for him to embrace them back. Instead, he is extra careful to avoid negative press in the #MeToo era.
Our rogue stole it from Volo at the Yawning Portal before he could offer it to them.
Now that America is leading a major campaign to decriminalize homosexuality, I think a lot more countries will get on board.
Oh you didnt hear about the efforts that just started this month?
[Trump launched a global effort to decriminalize homosexuality](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/national-security/trump-administration-launches-global-effort-end-criminalization-homosexuality-n973081). I think this is a step in the right direction, rather than a step in the wrong direction. What do you think, was this individual action good or bad? I also think many Trump supporters will **flip-flop** on this issue when they realize Trump has been a long time supporters of homosexual rights. And while it is true that Trump's position on transgenders is different, it is also true the transgenders and homosexuals are different. Unfortunately, Trump is only championing the rights of homosexuals, while leaving transgenders out in the cold, so to speak.
&gt; one of the major power blocs in the Republican party Who is that? At their last RN?C convention, they had gay speakers talk about the importance of supporting gay marriage. Why does it matter that we "just playing politics" with the rainbow flags? Is the global effort to decriminalize homosexuality a good thing or a conspiracy theory type thing?
Oh ok, conspiracy theory.
I offered them a chance for a prison break, which they didnt take and then they got community service enforced by the "geas" spell, except the curse cant be removed.
Ya, it seems like that's the case. I don't see it as a problem, because I see no value in making connections with strangers, but I know that some people do.
When you talk about ppm, you're talking about a number that has ranged from 180 to 4000 ppm that we know about. With a +/- or 1600 ppm on the 4000 number. Also, how do you get "a 48% increase"? I dont think that is an accurate way to describe it.
No, this just run of the mill American politician corruption. The rich and smart run things, they tell the poor and dumb to protest and be activists. The poor and dumb believe whatever they're told. The poor and smart become rich, or they go into academia and complain about they're not rich enough.
Lol. RAW doesn't really account for the physics of getting punched by a magically enlarged gorilla that weighs "several hundred tons". Probably because physics doesn't take magic into account. What does physics say about a normal sized lvl 20 barbarian and their ability to take a punch?
Does that still work for unemployment benefits?
A similar situation is going on here in Eastern Washington. Non-felons can get hired the same day they apply at fast food joints and many other places. Seems like every entry level place has a help wanted sign up.
The cost of living in Eastern Washington is still a little bit below the national average, some of you guys should move up here and take these jobs!
*Eastern Washington, lots of fresh air, trees, green fields, rivers, hiking, four distinct seasons. Also, [Washington is the best overall state to live in, according to USAToday](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2019/05/14/washington-top-state-overall-u-s-news-best-states-rankings/1188577001/)
I saw only one person claiming to debunk it and their chart didn't detract from the main point. That the marketcap of Tether seems to predict the marketcap of Bitcoin. What did you see that was different?
Mometrix products help a great deal.
Ya, because teachers screw up sometimes and we don't need video evidence of us screwing up getting leaked.
I think the theory is that Tether recently started using Tether's to manipulate the price. Also, there's no "after" because the chart goes up to present day.
I thought inflation was a decline in the purchasing power of a currency? How is Bitcoin losing purchasing power?
Maybe, but Harvard University puts a lot of their classes online for free. I study from them sometimes.
Oh, that makes sense, thank you
No, they're talking about supply. The supply of Bitcoin is increasing faster than the supply of USD.
I think you meant to reply to someone else. You said to look at Wikpedia and Google, From Wikipedia, &gt; In economics, inflation is a sustained increase in the general price level of goods and services in an economy over a period of time. From Google &gt; a general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money. I guess you could argue that neither applies to Bitcoin. But, if it does, then the "purchasing value" of Bitcoin has increased, not fallen.
&gt; Bitcoin is experiencing deflation, not inflation. That seems pretty obvious by the traditional definition of inflation, I'm guessing this sub has a unique definition of "inflation"?
Well, I don't think this sub is meant to be serious critique, it's meant to be comedy. Is there a sub for a more fact-based critique of Bitcoin?
Well Bitcoiners are being foolish then. They should focus on the fact that Bitcoin's purchasing power increases over any 2-year period. Not, "the halving" as if its a religious event.
Yes, I don't see who would want to use something for commerce that is this volatile. Also, currencies tend to be something you can pay your employees. I don't think Amazon will tell the US government, "we pay our employees in Bitcoin and there's nothing you can do about that!". Also, Amazon won't allow law-breaking in purchases. So, when you purchase something from Amazon, they will follow applicable US law, including sales tax. If you're paying in crypto, they're still going to collect government taxes. I'm not some big believer in Bitcoin's utility, but I do so money to be made, currently I've got a short on Bitcoin, so I make money when the price goes down.
How much cash did Obama give to Iran, would that cover it?
&gt; The only way to make money from bitcoin is to take it from other people like yourself, who think that there is money to be made from it. Right, that is correct. There are winners and losers in this highly, volatile, highly speculative market. &gt; But you must do so before the miners and exchange operators take their fat cuts. I guess, my combined exchange and miner fee is under 2%. That's less fat than stocks.
Right, it seems with other currencies, "purchasing power" is the main concern, not supply. At least, that is how the news portrays when talking about Zimbabwe, Venezuela, etc...
&gt; So miners and exchanges are taking maybe 10 billion USD per year. Where does that money come from? From people buying Bitcoin for the first time or from people buying more Bitcoin. Bitmex alone handles about $3 Billion in peer-to-peer trades a day. If all of the current evidence is to be believed, Bitmex is only making money off of trading fees, and not liquidating shorts/longs. I guess, I don't get which part we disagree about.
I don't know if this is a PPD issue. [most of the time] people who complain aren't actually interested in improvement, they just want to sit there and complain about the stuff they can't change.
I know quite a bit about this scandal. I concluded that it was a ransom. A ransom paid to a group (the Iranian government), that funds a terrorist organization, (the Iranian National Guard). You claim it was "iranian money" In what year did Iran last have access to that money? How much of it was "iranian money" and how much of it was never "iranian money"? Who decided to give Iran the money?
Since you don't know the answers to my questions, I will answer them for you. 1 Iran last had access to that money in 1979. 2 Only the first $400 million was "iranian money" 3 The Obama administration decided on this amount in a negotiation with the Iranian national government. So no, it was not "literally iranian assets", the first shipment of $400 million was exactly equal to the $400 million that Iran gave to the US in an arms deal that President Carter broke in late 1979. The remaining $1.3 Billion was not "literally iranian assets", that is not true.
Oh sorry, we are talking about two different events. I am talking about the ransom payments. [the US quietly paid Iran $1.3 billion in foreign cash.](https://www.vox.com/2016/9/7/12830688/us-iran-cash-payment-ransom). You are talking about the sanctions. Two different events, but the link you sent me says the sanction money was closer to $50 billion.
This is just as divisive as the talk about crime rates by race. Or IQ and race.
Marriage is better for the children, which in turn is better for the parents that stick around to raise the children.
I imagine they get cheated a lot on big orders by people who reverse the credit card charges. Because, what is the illegal, online, India-based business going to do about it?
That's funny because Singapore takes in a ton of legal immigrants from poor countries, doesn't it?
I had great success with the "pimodo technique"
It seems very out of character to be an athiest in DnD. You see dozens of verifiable miracles every day and you still don't believe? Well, whatever, one of the many, very real gods still answers your call when you use Commune, heathen.
I hope this gets brought to their attention so they can fix it.
Maybe every technical resistance is psychological.
Jeremy Crawford ruled on this with Druids Wild Shape. Death and "drop to 0hp" are different things. In many cases, dying does not mean "drop to 0 hp".
The creature has a lot of weaknesses, as outlined in this sub.
You should be on a secret mission from a powerful lord and you "have the documents to prove it".
The scandanivian countries dont claim to be socialist.
He looks terrified.
In my area, many people survive through charities, but I live in a conservative and religious area. Perhaps in an extremely liberal area, there are no charities that help the unemployed and poor survive.
I could see why it would seem that way to you. Do you have a solution to "poverty" as you're defining it that ensures the unemployed are not marginalized in any way?
You think the green new deal could be a solution to "poverty" as you're defining it that ensures the unemployed are not marginalized in any way?
What's the correct answer to #3?
Why not?
&gt; Labour had a majority for a long time prior to the last economic crisis.
1/5 women are mentally ill, as diagnosed by a doctor, to the point that they need psychoactive medication. So, those people might be skewing the statistics.
What is Calibra? What is Libra?
I am glad we agree that reading those things puts me in a position to understand both Libra and Calibra. Libra is a new decentralized blockchain, and a smart contract platform. For legal reasons, it is guided by Facebook, but technically seperate from Facebook. Calibra is also a subsidiary of Facebook whose first project is the Libra wallet. Presumably only Facebook will hold Libra before the Libra wallet is complete. So while both are under Facebook, one is the wallet maker and one is the blockchain itself. One notable thing is the permission-less nature of "validator nodes" in Libra. Because they are permissionless, it might be the case that "The Libra Association" as guided by Facebook, decides to sell enough validator nodes that they no longer control the majority of the nodes and are not the de facto centralized controller of the Libra network. However, if "The Libra Association" decides to not follow the promises on their White Paper, it would not be the first time such a thing has happened in crypto.
It's actually *Calibra* that makes the Liba wallet. *Calibra* is "a Facebook subsidiary".
Sure, that picture never came to pass. Also, that picture is widely inaccurate in terms of what was being argued by the Anti Net Neutrality side.
Who are the other founding members of "The Libra Association"? Did Facebook pick them?
&gt; Facebook won't have any unique sway over Libra: We're reading the same facts and coming to different conclusions. Can anyone use Libra without going through Facebook's Libra wallet? Did Facebook create Calibra for the purpose of meeting legal requirements? Did Facebook name it "Calibra" and "Libra" so that people would know that the Facebook-owned "Calibra" and the self-owned? "Libra" are closely linked?
It will be possible for people other than Calibra to make wallets for Libra?
&gt; Facebook is the driving force for now. In what way is Facebook the driving force behind "The Libra Association"? &gt; FB is spearheading the development of a network that will serve its needs, but then giving up its control. .... to "The Libra Association".
Well, if true, that will make a difference.
Not if you're making minimum wage
That woman won't vote Democrat in the future.
I'd allow Lizardfolk but let the player know that some people will refer to you as "that monster", but you're legally protected.
Why is jewelry not intrinsic? Also, gold is needed for electronics.
I'm not sure what that means. How is "value" determined in the phrase "intrinsic value"? Normally, value is determined by what humans think about a thing, but you're saying you have a different method?
That depends, are you talking about [absolute or relative poverty](https://www.khanacademy.org/test-prep/mcat/social-inequality/social-class/v/absolute-and-relative-poverty). These are different concepts with different causes. If everyone has 0, then there is no relative poverty, but everyone is living in absolute poverty.
Extreme poverty, as defined by the United Nations in 1995, [is $1.90 and is declining](https://ourworldindata.org/extreme-poverty) at an incredible rate. This is caused by "economic growth". In the United States, for example, [1.2% of people live in extreme poverty](https://ourworldindata.org/extreme-poverty#the-evolution-of-extreme-poverty-country-by-country). I was surprised to see that the number is even that high. To live in extreme poverty in the United States, a person would have to receive virtually no government assitance, have no job, no savings, and receive no charity from (family, friends, etc..).
Are you talking about absolute poverty or relative poverty?
For absolute poverty, no, that seems to be a function of economic growth in a particular region. It is not something that is very responsive to individual efforts, instead, it changes as a consequence of region-wide economic growth.* (Aa person could hypothetically move out of poverty, but this is pretty rare, perhaps because of the many obstacles they face while trying to move).
&gt; That means it's not really something you can overcome as an individual, Exactly, when discussing absolute poverty, it is mostly changed by region-wide economic growth, not at an individual level.
Ok, but were talking about research and you're just saying "people need help and aren't getting it".
And every NPC they interact with. If they see these NPC's later, they describe these nightmares to the players.
I wrote the final session of our last campaign based on your other doodle and we had a blast!
That's amazing! Is the necromantic will a bit weak since a lvl 6 wizard has something half as good as a passive effect? Maybe you imbue up to 6 undead with necromantic will for the day using that ability?
Your talking about swiftdemand? I wasn't aware they had a price.
"Just" can mean the idea is simple or the process is simple. "Dont be fat" is a simple idea and a very difficult process.
We agree, it *is* animal abuse to misgender your animals. You're the one doing it.
When I watch it, I imagine I'm the black dude, not the husband.
I guess the term is "bull, regardless of race. I imagine I'm the bull in those videos.
Is it normal for children to have sexual feelings towards other children? I think we have different definitions.
Purchases from large corporations will always collect taxes. For example, Amazon will collect taxes on all of their purchases or get shut down by the government.
I dont think you should buy non-dividend stocks unless you are buying them for the same reason people buy BTC.
Me too, but I just do gold.
There as many tradable stocks as the courts will enforce.
According to the judge, there is no medical necessity. This is being done to benefit the mother's emotional state.
&gt; they may get blacklisted from future positions or targeted in some other manner. can you elaborate on that a little bit? Who is the doing the blacklisting and/or targeting?
&gt; the complainant wearing a blindfold while they watched television and even when sunbathing. Really? Even when sunbathing????
Under those assumptions, no. I would only be bothered if she were unattractive or her manning of flirting was unattractive.
On paper he's bisexual, but in practice he's straight. I think that defines most people.
By then, we'll be talking about the price of 1 Satoshi, which is more meaningful anyways. No one gives me a price in Bitcoins, they give me the price in Satoshis.
So we need the government to start accepting Bitcoin for payments?
If true, this seems very preliminary. However, Tulsi Gabbard is an upgrade from Trump's current administration.
It looks like the majority of people here prefer Trump over Tulsi.
&gt; I know there are some people who can only say "Tulsi = bad
How is Yemen more threatened by Iran than they are by Saudi Arabia? Isn't Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen currently?
&gt; kiss Assad’s [ring] What are you even talking about? What positive thing did she say about Assad?
&gt; She met with Assad while he was mass murdering civilian and met with trump about a job. Insults aside. These events happened. You don't think Congress should negotiate with the President of the United States or foreign dictators?
People disagreed with "Tulsi is better than Trump's current administration".
Hmm, good to know, thanks.
That could be the reason. I didnt read the methodology report or anything.
He has been gaining a lot of traction lately by supporting Conservative issues and positions lately. Not surprised this came out.
Oh good, I finally have a place to put my legal supplements!
1/4 women have a mental illness that is diagnosed by a mental doctor and being treated with prescription drugs. That's a big dating pool.
My opinion is that 8,884 BTC is less than 1% of the daily volume.
Robert Mueller should testify about that. We should get more Mueller testimony.
Link doesn't work for me, any alternative?
I'm starting to get skeptical of the Tether Pump Theory. New Tethers printed would account for less than 1% of daily trading volume. Granted, that 1% is all Buy Orders, but it is still a small amount compared to the amount being traded. Thoughts?
Is there any reason to suggest that tether/btc trades are pushing the price in one direction? The Tether Pump Theory is that newly printed (free) Tethers are being printed and used to buy btc at any price since the Tether is free to print.
Look up the "Symbol" spell, you could do "Hopelessness" and "Discord". Make it permanent.
Stephen Colbert pooped in my sink. Upvote if he also pooped in your sink.
You think differently than me? Oh my... you're an [ad hominem].
Can anyone tell me how the biggest Bitcoin exchange in the world today has almost no one talking about it on Reddit?
Ya, it's at ~~$13,600~~, ~~$12,200~~, $12,500
&gt; barthib 14 points 2 years ago Your chart shows $10,000 in 2 years and 100,000 in 2.5 years. I don't believe that :) I like how this is the top post.
What percent of the stock market is being illegally manipulated by pump and dump bots?
Sounds like he colluded with the media in order to gain the support of the press. &gt; They frequently scheduled their raids to suit the convenience of the reporters and the newspaper photographers, and soon learned that there was more room in the papers on Monday mornings than on any other day of the week. One Sunday, accompanied by a swarm of eager reporters, they established a record by making seventy-one raids in a little more than twelve hours.
Well, that would negate the point. Some people got an advantage over other traders *in the market*. Going to another market maker wouldn't give you that advantage.
Oh, I can see how you would get confused. The issue is the video recording, which is quite extensive and provides the context. On out of context screenshot is not as damning as the actual video itself.
I think fascists are pro-police and anti-fascists are anti-police.
I do think the people who write emails like this actually believe what they write. I dont know how, but they do seem genuine in their belief.
That's embarrassing, if you're offended, get over it.
The EU committee hates this man, they are going to nail him as hard as they possibly can.
Which 9?
It is absolutely possible and there is no conspiracy going on that I know about. I have no idea what conspiracy you are talking about. Sounds like you are projecting.
I bet it would make a lot of money.
I post in the Donald subreddit and sometimes defend conservative policies. I like UBI and think it should be tried in my state, but would also support trying UBI nation-wide. Now you've met one and learned something new today! EDIT: I was banned from The Donald today, such tribalism!
I hope I can stay as the only one, but it seems unlikely. [28% of Republicans and 48% of Independents support UBI](https://news.gallup.com/poll/228194/public-split-basic-income-workers-replaced-robots.aspx)
I think a lot of people voted Bernie Sanders in the Primaries and Trump in the General. So ya, maybe someone like Andrew Yang or Tulsi Gabbard could pick up a lot of voters who voted for Trump in 2016, but have changed their minds since then.
My understanding of Nazis and other fascist movements is that, once they are in power, they are always pro-police. Do you have an example where this was not the case?
I see, and it is being alleged that this is the position of the Donald subreddit? That the police are currently in the way of their pursuit of fascism, but after they are "purged", then the new police will be a tool of the new fascist state?
No, but can't you just close your position and make new account that is not in the US?
How do you know pcmdnews.com ran this story to "hurdurdur their racism"? Couldn't it just be that a tragedy happened and the news reports tragedies?
It is unfortunate for you that you are so disconnected from reality. I did not vote for Trump, I will not vote for Trump in 2020, and I have been permanently banned from The Donald for not being a Trump supporter. Our disagreements are not based on politics, but on reality. I live in a different reality from you. Nevertheless, this is a tragedy that I would prefer does not happen. And I do support the right of news organizations, like pcmdnews.com to report on tragedies such as this. Even though, as you point out, it may in some way, benefit Trump Voters, a group I do not belong to.
I also like this sub for the same reason. I appreciate the negative criticism of Bitcoin. I assume you think Bitcoin is overpriced and the price will drop dramatically?
Damn, that's too bad we cant predict price movements. How did you determine the value?
Agreed.
Agreed. People have the option cash out, but fail to do so when its prudent.
I agree with this. Except "true price" and "true value" I dont know what those terms mean. Do they mean "the price it would be if no one was engaged in any attempts to trick others about the price"?
That's what I was trying to get at. Manipulation is (among other things) tricking people about the price?
Isn't the stock market the same way? Someone else has to pay for the others gains.
Yes I would agree that Bitcoin has very little ongoing economically useful activity and it's only resource is the computer code.
That is all true. I definitely agree.
I agree with all of that. I would argue that Bitcoin has the same value as a patent for a slot machine. Because it allows gambling and the miners get a cut. Each miner is getting the rights to collect fees on a gambling engine.
This guy totally ripped me off.
/u/TheEmperorAzir totally scammed me out of this.
I'm going to use this as part of my own campaign!
Thanks!
Great job! I love the use of clone by a high level spell caster. There's a typo in Force Lightning at the end.
Also, the prosecutor was sentenced to prison time for his role in the case, but committed suicide before he could begin serving his sentence.
I don't think "Trump is working with about 70% of the House Democrats" because over 90% just voted against him on the impeachment issue.
Religious persecution meant being killed for attending the wrong church for the Founding Fathers. Those same Founding Fathers voted passed a Senate resolution to have an official christian hymn book for use in schools.
I wish the prosecutor had served his prison sentence. But, I guess he found a way out of it?
&gt; Why was the judge arrested? "Superior Court Judge Michael Imbriani had improperly instructed jurors. Imbriani (the Judge) was removed from the bench and found guilty of embezzling from his real estate partners." According to https://morbidology.com/wrongfully-convicted-man-comes-for-those-who-put-him-behind-bars-isaac-wright-jr/ The Judge probably wasn't "in on it", but a highly trained and highly motivated lawyer was able to get discovery on a long list of things the judge did. Most people commit many many crimes, usually without knowing it, so you can kinda bust anyone with enough discovery.
What are the facts?
[Here](https://archives-benghazi-republicans-oversight.house.gov/newinfo) is the report by Trey Gowdy on Benghazi. Here are some of the things it says. &gt; Rep. Jim Jordan (OH-04) released the following statement regarding these findings: “Obama Administration officials, including the Secretary of State, learned almost in real time that the attack in Benghazi was a terrorist attack. Rather than tell the American people the truth, the administration told one story privately and a different story publicly.” &gt; Rep. Susan Brooks (IN-05) released the following statement regarding these findings: “President Obama has said his worst mistake was ‘failing to plan for the day after … intervening in Libya.’ As a result of this ‘lead from behind’ foreign policy, the Libyan people were forced to make the dismal trade of the tyranny of Qadhafi for the terror of ISIS, Al-Qaeda and others. Although the State Department considered Libya a grave risk to American diplomats in 2011 and 2012, our people remained in a largely unprotected, unofficial facility that one diplomatic security agent the committee interviewed characterized as ‘a suicide mission.’” &gt; The same government that... obstructed an investigation into what happened in Benghazi before, during, and after their deaths. &gt; The House of Representatives established the Committee in large part because of this administration’s delay and obstruction of prior congressional investigations.[5] I see a lot of problems with how Benghazi was handled. We have **Obstruction of Congress**, an Impeachable Offense. **Lying to the American people** by both President Obama and Secretary Clinton. Also, Clinton **sending diplomats into a suicide mission"**. But, it does seem that you are correct. Obama did order troops in right away. It's just that those troops were... I don't know, unbelievably, ridiculously slow in responding.
&gt; The CIA said they had people on the ground stating this was an incident in response to the videos. Can you cite a source for this claim? Everything I read seemed to state there was no reason to believe The Video was the reason for the attack. &gt; Five of the 10 action items from the 7:30 PM White House meeting referenced the video, but no direct link or solid evidence existed connecting the attacks in Benghazi and the video at the time the meeting took place. &gt; There was no mention of the video from the agents on the ground. &gt; One of the last people to talk to Chris Stevens before he died—said there was virtually no discussion about the video in Libya leading up to the attacks. &gt; Minutes before the President delivered his speech in the Rose Garden, Jake Sullivan wrote in an email to Ben Rhodes and others: “There was not really much violence in Egypt. And we are not saying that the violence in Libya erupted ‘over inflammatory videos.’” Why are the Obama administration officials saying the video is the not the source while Obama is telling the American people the video *is* the source? I think those facts make for a reasonable conclusion that "The administration was saying one thing in private and another thing in public". But, you are certainty entitled to any other conclusion from those facts. We just look at those facts in a very different way. Or are you saying Jake Sullivan did not send that email?
You should read [The Report](https://archives-benghazi-republicans-oversight.house.gov/newinfo), at least the cover before you believe what he has to say about it. He is trying to mislead people about it hoping we don't read it for ourselves.
&gt; Despite President Obama and Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta’s clear orders to deploy military assets, nothing was sent to Benghazi Those are the facts. &gt; Ah, that clarifies it. So the fault lays on Hillary Maybe not. Of course, she did send diplomats on "a suicide mission". She could be blamed for that, but not for the lack of response *after* Obama ordered troops.
&gt; the short answer is in your link, the long answer is in the full report My link contains the full report. But, I agree with this reply. This can be pinned on the CIA and that is a reasonable conclusion. However, the Obama administration is still accused of "Obstruction" of the Congressional investigation by Trey Gowdy as an official conclusion of this report. "Obstruction" of a Congressional investigation is an impeachable offense. Hillary Clinton still sent these diplomats on "a suicide mission".
I am not asking you to believe Trey Gowdy or any other members of the Congressional Committee, btw. You brought up the report. Like you, I doubt certain sections of this report. But, the obstruction allegations are detailed quite heavily with numerous examples. I allege that **this report alleges obstruction of Congress**. I do not allege that every single claim being made in the report is true. If you disagree, and believe that no obstruction occurred, then I would like to hear that disagreement. If you simply believe that a some of the wording is hyperbolic, then we already agree on that point and I am not interested in discussing something we already agree on. &gt; Can you point to the obstruction charge/accusation, and on what grounds? &gt; The same government that asked J. Christopher Stevens, Sean P. Smith, Glen A. Doherty and Tyrone S. Woods to serve selflessly and sacrificially **delayed and obstructed an investigation** into what happened in Benghazi before, during, and after their deaths. &gt; **Department officials deflected and delayed their responses, engaged in a pattern of obstruction** &gt; The administration’s intentional failure to cooperate with this and other congressional investigations &gt; The House of Representatives established the Committee in large part because of this administration’s delay and obstruction of prior congressional investigations.5 &gt; Though Congress had been asking for the documents for almost two years, the State Department failed to produce a single document. &gt; The failure to honor congressional requests for information &gt; **The State Department had yet to comply with two outstanding congressional subpoenas issued in 2013—** &gt; The number of documents produced is in isolation meaningless without knowing the relevance of the documents actually produced and the number of relevant documents not produced. An agency that compliments itself on the number of pages provided to investigators when it alone knows the number of relevant pages withheld is engaged in propaganda, not transparency. &gt; 52 Moreover, the State Department withheld a number of documents from the Committee based on “executive branch confidentiality interests,” an administrationconstructed privilege not recognized by the Constitution.53 &gt; The State Department still refused to disclose important, relevant facts such as: the Secretary’s emails were not on the State Department’s network; the Secretary did not provide electronic copies of her emails; and the Secretary’s attorneys—not the State Department—determined which emails would be returned to the Department. &gt; not only was the State Department refusing to produce emails from the Secretary that were unquestionably relevant to this Committee's investigation, it also laid bare the Secretary's assurance that all public records had been returned to the State Department. Neither of those assertions was true. &gt; It is worth reiterating that what may appear, at first blush, to be a lack of competence on behalf of the State Department now appears fully intentional and coordinated.
I agree with 2011 Trump that starting a war with Iran is bad. Is this implying Trump has started a war with Iran? because I don't think that happened.
Yes, that's why I quoted it. Both in this thread and in other threads. So I guess I should start calling *you* names intead.
Interesting, so the Feds cannot force state law enforcement to enforce any federal laws?
Not always. In the 2nd court ruling, the court decided that withholding 100% of funding *is* the same as forcing state law enforcement to comply.
'You have no business breaking the rules unless you are an expert". That applies to a lot more than D&amp;D.
Yes, exactly.
&gt; "a suicide mission" p.2
I always thought people knew how how they were and knew when they "don't have a chance with her".
Unbalancing one character means you will want to unbalance the other characters to match. Obviously, this also means the CR system for balancing encounters wont apply to the party anymore. You will have to balance combat yourself. The easiest way to do that is to estimate what level this class (and the party) is fighting at. I'd say this class is fighting at 1 lvl higher each time it gains a subclass ability.
The DSM-5 states that many people who experience gender dysphoria experience sexual arousal by cross dressing. It's most certainly a fetish.
This is diabolic, it's great.
But he has to spend a lot of his wealth running the Washington Post at a loss so he can attack his political opponents.
Anonymous sources giving their opinions to reinforce bias. That's nothing new.
So you can send it back and forth through a creature on the same turn?
Ya, I would figure it can only move in 5 feet units or something.
You don't have to round up since you are doubling. Any doubling results in an even number.
Right, the contract doesn't forbid plotting, only direct action. So you come up with a plan and don't execute it until you have enough power from some other source.
Christians don't own the cross. Spartacus died on a cross before Jesus did. My Red Cross represents Spartacus.
It seems slightly overpowered, but I have a balance I would use for y game. When you become "possessed" through Oni's Frenzy, each turn you have to make your strongest melee attack against the nearest creature each round. That's friend or foe. I really liked the old barbarian rage which worked like that.
This looks great actually. I especially like what he did with Warlock and the Wish spell. A couple of points * He weakened the Bard without any buffs. (Maybe his group is always picking Bard)? * Tenacious Spell is very strong in campaigns with lots of spell-casting enemies. (Unless those enemies can also use this) * I think Magic Missile was supposed to day, "Any bonuses to the damage of the spell are only added once for each ~~target~~*casting of the spell*."
&gt; uh...who are 80% female...not which. That's subjective. What if I wish to strip Kapernick's shoe-makers of their moral standing as humans? Then, I would use *which*, not *who*. OP is correct.
I think this comment is making the same point that Ricky Gervais made recently at the Golden Globes. If you get are getting rich off of the labor of sweatshop workers, then that seems like the moral problem you should be talking about. That is a moral problem that you can fix.
Not *every* international workers movement, but some workers movements are good yes. A worldwide union of workers that worked to guarantee employers paid the amount they promised, that, would be good. A worldwide union of workers that worked to bring back the USSR would be bad and that bad would offset the good.
I like Football more than I like politics. I wish Kapernick would focus on football, stop talkign about politics and avertising for Nike, and focus on working with the rules of the NFL so he could play NFL football. Either that, or join another football league.
Oh, I didn't realize Kapernick was criticizing the decision to authorize a missile strike on Iran. I only saw the tweet posted by OP. What is Kapernick's opinion on the recent missile strike into Iran and whether or not Trump's justification was valid under the circumstances?
I am trying to make sure every person has their full rights, that no person or group has more rights than any other person.
I thought he was talking about historical examples of imperialism. There must be more tweets than just that one, where he explains the meaning of that tweet. That tweet seems to be focused on what happened in the past.
That guy is also accused of grooming several underage girls. It looks like Chris Hansen (to catch a predator) interviewed one of the girls.
&gt; I didn't think refusing to stand for the anthem was political. I did as I think the national anthem and the pledge of allegiance are the most political things most people do. (as the majority of the country does not vote)
Yes, of course, and the government shall not infringe on that right. Because it is so very political it is even more important that the government not infringe on that right.
Sharing an opinion is a legitimate role of government. Infringing on our rights (even for our own good) is not a legitimate role of government.
Of course, you can put any restrictions that make sense. I have a question, where does the Outsider live?
I'm not sure what that means so I will restate my position. Sharing his opinion is a legitimate act of government. Infringing on our rights (outside of a temporary, national defense, emergency) is not a legitimate act of government.
This spell lasts 10 times as long as shield! Also, for the last 9 rounds, it can stack with shield, giving your Wizard, 23 armor class while also allowing him to cast spells. Yes, it is crazy expensive in terms of gold, but that makes it a *situational* spell. I think expanding the Wizard spellbook with situational spells is a good thing.
&gt; The opinion of the president can carry a lot of weight. I agree with that statement, but still stand by my earlier statement as well. I actually wanted the office of the President to state their opinions much more often, beginning with George Bush's first term. I think it is refreshing to see a President who tells us his opinions because it tells everyone the motivations for his decisions. This is especially useful when the President is wrong as it allows us to criticize his or her position and (hopefully) change his or her mind.
I prefer consuming the armor over consuming the gem so that the strongest version of the spell costs more than weaker versions. (Cost of Platemail vs cost of anything else). Also you don't want to be stuck in that armor after you stop being proficient in it. If the gem costs 100GP, but was still consumed, it still wouldn't be overpowered (because platemail is so expensive). If the gem costs 100GP and ringmail costs 30GP, then you are spending 130GP for a single-use item that can cast *mage armor as a reaction*. That's pretty sweet. I would add that you can only have one of these gems at a time and change the text to say *as a reaction when you are attacked* to keep it in line with all other reaction spells which have to have a triggering effect. Overall, this idea is really cool and fits my very weird homebrew campaign where one PC can only get stronger by finding new spells.
It's still possible for that to happen for 5 (or maybe even more) reasons that do not have to do with CR being meaningless. 1) Your party had more treasure than the guidelines suggest or was lucky with treasure 2) The Lich was not played appropriately. A Lich will only face a party after they have been worn down by a series of deadly traps. 3) The Lich didn't care about dying or even wanted to die so that he could come back at his phylactery. 4) The Lich was not played intelligently. For example, if a creature gets in melee range of a Lich, the Lich should paralyzing touch the creature and then Dimension Door 500 feet away. 5) All of that was considered, but you got lucky on every dice roll, including the one to counterspell the Lich's Plane Shift that it used when it felt like it could lose.
&gt; . Would it be better or worse to make all playable races that are NPC’s in a campaign based on actual character building? I usually make my homebrew bosses have PC levels so players can see what options are there. Overall, having NPC's have simple stat blocks makes the game much run smoother and be more fun to play.
I'm wondering how many uses of stunning strike a CR 3 NPC might have? He's already got 3 attacks...
Why do they shoot in pairs?
&gt; you don’t shoot at planes that doesn’t answer IFF interrogation in an airspace that isn’t free of civilian traffic. Maybe *you* don't, but maybe Iran does.
Maybe there was a human right's group who was on that plane?
Can't argue with him, it's *science*.
Maybe Trudeau will demand this of Iran?
Whoa! The United States has shot at a plane that didn't answer IFF interrogation! And the plane was following normal civilian traffic *over Iranian airspace*!. I'm glad I am now informed on the subject and do not errantly believe that this doesn't happen.
&gt; a woman on her period cant pray. I didn't know that. Why not?
I'm not familiar with this. What about the Constitution do they disagree with?
A raging Half-orc Barbarian could fall from from space and only take maximum 60 damage. With average HP and no CON modifier, a level 4 Barbarian still and walks away from the fall.
If they're on the Sword Coast, [Skullport](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Skullport) is basically a whole black market city. Law enforcement for Skullport is just some flaming skulls that don't speak and sometimes execute people in the streets with fire. Also, I like these [random encounters for Skullport](https://old.reddit.com/r/d100/comments/9yx0rz/skullport_random_encounters/).
Being immune to *exactly Time Stop* is kind of broken?
Maybe if someone tries to cast Time Stop the watch counters the spell **and is destroyed**!
Iran would appreciate it if you refrained from "collaborating in Iranophobia".
Ya, but it's raging, so 60.
That's great and all, but then we can't cheat...
All the more reason to fix this problem. My state has done mail in ballots since 1983 with almost no national coverage about it. I think the reason we do not get national coverage is that we have only had 1 voting issue scandal since 1983 and it was relatively small. Most everything just works in our system, because our people want it to work. For reference, I'm more conservative and my state is very liberal and almost always elects 2 Democrat senators, but both parties here believe in the fairness of the mail in ballot system. I think [NCSL](https://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/all-mail-elections.aspx) has a fair breakdown of the mail in ballot system.
&gt; Raging only lasts for a minute, and falling from space would take longer then that. Then rage before you hit the ground.
&gt; Washington State has a crazy good election system and should be used as the standard for the rest of the country. I was just saying that in another thread. I live in Washington and neither party complains about the fairness of the mail in ballot system. Separately, we also have a petition system where elected officials have to either turn the petition into law or let the people vote on it via direct democracy. That's how we got legal marijuana, the elected officials voted "No" then the people voted "Yes". I do believe other states have a massive problem with voted fraud, I do not believe we have that problem in Washington.
&gt; there's really no way for voter fraud to be identified is there? I could go around to my friends and family, collect the ballots from everyone who isn't planning on voting and mail them in and no one would be the wiser. Honestly, I personally wouldn't care if you did that. People should be allowed to give their vote to someone else to cast it for them. Actually, I would prefer that system. You pick someone you know personally, someone you trust to investigate the political issues and they vote for you. That's basically representative democracy at the local level. &gt; to say there is next to no fraud is a bit disingenuous given how hard it is to detect currently. I very much agree.
This quote, &gt; Sorry, are they attacking the same Boy George who, in the 1980s, basically laid down across cultural barbed wire so that gay and lesbian folks could be more open about their identities? Is a statement of fact and a question. The statement is true. This quote is not an argument. You implied it was an argument.
&gt; Just because someone is a pioneer for gay rights doesn't mean they can't be transphobic. Who disagrees with you? you're the only one making that argument. Show me the quote where someone else made that argument.
That's not an argument, an argument has a claim and a reason for that claim.
&gt; You're claiming that he didn't intend any meaning whatsoever from this statement? No, I am not, that is not correct. That is another strawman. &gt; God, you guys are such cowards. Emotions and namecalling aside...
&gt; they attacking the same Boy George Yes. Some people feel that Boy George is "expressing a range of negative attitudes, feelings or actions towards people who do not conform to society's gender expectations". The people making this claim are likely making this claim because Boy George referred to the pronoun issue as "attention seeking". Do you think it is inappropriate to call Boy George transphobic, if so, why? Does the fact that Boy George has focused his whole life's work on not conforming to gender expectations mean he is not transphobic?
The thing is, there was no argument to address, so I will make one. *It is inappropriate to name call Boy George with the label "transphobic" because Boy George is clearly not a transphobic person.* The claim *Boy George is transphobic* is a claim about the whole person, not just one comment he made, so we should look at the whole person to determine if he actually is transphobic. A transphobic person is someone who feels fear, aversion, hatred, violence, anger, or discomfort felt or expressed towards people who do not conform to society's gender expectations. Boy George has dedicated his professional career to not conforming to society's gender expectations. While failing to conform to society's gender expectations, he has expressed comfort, not discomfort. I appreciate your efforts to tone down the name calling, but still, your comments are mostly just insults and I think that is inappropriate behavior as well. Insulting people on the internet is inappropriate because it is disrespectful and unproductive. For example, insulting me will not lead me to change my mind. When people insult you, does it help you change your mind?
I'm giving you an argument to address. &gt; It is inappropriate to name call Boy George with the label "transphobic" because Boy George is clearly not a transphobic person. See my reasoning in the last comment.
That's what I got too. I hope no one made the opposite assumption, because that would be inaccurate.
How did elections work in America for our first 7 Presiidents? I allege that it was very similar* to the system I described and featured very weak political parties. *Similar does not mean exact.
Is there a correlation between high employment (like we are experiencing now) and a drop in the suicide rate? Does high employment save lives?
Interesting, I'll keep asking around.
Is low pay the same as no pay when it comes to suicide?
Interesting, so in that case, it is better to not be employed?
Science is a *learning process*. Mistakes are part of any learning process. Good on her for doing the right thing and fixing her mistake.
I would agree that training is a better use of your time than working for $8 an hour. I would also argue working for $8 an hour is a better use of my time than watching TV.
Someone did make a really good remake of Morrowind with really great graphics. I forget what it's called...
Yes, if it's not an emergency.
Everything I do is heroic because I'm a hero. Need that village razed? Ok, I will do that heroically, because I am a hero.
Killing lots of enemies in the army has often been considered heroic. Even in Nazi Germany. In DND, there are tons of communities far worse. In DND for example, there are many cities that worship "evil" gods. Many of them being monsters known for their ability to kill humans.
It's a bot response. It goes like this, "[expletive], you [unlikable type of person linked to conservatism], really are [negative adjective]."
We're already there in terms of climate change. Al Gore's "An Inconvient Truth" came out in 2006.
Awesome. Noblar- Does cure wounds use up a spell slot? If not, how many times can you use it? Hellish Form- Make it simple, cross out "gain all abilities associated with" and just leave "under the effects of polymorph" as that gives you all abilities. From One Many - This is a nitpicky thing, but do demons sign contracts? Do they keep them? Maybe the replace the words "other deities" with "other powerful beings"? Or not, that's just a flavor thing!
Cool! 1. The eldritch invocations for Warlock give wording for adding spells that way that you probably want to copy for consistency.
How often though?
Why did the jury believe the cop?
What do you mean? There is money missing and one of your councilor has it?!? That sounds like theft!
You should have to cut your way out!
RCP aggregates both conservative and liberal polling, as if both sides are legitimate. (They are). But, RCP is still including those polls that were wrong in 2016.
That's a good point.
Well sure, but the point is a lot of these existing genetic factors are known before you have a baby. So it's more like there are 2 modes. Those who have a known pre-existing genetic condition and those who do not.
That illegal immigrant was very dangerous. I am glad they were unable to continue providing him sanctuary. I hope he gets deported and goes to jail.
The impeachable offense in this case was investigating Joe Biden. Democrat politicians do not approve of investigating corrupt Democrat politicians.
You are correct, he is not an "immigrant" because he is not "a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country.". He is being deported.
I am using something very close to these in my game. I didn't think to have the frost sword grant resistance to frost damage, nice touch!
I can tell you how my campaign went, although it doesn't seem very relevant to what you are trying to do. The party was able to discover that the Lich's phylactery was disguised as a simple crystal potion bottle. When they planeshifted to the Lich's lair, they found a small windowless-room, filled with shelves that had 200 identical crystal potion bottles. They detected that these bottles were filled with poison, but correctly assumed one was the phylactery. The Barbarian entered rage and smashed every single bottle, destroying the phylactery (and the Lich) and dying to 200d6 poison damage from the gas that was released. Barbarians don't fuck around, they smash things. The Wizard found notes on how to become a Lich and used the recently deceased souls of her party to complete the ritual.
Why do so many countries get special deals?
Do we know?
Wait, they injected THC, which is known to harm fetuses, directly into fetuses? How do you get something like that past the IRB?
Correct, there are people with every political belief (even socialists) who are struggling to find and speak the truth. EDIT: Struggling is good! Struggling means you are working hard at something that is difficult. Struggling means you are working hard to try and do something even though you often fail. I have an immense amount of respect for someone who is struggling to find and speak the truth.
&gt; the Ozone depleting emissions were curbed through the Montreal protocol in 1989 which used a cap and trade emission scheme which has been the most successful global cooperation by far and a textbook example on how international conventions should function. I'm not trying to argue against you here. I remember all the talk of the ozone layer being depleted back in grade school in 1998-1999, why is that the media no longer talks about this?
Struggling is good! Struggling means you are working hard at something that is difficult. Struggling means you are working hard to try and do something even though you often fail. I have an immense amount of respect for someone who is struggling to find and speak the truth.
&gt; Because we listened to the scientists I don't agree, the other person said we instituted cap and trade, which is not the field of climate scientists. It is the field of economists. If the climate scientists are recommending cap and trade, then they are recommending something that is outside their field of expertise.
Sounds like Aaron Rodgers needs to learn to play defense.
Who designed the cap and trade system? The Smithsonian says it was "a strange alliance of free-market Republicans and renegade environmentalists". I'm all for doing that again. Let's put the renegade environmentalists and free-market Republicans in charge of fixing the problem again. It actually worked really well the first time we did it. In fact, the cap and trade system is the best example we have of successfully addressing a global environmental issue. The Smithsonian also says that economists came up with the system "British economist Arthur Cecil Pigou." and "economist John Dales" and of course, Republican president, George Bush Sr. and "conservative multimillionaire Boyden Gray", a lawyer by trade.
They listened to "the scientists" to identify the problem and [they listened to "free market Republicans" to design the solution.](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/the-political-history-of-cap-and-trade-34711212/). I think what worked before, may in fact, work again.
What would you suggest?
I am confused as to which part of my comment you disagree with or agree with.
&gt; See: literally every human caused extinction ever Can you give me a couple of examples of this so I could look into them?
I'm just glad the free-market Republicans and renegade environmentalists were able to team up and fix the hole in the ozone layer. When I was a kid, (1998), the hole in the ozone layer was expected to cause major damage to human life. At least that's what I was told in government school.
Interesting, I had heard of the dodo extinction. The reason I was talking cap and trade is that it's the best example of humans taking action to successfully fix a global environmental disaster. I think careful planning, combined with government action is necessary to combat environmental threats, I think cap and trade worked to prevent a global environmental disaster.
Another great trap!
We could also go back to 1974 and have no Department of Education.
&gt; feel free to use in your own campaign. I usually do, I can do so much with a good piece of art like this.
Great idea!
I think these promiscuous women are very vocal in saying "most normal women are promiscuous". I think they do that to protect their identity as "promiscuous women". Amy Poehler would be an example of that.
If you are making the argument that a large police force causes a low homicide rate, then I would disagree. Cities like Chicago have very high homicide rate, yet very high cops per capitia. Therefore, I reject the argument (if you're making it), that the number of police officers is the important factor in determining homicide rates.
I apologize, I should have cited my source to show that I am not just guessing or lying. https://www.governing.com/gov-data/safety-justice/police-officers-per-capita-rates-employment-for-city-departments.html is the source for my claim.
~~You can't cast Counterspell and Magic Missile on your turn because that would violate the one spell per turn rule.~~
Jeremy Crawford said it would be unbalanced.
A Trident should be considered a ranged weapon when you throw it. It's build to be thrown! I would allow it as DM.
Oh! You are right, I was wrong.
Sure, I agree.
Thanks!
**Do not read Michael (Rehl)** Here is my [in progress](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XFi4r_8MCkUYQzxCKzZ46DiJORV_42ia4BdXuhHyvUo/edit?usp=sharing) Druid Archvillian. I ripped off almost all of this from various sources online, but I will not use this for profit, so that is allowed. Because this is so excessively home-brewed, it is likely not balanced for the level of my party. In the case that she defeats the party, she will not kill them, but drag them back to her grove so she can polymorph them into beasts. This gives the party a chance to escape, if they don't escape, then I guess we have a session where the party plays an animals.
I totally agree with you, guys need to improve A if they want to get girls. Also, guys want to get girls.
I have to make sure you're paying attention, there will be a test later! ~Your 8th grade teacher
If you were playing for rating, your rating would go up and his would go down.
&gt; A non-consensual invasion of autonomy That's how I see it. It seems fairly unethical, but a lot of the PC's do is fairly unethical, so w/e.
It's satire when they get caught lying.
&gt; the results of elections cannot be trusted That's a scary, but interesting thought. Are Americans elections even legitimate? Has that ever been a concern before in this country? Obviously, it is a concern in many other countries...
Hilarious and fun. Somewhat vague though.
I don't know, I ran an impromptu Crash Pandas, that was pretty fun. There's also We Be Goblins which is a nice one-shot.
If they were using it to get around Congress, then they favored it, because they used it.
I play the DM can change any rule and my players seem to enjoy it. However, the "god" choices your DM is making are terrible. According to youtuber DM, Matthew Mercer, "fudging dice rolls is something you might do to help the party because you've made the encounter impossible". My players don't like when I make them weaker with a last minute rule change, so I don't do that. What do the other players in your group say?
Aren't the sockets worth more than the quarters?
*doubling its intelligence gives it more Wisdom than my PC! &gt; "I can just feel that zombie, sittin' there, judging me. Who is he to judge me? He's just a pile of flesh stitched together, he's a monster and I'm a real person, my life has more value dammit!"
[Here](https://imgur.com/a/Jq89SW0) are some options for Trollskull tavern. Unforunately, a forge wasn't one of the options, but this might give you some ideas. Actually, [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/kd5crhqxrzsqism/Options_for_Trollskull_Manor_v1.1.pdf?dl=0) is the dropbox for the whole pdf.
&gt; Peyton Manning was a “far better leader” than Roethlisberger. I hope my leadership skills are never compared to Peyton Manning's...
The Widow's Tear chemical has almost the exact same effect as my Homebrew Item"Devil's powder" which is a fine white powder with the same effects.
Wasn't this right after they relaxed the punishments on knowingly spreading STD's?
Balance is good, flavor is awesome, playability is perfect, except chessboxin' is a bit tricky to remember as a player. I'd like it if the bonus action version of vicious mockery costs more ki points and was more powerful to help me remember the difference between the two.
Maybe we should stop being polyphobic in this country. Stop oppressing poly-people. The church definition of marriage needs to go. Allow poly-marriages! If adults love each other, they should be allowed to get married.
&gt; i don't see it happening anywhere in the near future. For the exact reasons I cited, Polyphobes oppressing the minority group. We need big colorful parades!
If they're here illegally, you're basically deporting them!
Yes, when people are not given basic rights like marriage because one religious group disagrees with it, that is opression.
Oh I didnt put it online, I just used it for my game.
It is truly awful when babies die in the womb and I hope that never happens. Shame on her.
It is truly awful when babies die in the womb and I hope that never happens. Shame on her.
That's the old slippery slope argument that was brought out to oppose gay marriage. Humans are different from animals. Animals and fancy furniture do not have rights.
&gt; Animals and fancy furniture could have rights if we decide for them to have rights, I disagree and so did [Thomas Jefferson](https://pacificlegal.org/government-is-not-the-source-of-our-rights/), Thomas Hobbes, and John Locke. I will choose not to be rude, but I would like to point out the Declaration of Independence. &gt; We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, **that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights**, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. (Emphasis Added). Also, it is a [slippery slope argument](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slippery_slope) to say that allowing marriage rights to poly-people would lead to people marrying furniture because you are arguing that one thing leads to another.
&gt;the underlying motive for Tyranthraxus Perhaps he wants to control everything so that he cannot be destroyed, he still has yet to find the Blade of Lathander... Long term, he wants to control the mind of every being on the continent, and eventually control the mind of every living being on the Prime Material plane. &gt;b) what would a world run by shadowy investors look like? They would want to shut down any gold mines, silver mines, and especially mints making coins. They have to control the money supply to control the economy/government. Since they're evil, they have programs of indentured servitude and clever schemes to get people trapped in them. Things like the Circus in Pinocchio and college loans. Perhaps at a certain level of debt, you can sell control of your mind to get out of debt?
At what expense should we encourage creativity? What is the purpose of highly structured classrooms? In what situations would teachers feel more comfortable having less structured classrooms that foster curiosity?
&gt; male students' higher propensity to ask for regrades makes them financially better off only when the cost is low. Males are more likely than females to become financially worse off when the regrade cost is high. In reality, the regrade cost is very low ($0), meaning the system favors men.
We used to play that Barbarian can't ~~enter~~ end rage if there are any "combatants" he can see. That includes other party members.
In lots of other ways, the system favors females as well. But not charging to regrade, favors males.
Whoops! Can't end rage.
Right? We played 1st edition back in the day and all poison killed you if you failed your save.
To answer your only clear question, I think virtually everyone in this sub has met people before.
My point is, I don't understand what your real question is.
This looks great, but I'm not sure where the front entrance is. I think I see it now, you touch the egg on the prime material and get planeshifted to a similar looking shrine and egg in the elemental plane of fire?
&gt; Do the people who post on this sub realize that their opinions on the opposite gender are largely based on straw men that they seek out online? Well, that's a claim that you are making that some people probably disagree with. &gt; they massively discount how complex people actually are in the real world? Yes, that is part of the point of the red pill, that these issues are not as complex as people make them out to be. &gt; What I’ve come to realize is that most people know they’re overgeneralizing and picking easy targets to shit on because that’s what they want to do and why the fuck should I care? Sounds good to me.
Perfect, thank you.
I've been debating a house rule. At character creation, let each player pick whose stat roll they want to use. So if Player A rolls 16,16,12,12,10,6 then everyone can use those stats. I had a campaign end where after killing the BBEG, they ended up having to hold their breath until one of them died and it was kinda lame because the person who rolled low at character creation just automatically lost...
~~If a Simulacrum uses it's only 9th level spell slot to cast Wish and create another Simulacrum, doesn't the new Simulacrum now have 0 9th level spell slots?~~ Thank you to all the people that clarified this for me!
I think, ~~the Palestinians~~ Iran and it's puppets that control Palestine don't want a peaceful solution, because they hate Jews more than they love Palestinian children.
Oh I see now, the range is "touch", not "self", thank you! If I was Mystra, or one of the lawful gods, I would come down and destroy anyone trying to get infinite wishes.
I see, if I was Mystra, or one of the lawful gods, I would come down and destroy anyone trying to get infinite wishes.
&gt; until the halving of HP rounds down to 0 and your simulacrum comes out dead I never thought of that!
I would be a paranoid god. More like Zeus
Reddit quarantines conservative-leaning subs that have too many comments inciting violence. It seems they do not have this standard for far-left subs. This does not necessary indicate a ideological bias. As a slightly conservative-leaning person myself, I'd rather be punched in the face by a liberal, than by a conservative. Perhaps, Reddit realizes that crazed conservatives are more dangerous than crazed liberals and is acting accordingly.
&gt; Depends on if they continue to advocate hate or not. Like T_D, This is not accurate. Reddit is alleging that users of T_D too often post "Content that "encourages, glorifies, incites, or calls for violence or physical harm against an individual or a group of people", or that shares personal information". The difference is, Reddit is not threatening a ban for "hate speech", but for "inciting violence".
Inslee wears suit every day. Every day. Therefore every thing he says is the correct conclusion of all available science.
That's gotta be a call to violence. Is Twitter liable for this?
Shouldn't everyone at the protests choose to get tested?
Ya, and I just think it's fine to have large groups of people on close proximity for a long time, as long as most of them wear masks.
Ya, I think after George Floyd incident, protesting the government became more important than COVID-19. Before the Floyd George incident, COVID-19 was more important.
I agree with what you said. The fear of COVID-19 is overblown.
I am saying it is ok to protest. People have many different political views. I would not attend an "open up" protest in Seattle, but you should not lose your right to assemble simply because I disagree with your political views.
Better get the contact tracing started. The government needs to create a list of everyone who protested the government?
I didn't see any pictures of any protests doing social distancing. It sounds like you've seen some of these pictures. I'd like to see on to see how it's done.
But who pays the price when we spread the virus? Is it fair to force them to pay that price? Just questions, not accusations.
Oh good, I am glad most people know that. I hope everyone who went to the protest quarantines themselves in their home for 14 days.
On one thing we can agree. The government should not ban protests they disagree with, regardless of the situation. The people always have the power to protest, the government has limited power, and one of those limits is that they cannot shut down peaceful protests.
I wish there was a bigger movement for my cause which is limited government and less police. I am totally against a police state, which you say is right-wing. But, I don't want a bunch of laws in place to control our lives either.
While they have worked with ISIS to commit acts of terror, their skin is white, they can't be targetted in the same way.
Every single person I asked told me the killing was wrong. I think that's how everyone feels.
No, most people do not know the difference between right and wrong. I know this because I asked them
You don't think the protesters will do the responsible thing and quarantine themselves for 14 days? If they don't, they will spread the virus and kill lots of people. SOURCE: Science
No one has actually bought it because it's not for sale anywhere.
The 1st Amendment protects your right to "Assemble". That can't be done remotely.
That's not right at all. Under that logic, banning protests could be done because it was "for the welfare of society at large". All restrictions of freedom have been attempted with that argument. That's now how American government works.
&gt; it basically can say that the interest of public health is more important that first amendment rights to stop this virus. No, that is not how the Constitution works. At least, that's not how the Supreme Court has interpreted the Constitution historically.
You can't "assemble" from home which is what they are doing. The right to protest isn't in the 1st amendment. You have a right to peacefully assemble to discuss issues of governance or to get the attention of the government.
Oh I see, we are talking about two different things. I agree with you, that quarantine laws are generally legal. That is, you can *isolate* a group of people and require them to not leave an area for the purpose of stopping a disease from spreading. But, I was talking about *first amendment rights* and their suspension, Compagnie Francaise de Navigation a Vapeur v. Louisiana Board of Health (1902) does not deal with the 1st amendment. So, we just ended up talking about 2 different things. It's all good, man.
Maybe I'm wrong, maybe I don't fully understand the rules.
*If* the surge of protest attendees seeking testing hits. Did anyone even recommend that protesters get tested? I didn't hear it from Inslee or the DOH.
Yes, but who listens to the mayor?
There's only been 100K tests total in King County since testing began. How many more people need to be tested if we're testing everyone who went to the protests?
Seems balanced enough for me. Do the Channel Divinity options use an Action or a Bonus Action or are they a Free Action? With Immortal Defences, do I gain Dex bonus to AC when not wearing armour?
Because of that, you can have immunity to non-magical bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage without upsetting the balance too much. I'm a DM where one party member is a Lich with *immunity* to non-magical bludegeoning, piercing, and slashing damage. We're 6 sessions in. It has come up once for very little effect. The Lich has already died twice.
Healthcare and education started out as private businesses and have since become more government controlled.
Right, your options may be: be unemployed, or work for less money in worse conditions.
That is some very interesting data that white people very much want to bury. White Democrat policy is what they can do "to" blacks, not what they can do "with" blacks. Based on this data, only blacks could vote, they would expand Charter Schools. White Democrats are lucky they are the majority and can vote against what African Americans want.
What's the difference between the two things? I think it's cool as well.
If you have a point, then make it. You're not doing any good coming into this forum and mocking the people here.
Ya, the US has passively accepted that people must die for police reform.
Coronavirus is going to less than 1000 people from here on out. More black people die from the police each year.
What do you mean about cops? I thought cops were staying out?
The words painted on the entrances seem to imply that it is no longer a part of the US. Would anyone mind if I spray painted "still part of Seattle" on the barricades?
Oops, that wasn't directed at you. :)
Razism
Gotta have black people in charge. That's more important that logic, ethics, or values. That's what #Blacklivesmatters means.
I've been trying to get down there to re-paint the barricades so no more people get confused about this. The barricades should read "you are *not* leaving the US". I think that would fix some of the confusion.
This is the peak culmination of everyone supporting #Blacklivesmatter on Facebook and such. You should get something for it before you just pack up and go home.
This serves the black community. In Texas, high school football is a huge opportunity for black football players to get football scholarships.
Who is Rantz?
I really like the idea of buying gold coins. Then have a friend sell them to the coin stores in amounts less than $10,000 to each store. Then, report the coins lost.
It's great, the mayor issued a city-wide ban on carrying guns in public, but the people of CHAZ continue to open-carry. These people know the importance of guns.
Without borders, you remain subject to whoever claims that territory. How can you have a "zone" without borders?
Ya, it's such a weird thing.
Did the police go back into the precinct?
Nice, why make these people go back to work? What is the downside to letting people keep these raises?
&gt; The folks working are the ones How? Isn't all the bailout money debt? It doesn't come from taxpayers, right?
&gt; how do you think the government pays down their debt? I didn't think the government paid down that debt. I just figured it would be a problem for later generations, people that aren't me...
You say it's legal to open carry under Washington State law, but didn't the Mayor of Seattle ban all weapons including guns? [https://durkan.seattle.gov/wp-content/uploads/sites/9/2020/05/0898\_001.pdf](https://durkan.seattle.gov/wp-content/uploads/sites/9/2020/05/0898_001.pdf)
According to the moderators in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/CapHillAutonomousZone/comments/h9hr7u/car_tenders_owner_explains_how_chaz_is_ruining/). "Chaz Security" detains people who break the law.
&gt; You’re actually already paying for the debt crisis that really took off during the Regan administration. That seems unfair, I wasn't alive then. That makes me want to try and not pay taxes if I can get away with it. &gt; a complete cut in all gov funding Does that include welfare checks? What are those people going to do? Is anyone trying to prevent this from happening?
Well, that would depend on context. If "some protesters in Seattle" did it, then that would be kidnapping. If "Chaz Security of the free nation of Chaz" did it, then that is government violence. Government approved violence is never "kidnapping" because the government defines kidnapping.
Why is that police do nothing to help the taxpayers?
Is there any meaningful difference between "CHAZ security" and "not CHAZ security"?
&gt;they have the consent of the governed. How do we know that? I have seen videos of some of the people living in CHAZ stating explicitly that the occupiers do not have their consent.
It's my understanding that police *usually* show up to crime scenes. So the idea that they do "nothing" can be rejected. Instead, you could say, they don't live up to certain standards.
It's my understanding, that the mayor believes she is doing the protesters a favor by keeping the police out. Is that not the case?
That's a great question. I was not aware that police were doing nothing for crimes in the whole Capitol Hill area.
Does that mean there's no more "CHAZ security"???
You guys gave up a lot of territory when you got the concrete barriers, is that correct?
Ya, I do think it's good to have people exercising their right to be armed. All of Seattle should allow this.
Oh, I see. So protestors are still occupying the same area? Also, am I correct in saying the concrete barriers cover a smaller area than the old barriers covered?
What are they building besides relationships?
"Because it's embarrassing to the left" is the answer to both your questions. Fox News covers it to embarrass the left. MSNBC chooses to not cover it because they don't want to embarrass the left.
I see. That is what I thought had happened. Thank you for clearly stating the facts.
I think you replied to the wrong comment as what you said does not answer either of my questions.
That's a good point. I know they didn't detain that guy. But, the protesters at CHAZ like guns, especially AR15's, so they won't stop the guy who was doing that.
With fast food chains, often there is no upper management. It's owned locally and Corporate only comes in occasionally to check compliance.
It's the "Summer of Love". People got the chance to break quarantine and they took it. I'd do the same if I lived there.
I like the "early life" and adolescence" Background ideas. We use to do that as a Homebrew rule in 1st Edition.
Because every inch of America is protected by Sheriffs, I like the idea of getting rid of city police deparments. Leave the Sheriffs and force them to focus on violent crimes. Let stuff like selling loose cigarettes or cutting hair without a license go. Don't send police to deal with that. Don't deal with at all. This would reduce the number of police interactions, which in turn, would reduce the number of *violent* police interactions. It would also reduce the number of police needed.
Let's start with people who shouldn't face any kind of police violence. People who should be allowed to live their lives. For example: selling loose cigarettes, cutting hair without a license, drug possession, drinking alcohol at age 18, mental health counseling without a license, voluntarily working in any situation, and many more. These people aren't hurting anyone and the police, with less funding, should leave them alone to focus on murder, rape, theft, assault and other violent crimes.
The real point of CHAZ is the opportunity to ignore the statewide restrictions put in place by our Governor. If they start restricting people by making them wear masks and stay 6 feet apart, then what even is the point of CHAZ. They *want* a society where people can't force you to wear masks or social distance.
Ya, it seems like congregating in large groups *outdoors* is fine.
Exactly. Congregating in large groups *outdoors* does not cause a spike in viruses. That's why outdoors sports like Football and Baseball can bring fans in to their outdoor stadiums and be fine.
People were six feet apart?
If the President wants to prove "deprivation of Constitution ally secured rights", he could ask a group of religious conservatives to schedule rallies there. I think the protestors in CHAZ would use violence to prevent the rally and that would be it, right?
There's black police and black conservatives too. But, BLM obviously doesn't support them. Go the BLM Facebook page and talk to their leader or just look at their stated goals.
Sorry about the racism he forced you to experience. I wish people like him would just treat everyone equally
Interesting, I wonder if someone can be held responsible for these protests?
I can't answer those questions. I have no evidence that the police wanted the protestors to burn down a police station. Do you think the AR-15's are one of the reasons things have stayed peaceful?
&gt; As a whole you're all fighting for one common goal. What is that goal? Why did you say "you're" and not "we're"?
What should if you resist arrest after selling loose cigarettes? I think the cops shouldn't even try it arrest people for these things.
With the exception of the mentally disabled, every American adult should have the right to decide for themselves what kind of goods and services are safe for them. If an adult disagrees with you on mental health counseling, then you can use your words to disagree with them. We don't need the police arresting people over that disagreement.
Doctors in America have huge amounts of student loans to pay off, so they are going to charge more.
Huh, I didn't hear any whistle. How come you can hear it and I can't? Is it only certain types of people that can hear it?
Oh, what is his "one common goal? If you know.
I agree.
I still don't understand or hear anything racist. Maybe you could answer my questions so we could get on the same page.
Not sure what that means either. Perhaps you don't understand how dog whistles work? So, a dog whistle is a whistle that only dogs can hear. For those who are not dogs, they do no hear any sound. A "racist dog whistle" works in a similar fashion. Only racists can hear anything racist in a racist dog whistle. For those who are not racist, we don't hear anything racist. In fact, we don't even notice, only racists can hear a "racist dog whistle". Therefore, if you wish to remain a hidden racist, you should not admit to hearing the "racist dog whistle". Admitting that you hear a racist dog whistle outs you as a racist.
That is exactly the correct explanation in every way.
You probably do know a lot of racists, I believe you. But, among the real people I know, less than 1% are racist. It's ok for us to have different experiences and social circles.
No, it's antecodtal. My point is, we both have antecodtal experiences that we are drawing from. If you want to look at scientific data I suggest looking at the Implicit Association Test and the Implicit Association Training research that was done. Especially the Noffian study.
&gt; how you could possibly calculate the amount of racism in people Harvard created a test to measure unconscious racism decades ago. It has been widely used. It is called the Implicit Association Test. Over 500 studies have been done using it. The conclusion was that it is better not to talk about unconscious racism or "Implicit Bias". However, for explicit racism, that can be measured by behavior, there is virtually no evidence that more than 1% of the population engages in explicit racism.
A lot of that sounds like stuff Hitler could have said.
I don't know what you mean. I'm talking about what they *want* to do. Are you talking about what they *should* do?
Oh, I see. You weren't talking to me. Have a nice day.
There are many legal moves on move 1.
&gt; why is that just not considered a loss? No one knows how this rule came to be. It just is.
I would like to know when it was decided that a stalemate is a draw and who made that decision.
Behold Pelonite, the mighty 6-winged Kobold Priest of Pelor!
It's so muddled and inconsistent that it is hard to even explain, but I'll try. They think that non-trans people have the "right to have other people agree with them on what gender they are. For example, I have a penis and can impregnate females. I think/know my gender/sex to be male/man. A trans person might say, "I know my gender/sex to be female/woman". They want the "right" to have everyone agree with that claim, if that trans person has a penis.
That's jumping the gun a little bit. But, the rules of American Football are constantly changing. A touchdown was once worth 1/4 of a point, 4 points, 5, points and then 6 points. In 1994, the NFL added the ability to score a touchdown on the point-after-attempt (known as a two-point conversion). Another NFL change that seems likely is the ability to, after a touchdown, not even give the ball back to the other team, but instead keep the ball on a 4th and 15 play.
That's a very good point.
In our campaign, one of the players is a (homebrew) Lich. She is not evil by rule, but she can only heal through spells that drain life such as Vampiric Touch. This frequently puts her in a situation where she can either A) do evil *or* B) remain at low HP. So far, she has chosen evil every time.
You're right, of course, that schools would have to pay for masks. I'm just surprised that your schools are worried about spending money on masks. It seems like they could get a lot of masks donated if they asked for them. How many charities or parents would be willing to donate masks?
I live in Yakima County and know many people who refuse to wear masks. I can explain their reasoning if you want in a DM message. I won't even bother doing it in the comments because it will just lead to a lot of harassment.
&gt; Autonomous Zones are explicitly not about fighting back against the state. What does that mean? The State did not approve this autonomous zone and is willing to fight to prevent it. So, is the autonomous zone just asking for permission to be autonomous?
To you, the science is all that matters. To me, getting people to wear masks is a higher priority than educating people on the science. Ethics is also a thing that matters to me. I wouldn't support 5 years in prison for not wearing a mask once. So, I have many things that matter to me. Perhaps, I don't understand what you are trying to say?
I like that idea and the timing makes sense. At a time when the government is restricting our freedoms more than normal, a lot of people would like a little more liberty.
