The AFC sucks /s
Shea really didn’t have to go all the way to Michigan to have Alabama kick his ass
Going full villain re: Durkin I see. Not quite sure how I feel ‘bout it JJF could be a sneaky great hire
There are quite a few undertones here
Oh man Mike in Dallas could be great for dudes like this who clearly didn’t even watch that game
There’s no way at all DK is my surest WR prospect I’ve ever seen in person? Y’know, it’s admirable of you to tell me what my own actual opinion is
Barring catastrophic injury, Ja has it in the bag Jenkins may actually have been a savvy af hire too
Suddenly I am interested in All-Star weekend again
Napier outright refused to interview as far as I’ve heard from, like, people who actually cover college football and aren’t essentially in a cowbell clanging cult. But also hearing Napier is also likely the candidate for Baylor should they lose Rhule to the NFL. Regardless, it would be surprising to say the least for Napier to wind up in some maroon and white Adidas in Oktibbeha County this year
This would be really quite nice, but I’ll believe it when I see it
Ole Miss refers to athletics, all athletics, while Mississippi refers to the university and state it serves to attempt to educate
This is the best response in this entire thread
Dillon’s uniball worked! More importantly holy fuck is Ja good! So fucking good! And Jaren! Jaren is so fucking good! Our babies! Our beautiful beautiful babies!
With the dream of ~~the 90s~~ Edwards put to rest, fuck it, make the playoffs. Give our kids as much exposure as possible. Give Boston the worst pick we can. Pray Golden State has karma fuck them for tanking this season This home stand pretty much dictates how we move and shake during the deadline you’d think, and I’m pretty sure we’re way beyond our wildest hopes being in a playoff conversation currently. We have 2 blooming (super)stars, Brandon Clarke, and some other fun pieces, plus the idea of Josh Jackson!
$waggy P
I myself am kinda confused by this offense thing
Fuck it. Let Ja and Jaren start their postseason lives a season or two early. Give Boston the worst pick we can haha
Damn. Came into the league like less than a decade too late
I’m fine with the general point of this post, but hard hard no on DDR. We’re so close potentially to entering an era where we can actually get a SG who can reliably hit 3s
I feel like he could’ve been no better or worse than like most second to third big bench tweeners on many non contenders during the second half of the 2000s leading up to the rise of GSW
Dude’s in jail, and it was hacking the franchise that cheated hard enough to taint damn near the entire second half of the 2010s. The Cardinals were clearly trying to prevent a scandal that’s already tainted multiple pennants and at least two titles, and also they were merely trying to remind everyone of the importance of not using the literally exact same username and password when you go to a new job
So dumb. Sometimes it can be hard to tell, but, like, I feel it’s pretty easy to “read the room” on Reddit, especially on sports subs where everyone is a self-deprecating sarcastic asshole
Cough cough I see no wrong in hacking a bunch of cheats who ruined multiple years of a sport I love with their underhanded bullshitery Except yeah that was totally wrong and the dude who did it is in federal prison because Luhnow didn’t bother to change his login info at his new job. Pretty sure a pot can definitely call a kettle black, and the Astros’ kettle is much blacker than the Cardinals’ pot. The Cardinals merely had a FO dude do federal time; the sheer coordinated orchestration of the Astros cheating scandal has gotten two managers and a GM fired already, and all three dudes have a World Series ring or two on their fingers. Y’all fucked multiple years of baseball. Fuck the Astros. No coughs needed
Pretty sure it’s pretty well accepted that PEDs were bad but the home run race basically saved the sport, even while I absolutely view Roger Maris as the rightful holder of the record. I don’t consider McGwire, Sosa, or Bonds’ breaking of 61 legitimate because they cheated, so nice try there But yeah, everything y’all accomplished over the last half decade was built on a lie. From top to bottom. A fucking organization committed to highly orchestrated systematic cheating. It’d be different if it’d only been a few players or staff, but it was the whole damn franchise
For McGwire, or any roider, to be analogous to the bullshit fuckery the Astros did for MULTIPLE SEASONS, every player, manager, and staff member would’ve needed to be on roids Only fucking organization caught cheating from top to bottom. Fuck the Astros and any more weak ass analogies you still have in you
1. Delete 2. the 3. Astros
IS EVERYBODY PREGNANT OR JUST ME?!!?
Holy fucking shit
I like how we look like a video game in a good way sometimes. It’s fun. I like fun. Just clowning at times even though it’s only a 10 point game
What’s with all the Murray folk anyway?
I can’t believe it’s MLK Weekend and we’re realistically scoreboard watching re: standing microripples with this team. I love it! Even if we tumble down the ladder, we’re seemingly so far ahead of schedule
Memphis Grizzlies allows for so much better localized alliteration though: Beale Street Bears, Bluff City Bears, Grind City Grizzlies, etc. It’s ridiculous, but the Grizzlies as a franchise have always kinda been ridiculous. Grit n’ Grind was an antithetical throwback form of basketball, and otherwise, the Grizz have mostly been ridiculously bad. This year though, they’re ridiculously fun
Omri shamgod’d for this Excellent stuff. Low key hoping the incredible shitposting memery we had going on translates into full blown locally viral shit as the wagon train keeps getting larger and longer. We are the future. We are the children. Also probably lost it most at Dillon. The hesitation was perfect
Not great Bob
Damn we almost just doubled our total yards on that reception
Ugh King
I don’t understand why they don’t run every down against us
All three phases suck dick rn
I am sad
This game is beyond over. Hell, it was over when it was 10-0. We didn’t even get off the bus. What a letdown. I get we overachieved this season, but we don’t belong on the same field. Completely and wholly dominated in all three phases
We took him in the 5th though
Jaire be ok bby
I wonder what happens when a defense that's already playing horribly loses its most talented pieces?
***P A T H E T I C*** against the run
St. Louis Battlehawks here. Birds with swords
Healthy Seattle probably could’ve beaten us too
KaKaw!
28-0 run coming up in Q4 guys
WE NEED TO DO THAT MORE WHY DIDN’T WE DO THAT MORE?!!?
"Oh yeah we have the best TE in the game"
*S o f t* call
Well this fucking sucks
Gotta think that's maybe the final nail. Damn. Defense completely failed on the second biggest stage
Bold of them to leave Davante completely open. I like it. #MIRACLE MODE #[ ] OFF #[X] ON
Dillon lives in the Matrix. I mean this as a compliment
At least Leslie Odom Junior has got some pipes on him
Also no way they keep shooting above 50% from 3 even if we do keep leaving them wide open. We’ve gotta have some positive regression there, and they absolutely will cool down
Nope
Thankfully my bleeders were only $20 after fees. Was so excited finally to see Ja in person, and he’s been invisible. C’est la vie
I’m pretty sure any jersey with an ad-patch on it that wasn’t certified game-worn is automatically fake
The Grizzlies have yet to sweep a home stand of 5+ games or have a win streak of 8+ games in franchise history. Welp
Definitely at least do the Nintendo Online trial to get the NES and SNES classics (Super Metroid alone is well worth it) Retro: I’ve really liked Sonic Mania and the Castlevania Collection. Still need to get a retro controller, but they’re pretty much all I’ve needed so far outside of the (S)NES collections to scratch the itch of childhood. There are also some excellent retro RPGs available (Baldur’s Gate, Planescape Torment, etc.) Modern: Breath of the Wild very well might be the greatest AAA title ever developed. Super Mario Odyssey will give you the same rush playing Mario 64 for the first time gave you. Divinity II, The Witcher, and Skyrim are excellent ARPG options, while I’ve heard great things about Fire Emblem: The Three Houses as 2019’s best JRPG. Also have heard good things about the most recent Final Fantasy on Switch. Outside of Zelda and Mario, the other *essential* (especially for multiplayer sessions) games are Super Smash Bros. Ultimate and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, but I’m not sure how much multiplayer you’ll be doing with a Lite eShop indie standouts: Stardew Valley, Cuphead, Celeste, Dead Cells, Bastion, Transistor, Untitled Goose Game Nintendo, Square, Capcom, Sega, Namco, and Konami have also ported tons of their retro classics in general
I want nothing good ever for Atlanta, so I’m sad about this
Only $200k more...
Now that OBJ has had surgery, I’d for sure look at him if he falls
Yeah, crazy that Reece got Coughlin fired and wasted the rest of Eli’s competitive window. At least y’all got two though
Ending the half on the downside of a 23-2 run isn’t great
It was like this Monday. Don’t like it
Swap him and Marko
This was the best team we’ve played by far in over a month, on the road, where our youth absolutely was going to cool off after the win streak snapped. Learn from it, and hopefully we’re not hitting a wall
Engram is awesome, but it was too little too late to invest so much at skill positions (WR, TE, RB) when there was no chance of a functioning offense with that sieve of a line. Each one of those skill players is/was a stud, but, like, it made no sense to grab them to prolong mediocrity when a good OL and ok secondary would’ve kept that title window open for the entire first half of the decade. Can’t really say much as a Packer fan. We’ve sent more mediocre teams to the NFC championship than most others lately
I still can’t believe Dave Joerger doesn’t have a job, especially considering he lost his job because they could get Luke Walton
Is...is it though? Can’t help it that they’ve had one playoff win since Kennedy’s inauguration
It’s incredible. Even their worst teams will absolutely deserve to win at least one of the divisional splits every year. Probably should’ve won both games against Green Bay this year. Too bad they were the Lions though. Never had a chance considering they had to beat themselves, the referees, AND the Packers
They exist in spite of both God and man. Martha Ford wills them to be
We don’t even have a choice, but I’m ok with that
At least ESPN has gone ahead and ruled him out so I can ideally move PG13 out of IR next Sunday if he’s back
Thon Maker was born when Reagan was still in office. No way he’s 22
That was a fast slow break with a BEAUTIFUL lob. WOW!
Absolutely
Getting cooked by a skeleton crew in Detroit oof
#JAR3N 3XPLOSION
M3LTON
^jaren ^jaren ^jaren jaren jaren jaren Jaren Jaren Jaren JAREN JAREN JAREN #JAREN JAREN JAREN Tom Izzo should be in jail for how criminally he misused a 7 foot Steph
Great way to close the half after almost letting the quarter get away from us. We look so, so good on offense when we actually move the ball
Do you need ointment for that gnarly burn?
Good bot
I wish Dillon would pass more but I know he can’t because he lives in the Matrix
Casey’s been working the refs all night and they finally warned him with a tech
It’s not even surprising anymore
Considering we play here once a year, it is kinda surprising that we still haven’t won at Little Caesar’s. I guess we miss the Palace
It doesn’t help that Mike’s having his worst year since establishing himself as a premier player and Marc is just a roleplayer now
If Ja had hit that 360 layup... Great hustle by Melton there!!!
Biiiiiiig brain moves
Jaren 0 point quarter after 24 in the first half fuck I hate seeing it time and time again after great opening halves
They killed Grizz’s father and sold his mother to the circus
It is unforgivable how bad some of the calls on Jaren are, but that’s probably an offensive foul yeah First half - 24 points Second half - less by 24
I hope not. It’s not like there’s any extra penalty for fouling out, and if it’s close, we need our best three point shooter and shot blocker out there
The refs simply do not like the surname Jackson it seems
BC has such amazing awareness. So stupid he fell to 21 because of arms and age
Smh smh
T ^3
Woohoo Brandon convinced the refs to give it to him!
Jaren should absolutely be in the Three Point Contest
hIs ArMs
This is the way
JAREN PLEASE STOP FOULING AND CONQUER THE KNOWN UNIVERSE HOLY FUCK
Very well should be the closing lineup for most of the season
This game was scary as hell considering the hammer met the nail met the coffin at 1:00 to go
That was a terrifying game considering Memphis is at relative full strength (Ja is battling illness and Grayson Allen got banged up in the game) and Detroit had DRose, Reggie, and a skeleton crew
He's afraid of what he's allowed to be created
I do think Galloway is a pretty underrated bench piece, but injuries have just wrecked y'all. Even still, y'all outplayed us for a lot of long stretches tonight. Came down to the Grizz being able to use their talent advantage to close out the crunch time of both halves
In actual attendance or in ticket sales?
That is actual Fischer’s Law
I want him to come (back) to Memphis at some point on this or the next contract just to advise Ja on what he wished he’d been doing differently physically in his early 20s, not to mention he’d have immediate immense fan support and theoretically a budding playoff team to join. Not a contender by any stretch now or probably next year, but definitely a team that could use a veteran X factor utility guard in the future as long as he’s content with being a bench piece. Obviously seeing him becoming the missing piece at starting PG this year would be awesome though. Objectively, I hate that I’m suggesting it, but it’d be really fun to see him in the playoffs on LAL. Would hate the regular season of it though. Pacers could also be pretty great
Wow. This is some excellent stuff. If Melton can become a better distributor, he’s a perfect combo guard
Literally bought Celeste like two weeks ago on sale and played it for the first time two days ago and could’ve easily waited two more days
I am profoundly sad. Favorite player ever
I legit did not know sports could make me this sad
Should’ve postponed the games. Kobe would’ve wanted them to be played, but it just doesn’t feel right
Love Starter SlowMo. Great for facilitating
I straight up didn’t go to the game because I didn’t wanna be crying into a beer wearing a purple 8 jersey I’ve had since like 2002
Oh yeah, it would’ve been nearly impossible, but this also simply does not feel right. I feel like watching a millionaire break down on a sideline because of a friend, mentor, hero, etc.’s tragic death is also very much not in the spirit of the game
Brandon Clarke is good at basketball
\*81
Dammit I love it when the offense goes in fuck you mode
Oh my God
We do too. Refs suck. It’s part of the game.
I mean, his elbow clearly hits Anderson in the face and Anderson was standing straight up. Pretty textbook call
Damn y’all bitch a lot
Probably because he flailed back like the little bitch he is
Enjoy the L, so congrats
Bunch of bitches
The Suns got eleven more free throws and still lost thanks to the refs? Lmao k
I mean, FTs aren’t the end all be all, but the refs actually gave y’all a chance to win with the disparity, and bricking free points away cost you Yeah. I watched Ja Morant roast y’all like a bunch of scrubs
“Us? We never say mean things? Them? They are the scum of the earth who spare no moments saying awful remarks”
Suns fans started threads bitching about us and slandering the city. They’re a bunch of big mad soft little bitches, just like their hero Devin Booker
I’m aware. I was alive for it and listened to FM radio in 1997. Just saying it’s not crazy to think Kobe’s death actually affects more people globally on a personal level, which is especially difficult in an era where social media and information and entertainment in general present so much stratification of interest. Kobe is easily one of the biggest sports figures ever worldwide, but tragedy is not a competition
Saying it’s crazy is still seemingly trying to measure it though. This fucking sucks. We lost one of the all timers, and I’m sorry I tried to measure it myself
Not trying to pretend America is, nor am I going to delve much further outside of saying Kobe was one of the game’s greatest global ambassadors
Damn. Just damn.
LA tickets in general are just nuts to me. Even during the GnG era, I could find Western semis nosebleed tickets for under $50. Granted, the LA metro is only 15x larger than Memphis’, but it’s still seeing a Western Conference playoff product and stuff. Laker Magic comes at a clear price
Kobe was one of those people I was positive would somehow live forever. He seemed completely invincible. I know it’s a joke, but the idea of Cyber Kobe figuring out a way to win the 2347 championship for whatever franchise represents whatever LA is in the 24th century never actually seemed *that* insane. He was such a pure embodiment of competition, and that embodiment seemed immortal. Can’t believe he’s gone
Half the league was active today and every single team agreed to a clock violation in honor and memoriam. There’s not a single team that would refuse some sort of physical patch. It’s not even a “should” or “will,” as much as it’s simply “how?”
Nope
Kinda messed up of Jenkins to throw him in the fire too. Rookie head coach mistake seemingly
Yeah. Absolutely a no-win. It did seem like Marko was taking things especially difficultly though, and he’s a player who already needed to be put in better situations to help rebuild his confidence. Yesterday seemed to be the exact opposite of that and I just feel bad for him
This would probably be the only way I ever swap Tony Allen from my flair and I’d do it in a heartbeat
Give every team a Kobe flair
Please let this work
This is the right thing even though Kobe absolutely would’ve wanted the game to be played. If the players aren’t right, it doesn’t seem right essentially turning a Battle for LA into Kobe’s funeral
I think there are more graceful ways to move on from your quarterback since 2004, and the Chargers are not taking them for one of their best players
What a weird sub. Only 6 posts. 1 from nearly a half a year ago, and the other five from the last 2 days
The issue is I’m that person in two leagues and seemingly the only one affected in those two. Maybe they did save and the app is just being stupid per usual. So annoying regardless
Incredible win that we didn’t let slip away! Massive to hold onto that one. We might start to have the power. I am very aroused
Find Tony Allen’s email address
Shocking honestly
Seems like we can improve on both ends to see something we’ve never seen before. I love it
The Grizz were pretty much universally picked 15th in the West by experts, “experts,” and fans alike. Many didn’t expect them to win 25 games on the season, but they’re going for win 24 before January’s even over. If they win tonight against the Knicks, they’ll be .500 with some breathing room in the 8th seed and only 5-6 games back of freaking fifth in the West. If the Grizzlies don’t completely fall off, the race for playoff seeding/the final spots should be as wild in the West as ever The fact that he’s not consistently brought up even as a candidate sucks. So far this season, the Grizzlies have their best offensive rating in the franchise’s history, not to mention they lead the league in assists. Granted, Ja and Jaren are an incredible young duo, but it takes a good coach to get these 20 year olds to play the amount of actually winning basketball they have so far. If the Grizzlies make the playoffs and he’s not a finalist, it’ll simply be a joke
A win tonight in Madison Square puts them at exactly .500, at least 3 games up on the other teams vying for 8th. Considering the Grizzlies were pretty much universally picked last in the West (occasionally even 30th overall) and could possibly be above .500 on Valentine’s is nothing short of incredible. Most figured the Grizz would be lucky to win 25 games...
I’m clearly unbiased, and I think I’d take the Grizz
Jaren is already a better defender than Collins and 2 full years younger though
Josh Jackson’s first minutes as a Grizzly
If we keep him under enough wraps, maybe we can keep him on a respectable contract and convince him to be a part of the new shit
He has done everything
We have so much space. As long as he’s not wanting something absurd, we can even afford to overpay a bit to keep him
Ja Morant is the King of New York E: but he needs to start hitting his FTs again
Knicks are just Shaqtin’ now damn
#SELL THE TEAM #SELL THE TEAM #SELL THE TEAM
What a bitch move from Elf. Trade his ass to the G League
How is it Busch League for playing to 0.0? I’d be more pissed that my team completely stopped caring before the game was over
I truly feel awful for y’all. Dolan is so much worse than even the most preposterous shit we could say about him on the sub
Very limited minutes, but he got his first points, rebound, and assist as a Grizz. Still waiting on a FGM. He hasn’t practiced or even really done shoot around with the team yet, so I expect him to get eased into a potential role
The greater good
It’s only kinda BL because the Knicks weren’t trying. Crowder would’ve had no way of getting that ball if the team was giving a modicum of effort at that point. It’s dumb, yeah, but I’m also not gonna fault Crowder for hustling when the other team refused to. It sucks though. I truly feel bad for the Knickerbocker faithful
#FIVE HUNDRED I can’t believe it’s two weeks until the ASB and we might realistically be above .500 by then. Truly just shocked and amazed and thankful that I get to enjoy Ja’s RotY campaign with something even more at stake when we take the court. Just an incredible job by the organization to flip this shit around in two drafts I’m pretty sure our updated win total is still something we can hit by mid-March. I’m going to the book at Tunica. Free money at this point. Vegas’ loss is our gain
I feel bad for y’all for hitching your wagon to this sad affair. I don’t feel bad for Dolan. I feel bad for the people who are stuck rooting for his team. I don’t have to like the team or even want it to improve and still feel bad for the fans who’re putting up with this bullshit year in and year out...by their own volition
Cool. Likewise. Enjoy the Knickerbockers
Knicks reporter
Maybe, but at least my team isn’t the fucking Knicks lmao
I dunno what my intelligence has to do with the fact the premier team in the country’s largest city is arguably the biggest embarrassment in the NBA for yet another season, but whatever, enjoy it. It’s your time, money, and effort
If you could call what the Knicks do night in and night out basketball. Oh well. Enjoy your shitty team
I’m not sure why one of the richest people in the world would want to buy or own a team they effectively don’t actually own or control
It’d be like buying into a real estate opportunity vs owning the actual real estate. Yeah there’s money to be made regardless, but you didn’t buy into Malibu property when you could’ve just outright bought the Malibu property
Yeah, but what league into which this money buys in effectively limits the owner? Why would you buy into the NBA to flex when you have the money to buy elsewhere without the red tape? Out of the love of the game? It hasn’t necessarily helped many retired player/current owner situations so far
Seems like if anyone on the Grizzlies should be suspended, and obviously no one should, it should be Marko. He was the only player possibly infracting. Anything else is a fever dream memory
It would be such a sham. Zion can’t even play half the season at this point
Greekish Freakish
Plus, like, both MK8D and BotW (physical!) were on sale earlier this month. Those are two of the absolutely must-own first party titles
Fuck the NBA. What a bunch of fucks. Fuck the Knicks forever and ever
April First
*\*whisper screams*\* ^Zion ^can ^have ^the ^headline ^now ^when ^Ja ^gets ^the ^RotY ^headline ^later
Considering Luka and Trae shouldn’t even be in it, kinda. It’s not like Sexton is clearly snubbed though. Ja and Trae are clearly better players right now, and advanced numbers vastly prefer Graham to Sexton over the past two seasons
There’s more of a logjam at G. Over Herro, probably, but not over Nunn, and the others aren’t guards, which Sexton undeniably is
It also helped us get a new front office which was long, long overdue
Yeah. He was winning too many games singlehandedly haha
The Grizzlies are the only team .500 or better without an All Star, but at least 3/5ths of our 2023 championship starters will be in this game
I’m not sure how positions factor in, but I’m sure basic roster construction plays at least some form of role And I dunno. Sexton is a pretty high usage player who doesn’t in any way lead to winning basketball. He offers volume scoring from underrated range. He’s in a shit situation, yeah, but I’m not sold on the notion that he’s actually that good, and there’s way more need elsewhere on the roster than at 1-2, where there are already four guys on the roster ahead of Sexton 8 days a week, on a 10 man roster
It probably worked out for us, thanks largely to some incredible lottery luck last year. We waited too long to trade Conley and Gasol, but we sent them both to favorable situations and were able to assemble what seems so far like an excellent front office once we finally decided to put Grit n Grind in a museum and not on a court
If that’s the case, Sexton had no shot outside of a wildcard
Did Knox get added again and I missed it or something? Otherwise, Sexton is definitely behind Trae and Ja, and a lot of numbers prefer Graham and Nunn over Sexton too. Those are four guards on a 10 man roster more deserving than Sexton, but he probably should’ve gotten in over Herro
If you’re already an All Star, have you not already been showcased enough? You’re already playing in a much bigger exhibition game that weekend. I’d argue also that the rising stars game exists to expose up and coming stars to a wider audience, not just showcase the best, and if you’re already an All Star, you’re already getting the exposure the NBA is trying to get you
Hard co-sign. Completely unbiased
&gt;Buckle up. Timespace is about to get funky
If the Grizzlies can’t trade Iggy, I hope we don’t buy him out. He’s been completely unprofessional, and it’s not like the Grizzlies haven’t wrangled a possible playoff position without him. Let him actually take the season off despite collecting a paycheck if that’s what he’s going to tell any talking head who’ll put him on TV
And WestWorld!
That was without the Splash Bros this year too. Getting snubbed as a guard in the West is a rite of passage at this point
Golf Story can take an easy 10-15 hours if you like golf and preposterousness
Where can you even find it these days though?
A last resort, but also not necessarily the most convenient these days when my hard drives constantly seem full. Wish Netflix still had it
In that case, for God’s sake, kill Hitler!
&gt;The Memphis Grizzlies stand squarely in opposition to racism and injustice. We condemn all acts of racial violence. It is engrained in our culture and part of our ethos, and we are going to build on established initiatives in our community. &gt;With Memphis’s history as a backdrop, the Grizzlies have been the host and facilitator of some powerful discussions on the Intersection of Race and Sport in conjunction with the annual Martin Luther King Jr. Day Celebration Game. In the coming days, we will be collating and posting videos from the most recent forums and symposiums. Created in partnership with the National Civil Rights Museum, we hope making these meaningful sessions available will serve as a way to further educate and inform through the words and experiences of our Sports Legacy Award recipients and members of the NBA family. We will also will be working with the National Civil Rights Museum to facilitate and amplify conversations specific to this moment in time. &gt;We’ve been committed to the practice of mentorship since 2004, and in moments like these we want to create a safe environment where participants in our mentorship programs can have an open and honest dialogue with each other. As such, the Memphis Grizzlies and its community partners, including the Memphis Grizzlies Foundation, will in the days and weeks ahead coordinate a series of virtual sessions for our Mentors and Mentees to discuss recent events and their effects both here in Memphis and across the country. &gt;We looked internally to understand what additional ways we could support all members of our organization, and recognized that under our current time off policy, staff may have to make a financial sacrifice in order to exercise their right to vote. Knowing fundamentally that change happens at the ballot box, we’ve created a new category of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used specifically in order to vote so that during local and national elections our staff will never have to make a decision between voting or incurring a financial loss. &gt;Finally, we will work with the National Basketball Coaches Association and support the initiatives they put forward in our community. Very strong stuff from one of the most unifying entities in the city. Making MLK Symposium content more accessible is such a cool thing to have your NBA team do, and I hope other franchises will follow offering PTO to vote
Honestly, there’s no way to say before the 2020-21 season has even been addressed
How was this only 10 and a half months ago?!!?
RE4 for less than $20? Did Capcom finally decide a fifteen year old game should be reasonably priced at least *\*once*\*?
Wish these had been the launch prices. RE4 is fifteen years old. REmaster and Zerø are even older without any substantial improvements over the GameCube releases. Even RE6 is 8 years old at this point
With a rusty screwdriver covered in pig shit
One of a [few things](https://www.nba.com/grizzlies/news/statement-from-the-memphis-grizzlies-200601) the team announced today. So proud. Further access to MLK Symposium content is fantastic
Even the portable iOS version launched for $12.99 in 2009, over a decade ago I’d buy 0, REmake, 4, and 5 (6 kinda sucks though) all for Switch if they were actually priced appropriately and would therefore have sales that actually felt like sales. Hopefully this is at least the new sales price, but what a total bummer it is that we probably won’t see any of these go for $10 or less
It’s the definitive Switch title. That’s a completely lofted but warranted title
Imagine going into a coma in 2005 and waking up to Van Wilder and a member of the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants donating $200 thousand to benefit social change
That would be fair for sure as the basic price. $25-30 should probably be the retail especially since X-2 is only available through download and only with X. That’d be completely fair, especially with what Zodiac Age has been doing lately where $30 for the physical is seemingly the new standard price, which isn’t necessarily cheap for a PS2 remaster (and what I paid), but not unfair. Though, I’m not necessarily looking to throw more games in my backlog unless I feel like it’s a price I simply can’t ignore, which is why I want it to hit the threshold of my can’t ignore point haha. I played most of X with a friend back on the PS2, and I’ve waited this long to give it a solo run, so I don’t see the harm in waiting for a price that more competitively reflects what I could pay on other available platforms. I’ve definitely been Switch-first with my library since getting a Switch, but that doesn’t mean I should necessarily jump at what’s typically the most expensive version and least technically sound iteration of older games, especially when I can get it cheaper for my laptop where the only major difference would be a more complicated setup to play in bed with a much better screen
Nope and probably no reason to expect that to change as long as they’re selling with reckless abandon I’m probably just gonna get an 8BitDo for a better d-pad, but it’s really annoying how poor the ProCon d-pad is considering it’s not exactly a cheap accessory
Imagine thinking your college football coverage would somehow be better without Spencer Hall. SBN’s death groans are growing louder I’ll read whatever Spencer puts out on whatever platform he chooses. Part of me hopes it’s a book on gourmet gas station food and where to find it
r/tipofmyjoystick can probably help
r/tomorrow slowly leaking
For retro, outside of the (S)NES NSO titles, Sonic Mania is a near-perfect revision of classic Sonic (often on sale too). The Sega Genesis Classics Collection is 51 games, and at least 30 of them are pretty good, even more if the input lag doesn’t bother you that much. The Castlevania Collection is classic Castlevania. Dracula must die. Again. Also possibly the coolest retro gaming music There are a few Mega Man collections that are worth checking out if difficult action platforming is your thing too. Plenty of modern masterpieces available, but classics are classics for a reason
There’s a way to trick iOS into linking. Just google 8BitDo iOS Bluetooth for a few guides
With a giant rubber fist
Ah, well, I’m by no means trying to kink shame
Mo’ games mo’ money
The most likely way to avoid the play-in game requires us to go 7-1...
New Orleans twice and two of the top teams in the East The fix is in
If Portland goes 5-3 against an easier schedule, 7-1 will literally be the minimum we can go to avoid the play-in, against a pretty rough remaining schedule E: 6-2 actually
It’s on cartridge now. Will require around a 6GB Day 1 patch though
Portland has been injured to death and will have had months to heal. And I was basing my rationale on [HP’s playoff math](https://twitter.com/hpbasketball/status/1268252516203982848?s=21). I think it’s gotta be greater than 4, not greater than or equal to 4
Yeah I think Matt didn’t consider the half game. 6-2 against a tough slate could do it
They can sweep us for all I care as long as we go further than them
Boogie waited three years lmao
I just want to see Ja literally jump over a gigantic human being
That was because of a Target pricing mixup wasn’t it?
Go back to whining about how everything is so unfair to Portland in r/NBA
Yeah Matt Moore didn’t account for the half game and I didn’t think to question it haha
36 digital. 6 physical, but am waiting on some titles to go back on sale
It’s kinda bullshit that the Pels have gotten CP3=&gt;Brow=&gt;Zion. They’ve had a bonafide superstar pretty much their entire existence with jack squat to show for it
You’re right. It’s not complete and utter clownish entitlement to assume the Grizzlies would’ve fallen to 10th. It’s not like NOLA had just lost at full health to the KAT-less Wolves or that the Grizzlies also were down three of their top 6 players for stretches of the season. I love it when life imitates art
On the other hand, does it in any way actually benefit Washington to win any games in Orlando?
Does he also work for the entire rest of corporate America?
Hopefully he’s at least getting paid during these unprecedented times...wait, was “unprecedented times” his idea too?!
I know I think I’d prefer it if the Grizzlies hold the 8th I think Memphis has a decent chance of at least making it to the play-in game if nothing else. Will probably be against Portland or NOLA. Every time Memphis has played Portland or NOLA, neither team has been at full strength. A lot of it will probably come down to which players remained disciplined during quarantine and which didn’t since we haven’t seen the Orlando starting lineups for Portland or Memphis play at all this season
Good point
And this was his mindset when trying to pitch some woo a mere fifteen months ago I’m not crazy about exposing private conversations, especially only when it’s seemingly a convenient time to do so, but the content of a conversation shouldn’t be excused just because it was behind closed doors. Fromm’s dealing with the consequences of his own words
Ja Rule should’ve been a better artist just for this point in history
Yeah, those are literally the two biggest regular season days
[It’s definitely a new old thing](https://twitter.com/memgrizz/status/1268665076996804612?s=21)
[Chris Herrington](https://twitter.com/chrisherrington/status/1268661134946643969?s=21) seems to think he’ll be coming back If nothing else, I’d really appreciate having the veteran voice present, especially when we’re about to do some weird stuff
The thing I have appreciated about these ports is that they’re all typically the complete versions, DLC and all. The Switch is my first console since the 360, and PC seemingly usually sells the DLC separate even for older titles. It’s even better when it’s all on a cart
Vanilla Skyrim is still pretty fun, but man there are some great New Vegas mods
Praise be
The Zodiac Age gambit system in Final Fantasy XII lets you automate or otherwise fine tune tons of aspects of enemy encounters, but the encounters are all in real time
THE ONLY ANSWER
Fits a lot of the other tendencies with his online behavior too
Of those pictured, ZBo. Feel like he’d whoop ass and then we’d go get ice cream If I wanted an NBA player to be my bodyguard though, gotta go with James “Bloodsport” Johnson. Or maybe Wilt. Dude’s infinity feet tall and made of pure steel
I was very much under the impression IC was going to close regardless of corona
It’s sad that Vince is now retired, but it’s cool as hell that he’s going to end up first ballot Also always funny to me that the Grizzlies were doing that low scoring stuff well before getting to Memphis.
Maybe this will put an end to the countless “is KD coming back?” posts a day Oh who am I kidding no it won’t
I finally fully quit on JB after watching Jim Boylen coach utter circles around him the night before Valentine’s last year. And then it happened again exactly two weeks later. It was simply some of the least fun basketball I’ve ever forced myself to watch
Gotta give the edge to Los Angeles
His nickname is literally SlowMo
┳┻| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| _ ┻┳| •.•) Put the Grizz in the East ┳┻|⊂ﾉ ┻┳|
&gt;Just move the Grizzlies back to Vancouver already Never mind the fact that the Grizzlies have won more playoff games in Memphis than they ever won in a single season in Vancouver and have been in Memphis nearly four times longer than they were in Vancouver. At this point, Vancouver’s only real legacy on the franchise is the team name and the throwback unis. The entirety of the franchise’s success has happened in Memphis, the franchise’s home for the past two decades
Considering there won’t be a crowd, probably an advantage for Houston
Are you actually the starting power forward if you missed over half the season?
Yeah there are still multiple players who played 30 or fewer games
Proving to COVID that We Don’t Bluff. Love it!
Eh, I’m never gonna advocate for taking a team away. Ever. Especially not my team haha. Expansion over relocation every time. There are plenty of mitigating factors, but Vancouver was also last in attendance by the time they got relocated. Plus, with such a bright future and a chance at having a superstar for the first time ever in franchise history, it’s not crazy to imagine interest in the franchise is about to reach new peaks
Outside of the crazy outlier that is Dominique Wilkins, the Human Highlight Reel himself, Rudy, Kobe, Wes Matthews, and maybe Darrell Arthur, are the only wings I know who actually continued to have a solid career, and none of them were close to what they were pre, even if that’s still something solid. Boogie wasn’t close to his old self either, but was still something good before the same leg failed him again. He’s definitely going to come back, I just think expectations should be way more tempered for a dude over 30 coming back from a ruptured Achilles
Just seeing Ja as an option brings a slight tear to my eye
The issue is that Kyrie has averaged just under 59 regular season games over his 9 season career. He consistently misses too much time
ZBo getting suspended for Game 7 against the Thunder of the 2014 WCS
I was there in person when it happened and the mere thought makes my eye twitch
The eyes of Reddit are upon you
Does DoS2 offer cross-play with PC? Or is it just cross-saving. I’m probably gonna pick it up while it’s on sale, even though my backlog isn’t in need, but being able to play with friends who have it on Steam would absolutely seal the deal
So basically if your console dies after the eShop has been shut down, that’s all she wrote regarding your digital titles? That makes perfect sense, but would there be any potential for Nintendo changing that policy between now and the end of the eShop? I understand it’s also completely a digital licensing issue. It’s also why I’ve made sure the holy trinity of BotW, Odyssey, and Smash are physical. They’re the exclusives I know I’ll want access to a decade from now even if my current Switch dies
Microsoft has been radically relaxing their approach to exclusives though
Getting free games every month that are probably still full price on Switch, if they’re even on Switch, I think adds way more than the $40 price difference. It’d be different if Switch titles were more affordable compared to other platforms, but for $40 more a year, both PlayStation and Xbox offer much deeper online experiences and offer players a much, much broader gaming library than NSO
Divinity Original Sin 2 is on sale right now, but it’s way too long it seems Definitely a highly rated CRPG that supports up to 4 player online co-op though
Grizzlies. My first Grizzlies jersey
When can we reasonably expect the 2K Collections to be available digitally from non-eShop vendors?
Plus on the unserious side it is genuinely thrilling to watch Ja literally try to jump over a massive human
I can understand the physical not going on sale much since it’s both games, but why the hell do they never go on digital sale?!!?!?!!?
I’d throw in BotW as well. They’re the two killer apps. They’re must-own at whatever price you see
It and Undertale seemingly are never on sale. Pretty disappointing
I completely feel that. I played it for maybe an hour, put it down for a month, picked it up again, finally left the Great Plateau, and then lost 120 hours in the blink of an eye. I agree it definitely starts slow, but once I started to grasp just how much zany stuff happens in Hyrule, I got hooked
It hasn’t been on sale in nine months. It’s only been on sale 4 times total in the eShop! But it’s annoying that it was apparently in last summer’s sale, but not this one
If you have a Walmart in your area, they’re cheapest in-store there usually. $50-60. The 8BitDo SN30 Pro+ is usually considered the best ProCon alternative. There’s also an 8BitDo USB adapter you can use for Xbox or PlayStation controllers on Switch, but only docked. The screen protector, SD card, ProCon, and Satisfye grip slim bundle are the best things I’ve bought so far by far. The Satisfye bundle includes a decently sturdy travel case that fits the Switch with the grip and can hold 10 games. Most cases won’t be able to fit a grip otherwise, and a grip has made handheld playing go from a neat novelty to something I now easily do as much as docked If you plan on building any form of library for the Switch digitally, go ahead and buy the largest SD card you can afford
If you’ve never played it, this has been the digital sale price since launch in November ‘17. This is only the sixth time the eShop has had it on sale. This is the first time it’s been on sale this year. It’s possible it will go on sale again, and maybe even for cheaper, but its sales so far have been few and far between. I agree with the people who want to wait until something like Skyrim hits $20, I just feel like they might be waiting the entire life of the console. I also bought it for $45 physical when I got my Switch because I’d never played it, and that was a little high, but it’s also simply one of the more common sale prices it’s had on Switch. It’s preposterous that Bethesda still charges this much, but people are definitely still buying
I got Bayo 1 for free on Xbox...
Good to know about the save files! A few friends and I just picked it up, and I doubt I’ll only play when they can, so I’ll definitely need to keep two files at least
Don’t you end up getting the same amount of MyNintendo coins as if you’d bought full price if you buy digital from a third party too?
I don’t think it has been, but $12 for 51 games, 30 of which are still good, was worth it for nostalgia if nothing else. Sonic Mania or the Sonic Ages ports are substantially better than the Sonic ports in the collection though, in large part because of the input lag
Odyssey came out 13 months before, but it doesn’t really change the fact that Smash doesn’t ever really go on sale
I doubt it would be, but if one is the Redbirds, Imma cry
I could definitely be down Just gonna throw out that Splatoon 2 is on sale rn too
Me! I do!
On one hand, this sale is awesome. Over 100 titles on my Deku list are at an all-time-low. On the other hand, I kinda wish some of these games went on sale more frequently so I’m not having to do the mental gymnastics to justify spending the amount of money I want to spend on games this week
That’s $3.00. You can use it towards the eShop
Maybe if this keeps selling we could finally get a second collection with RoB, SotN, and the GBA titles
This is maybe my favorite dumb game on Switch. Fun, goofy golf with surprisingly deep gameplay. 100% worth it on sale. Probably worth it at full price, but it is kinda short. Still, a very fun game that’s perfect for playing on the go
This includes motion controls, which are wonky but fun
I bought DOS2 right before this sale, so that’s why I’m trying hard to be good haha. I feel like I’m probably getting Souls and Cells regardless. I think Slay the Spire is only $20 for the physical copy at a few places, so I might look around. The fact that the Bad Seed bundle is on sale is very tempting
I didn’t play Sekiro long enough to form too much of an opinion, but it seemed pretty cool The fact that the Bad Seed bundle is on sale is kinda pushing me towards Cells, but I’ve also been eyeing Souls forever, and I feel like this is a pretty fair price for what I’ve heard is a good port minus the poor audio quality. I just bought DOS2 before I knew this sale was happening, so I’m trying to be a bit more mindful of piling way more RPGs up on my backlog, but I do love RPGs
It used to be $40 at Walmart all the time too I think. Now it’s $60 at both womp womp
Overcooked 1 is free on PC rn fwiw
Yes it’s been improved! They had a substantial patch last year. It’s not as good as the Rebel Collection ports, but perfectly playable if you enjoy AC
I’m in a very similar situation budget-wise, but I’m probably looking for 55”-75” because I’m going to be sitting a bit further back There are various open-box or refurbished X900F’s on eBay that are ~$900 with free shipping, but I’m not sure if I should save some more to raise my budget for something more modern that has VRR. I do expect eventually to get the Xbox Series X or PS5. Since I mostly just play a Switch right now, I feel like a lot of that is overkill, but I’d rather not be back in the TV market just because I bought a gaming console in the next 18 months. The X900F’s latency at 1080p even in game mode seems like it wouldn’t be the best fit for a Switch as well, so I have no clue what model I really need to be looking at
Exactly. I feel like I should be looking for something that should definitely get me through the next 3-5 years as a primary television, but without anything actually needing a lot of the features the XSX/PS5/high-end PCs supposedly will have at some point over my desired lifespan, I’m just not sure if should wait for more of the 2020 models to come out and see what that does to the market. But I’m also moving in two and a half weeks and would like a TV for my new place and am not sure how long I’ll want to wait haha
Rats. Was holding out for some of my must-buys to hit Amazon, but it doesn’t look like they will. eShop it is
Is this a good?
I know it’s GameStop, but you can often find the physical for $20 new. The MyNintendo rewards on the physical should expire near the end of the month, so it’s the last chance for those sweet sweet golden coins
I want a Castlevania Collection 2 dammit. Sonic &amp; Knuckles would be awesome, but highly unlikely thanks to licensing issues. Also looking forward to Final Fantasy VII-X/X-2 going back on sale. Really enjoyed the XII port, but I want the rest digital, and they’d be backlog In general I’d like to see more N64, GBA, GC, Wii(U) games I enjoyed the Genesis Collection despite the horrible input lag on some titles, mostly Sonic. Luckily Sonic Mania exists. There are more than enough titles in the Genesis Collection to keep an intrigued or nostalgic gamer satisfied though, especially when it’s on sale like it is now. The Castlevania Collection is also awesome and on sale rn. Really nice collection for $10 as long as you like old school action platformers (some of the titles have RPG-esque elements, but there aren’t any of the Metroidvania Castlevanias). It and Sonic Mania are far and away my favorite retro purchases so far. Otherwise, Super Metroid is arguably the best title in the NSO collections. Flashback is also a great game that’s gone on sale for 99¢ frequently. Well worth it just to experience what cutting edge graphics were in 1992
OP should wait for a sale though. It hits $9.99 very frequently
Oh for sure if you want it now. Just pointing out that it’s been $9.99 three times since Christmas. It’s far and away my favorite cross-platform experience on Switch too. Being fully cross-platform is a massive plus
Splatoon games are 3 minutes long
It’s only around 30 seconds, but man do those 30 seconds start to suck after about the second week of having the game
&gt;JoJo Siwa Who?
A remake of this game could kick ass. The original was really cool but deeply flawed
Also worth noting that it’s a digital eShop card, so you don’t even have to go to CostCo
...what does she have to do with Nickelodeon?
I actually really enjoy how refined the gambit system works in FFXII. It streamlines so much micromanaging
This makes sense
So far grabbed Dark Souls, Dead Cells Bad Seed Bundle, and Mark of the Ninja. Considering Slay the Spire and Doom as well, but I’m not sure I wanna buy another $50 eShop card from CostCo, and I probably don’t need to keep piling up the backlog. Mostly just looking at stuff that’s at an all time low and/or otherwise doesn’t necessarily go on sale much that I’m not looking to own physically There are some I want that I know I won’t get, like DKCTF. I can borrow a friend’s copy and save myself $42 without really missing much outside of MyNintendo coins. Resisting pulling the trigger on DMC3 among others too. I feel like since this is the first time it’s been on sale, it’s not unlikely it’ll start getting included in the various Capcom sales. Dragon’s Dogma seems to be settling into a new sale price too for those sales. I’m hoping some of these all-time-lows are the new sale prices in general
Well yeah, which is why it’s dumb as hell to buy eShop cards there vs. just adding funds in the eShop itself. You should never pay more for a gift card than what it’s worth on the card regardless of for what
Dead Cells, BioShock Collection and Splatoon. Maybe some Smash too
Moon’s haunted
This isn’t even a question. Zion has played 19 games. Clickbait is still clickbait regardless of artwork
Kyrie...wasn’t returning anyway though, and the return date isn’t for another month and a half
Zion will have played 27 regular season games. It’s a regular season award. You’re on crack
&gt; Take-Two Interactive, Electronic Arts and Activision Blizzard have all expressed interest I can’t say any of these are super appealing destinations for Mortal Kombat, DC, and WB’s movie IPs
When you buy a physical title, I know the MyNintendo rewards only last a year after the release, and it’s 1% on physical vs 5% digital. Is the percentage for physical based on MSRP or the current price in the eShop?
Technically I think it’s an integral part of Destiny
Good to know! Switcher is definitely one of the titles I had in mind when asking too. I think I’d rather have the whole thing on a cart just to admire the fact that they fit it on a cart, but I also don’t want to miss out on pennies on the dollar whenever I buy a physical release that’s less than a year old just because the digital is on sale. But there are also a few titles that are consistently cheaper physical than digital anyway, and I just wanted to make sure I can try to scrape away some savings haha
I’ve had the game for like 36 hours and really would like to know the general thoughts here. I’m sure a lot of it also depends on how many cells you’ve invested too. I’ve been going at it with whatever the game gives me so far, but if it’s “better” to try to reroll, I’d like to hear the arguments
The bigger issue with the Forrest statue was that it was his grave site. Dude and his wife are about to get disinterred and reinterred for the third damn time because local historian Shelby Foote is buried in Forrest’s original plot at Elmwood. Forrest had been buried at Health Science Park since 1904, so it’s also not quite the same situation as erecting the Jefferson Davis statue on Front in the mid-1960s, which is pretty explicitly an anti-Civil Rights Movement move. Kinda crazy that both Memphis and New Orleans were actually ahead of the curve on a lot of this though instead of the typical being woefully behind
I love this child
Nah. Keep the statue pink
I think it’s all three
Gleaming the deep interpretations. I like it
What do I need to do to search it?
What’s the arena ID? Having trouble searching for it
Sweet. Hopping in now
I’m in there!
Bookers numbers are surprisingly low
Looks like I'm about to buy Bayonetta 2 (with the Bayo 1 download) and return the other two games. Seems like that bundle is getting pretty rare these days anyway
Dark Souls, Dead Cells, and Mark of the Ninja. Debating whether also to pull the trigger on DQXI and/or Slay the Spire. Also picked up DOS2 on sale. My bank account is very angry at me
I’m working through the demo right now haha. I definitely want the game, and I love that Amazon, Best Buy, etc. price matched it, but it’s more likely than not end up being backlog fodder for a bit, especially since some friends and I just started DOS2. Just kinda debating whether I need to add another lengthy RPG to the pile to take advantage of the sale or wait for when I’ll actually be looking to play it, plus I’m going to fill up my 512 card at an alarming rate if I keep pouncing on digital deals. Need to start going cartridge for some stuff in general too considering I’ll lose access to all of them if my Switch dies way down the road after the eShop closes
Yeah that’s definitely what I’ve heard. I wish there was a brief demo because I’m still kinda on the fence after some gameplay videos. It seems interesting enough, but deckbuilders aren’t necessarily my favorite. Definitely thinking about it though, and even if I don’t pull the trigger during this sale, the physical edition is $20 at multiple places in my area, so worst case is I spend like $5 more and get another case for the shelf
It’s been on sale very frequently I feel, just not at this price
Because it’s a JoyCon. Deeply flawed piece of hardware
Mark of the Ninja for $5 is a steal regardless of platform. It hasn’t been cheaper than this on Steam too from what I can tell
I desperately hope Nintendo tweaks some things before they eventually shut down the eShop down the road
Black Friday is a mere five and a half months away
This should’ve been the launch price
Yup. About to do it with DQXIS
DM me for mine if you haven’t added me yet! Smash Saturday was great!
I’m also always down for Splatoon or Kart. Plus I have a few other MP games/collections
Don’t get cooked, stay off the hook
The ads for multiplayer on 360 were frequent and kinda funny for the time. Can’t seem to find the ad spot on YouTube though
Classic Duke...so many memories
Dark Souls, Dead Cells Bad Seed Bundle, Mark of the Ninja, DQXIS, DOS2 (technically not part of the summer sale), and I might grab Slay the Spire and/or Doom before the sale ends tonight I need to stop buying games like I have 15 hours a day to play hahaha
I just don’t feel like paying $15 for such a short game. Will wait when it hits $10/below or if it miraculously gets online multiplayer added. Very fun, memorable racer, but I want more than a slightly cleaned up port of an N64 racer these days E: I did not realize how I prefer to spend money was so contentious
Zoids is a name I’d forgotten about completely since at least 2003
How are there two cases and zero grips?
I don't think there are any extra fans on the normal dock. There are no exhaust ports for them
Doesn't really seem to make sense to have purchased a Switch vs. a PC. A laptop is probably better for almost all of the games on your list, and these games are almost all certainly cheaper through Steam than the eShop. The Switch is the completely wrong console for your tastes, especially if you're going to completely ignore games that don't fall into your niche
Castlevania I, III, Super Castlevania IV, and Bloodlines all kick ass and are in that collection, but yeah they’re action platformers for the most part
It gives you one save and no rewind, but SCIV is definitely the easiest out of the collection. I found it to be way more difficult than I remembered at first, but eventually something just sorta clicked and Simon would not be denied haha. Really hard for me to get sick of the music
Grit and Grand Floridian y’all!!!
It also has 2D mode which is an entirely different way of playing it. I feel like it’s a very impressive amount of content for $42, on top of it being one of the better looking titles on Switch and the orchestral soundtrack sounds rather regal
Play as P Y R A M I D H E A D ! ! !
I’ve taken like 20 screenshots, but holy shit over 8K shots of one game?!
I did. Because I lack discipline. Pissed that CostCo online wasn’t working though. Could’ve saved $5 on an eCard, but it is what it us
Why has damn near every $60 game left on my wishlist been on sale this month?!
What sort of bullshit is that?! Is the money Switch owners spend on Switcher not worth as much as those who probably got it on PS/XBX for cheaper?
I dunno. I think it’s totally fair not to want to spend $40-60 on a two-year-old port of a six-year-old WiiU game unless you’re really into platformers. I’ve had my eye on it since getting a Switch, but I know I can just borrow it from my neighbor instead of paying full price
It’s not that they’re similar to FOS. It’s that FOS pretty much completely turned me off of lifesims as a whole after I finally acknowledged how much time I’d utterly wasted playing a hyper-repetitive freemium resource management sim
Why are you calling a free game with like ~50 million monthly players still active “crap that didn’t sell well enough on other platforms”?
Would love to see this. Still have plenty of friends cross-platform playing Apex, and my laptop couldn’t run it, so I’ve yet to give it a shot
And suddenly now Pokémon is on my wishlist
I will eventually I’m sure. I hate buying a game and not getting to a point where I feel satisfied with it, but my backlog is murderous now after the summer sale, so it’ll probably be a minute haha
Damn I don’t feel as bad anymore, except I probably would’ve grabbed a bunch of these had I not bought them during previous sales. Cheers to angry wallets!
I was kinda iffy about Dead Cells too because I’m not always the biggest fan of roguelikes/lites, but the Bad Seed bundle is fun as hell. Controls are super tight, and it’s tough but very fair
That was my rationale. They were all pretty high on my wishlist (except Mark, but I wasn’t gonna ignore that for $5), they all are either at a new low or at their normal low they only hit 1-3 times a year, and they’re all still bang for your buck at full price if you’ve never played them. I’ve played Doom 2016 on a vanilla Xbone, but otherwise it’s my first time for all of them, and now I can’t lie to myself about not having enough to play when I get kinda burnt out by one genre or another
I love Splatoon and didn’t get to try any of the betas. Might as well, especially since I love splattin’
Oh yeah I totally get the difference in gameplay. More that I like running around fighting online haha
I’ve been exclusively playing DOS2 online so far with friends, and I’ve loved it. When I play RPGs like that solo, I get way too into being a completionist and ubercollector, but my friends just wanna run around and fight shit, so that’s what we do. The first night, we killed everyone on the opening ship after how insulting we found the Red Prince to be haha. I’m trying to convince them we’re going to have to do actual missions at some point or else we’ll be underlevelled, but man was it fun killing all the guards outside Ft. Joy after one of them shot my black cat for being a bad omen. It took like 20 minutes because we were level 2, but the sense of justice I felt was great. Then we went in the fort shivs and staffs blazing, picking every fight we could find. Fought Orivand immediately, and we have no idea who he is, but they don’t care (I kinda do), and the gameplay alone is mesmerizing. Turning enemies into chickens right after you’ve wooed a kitchen wench names Butter is exactly up my alley. Really looking forward to my solo playthrough down the road where I can waste time trying to do it all too I caved on Doom because I won’t have a PC or other console that can run it for a while, and it was probably my favorite shooter from the 2010s. Rip and tear. Plus most of the glaring issues seemingly got patched out. There was no way it was gonna run like it did when I first played it, but it’s impressive enough that it’s solid
Ah well that’s totally fair haha. I actually got it for free on iOS, but it runs like shit on my i7 and first generation Air, plus I didn’t have Bad Seed nor could I play on my TV
It’s been 13 long years since Samus Aran had a prime adventure
Conveniently the trailer for that one just hit the News tab on Switch
How long has the Pokémon Snap trailer been out on News?!!?
Been fun as hell so far. Definitely looking forward to the actual stories, but our own narrative has been better than I thought it’d be, which was already high, and that’s without paying too much attention to stuff
My market does vary. Damn. Really trying to grab this physical with the Bayo 1 code before it doesn’t exist anymore, but I also don’t really wanna pay full price since I got the first one for free already, and the second one is fun, but kinda short
This is the same policy the NCAA has had in place for years, but it’s not like there were championships hosted in MS anyway E: championships for revenue-generating sports; non-revenue sports already have a hard enough time without flag politics, and this would definitely affect softball, soccer, etc.
If you buy a digital code off eBay or some other aftermarket seller, does the code have to be from the same region as your eShop? Or will it not matter?
Damn good to know. There’s a title on eBay that’s consistently available and cheaper than it ever goes otherwise, and I’m trying to look into the viability haha
Wait, I definitely thought you lost gold whenever you change regions, and that’s why you need to zero out before worrying about it
Free is always the best price
This game has been $20 physical seemingly at least once a month for most of 2020. It’s worth buying when it’s $20, and I probably would advocate not paying more considering it’s frequently $20. Great port. My favorite AC game, and it’s far and away the only game that lets you do a bunch of 3D pirate high seas nonsense on Switch
I played the 3 port after the Rebel Collection, without having played 3 before, and I really don’t get what all the gripes were about if they came post-patch. It played marginally worse than the Rebel Collection, but it was still fine and absolutely playable. I am into pirates, so I liked the pirate ones better, but AC3 nowadays on Switch is definitely worth bringing up for anyone who enjoys the Rebel Collection. It’s slightly less of the same with arguably a more compelling story
Sankey sucks so, so much. It’s such an empty threat, and they’d never put the SECMBBT in MS anyway because the conference would rather keep printing money by hosting it in Atlanta or Nashville. It’d be in NOLA long before it ever hits a non-Nashville or Atlanta city regardless of flags
Can’t speak for Borderlands, XCOM, or The Outer Worlds, but the BioShock Collection port is excellent, and I’ve heard likewise about the other two 2K Collections. Being able to play three of my favorite shooters of all time anywhere was worth $50, especially since my laptop has integrated graphics and I don’t own another console newer than the 360
The pizza at Ciao Baby in Collierville is quite tasty, but it definitely didn’t sit right with my friend and I that literally no one working there was wearing a mask, even while many patrons were
More population density than anything. Williamson County is absolutely rural
Georgia changed their flag in 2003. The old flag similarly featured Lee’s battle flag which was the cause for change, but it’s pretty obviously still just the Stars and Bars with the state seal replacing the stars. I like the magnolia tree in general, but I just don’t think there’s any way the next flag will have an explicit Confederate connection
Not only that, but that’s the flag they changed to in 2003, by replacing Robert E. Lee’s battle flag in the canton with the state seal. Otherwise it’s the Stars and Bars, the national flag of the Confederacy I won’t be surprised if Georgia has to change again, and it’s pretty impossible for whatever Mississippi’s next flag to have any sort of explicit Confederate connection
The university and the town of Oxford absolutely give a shit over whether a flag would prevent Swayze from being a host site
Yeah, but this applies to baseball regionals and the like as well
Most of Mississippi’s lawmakers have degrees from in-state schools that deeply give a shit about baseball though
I’m totally cool with having a villain from Power Rangers as our on-field mascot, but no way in fuck should we ever be the University of Mississippi Landsharks. Ever.
I mean, according to that, Maury County is also relatively urban, and while Columbia is technically a city, a city of 40,000 is going to be pretty different from any of the four main cities. Most of TN isn’t like the four main cities. I’ve spent a significant amount of time in Columbia and around Maury, and I’ve always considered it to be largely rural compared to life in Memphis or Nashville too. Not demographically, but in the sense that it’s a small city surrounded by farmland. You actually lose cell service for significant parts of the drive on Highway 50 into town haha
2016, and I thought we’d also hosted soccer around that time. Regardless, it’s not like a championship in a revenue-generating sport was or is coming to Mississippi even with an appropriate flag, so Sankey is just punishing sports that already struggle with being in the shadow of football, basketball, and baseball
I don’t hate it, but I don’t think anything new will evoke the Bonnie Blue that closely. Probably also why the Stennis Flag gets challenged
I mean, ideally the flag is changed some time before next spring and it doesn’t matter I definitely think the baseball thing is the biggest potential issue for Ole Miss at least. Regionals are a massive revenue generator for the city
For those who bought DQXIS after playing the demo, is there anything not in the demo that I should go back and do in the full game? Or should I just start a new game on the full version. I’m only like 4-5 hours in
I’ve had no issues with my Samsung EVO Plus. Buy the biggest you can afford usually
Divinity Original Sin 2
He tore his Achilles in the offseason
Is Anthony Tolliver the record holder for longest 10-day in the sport’s history?
He did hit 4 of 5 3PA in his first game for Memphis. He had literally been signed hours before too. Was pretty neat. He’d be a break in case of emergency guy for Memphis if they’re healthy, but I’d appreciate having more veterans in Memphis’ young locker room going into Orlando
#HAPPY JA MORANT DAY
Rocket League if you have NSO
Rocket League goes on sale pretty frequently, so if you’re not in a rush, you’ll see either the base game or one of the other editions for cheap
The summer sale actually just happened, but scope out [Deku Deals](https://www.dekudeals.com). If you create an account, you can get it to email you whenever games hit a sale or even price point you want
They are probably the best games on the platform. While I’d say they’re both better docked, they’re still the two games Nintendo published to show off how you can have a full experience on handheld same as you would TV. Play them. They’re the reason why you should own a Switch regardless of model
Can you turn your enemies OR teammates into chickens in Xenoblade? Checkmate Divinity
Love it. Definitely want veteran voices in such an incredibly young locker room, even if he’s mostly a break in case of emergency player
Support this move. Definitely wanted a veteran voice, but it is kinda crazy he’s only played in 13 postseason games despite being 35
How has no one mentioned Arkham?!
Gotta love it when he hit four of five in his first game for Memphis, especially considering he’d only signed a few hours earlier that same day
10 minutes I think if it’s not upgraded
Tolliver is the only player older than 30 out of that group, and the only player older than 30 overall for us. Kinda nuts
The loading times for Zerø are criminal and nearly game-breaking
I kinda wish we hadn’t been issuing 10 since Eli, but the two best QBs in modern Ole Miss history both wore 10
Just kinda proving the point. The first national flag was the Stars and Bars, which Georgia uses in its entirety while throwing in the state seal. Mississippi’s canton is Lee’s battle flag, which is more closely associated with white supremacy
Please baby I’m close
Splatoon’s primary turf war game mode is pretty much KotH with a Nintendo twist. Granted, it’s third person, not first
22 minutes ago
PSA Duke Nukem is live
A very, very, very dark, toxic corner of the internet featuring message boards dedicated wholly to ranting about the Southeastern Conference
Not to mention RotN runs well enough outside of the towers these days. Finally picked it up earlier this month after letting all the performance talk keep me away from it. If you want something that reminds you of Symphony of the Night, Castlevania III and RotN are still your best and only options
Somehow, some way, I feel like Dillon Brooks is involved in this
Payne’s is a gift
DOS2 keeps dropping free updates. They’re minor, but appreciated
Goes until July 6
Been playing the online 8-player co-op(!), and it’s seemingly as gory as I remembered in grade school haha. Not the same as Brutal Duke Nukem 3D or with the extreme gore mod, but you’re still turning things into charred piles of guts that linger
The Grindhouse doesn’t even hold 20k... We might actually be a pretty hot ticket going forward though. Wouldn’t be too crazy to sell out season tickets in a few years
I love how Tennessee’s elected officials decided to wait until after midnight on a Friday morning to commit taxpayer money to challenge *Roe v. Wade* during an international health crisis
The answer’s not no
How to lose the weight with one simple trick
Sale ends July 6. Been messing with the 8 player co-op. Incredibly smooth. Still a fun, goofy, dumb game, and it’s felt like an incredibly high quality port so far. Can’t wait to mess around with the director’s commentary
[Metacritic All-Time List](https://www.metacritic.com/browse/games/score/metascore/all/switch/filtered) Of the top 10 that haven’t been brought up, Divinity Original Sin 2 and Dragon Quest XI are two of the best RPGs on the console Sonic Mania is also an awesome retro Sonic experience that’s on sale
I had no idea the team sponsored a program in Crittenden County. It’s great how much regional outreach we have
Tony Allen
I was worried about some controversial shit, but this one wins
But not this one!
For a port of a 20+ year old DOS game, it wrecks every nostalgia benchmark I wanted and plays way smoother than any 90s shooter ever should. Without the nostalgia, it’s just a great playing retro shooter port
No split-screen unfortunately, but there is 8 player online co-op where deaths are seemingly permanent
It is still just wild to me that he is our only player older than 30
He is 30, not older than 30. He’s our second oldest player, and he and Ant are our only thirtysomethings. It’s crazy haha
I feel like this hits 50% off once a month now
Good to see 50% off is seemingly the actual sale price and not just the Summer Sale price. Eventually gonna snag for $14.99 or cheaper once my RPG backlog isn’t as daunting
Once I messed with the thumbpads, I was able to get 100% motion registering pretty easily. Took me longer to get the left one to get to 100% than the right one, but I definitely preferred the concave top to the thumbstick once I got it to stop blocking the down input on the left
The Pelicans have the easiest schedule and 3 TV games, while getting to play us on our only SEGABABA. Let’s fuck them up royally
Shut the fuck up
To the surprise of no one, the Pelicans got a cakewalk
Vernon and his crew reference the sub frequently on the daily Grizz-centric podcast he does
Vinny Verno’s always been that way. If nothing else, I appreciate how he’s usually pretty clear in explaining where he’s coming from
&gt; In the West, the play in was triggered in 84.4% percent of simulations with teams participating in the following percent of total simulations: &gt;Grizzlies - 81.8% Pelicans - 28.5% Blazers - 28.1% Kings - 19.1% Spurs - 10.3% Suns - 1.1% &gt;In the East, the play in was triggered in 31.4% percent of simulations with teams participating in the following percent of total simulations: &gt;Wizards - 31.4% Nets - 18.9% Magic - 12.5% ————— Dude’s your stereotypical number cruncher (inventor of PIPM, which should’ve been reformulated to be PIMP), but can’t hate the statistical optimism
Much, much easier, but they have ground to make up
It’s totally possible for them only to drop 1-2 games though, which is why we’d have to crater for them to take 8 outright. Regardless, I do hope we take it to them during our only national TV game. Definitely don’t wanna get swept on the season, even as they’re a bad matchup, but also I just wanna shut ESPN up
High effort shitpost
Doesn’t BB have an in-store exclusive deal with Limited Run?
Part of me feels like CotM doesn’t care as much about overall lore (vs RotN) and purely wants to exert as much 80s Castlevania action as possible. The other part of me really wants this to be true regardless
CotM 1 is the only real extension of the Castlevania Collection. It fits in flawlessly after the (S)NES titles. I definitely like RotN warts and all, but CotM’s gameplay was the purest of pure Retrovania. So happy Iga decided to keep fighting the night
Also bullshit. It runs somewhere between “terribly” and “perfectly.” Outside of the towers, it runs mostly fine. Saying it runs terribly is the only reason I waited until this month to buy it, and it’s simply a lie
Castlevania was absolutely a AAA title until Konami couldn’t figure out how to execute the franchise in 3D...
Yeah Retrovanias are all action platformers. Super Castlevania IV is probably the best place to start because it’s the most forgiving one, but Dracula’s Curse and Bloodlines are arguably the best Retrovanias. If you enjoy retro platforming, the Castlevania Collection has those three plus a few more from the Retrovania days, and hopefully we’ll eventually get a Collection 2 that has the some of the more notable Metroidvanias (some really good ones on GBA and DS) and Rondo of Blood, which is the game directly preceding Symphony of the Night and the last real Retrovania
I’ve put in 70+ hours over quarantine and haven’t played in over a week. Great game if you like any sort of shooter
KotOR is probably my favorite mostly dead series (completely dead outside of SWTOR), but I also own KotOR 1 on four other platforms (including iOS) and playing KotOR 2 without the restored content mod would feel pretty weird after multiple playthroughs with the stuff that could be restored. I probably wouldn’t bring myself to quintuple dip on KotOR for $15-20, which is probably the price considering Episode I Racer launched at $15 and is a much shorter, older game, but I’d cave eventually. Gimme Jade Empire and the Mass Effect trilogy though haha Also definitely wouldn’t hate Bethesda bringing Fallout over. New Vegas on the go would be excellent
Nope. They’ve removed any episodes with Martina Martinez now too
Happy he’s on a new team. Unfortunate that he didn’t really fit what the Grizzlies are trying to do, but I’ve always been intrigued by him as a player
With multiple consoles available to OP, this would definitely be my answer too
Make sure it’s the XX8’s with the super long shin sleeves
I went to Bass Pro a little before 11 with no luck. My brother and I also both tried multiple Pinnacles before I had to stop searching. Every place I called after said they were gone not long after 10, so I do wonder what the number available at each location was like.
Yes please
XII is the only FF game I’ve ever actually paid for haha, and it was worth every cent. Emulated all the older ones when I was younger, and I don’t have anything that can run XV. XII is definitely a top tier FF for me because of the gambit system. I’m playing through DQXIS right now, and man do I miss some of the JRPG streamlining XII offers. Not to mention trying to steal from every enemy regardless of level never gets old E: I definitely don’t think it plays very similarly to KotOR, my favorite RPG ever, but there are a lot of Star Wars vibes overall, so I can see where there can be some similar feel. The Zodiac Age is definitely worth the $30 physical you can usually find it for locally
Elevator doors
This is so strange to me because Dillon Brooks was pretty much the de facto Grizzlies’ best draft pick this past decade until landing Jaren and Ja/Clarke in back to back drafts. The Grizzlies were one of the worst drafting teams in the league under the chunderhead former GM Chris Wallace, but still were a playoff mainstay for much of the 2010s
It’s still mind blowing that Conley is the last first rounder they’ve taken to make it to a second contract with us
I thought you could still get digital codes for PS and Xbox through Amazon, Best Buy, etc.? I don’t own either, so haven’t paid too too much attention to them Also, whenever Amazon, Best Buy, etc. price matches the eShop, you can take advantage of getting more MyNintendo points by not going through the eShop
