Yasiel Puig, the one who defected from Cuba. He's going to be playing a stone's throw from Kentucky, in Ohio's armpit.
The Spurs had a good run. Small markets can lay whatever hope they have at being competitive in their direction.
Lol. True. Because of bad ownership and bad management. But no. They have a historic arena but not the best in terms of being modern. It's the oldest in the NBA. Basketball players rave that the nets have an amazing arena and practice facility but we don't attract free agents either.
Freddie Mercury did not die in vain.
Mmm. Messalians and their devil worship.
He was middle aged. She was the teenager.
D'lo just checked his veins. Still ice water. We got this
Is your hate Russell routine over yet?
They're "the most valuable franchise in the NBA", they've always gotten special treatment and always will.
Dagger 3 to kill the Lakers.
Position. Why are Curry Harden and Boston Isaiah MVP caliber while Enes Kanter rides the bench? Guards don't need to play defense. Bigs do. In the long run, if the Lakers keep playing LeBron out of position like they've been it will hurt them, because he doesn't have the energy to play as many minutes as he does AND try on defense.
If you're near the person in first place you get hit too. When I hear it coming I slam on the brakes. It makes the game more interesting. Otherwise, if someone has a big lead there's nothing you can to do stop them.
This. Is it really the fault of people on Raw who aren't booked that "creative has nothing for them"? No, and back in the day they wouldn't get paid. The Kliq looked out for themselves but they also improved the business for everyone
And since Porzingis isn't playing, there's zero reason to have the Knicks on TV other than that they're the Knicks.
I don't want to speak ill of the dead so I won't continue, but that kind of behavior should be judged.
Who uses new reddit? It looks like trash. #oldreddit until they force us to downgrade.
Which would mean that 60% of logged in users don't like the new reddit, then, and everyone else you mention has little say in the matter?
He'd love it here. Big city, lots of techie hipster douches living here so it's a lot like San Francisco (the founder of Reddit's a Brooklyn guy and a Nets fan, just as an example). And even better, the local media doesn't even pretend to give a shit about the Nets, so he wouldn't have as much scrutiny. The Yankees, Giants, Devils and Nets all have contracts with the same radio station. If they're all playing at the same time, the order of priority is Yankees, Giants, Devils, and then Nets.
THIS IS WHY THEY BROUGHT ME HERE
Agreed. When you practice too much it becomes less of a worked sport and more chorographed dancing.
Maybe the big spots, but those guys rehearsed the entire match. That's ridiculous.
I guess she's getting the pickle tonight.
Ukrainian, close enough.
Ruthless aggression Mickie would enjoy an eating pussy angle. I mean, she grabbed Trish by there and licked her hand.
Yeah. And Eddie didn't even murder anyone. Tamina's gotta be on LinkedIn somewhere.
Which one? Isn't that half your fanbase? (We don't have a fanbase, so I'm not saying that's a bad thing)
Starring Exeggutor, the Dragoniest dragon of them all.
Agreed. I apologize to all for this ignorant Mets fan. We didn't put a monument to Jackie Robinson in our park for people who stain his legacy in this manner.
Also, Chyna-Waltman
The one where they just hit each other in the balls 8 times.
Because Vince and creative don't follow your prior career. They don't know the guy is 10x better as a heel and was only a face because of his music.
It's a "bagels for people out in the sticks who don't have Jewish people" bagel. Frozen.
Game of the season. 9 out of our last 10. I love this team.
Even LeBron saying this game was amazing. That's some praise. Used to be people slept during our games.
Can't speak for all ROB mains. That said, the only ones that regularly give me trouble are Incineroar, Ness and K. Rool.
Then you shouldn't have too many issues if your timing is right. I don't gyro spam as much as many ROB's but Ness' projectiles can give me fits.
The more we enable these extremist SJWs the worse society becomes. People will look back at "I'm Already Tracer" and say that it was a misogynist meme that was attacking females' right to choose.
I love Hallsy and Nico but am I alone in thinking Palms is the heart of this team and should be our next captain?
Doesn't make it wrong.
He's dating a female WWE wrestler so that can be arranged.
Ho Kogan. Biggest draw there's ever been.
Last time the main roster had a pirate I think it was Paul Birchill, and he was made into a comedy act AND an incest act. Poor Katie Lea (of Impact fame), she sure had a rough debut
Nothing will be done, look at Marchand.
I kind of wish he had succeeded as a Laker. He's from LA, that was kind-of a dream come true for him, I'm sure. Being so close to Disney Land and his family... can't be any further from Disney and comic books than Milwaukee.
FEED BROOKIE MONSTER. OMNOMNOM
Oh my bad I'm an idiot. I thought it said Showboat. I just woke up.
Or at a minimum Reggie Evans lol
Is a galaxy note not a mini tablet? It's a huge smartphone that comes with a stylus.
What did he say? "I'm from New Jersey, Serbia I love you"?
Came in here looking for someone who told the truth of what Salvini had said, and was not disappointed. Well done.
Shame on you Alaska. I get the other 3 being left leaning but why not allow people to monetize their own property?
He's a gym rat and he seems to be relying more on his lower body nowadays (Brogue Kick instead of Irish Curse; etc.)
DR. PAVEL with the ZACHATTACK
I'm not a racist, and it's annoying that people have to even defend themselves from such accusations left and right nowadays. I don't care that the guy is Indian-American. He could be from the same town in Italy as my family. When you have a ridiculous foreign-sounding name, people call you something else to make it easier. Giannis Antetokounmpo isn't "The Greek Freak" because he's black. He's Greek Freak because he has a weird foreign name. Learn how to insult properly. I'll reluctantly accept that I have a mild case of xenophobia but racism is uncalled for. I happen to very much like Sikhism. Hinduism and other polytheistic religions, not as much.
There's no such thing as a right to advertisement-free road travel. Show me that in the constitution.
Not all of Chicago. I think that's the south side. Where the people originally from the south live.
Am I the only one who felt that show was really forced (tryhard propaganda) and hated the characters? Makes for a perfect heel imo.
Yeah. Nice seeing a swordboi getting 3 stocked.
Cloud's FS is his final limit break in FF7, omnislash and you don't learn it until the end part of the game, and it is the move he (player doesn't control it) uses to kill Sephiroth at the end of the game.
I don't like sudden death. Some characters are at a distinct disadvantage. I'd rather it just be one stock with 100% damage.
Literally dozens of us!
Nah. The pirahna plant memes making fun of the fanboys whose beloved characters didn't get in were golden.
Tragic, a Latino guy putting his race before his nation. As someone of partial Latin American descent people like that embarrass me.
C'mon. Waluigi is totally a whiner. And I want him in the game. (although I was rooting for Geno.) https://youtu.be/EbXtOf1vUOU
Currently Ness and Ganon.
Plus isn't her real name Stephanie?
So was Hitler. Petey isn't sleeping on no jerries.
Who can forget neon green suit guy?
Harrah's has one literally called the poker bar. It's by the self parking/rear entrance.
Bronsexuals are the worst
Ringz erneh
What is inaccurate? The nature of their immigration/residence was outside of the law.
There was barely any wrestling on SmackDown a few hours ago. Not to suggest WWE is doing things correctly but there are clearly people who prefer to be invested in storylines and promos rather than in-ring storytellng, but we don't get a lot of that here. Thus, some of us have little interest in the native Japanese non-English speaking talent and watch for the gaijins. I'm sure quite a few will watch just for Moxley as the commenter above said he was. I watch for the Bullet Club, mostly.
Trump agrees with that.
Non Muslims aren't welcome there as a whole so that's a no-go zone for even the males.
Nope. For starters, Rome is always open to non-Christians, and non-Christians can tour the Vatican any time unless it's during a holiday where there are no tours. Under no circumstances are non Muslims allowed in the "holy" city of Mecca at any time. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/Christian_Bypass.jpg
Lyanna Stark was a wife and a fighter and look how well that turned out for everything.
He's Irish Catholic. It's programmed into his DNA. Everything else is a choice.
I have Catholic relatives with non-Christian godparents who were permitted to take part in our religious rituals. Christianity and Islam could not be further apart in these regards. Atheists, Jews, you name it.
Yet Christians won't kill you for a depiction of Christ. If you have an actor portray Muhammad or have an artist draw him, your life is going to be threatened at the very least. They won't kill you for depicting any of the other dozen Islamic prophets (including Moses or Jesus); this is reserved for Muhammad himself, who is revered much more than the other prophets. Indeed, Islamic identity revolves around stating "there is only one god, Allah, and Muhammad is his messenger". Choosing not to say those words has led to many peoples' deaths.
We don't live in the times of the Inquisition. Columbus thought he was in India, contemporaneously.
Sure, and if it were up to me all of these countries would be turned into a glass factory. Or left alone entirely. Either way, I don't approve of US military policy. Georgia abortion law has nothing at all to do with Islam's authoritarian backwards hostility towards civil rights.
Work on your reading comprehension. I said colloquially, not the literal definition. I can't speak for how Africans like yourself (sees username) view the term, but in the West it has little to do in everyday conversation with the desert and everything to do with culture/race.
You used the literal geographical definition of everything below the Sahara desert. I pointed out that it's used colloquially as a cultural term which is why Sudan is excluded. And the South Africans use my definition. South Africa is the country in question.
Welcome to the club. It's rare. I've only knowingly met one. We dated. We were much better off as best friends. INTJs are too neurotic to make all of their major life altering decisions together. Need someone more empathetic to bounce things off of.
The fucking top comment on the tweet is that obnoxious Rothschild. If they hate you, you're doing something right.
Your username advocates for the execution of an American president and we're the ones with a problem because we point out that Arab countries harbor views that are hostile to Jews. K.
She's also half black so any time she lost we'd hear that being given on SC as the reason she's not being pushed.
This is a recent change. Interestingly enough, if you just put in "Donald", you'll get EnoughTrumpSpam but not TD... yet if you search "Trump" TD shows up. Backasswards.
Lol "brand recognition". Yeah, a brand famous for failure. Most losses of any NBA team since 2000. Don't you guys dare compare the Knicks to the Lakers. 16 championships vs. 2, and the 2 were both 50 years ago. Knicks haven't had a Mount Rushmore player ever. The Nets at least had Dr. J and won two ABA titles with him. All the Knicks fans can talk in our lifetimes is going to the finals once with Ewing. We went twice with Kidd and RJ.
Edge is a new jersey devils fan but yeah keep grasping at straws. Becky over Beth as a pro in every way. Beth as a wife is a other story. Retiring and putting her own dreams to the side in to take care of her man and have babies is respectable as hell.
*Adonis' father
You either die a hero or live to see yourself become the Raptors.
Every Instagram post she's made in the last like 4 months he's been commenting on. It's adorable.
I would recommend the Lehigh Valley (Allentown, Bethlehem, Easton area). It's not far from NYC, but it's a fairly conservative industrial region where Trump is popular and it's much cheaper than NY/NJ to live. The President won Northampton County by 4 points, which includes Easton and Bethlehem. I've got family who just moved there. About an hour drive with clear traffic from Easton to Manhattan.
If you're rooting for Toronto and don't have a Canadian passport you have no soul.
Bob Windrem (Net Income) has had tons of ties to the organization for years. If he trusts Pooch's sources that's enough for me. Doesn't mean I always agree with NI. I usually don't. But he's got as close an ear to the Nets as anybody.
I mean he was close with Irina Pavlova too but she's gone as well.
It's not a right. Maybe that's where you're confused. If you believe in universal healthcare, talk to your politicians, not your boss. The total company value going back to when it was founded 70 years ago is irrelevant as the "60 million figure" would be what the WWE would be paying every year. If you really think they should dip into money from past year's (which would cause insolvency) to pay for this year and future years, you don't understand how business works. They are a publicly traded for-profit corporation and have to prove to their shareholders that they are getting a return on their investments. The company had 99 million left over from revenue last year. They'll likely have a similar number left over this year.
He shared ball handling responsibilities just fine when he was on the court together with Dinwiddie.
Aka the greatest point forward of all time.
The culture is nice but having a team that can compete for a championship is even more nice. The team as it is now has a ceiling at being like the 4 seed. We're not beating Toronto Philly or Milwaukee without adding. I've been a Nets fan for 20 years and I like this roster but I want to contend for championships not role models and bffs.
Tobias Harris is a 6'9 forward. To say adding him wouldn't bring strength to our weakest area would be disingenuous.
I'm not a levert fanboy and I don't hate D'lo. D'lo is my favorite Net and I made a post about not wanting to lose him for Kyrie months ago. But I understand what the team is looking to do.
What's the pet trait? A unicorn?
Come to the dark side. Other than Florida the weather sucks but we've got competitive basketball. East and West are both 4-4 in the finals in the last 8 years.
WWE may as well let Renee out of her deal now. There's no way she's staying, and they're looking to change her role anyway.
In this post: the reason I don't like cat people. Lots of talk about IRL fetishes.
FCW. Moxley was never really in NXT. He worked like one NXT show in a dark match.
Sure it does because most of those crackpots also say that it was a missile not an airplane that hit the Pentagon and that the people who claimed they were on the phone with their loved ones on flight 93 made it up that they took the plane back from the hijackers and insist the military shot the plane down.
1000% down for this and would get season tickets in two years possibly
When you're running for president you pick a running mate who is different from you. Whether it's age difference, religion difference, gender, culture whatever. Trump is not religious. He's from NYC. He's older. He didn't have legislative experience. So he got a Midwestern devout Christian who had been a congressman and a governor to balance out the ticket. I don't think Pence's hostility towards gay rights has anything at all to with Trump or why Trump picked him. Trump has waved a rainbow flag, has hosted gay weddings etc.
The UK's current system isn't any better in that regard as the national popular vote is irrelevant. The party/coalition that wins the majority of seats picks the Prime Minister, just as the ticket that gets to seat the most electors elects the President. Neither guarantee that "getting the most votes" translates to a win. If you win Seat A by 1 vote and lose Seat B by 750 votes, the two cancel each-other out.
New Yorker here. New York has been referred to as Jew York, Himeytown, etc. for eons. Three years ago in a debate Ted Cruz referred to Trump's "New York values" being different from real Americans and it was considered by many to be a covert antisemitic slur. Can't really speak for London, but I can't say that I'm surprised to see "Londonistan" becoming a thing.
Devos was made education secretary because she's against the existing public school education system which Trump et al believe needs to be reformed. Sessions was the first Senator to endorse Trump when most in Washington wouldn't give him the time of day, and the political capital Trump received from the endorsement required him to give Sessions a cushy position as a "thank you". Trump has said that he thinks Pete Buttigieg (Democrat running for President) being gay and married is a non-issue. Trump has come out against overturning the Supreme Court decision that legalized gay marriage nationally, saying he believes it is settled law and that he has no issue with it. Trump announced an effort a few months ago to push foreign countries which criminalize gay sex/relationships to reverse their policies and repeal those laws. If someone wants to call him sexist against women, or attack him on his actual policies, there's little I can say to dissuade them, but in terms of the President being homophobic, there's simply little ammunition to speak of. [This man](https://www.mambaonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/donal_trump_lgbt_rainbow_flag_rally.jpg) is not a George W. Bush bible-thumping Republican who thinks gay people are going to Hell. He's said he believes transgender individuals should use whatever bathroom they're comfortable in, rather than echoing the "I don't want men in the bathroom with my daughter!" line that most Republicans have been using. His Mar-A-Lago resort was the first one in Palm Beach to allow gay couples to be members.
At which point you decide to leave the state, causing the tax burden to be shifted to lower tax brackets. IDK about you but I don't like paying $8,000 a year in property taxes to be middle class.
I've voted for McCain and Gary Johnson. We all do things we later regret.
Weld told people not to vote for him. He told them to vote Clinton/Kaine. So there's that.
I'd love to hear why this is.
Bally's for poker room. Unfortunately Hard Rock doesn't have one. Best rewards and promos I would usually say Borgata (which also have the best poker room) but in terms of boardwalk side Caesars Rewards isn't bad. Bally's poker room is located in wild wild west which is between Bally's and Caesars so there's no issue staying at Caesars if you want to play at Bally's, although the Dennis tower is closer.
Nah, we just don't care. People still listen to Michael Jackson, Chris Brown, R Kelly, etc. What he allegedly did with underage girls (allegedly prostitutes) in Asia was revolting, but that song was part of our cuilture for a generation.
Arryns as well https://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/House_Arryn_of_Gulltown
His mom is from Brooklyn and his dad went to St Johns. He may be Canadian but he's going to feel right at home in NYC.
You said ass, you're in trouble. Cousin fucking white bread Mormons is how I picture all of you to look like. I'll pour a little liquor out for you since you can't drink.
Still better than the Knicks 🤷🏽‍♂️
Someone who actually wants to play in NY. always nice to see.
I'm not talking about shitting on the Knicks. I'm saying in general NYC teams aren't attracting people the way they should be bruh. This kids mom is from Brooklyn and his grandfather was a Knicks fan so he gets it.
Utah shouldn't even have a basketball team. Mic drop.
We don't have Kabengele. Drafted him for LAC.
Happy Hanukkah, Hughes Fuck the Rags and Kakko
Whatever works. The CNN formula is being aired in airports and doctors offices where you're mainly background noise and the people who are actually watching don't have much say in the matter. I wager CNN would kill to have a large audience of Republicans who hate-watch their programming regularly.
Seth plays video games. He's just not obsessed with them (and anime) like Kenny is. Weeb shit is popular on this sub but it's not in general. I'm sure there's a lot more kids in America obsessed with music than manga.
Most people? I'm a millennial and I only know a handful of people who are into more than DBZ and Naruto (which were easily available to us growing up on American tv), and sadly the ones who are happen to be rather antisocial. So, Kenny appeals to what, people who don't have friends and wish they were Japanese?
Same. It's discouraged but fuck them.
Vince!
HHH is a heavy metal guy, Stephanie is into rap music. They made it work.
As carny as WWE is, WCW was carnier x10 Let's build up a German kid vs. a French kid, like World War 3, but the German kid is the babyface.
Ucy hot. Usos version of Icy Hot.
His dad is the leafs player development coach so it makes sense that he would spend his summer there.
Especially if his older brother Quinn leaves Vancouver and goes to Toronto.
Facts. Marbury being traded for Kidd was what made me a Nets fan.
We were in the playoffs bruh
You're welcome, flyers.
Don't see the point in signing another center unless we're giving up on Zacha.
Hated you guys for a minute for beating us in the finals. But then you kept the rags from winning a cup. So we're even. Welcome to satan's bandwagon.
For now. Hughes will have the better career even if Broadway gets Kaapo to more all star games.
As long as we don't trade lundqvist 😏
We don't know that.
Hey Lindsey, welcome to the team.
I'd love to have Zucc. I felt dirty loving him as a rag but now that he's out of the garden I don't feel bad about it.
Ok hot dog
I'm saying FDR wanted a war with the Axis and pearl harbor was a means to that end. It wasn't a true surprise attack, they gave us a day's notice. Washington didn't send word to Hawaii in time. Did he bomb the Pacific fleet? Of course not. His embargo caused Japan to be desperate enough to force their hand though.
So there's a lot to chew on there other than just skin color to be fair. It's true that hockey does have a color issue but then again so does basketball. Jeremy Lin deals with/dealt with a lot of BS, and guys from Europe have always been seen as being soft in the NBA. White Americans? Three pointers and defense. That's all they're seen as being good for. No athleticism. NFL, it's black quarterbacks and white running backs who face the most scrutiny.
Unfortunately. But just as that guy on the Yankees (aka Russell Wilson) proved that black quarterbacks can win and can be more than just a guy who rushes and sneaks I'm sure the stereotypes will eventually be squashed for others. I still get queasy every time we draft a Russian though.
Nice read, well thought out but nah I'm not with team fun guy. He's amazing. Don't get me wrong. But I don't fuck with what he did to the Spurs and I don't see him being able to fit with this culture. Because our guys really are fun guys. Who wear their hearts on their sleeves. He's going to the clippers. Not even going to concern myself with that.
Ivan Drago loses at the end of Rocky IV. #notmychampion
Yes. Magic admitted it.
Big boot from Kane
He not only got to marry her, but convince her to become an orthodox Jew. Must be charismatic AF.
Imo republics shouldn't have heraldic arms. Feudalism/nobility flies in the face of what the modern republic is about.
Boston signed tacko fall tho so they already won.
We'll see in terms of Caris' speed. Missed 3 months with a serious foot injury. Didn't look the same afterwards. Spencer rebounded better than he did, pun intended.
Not the way he was before the injury. People were saying he was better than D'lo and Spencer. And Spencer got paiiiid for his performance so that's saying something.
Just not the Yankee way. (I'm so jealous of the Yankees traditions not gonna lie)
I agree. But his max potential is a Kyrie Irving imo. The only PG I would definitely put above Kyrie is Curry and Dlo is no curry. Lillard disappeared when they needed him against golden state. Westbrick is hype.
When you won the draft lottery and made the biggest trade of the week it kind of goes without saying. Kudos to Shero for making the right choice re: Hughes/Kakko and for making the trade, although it seems he was the only one willing to absorb all of PK's salary so it's not as big of a coup as we'd like to believe, and Kakko may wind up the better player. We won't know for a few years. In the meantime I've already convinced myself to hate him, just like Patrick. Lol
Mixed. I think she did some pretty scummy things to Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Northern England and she's rightfully unpopular in those areas, but they're not densely populared compared to the conservative heartland where she is considered an icon. If you were an (upper-) middle class or wealthy person, or especially from the perspective of an American she was great... and it's great that she didn't allow herself to be held back in that era by being a woman. To be the PM in the late 70s, 80s, and into the beginning of the 90s, it was inevitable that there would be both good and bad, as anyone who governs for over a decade is going to have a mixed bag of results. Her husband was impressive as well. I'm sure it wasn't easy in 1975 (or especially after 1979) to be her spouse, just as it can't be easy for Prince Phillip. From my own personal feelings, I think she should have allowed the Argentines to keep the Falklands as I'm not a fan of colonial behavior, and I think it's a crime that the Catholics in Northern Ireland were treated so poorly until the GFA, which was negotiated under her successors.
Not really, the Kingdom of Prussia truly began as the margraves and electors of Brandenburg in the early 1400s. A member of a cadet branch of this family was elected Grand Master of the Teutonic Order, a Catholic military organization that controlled much of the Baltic sea area. He, like the rest of his family, chose to convert to Protestantism. He then made a deal with the King of Poland to become a hereditary duke under the Poles and was allowed to control most of the land that had been under the Teutonic Order. His branch died out and was inherited by the main Brandenburg branch of the family based out of Berlin, not Koenigsberg/modern Kaliningrad. They only called the kingdom Prussia because that was the name of the only lands they controlled outside of the Holy Roman Empire and outside of Austria's jurisdiction, but it was based out of Berlin and the surrounding area.
I think Trump made the mistake of letting Bolton join the team just on the basis of Bolton sharing Trump's anti-UN sentiment; falling for the trap that Bolton is a neocon involved just about every war of the 21st century, Democrat or Republican. If you look back on what Trump ran on, you'll see that while he's no fan of the Iran deal that Obama signed, he's also not keen on starting wars in the Middle East. He'd rather have a non-interventionist foreign policy and focus on things that America has a direct interest and benefit in, unlike the Bolton/Bush/Rumsfeld "let's conquer all of the dictatorships, especially the ones with oil" doctrine. While the neocon/neoliberal establishment banged war drums about North Korea, and Russia, Trump was the moderate advising caution. Likewise he seems to be playing that role with Iran as well.
Foreign policy moderate? Pulled nearly all of our troops out of Syria. Isn't saber-rattling at Russia or North Korea. Took the side of caution with regards to retaliating against Iran. During the Republican debates he was saying that we should cooperate with the Assad regime against ISIS, while most D and R wanted to oust Assad. Sure enough, he has clearly decided that it's better to leave Assad in power than to create an even more unstable Iraq/Libya environment.
Even most Paradox fanboys don't play much Victoria. It's the black sheep of the family for a reason. (I think the quality of the series is chronological myself -- CK the best, then EU, then Vic, and finally I'd rather go to sleep than play HOI)
Amazon pays above minimum wage, and doesn't care what you look like. Apply online, show up, and they train you immediately. Whether you do drugs, whether you smell like piss, do the job and they don't care. I have a few friends that work there making $20 an hour fresh out of high school. Most of their coworkers are black, and many from affordable housing projects. The "interview" process is nonexistent. For every reason not to work, there's a reason you can.
Good on them if that's the case. I wouldn't, either. I used to spend a lot of time at the local libraries in Brooklyn and if I had to deal with smelly homeless people not there for reading purposes but rather looking for a place to hang out, I wouldn't be there.
Not to be that guy but the Rams were a Los Angeles team that went home. They shouldn't have been in STL to begin with. You're right to feel loss, as anyone who loses their team is, but imagine how the Los Angeles Rams fans felt in the mid 90s after losing a team they had in their city for 50 years, and they loved them in spite of not winning championships. Then, a few years after they leave, they win a Super Bowl in their transplant city. If anyone, you guys should be mad at Kroeneke as a person and at the football Cardinals who left STL for fucking Arizona after 3 decades.
Who said anything about a Headquarters? There's a Warehouse within driving distance of just about everywhere in America. And bus/train distance in major cities like mine.
You sure didn't mind having THEIR team stolen from them to give you a team. Then when turnabout was fair play and they went home all you have to say is oh but muh suffering. Compared to Los Angeles you're literally a pit stop on the way to Chicago. Get over yourself. Be happy you even had that Super Bowl win.
The owner did that. The owner who is a STL native. The players, the training staff, the coaches, they had little say in the matter. So when we hear "fuck the Rams" and "fuck LA" instead of just "fuck Stan", you guys lose a bit of sympathy.
How is that in dispute?
Great answer. Brooklyn is definitely team J. Cole over Drake.
Turns out Sandra Bland committed suicide after being arrested for kicking a cop who stopped her for what she admitted were legitimate reasons (changed lanes without signaling). Don't really agree on the Eric Garner thing though. A half dozen cops shouldn't be needed to tackle an unarmed man. They knew the guy. He had prior history with them. That's why they asked him if he was selling loosie cigarettes. His health condition was pretty obvious. They choked him to death.
Boston and LA. Some good players came from Philly but the Sixers have been booty since Dr. J retired.
Cashman still a huge devils fan from back in the day when Steinbrenner part owned the devils. I think cashman has a Stanley cup ring.
Zuuuuucccc
Unless D'lo stays, I think Irving is gonna wear 1. 11 getting retired for Lopez.
I agree. If we can't get Durant I want to sign Kyrie and Russell. It's not dlo's choice as a RFA. If he signs an offer elsewhere we can match it and trade him next year. It's what the Blazers did to Crabbe.
Aurane is my favorite character to play, because he pretty much can do anything. Do you conquer the Disputed Lands? Do you conquer Dorne, kidnap Arienne Martell and force her to be your wife? Do you steal one of Dany's dragons and conquer the 7 Kingdoms? Do you conquer your nephew, move your capital to Driftmark, convert and get favored by the Lord of Light? One time, as Aurane, I conquered the Three Sisters, changed my culture to Sisterman, and brought back the Lady of the Waves religion. It's like Piracy on steroids.
Pirates get -50 relationship points from all non-pirates and have to have a pirate ship government. Lady of the Waves don't and can remain feudal. So, piracy without all of the bad shit that comes along with it.
Cash is king. And by cash I mean dollar bills. You can also use your rewards card, but you can't insert coins anywhere.
I'm sure they can, but look at their backstage segment last Tuesday; Mandy intentionally (because this is acting) looks Sonya up and down like four times, checking her out repeatedly. Then yesterday there was some flirtatious back and forth between them. Not going to claim I'm an expert, as I'm a man, not a LGBT woman, but I invite you to rewatch the in-ring post-match segment from last night, and the backstage segment last week. I think Mandy's non-verbal cues are trying to tell a story. They've said numerous times in character over the last few years that Sonya has a crush on Mandy. Whether or not Mandy is legitimately reciprocating or is trying to manipulate her is, to me, the bigger question, rather than whether or not she's flirting.
For added challenge, play them in ACOK. In AFFC they have a Drowned God lord, but in ACOK they're actually Faith of the Seven.
Wouldn't know. I don't play that way. If you're going to play canonically, Ned Stark is killed with his own valyrian steel sword that was taken from him when he was imprisoned. Then again I also play on Ironman so I can't really relate to most peoples' experiences. Lol
Doctor who did his surgery? The Nets team surgeon. Just saying.
Maybe, but if he opted in GSW can't trade him. And then after this coming season he'd have four years vested with them in case he genuinely wants to stay in Golden State, and he could get a no-trade clause. Requires four years with a team (and 8 in the league) prior to signing the contract. He's only got 3 with the Warriors now. I keep hearing that the Warriors will help him rehab and then trade him. If that's the case the only thing in it for him is money, but he loses part of his freedom and whoever trades for him is going to lose picks or young prospects.
There goes the neighborhood. We knew it was going to happen someday. All of social media is being quarantined from pro-populist/nationalist anti-globalist points of view.
Asbury Park's Dry Irish Stout is my favorite NJ beer.
Which POTUS is going to be live tweeting. They need to control the narrative.
Nah, go to his personal website. http://www.MartinOMalleyMD.com Nice big Nets logo right above Team USA. KD's doc is the Nets doc.
Whatever Deadspin says, usually do the reverse.
First off Sherlock as a NYC native I ask you to learn to spell Manhattan. MSG is on top of Penn station, one of the busiest train stations on the planet. So of course the Garden is always a destination. That said the Knicks have been a joke of an organization for the last 20 years and have only won two titles in the 70 years they're been in the NBA. You guys are delusional if you don't realize that NY is up for grabs and if the Nets managed to create a dominant culture like the Warriors, the Knicks would become an afterthought. The Dodgers and the Giants had been in NY for generations before the Yankees came around. People told them not to even bother putting an American league team in NYC because it was such a National League town. What happened? The Yankees won, and won, and the Giants and the Dodgers didn't win nearly as much, and the Yankees became the most popular team by far, and the other two teams left town. Literally the only good thing that people ever have to say about the Knicks is "BUT THEY PLAY AT THE MECCA OF BASKETBALL"; Ignoring that this version of MSG has only been around since the late 60s and the Knicks only won two titles there. The OG Knicks played in a different building with the same name. This arena is home of failure. This Knicks franchise is the epitome of failure and mediocrity. If the Nets create a winning culture, the city is ours. The Knicks are among the most valuable franchises in American sports solely because of where they play. It's not the logo. It's not the shitty history. They're not the Celtics or the Lakers. They play on 34th Street. That's it. All the most memorable moments in Garden history were when visiting players took a shit on you. "The Garden is the Mecca, because this is where Jordan put up 55 against the Knicks". Please.
The Giants played in Manhattan. The Yankees managed to get well off racist white people to go to The Bronx to watch games. The Bronx. The Knicks playing at MSG is literally the only positive thing anyone can say about them. The franchise is and always has been a dumpster fire. If it wasn't for "frozen envelopes" and winning the Patrick Ewing draft, they'd have been irrelevant my whole lifetime. Their value is solely location. Well, Barclays Center is a great location as well. A dozen train lines and countless buses bring you there. And the Nets have a healthy culture. If Durant and Irving put a ring on it, the Nets are the number one team in New York overnight. Watch jersey sales. Watch tv ratings. Watch this comment. The Knicks are not the Lakers. The Nets are not the Clippers.
After James Dolan specifically said the "same old Knicks" era was over and you were getting max free agents; after the Porzingis trade everyone said the fix was in and KD was coming. Stephen A. "95% sure we're getting KD and Irving". We had months of speculation about the Knicks. People thought Brooklyn were running it back with the same team next year. Stop being silly. That narrative is over. The Knicks are already back to being laughed at. Which is a shame because RJ Barrett can play.
If someone steals your ancestral VS sword, you and your successors get a casus belli against them to take it back... like the Reynes can always attack the Ironborn to get Red Rain back should they choose to. I see no downside to having it enabled. If you have a VS sword and I capture you, I don't see why I wouldn't steal it. Ned Stark style. If you take Ice from a Stark, the Starks 100 years down the line will have the ability to declare a war to take it back if they so choose to.
Cersei sure did create a monster when she let her hormones decide to make him the head of the royal fleet.
You're referring to the New Jersey Nets, who played in a swamp, sharing a building where the Devils had to celebrate winning 3 championships in a parking lot. This is the Brooklyn Nets, who play in the most populated part of NYC. Parade down Flatbush Avenue.
Easily. The least horrible option on a stage full of 10 horrible options.
RD works for Vince. The move to working for Hunter wasn't necessarily permanent.
The fanbase has increased substantially. Look at the difference in tv ratings. Same network. We've been with YES since the Yankees owned the team.
Vince Lombardi was neighbors with my folks in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn back in the day. He was a Giants OC before he went to the Packers. So it counts.
For 90% of New Jerseyans and New York Devils fans, it's an improvement to actually be in a city with coherent public transportation, not to mention less far up North. Believe it or not, most of Central Jersey are Devils fans, too.
The crowd that followed D'lo here from the Lakers are better but not by much. Remains to be seen how many of them will stick around if D'Lo goes.
To her credit, last night Sen. Warren was making cogent points about how the big tech companies, Amazon etc. are becoming monopolies and are terrifyingly powerful. Reddit itself is owned by the Staten Island Advance, which also owns a ton of other newspapers and magazines across the country.
I'm shocked that Robert Francis O'Rourke doesn't wear a sombrero.
They also announced that the address of Citi Field is going to be changed to 41 Seaver Way, and that the city has OK'ed it.
We're talking finals. LeBron failed to make the playoffs this year.
I'd rather have both, unless KD is coming, and then yes I want Kyrie over Russell, and it's not even a choice because I don't see KD coming here if Kyrie isn't here. Other than KD and Kahwi, there is no other free agent on the market who would make this team better than having Kyrie would. We can afford Kyrie and D'lo, and as a restricted free agent if we match, he has no choice but to stay. We can then choose to trade him if the Kyrie/Russell experiment isn't working out.
That's like 3 years obsolete. He plays D now at an average level.
I was a S4P subscriber until the DNC and the Hillary shills took over. I really respected Bernie until he sold out at the convention. Whether it's right wing populism or left wing populism at least you can say the motivation is to help people. Unlike the globalists who are motivated by greed and don't care how many of their fellow countrymen are hurt as jobs go to piss poor third world countries where the workers are mistreated, through no fault of their own. Trump isn't perfect but he's by far the best chance this country has.
I don't disagree with him at all in as much as she is definitely the best of the Democratic options. But nowhere near as good as the other option we have, which is four more years.
Big facts. No offense intended to our Islamic and Hindu friends but the Sikhs seem to be much easier to assimilate and less likely to have a superiority complex. I can't tell you how many Hindus I've met that think they/their culture is better than us/ours, but it's probably in the three digits. Never got any kind of vibe like that from a Sikh. I guess living as a minority religion in your own country for the entire time their religion has existed helps.
I put him behind Gabbard but ahead of the rest of that lot. Still a human being, just one that have many views which are deeply flawed. Most of the Dem candidates lost their humanity a long time ago.
He ran for President of Russia, not Prime Minister of Israel. Nazi bullshit that people of Jewish ancestry can't be considered part of their nationality should be a thing of the past.
When you win more than one playoff series since the 2000-01 season we'll talk. Our TV ratings are up. Yours are down. We're getting Kyrie Irving. You're trying to get his backup, Terry Rozier.
She surely has/had the biggest balls of Tywin's kids.
2, Played nearly his entire career in Cleveland. His Boston number is probably one he doesn't want to be reminded of.
Deron was traded, so no.
The OP said free agent signings. We got Kidd to resign too. 6 year 99 million.
How tonedeaf. The fans don’t give a shit about Riho. She’s way too tiny for her offense to be believable as a champion.
Over Shida and Britt? Hard pass. But ok.
So first he was Superbad. Now they’re both Superbad. 5 years from now she’ll be Superbad and he’ll be Jannetty.
JR and Taz have so much chemistry. And I don’t remember them working together much in WWE.
I get downvoted to shit saying it but it’s still true. AEW needs to cut down on the random six man tag bullshit.
JR: “keep in mind who the legal men are” Lucha Bros: (laughing in Spanish)
Pretty damn good show. One thing I really wish would change would be the fact that the Elite pretend in kayfabe not to be in charge and yet Rick Knox, who was personally hired by the Bucks, refs every single one of their matches. NWO Nick Patrick / Little Naitch bs needs to be recognized on screen otherwise you’re insulting the audience.
He said it himself. Chaos is a ladder. It creates opportunities. His assassination of Jon Arryn led to war and murder of many higher born individuals, creating vacant positions for people such as himself. I think he misplayed his hand when he murdered Lysa, but he was thinking with his dick and wanted Sansa. Took his eye off the ball, and lost his head for it. If he wanted to, he could have had the Riverlands and the Vale... and as his wife was in her early 30s when he murdered her, she possibly could have bore him a child, although she did have trouble with miscarriages prior to Robert/Robin's birth. Had he kept to the script so to speak and protected Sansa in the Vale, kept his alliance with the Tyrells, etc... he could have led an anti-Lannister alliance that put Sansa on the Northern throne and his wife or even himself on the Riverlands throne (after making sure Edmure died, of course)
Nah. Dinwiddie is only starting because of injuries. He's the sixth man, has no business on an all decade STARTING five.
Finn Balor dumped her and married a sports reporter from Mexico so clearly there are one or two. But for the rest of us? Nah. you right
It's not actually in Memphis. Worse. It's in Mississippi.
Mickie James was in TNA (as Alexis Laree) before WWE signed her, then after she got famous in WWE she went back to TNA (now under her real name) and then came back to WWE again. So it's not like WWE was above signing girls from TNA, it's just that the TNA women's division was subpar, and their best talent were usually WWE castaways (Winter, Gail Kim, Brooke Adams, Chrissy Hemme, Victoria, etc.) or just there to look pretty (Velvet, Madison).
Yeah, the back part of his career he was a bench player. Manu started an entire season as late as age 33 and won championships as a starting shooting guard. As soon as someone like D'Angelo Russell or Kyrie Irving is on the floor, Spencer Dinwiddie is a bench player.
In an ideal world, you're wrong, and we just need to better understand one-another and mediate conflicts peacefully. We do not live in that world. The one we do live in is one where all people who live alone but especially females are potential victims. While I do not own a gun and have never strongly considered purchasing one, I am a large man from a city with strict gun control policies. Not everyone's story mirrors my own. Everyone who wants one should be able to obtain a firearm, provided they are not a convicted felon.
Because FF6 was released for the SNES in the West as FF3? Good enough reason. I grew up calling it FF3. I call it FF6, but I won’t correct someone if they call it FF3. Japanese Mario Bros 2 is still called The Lost Levels in the West. I haven’t lost any sleep over that.
Borgata the only one to continuously increase profits. Incredible considering the fact that there’s two new casinos in town on the boardwalk and they’re stuck in Marina. If only MGM increased their footprint here. Caesars and the rest can’t help but fuck up left and right. On the bright side. Tropicana did pretty well this year and they bought Caesars so maybe they’re going to take steps in the right direction.
They’re probably afraid to do that since as a transgender person is involved in the story it will draw attention to the low hanging fruit.
Rezar isn’t billed as being from the Netherlands. They use his Albanian ancestry in his gimmick.
No, but she did wrestle as Kenny's tag team partner at around the time of this clip.
No, but I think Brad Maddox was married and dating Paige on the side.
Well, he’s not the one getting death threats and racial slurs.
Brock Lesnar Actually be booked.
Ironic isn’t it, he blames everyone but the guy sitting next to him... who is the one who actually caused him to lose.
I hate the Forgotten Sons. And not in a heel way. In a “I wish this was still on the network so I could fast forward” kind of way.
British people love gate keeping their shows, but this series actually began in Asia and the US version is older than the UK one.
HeS jUsT hIdInG fRoM bOsToN nO pAsSiOn
I have Asthma so running is out, but I could bike it. Can I be your congressman?
Frank's got a bad relationship with the Knicks and their fans hate him, but I've got nothing bad to say about Isola. Anyone else think he's good in this role?
You mean reprisal for our reprisal? He was the head of the unit that just attacked our embassy in Baghdad. We have a right to be there. The head of Iranian terrorist orgs do not. Our actions were justified. I'm as antiwar as anybody, Iraq was a mistake, Syria was a mistake, and I hope war with Iran will be avoided. But let's not be disingenuous.
We've had approximately 5,000 troops in Iraq with permission from the Iraqi government (2014 agreement) as a holdover from the Obama-era where large parts of their country were overrun by ISIS. Thus, we have a right to be there. The initial war was something that I don't pretend to justify, nor do I support the removal of Assad, but the war against ISIS was necessary.
He was rarely ever healthy, and his English isn't good enough that they could Samoa Joe-him into commentary.
A porno where she "gets her revenge" on "the McMahons and HHH", yeah. Not exactly mild viewing.
https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x6d6cb3 Early 90s WWF for you.
This. It's like 80 miles long (not all bikeable though), great trail.
If we assume things are true when there is no evidence to support such claims, we're only creating a system where people can claim to have been harassed any time they choose with no ramifications. Similar to the "believe all women" movement that presupposes that anyone alleged to have committed sexual harassment, assault, rape etc. is guilty. It's impossible to disprove that he was subjected to racial abuse. It's not impossible to prove that he was. They were unable to do that, therefore the wise thing to do would be to take a cautious neutral approach and assume nothing. In other words, let the story die.
True enough, the political compass doesn't have more polar opposites than a socialist vegan and a libertarian capitalist... and in terms of physicality, Bryan is small while Kane is big, Bryan is a technical wrestler while Kane is a bruiser... Just goes to show you that human beings don't have to let their differences make them unpleasant towards each-other.
In addition to places already mentioned, Z1, Z2, Tommy's Tavern
I waited 3 hours for this? Big show??? He better turn heel.
Dracovish has to be up there
At this point I'm rooting for the Isles to beat us. Better draft pick, and helps them get better playoff seeding.
The protag is supposed to be you, so I guess they don't want to put words in your mouth.
Fucking Dinwiddie pisses me off so much
Correct. So he’s never going to be relevant. But the LP movement grasps on to all kinds of nobodies to spread the message and acts like it’s going to make a difference. It’s not. Let’s worry about getting libertarians elected to Congress and mayor and such, President is a waste of time. The best chance we had was with Gary and he ruined it.
The Corre didn't happen until after Punk took over the Nexus. He kicked Wade Barrett out, and a handful of guys were loyal to Barrett, quit the Nexus and they went to SmackDown with him.
Skip Bayless hasn't worked for ESPN in four years, and he genuinely dislikes the Giants because he's a die-hard Cowboys fan who grew up in Oklahoma and covered the team when he lived in Texas.
Ignorant American here. You guys did this to yourselves when you began to allow royals to marry divorced women. Charles and Harry are both morons who drag the monarchy down. Should be excluded like Edward the Eighth.
Save us, IMPERIUM. Nobody gives a shit about the Sons. That's why they're forgotten.
Broserweights ftw
She debuted 9 months ago...
You know, watching MCMG all these years I figured Alex Shelley was a lot older than he is. He's only got a year on Keith Lee, and he's younger than Balor. If he's motivated and WWE is interested he could have a solid run in NXT.
If you had told Henry VIII that his break from the church would be used to justify royals marrying Wallis Simpson, Camila Parker-Bowles and Meghan Markle he'd be rolling in his grave.
Because of politics. Which is pathetic considering the owners of WWE and AEW have similar right wing politics.
We lost 7 games in a row before (barely) beating Miami the other day. Those people are dumb. Dinwiddie is not a starting PG, and we need him to run the second unit.
Tom and Regal stuttering a bit in this preshow.
Regal looks unwell today. I know he's been through a lot... hope he's physically OK.
If WWE really want more people to follow NXT UK, they'll include Scots-to-English subtitles.
Kevin Owens looks a bit different today.
Solid show up and down the card, not as good as Cardiff though.
Nets Instagram confirms Kyrie is in
“Uhhhhhhhhh we’ll start him.”
I just hope that when he comes state side they stop calling him a big strong boy. It’s so cringy.
Sasha has small tits and isn’t blonde. Vince has a type when it comes to women’s wrestling. The fans forced Becky to be a thing, like Daniel Bryan.
Philly. Deandre’s changed the culture. Our bigs aren’t bitches. I like Joel but he was a real piece of shit that series and he’s got a receipt coming from JA.
If you can’t promo nowadays it’s rare that you get the crowd behind you.
You were down 22 points. Shot clock was turned off. If the team that shit down your throat says it’s over, it’s over.
Heat lost to the Nix though. Bittersweet.
Roman Reigns of all people was suspended for steroid use. If that doesn’t tell you they’re randomly testing people I don’t know what will.
2 piledrivers to set up a basic ass DDT for a finish. The Canadian Destroyer is basically the new German Suplex.
Works for me. Room code?
Cloud isn’t an eco terrorist though. He’s a mercenary hired by eco terrorists. Says as much in dialogue, that he doesn’t care about their mission. Slight difference.
Not in our lifetime. I don’t believe in reincarnation so I’m not too bothered.
You also play as Sephiroth. But neither of them are the protagonist.
I used to be the type who would spend $100 on nice first base tickets to a game. But lately I’ve realized I enjoy sitting in the outfield more. Cheap tickets lots of concession options. Wind up spending more on food and drink than on the tickets.
I don’t think anyone wants to right now. They’re having earthquakes every day. On top of the problems they’ve had for the last few years. Just go to Orlando or the Bronx.
My sister has the severe allergy to cilantro and has no issue with culantro. Not to say I’m in a position of authority on the matter but it seems to be safe.
Northern Ireland as well. They don't even have a flag of their own anymore. (Or "fleg" in the fictional Ulster Scots language)
Parliament is sovereign. Europarl is not.
I like Molly, but since she married Jalen it's like she thinks she's one of the boys. Tryhard. Helps that Max is bland af... but that show only goes as far as Stephen A's wacky takes take them.
There was a guy a few weeks ago who claimed he sat at ringside and got a peek and it's definitely a skunk. Personally I don't think there's anything in the cage outside of kayfabe, but I think it will be revealed as a skunk.
Well, ECW's version had the Dudleys among others.
Fuck outta here with that nonsense. London has as much in common with New York as it does with Paris. And neither as much as another city in the UK.
Bucher would be my guess.
They gave him the Speakership to prevent him from going Labour, but they were too late.
Natalie (Margaery) is six years younger than Carice (Red Woman) yet looks ten years older. That witch is incredible.
That would be awesome. Although that would really nerf Articuno. He’d be 2x weak to Moltres and 1x weak to Zapdos.
Big picture? This is bad. The league isn’t profitable. It’s kept alive by the NBA. The more money the NBA spends on the WNBA, the more money they’re going to have to charge us NBA fans who don’t follow their PR stunt of a women’s league. I empathize for the ladies who are talented and see NBA players making millions, but they’re not comparable to the NBA. They’re more comparable to Major League Lacrosse or pro bowling in terms of fan base size.
It’s true, though. CZW had working agreements and invasion angles with Ring of Honor at both promotions’ peak.
Only in the Northeast, which is the most densely populated part of the country. Since we're talking New York, Boston and Philly it gets over-represented. There's way more people self-described as German-American but most of them live in flyover country. Ya never hear a word about them.
And then he's gonna get bodied in the parking lot by her 6'8 husband Jalen Rose.
35 minutes eh? Too long for it to be Waluigi or someone else who would have a basic moveset. Unfortunately. Wahh.
Chain of Command. THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS! Just gives me chills thinking about it. Sir Pat Stew should have all the Emmys.
Won’t downvote you. At least you agree that Enterprise was shit. I like most of your list; just switch DS9 and Voyager’s places and you’ve got my feelings.
Once in a generation. I’d say within 20 or so years you get another crack at it. This 50 years rubbish is just one person’s take at one moment in time.
I’m literally half Keith’s age and don’t like the lack of fundies, overemphasis on analytics, the shift or abracadabra intentional walks. He’s totally right in thinking the game was better when he played. TV ratings and attendance for baseball have suffered partially as a result. If they add the DH to the NL and go through with that BS tenth inning runner on second base concept to save time, I think I’ll stop watching.
Last I checked, being a bad partner (even a bad human being) in your domestic life has nothing at all to do with your job performance. One is a matter of personal morality. The other is a matter of team ethics. You cheat at a game and you risk making the game a joke, uncompetitive, etc. My manager is literally not much better than Hinch and Cora, but I see MLB’s point in not suspending him while they did the other two, and I hope the other two get the Barry Bonds treatment by teams at least for a few years while the memory is fresh.
The Mets are the only ones charging people $11 for their cheapest beer and $7 for a hot dog. It's 6 for a beer and 3 for a hot dog in the Bronx. Literally half of what the Coupon$ are milking people for. It's $100 for the cheapest ticket to a NFL game (at least it was when my family had Giants season tickets) but let's pretend the $10 outfield seats are the problem. Nerds are part of the problem. It was more fun before baseball got complicated.
“BUT... Kacy retired...”
This was the best Dynamite I've seen in months, possibly since they started last year.
Ironically enough, Truth is 48, EY is 40.
Truth. There aren’t many Italians from Brooklyn who don’t sound.... distinct.
I still miss his old entrance and music tho.
Steph never had to curse to get over. Brandi does all the time.
To his defense, prime Bam Bam was one of the most athletic big guys I've ever seen in WWF and he was still able to put on a show stealing match in ECW. By the time he was 40 years old in this clip, the lifestyle/drugs and being a near 400 lb guy left him as a shell of what he had been. He died a few years later. Still beloved here in the Jersey Shore.
Xavier has a Doctorate, Mojo has a Masters. This much is true. Xavier went to an online college. Mojo went to an actual university. Granted he was a jock who played on the football team, as evidenced from his (underwhelming) NFL career, but he was honors and had a full ride academic scholarship rather than an athletic one.
Thanks for the write-up. I thought about going to the Royal Rumble when it was in Philly but decided against it because - as you said, commentary adds so much. I went to WrestleMania 29 and felt like I was missing half the show by being there stationary in my seat.
MJF has the lion of Judah as well as a tattoo in Hebrew. Something tells me holocaust jokes are too far even for him.
No wonder Peyton hasn’t been booked much since she got the implants.
Eoin O'Duffy, the founder and first leader of Fine Gael. https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/it-was-just-a-bit-of-fun-fianna-fail-td-defends-linking-fine-gael-to-fascist-blueshirts-36588986.html
Do MORE with Orange Cassidy? His entire gimmick revolves around giving minimal effort and doing moves with his hands in his pockets. The more you emphasize him, the more you're calling your product a joke. Yeah, I'd like to see their womens division emphasized more, but they're kind of in a tough predicament. Riho's not around all the time and she doesn't speak fluent English, not to mention her being like 75 lbs soaking wet and not the most believable champion... ideally Baker would be a good face for the division but she's still a little green. My hope is that they put the belt on Shida, at least she's less of a liability than Riho, and doesn't look like a child being abused when she's in the ring with Kong or Rose. I'd like them to do more with Kenny that isn't about the Elite. I'm not a huge KO fan, but there's no denying that he can be a draw and that he's great in the ring -- as a singles performer. For my money his best work in AEW was solo segments and matches against Moxley, not the "who's gonna turn on who?" tag matches and promos with the Elite. We had "who's gonna turn on who?" for like a year with Bullet Club/BTE.
The Blueshirts merged with other orgs to create FG as the article correctly states and a 30 second trip to Wikipedia or google would corroborate. So when the first leader of the party was a Mussolini fanboy in the 1930s, it's easy to say that a segment of Ireland during the WW2 era were fascist or nazi. 7,000 Irishmen volunteered to fight for Franco in the Spanish Civil War.
As opposed to paying $60 for Ruby, $60 for Sapphire, $60 for Emerald, $60 for Omega Ruby and $60 for Alpha Sapphire to get the complete Hoenn experience... you get the complete Galar experience for $180. Or, $60 for Black, $60 for Black 2, $60 for White, $60 for White 2... I can continue if you like. This gen is more affordable. I paid $90 for everything I want. I don't need Shield. I'll get Shield-exclusives through trade, and Game Freak were nice enough to make it so that you can create all fossils in one game without needing to trade. I'm literally only missing out on a couple of gym battles.
Or perhaps former Blair and Brown voters who didn't vote primarily because of Brexit, but because they didn't much like Corbyn and Momentum returning their party to the hard left? Their ideological home today would probably be the Lib Dems but realistically the LD didn't have a legitimate chance to form a government. Tactical voting occurred on both sides, I think.
I still sub there, but rarely ever comment. That place has been toxic since 2016 where anyone who didn't support Gary J would be downvoted to hell, whether it was from an Ancap "I don't vote" perspective or a "Gary doesn't deserve my vote" perspective. Mind you, in 2012 I voted for Ron Paul and later Gary Johnson. Gary lost me when he picked Weld though. /r/libertarian claimed to be about the libertarian ideology/way of life not the Libertarian Party, but that claim has been out the window for a long time.
I didn't remember what games cost 15 years ago tbh so I just kept the $60 number. But even so, if you had to buy 5 $40 games to have the complete Hoenn experience it's $200. Instead of 2 $60 games and 4 (2x2) $15 addons for $180.
Yep. I'm a former lurker at SandersForPresident and current lurker at The Donald. I don't hide or deny either of these things. I supported Rand in the beginning of the 2016 race, and decided that the most important thing to me was keeping Hillary out of office, as I was certain that she would get us into another war or more likely multiple wars. People try to pigeon hole you. It is what it is. Easier to ad hominem than to actually debate the issues someone raises.
INTJ male. Dated an INTJ female. Didn't work. We had the same flaws and couldn't compensate for each-others' weaknesses. She's been one of my best friends ever since though. Currently dating an ENTJ female who is borderline with the T/F. It's the easiest romantic connection I've ever had with another human being.
I've lived most of my life in NY/NJ. It's true that New Yorkers hate New Jersey (except during the Summer time or when they need to go to a football game), and it's true that New Jerseyans hate everyone... although NJ residents hate PA (and to a lesser extent NY) more than anyone else. I don't think Connecticut hates New Jersey. The two states don't really care about each-other. The concept of a "tri-state" is really a misnomer. It's New York and its two bitches. The two bitches don't live together, they don't socialize. Half of Connecticut hates Massachusetts, half of Connecticut hates New York. When you think about how New York treats its bitches, you can't really hate CT for the love-hate relationship it has.
True, I (like most of us) do live in my head. But #YOLO living in the moment isn't any better.
Houston, as an AL team, should have their pitchers exempt from having their reputations tarnished by this scandal.
Dr. K: "What does terminal mean to you?"
How brave of you to assign a trait that can’t be proven or disproven because you’re claiming it’s within peoples hearts and heads. What can be proven is that the most popular politician in the UK is the grandson of a Turkish Muslim named Osman Kemal. And yet you lot have no problem calling Boris himself islamophobic despite him being of Turkish descent. I can’t wait to hear Saj called islamophobic and racist since he too has abandoned that plague of a religion.
The mayor's been on defense since he's been elected with the filth and the lights being out and people trying to get rid of elected mayors, so now he's going on offense by trying to get everyone's attention on hating that ugly old casino with the unpopular President's name on it. I don't think it'll work. Vacant or not, the owner of the property doesn't seem to want it demolished.
Well, yeah Kyrie isn't playing, but on the bright side, Embiid is still not playing, so we still have a shot.
What Muslim? The Chancellor is an atheist who is raising his children in his wife's Christian faith.
Probably comes along with the fourteen year gap between Umbreon and Espeon vs. Sylveon. Also, X and Y were supposed to be French themed, right? Sylveon sure does look "French".
I fucking hate this. Every goddamn game. The last few minutes all we do is go for a layup and pray the refs blow a whistle.
Left wing nationalism is a thing. Kurdish, Basque, Irish nationalist parties for example are socialist, secular and progressive. There’s literally nothing that suggests one must be a nazi or similar to nazis in order to be a nationalist any more than one must be a communist or a libertarian to be a globalist.
True, but I wouldn't call Fine Gael a nationalist party, even if they did have fascist origins and had antisemites amongst their leadership. Fianna Fail only pays lip service to Irish unification. Those are the only two parties that have ever led the country. From my vantage point, Sinn Fein and the SDLP are the only true "nationalist" parties in Ireland in as much as they're overtly pro-unification and somewhat hostile to Britain. And SDLP is centre-left while SF is populist-left.
When Brock and Heyman got together he didn’t have the sword tattoo yet.
INTJ here. In the correct quadrant. Not the position I’d put myself in, but close enough. Libertarian capitalist.
He didn’t close his casinos dipshit. He sold them. Two of them remain open, namely Golden Nugget and Hard Rock. The only one that’s closed is Trump Plaza. He got out of the industry when it became clear that the profits were drying up. Sure enough, even Caesars has gone bankrupt a handful of times and is restructuring every couple of years.
That’s what Hitler gambled on in 39. Eh, Poland’s disposable to the West.
Yep. LDS’ origins are in the northeast and yet I’m proud to say ours is the only region in the country that isn’t infested with this cult.
Environmentalism isn't cheap, and the costs of transitioning to a more carbon-neutral life disproportionately hurt people in the lower economic brackets. For instance, in my (US) city, any homeowner who does renovation work on their home is now required to add solar panels, which they have to pay for. It's not the wealthy who will feel any pain from that expenditure.
Rocky Johnson was Canadian. Not the same as black Americans. Partially /s
EvErY wEeK iS a TaKeOvEr tHiS cAn'T cOnTiNuE
I cut people off like a haircut. Effortlessly. I ghosted before ghosting was a thing.
New York and New Jersey are famous for that. No small talk, impatient, don't even have much patience for strangers making eye contact with them unless it's something like sitting at the pub and watching sport and making a comment. When I go to different parts of America, let alone when I go abroad, it feels so alien meeting people that are personable and willing to spend 20 minutes having a conversation with some rando. Weird that a city of 20 million people from all around the world is so xenophobic and hostile to tourists.. We're always in a rush and don't want to be bothered.
By virtue of having an Irish grandparent. Do believe he has German citizenship as well, so he and his husband will be able to keep their European citizenship they value so dearly.
I think the Cuban Revolutionary look works very well for Sami.
Some of us still don't like Orange Cassidy, Joey Ryan, Kris Statlander being a space alien, or anything else that's cartoony. Just throwing that out there.
Dev be like https://www.abload.de/img/ifepfpi3g471vcvs94.gif
They should be able to. Lord knows there’s enough cash only businesses who dodge taxes. I hate dealing with cash. I can have hundreds in my wallet and they’ll sit there for months because I pay for everything with Apple Pay, or my credit card, or my debit card, which is basically cash. But better. I look forward to the digital future.
The poker room is in Bally’s/Wild Wild West right outside of Caesars and has free booze. When you’re on the floor playing tables the waitress comes by and takes drink orders. The slot machines have their own built in drink order system. As long as you’re playing, yes, it’s free. In the bars and restaurants drinks aren’t comped. The buffets in AC have been getting shittier over the years. From my memory the best are in borgata and harrahs. Since you’re on the boardwalk and this is dead season you’ll probably see some homeless types and a lot of old people on penny machines. The degenerates will always be there. It’s the young casuals that are missing.
The real shame is that he didn't win New Hampshire. Romney nearly doubled his votes there.
Sure. When men ignore you because you’re unattractive you grow to resent the “beautiful” women and men who treat you like you’re less valuable because of your appearance. Feminism doesn’t make you ugly but being ugly makes you a feminist.
I love that DIY are never going to Raw or SmackDown because they can always plug them back into a ***** tag match
DIY and MM: FOLLOW THAT Imperium and UE: K.
DAE remember when we used to be a jump shooting team?
DIY/MM 5 Imperium vs Undisputed Era 4.5
So now that Fergal Jr. is going to be on NXT, do they stick him with his daddy?
He successfully dismantled all of Obama's "achievements".
Iran agreement, federal funding for planned parenthood, Obamacare, transgenders in the military, school food rules, TPP, Paris accords, DACA... It’s almost as though Obama wasn’t President for 8 years. Most of his signature acts are gone.
Not just that. The USO’s moved to Florida so that they could go to high school together and played on the same football team.
I wonder what percentage of Englishmen believe the Scots parliament should be able to unilaterally secede.
He had the NYPD bagpipes and drums this year. https://youtu.be/o_iDyEZ78Ns
Sounds about right since it clearly wasn’t for him and it sounds like it’s for a tag team.
I feel like people who hate Corbin hate him because he's so good at his role, or they just don't like his role... because he does exactly what he's supposed to do as well as he possibly can. He's not the Ted DiBiase kind of shitheel who is weak and surrounds himself with people who are bigger and stronger than he is. He's not the Umaga monster heel who just destroys people left and right. He's an arrogant, lazy above average heel who hasn't reached his full potential and surrounds himself with enablers who reinforce his arrogance and help him achieve his goals without having to overexert himself. And I don't think it would be possible for him to play that part better than he does. The Lone Wolf character would have had to inevitably become the latter. By associating him with henchmen for the past year or so, they've made a (in my view correct) progression of the character. At some point down the line he will go solo, and will evolve into the top tier heel who is able to believably beat anyone without help... sort of a micro-Brock. His power moveset, his size, and his pedigree of impressive accolades will aid him in that effort.
Why can’t it be both? If you’re unskilled, stay unskilled at home. And if you’re a senior citizen who doesn’t speak English, you’re not welcome.
As Aurane Waters, I managed to kill... King-tier in Tyrosh, Lys, Pentos, Myr, Volentis, Dorne and the Reach. Bonus was capturing Shireen Baratheon (who was Queen of Dragonstone and the Stormlands), taking her as a concubine (which made her abdicate) and then force marrying her. Some of this was after I tamed one of Dany's dragons though which makes it kind-of easy. Feeding prisoners to a dragon to get your fear score up is fun.
To each their own. The Source, XXL, Rolling Stone and Billboard have all named Big the GOAT, along with just about every east coast artist saying the same. I never hear Pac getting played anymore on the radio, unless it’s Changes.
I like how all of the lands from the Crown of Aragon have the vertical red and gold stripes.
American here. Unless you’re withdrawing from an ATM that belongs to your bank, where it’s free, withdrawal fees are always a flat rate here. Take out $10, take out $500, it’s a surcharge of $2, or $3, or whatever they set it for. How does it work in Ireland?
https://17thofmayparadecommittee-brooklyn.org/ I haven’t been to Norway on 17 May yet but I’ve experienced as good as one can from this distance. Lol.
This just in, my house voted to secede from my city. It was ignored. I'm going to appeal.
Not in public. Kobe was his mentor. I'm sure he's had a lot to say privately with people who care about him. Fuck the media. I see every journalist acting like this was their loss because they covered him or met him once or twice. None of them, none of us know how Kyrie is feeling, because we didn't know Kobe the way he did. Kobe straight up said he talks to Kyrie more than anyone else in the NBA and is closer to him than anyone in the league today.
I'm sure if they could Berwick would have seceded at some point over the last 600 years.
So tens of thousands of people go to an event and spend nearly a whole day outside and there's a lot of trash left over. As someone whose family had Giants season tickets until a few years ago, I'm *shocked.* Yes, people should have picked up after themselves, but no, I don't expect that. Has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with being unrealistic. Ask the NYC sanitation workers how Times Square looked a few weeks ago.
I really liked the last two weeks. They were as good of weekly shows as you can put on... but this episode felt mediocre at best. Britt Baker probably had the best promo of the show, and that's saying something. I normally love Jericho and Moxley, but their promo sucked and the introducing five random hoodlums to help out in what was already going to be a 5 on 1 attack made no sense. The matches were boring. SCU just lost the tag titles a minute ago and we need to watch them beat two jobbers? If I was trying to introduce someone to AEW and had them watch this episode, they probably wouldn't want to watch again next week. They've gone back to the same tired formula. One shitty womens match, three tag matches, and a random singles match that has nothing to do with a feud. IDK what the ratings are going to say, but NXT wins this week easily.
Kinda question having Chelsea Green lose to someone who isn't established or over yet when I thought SHE was supposed to be getting pushed, but what do I know? Maybe Kayden is the one being pushed after all. Maybe they have Deonna and Chelsea lose all of their matches so that Deonna joins the Robert Stone brand and they go back to being tag partners. Also a bit surprised that Roddy and the Undisputed Era didn't have anything at all to do with the Keith Lee victory promo. Other than Adam Cole the rest of the stable got paid to play dead for a few seconds, right? Otherwise, great show. Exciting matches, fire promos. Absolutely loved Ciampa and Cole. If this episode doesn't get like 150,000 more viewers than Dynamite, there's something terribly wrong with humanity.
Bob Windrem/Net Income is obsessed with the Knicks. I don't get it. He's not even from New York. Old man from Jersey yelling at a cloud again.
If your premise was true, LePage wouldn’t have been re-elected with nearly 50% of the popular vote. In nearly any system he would have won in 2014.
You were a bandwagon as a kid and had the take integrity to stick with them for the few years they sucked. Kudos to you. My (our) local team went 12-70, were decent for a few years, and then made the worst trade in recent history, putting us back as the worst team in the league. No sympathy for you.
What *does* Black America want then? Tried listening for answers today on ESPN and Fox Sports, and all I could get was literally (paraphrasing) "don't look to us (Black America) for answers. You (White America) created the problem, so you go find the solution." Well, as far as White America was concerned, there is no problem, so they're probably not going to be rushing to come up with a solution. Much easier to just throw people in prison for burning, looting, and shooting. Eventually, people will go back to peaceful demonstrations, which can be ignored. I'm hearing a lot of anger but nobody offering solutions. Should cops not have guns? Eric Garner and George Floyd were choked to death, that wouldn't make a difference.
You sure about that? I was a Jordan fan, but I was never a Bulls fan. I was a Shaq fan, but I was never a Laker fan. I've been a Nets fan long enough to remember a local team being swept by the Lakers in the finals. Don't imagine you were already a Laker fan in 2002 though. And yes, being a fan of your local teams absolutely makes you better. Nothing more sad than Yankees/Lakers/Cowboys (or Patriots) fans who jump on the bandwagon and support dynasties.
Donovan Mitchell's father works for the Mets (and has for a long time). Not as crazy.
Senator High Cheekbones is probably a Patriots fan though.
Is he the mayor of Newark, or Wilmington, or the governor of DE? No, he’s originally from Scranton, PA and has been in federal govt since 1973. He’s never been elected to state office. Their laws have little to do with him.
She’d have my vote if she wasn’t an open borders lunatic. I get the idealism but it doesn’t work. Especially now in the age of COVID-19. As a minarchist rather than an ancap I do believe in policing and nation states. I just want the policing to be minimal and the state to be barely functional. Trump and Biden are both way too statist. So I’m going to have to sit and reflect. I don’t know who I’m voting for.
Well versed in the rules. Played a couple hundred games over my lifetime. Not really a fan. Too complicated. I prefer minimalist approaches to life, be it games or music. So, I'm more of a checkers (draughts) player.
Counterpoint: Mew's moveset contains like 15 quick moves and dozens of charge moves. It's not so cut-and-dry.
I don't smoke weed, True Scotsman. I'm for legalizing all drugs, legalizing prostitution, legalizing gambling, ending blue laws, removing government recognition and benefits for marriage full stop and allowing anyone marry whoever they want and as many people as they want, removing helmet/seatbelt laws, and many other libertarian policies. With your logic, there is nothing prohibiting fugitive mass murderers from other countries to come here without us knowing that we are putting ourselves in danger. Again, as usual with gatekeeper libertarians, you're stuck in your ideals and don't live in the practical world.
Well said. The people here who would force out those of us who believe in controlled borders would have to kick Ron Paul out of libertarianism as well. https://www.ontheissues.org/2012/Ron_Paul_Immigration.htm
Prince came cheaper than Demarre so I get it, but he really didn't perform up to expectations.
Yeah, isn't that part of the reason the Braves left Atlanta for the suburbs? From my understanding their "logic" was primarily along the lines of "white suburban people good, black city folks bad".
It's also the state that has the highest percentage of people in their 20s and 30s still living with their parents. Why? Because taxes and rent are so high. You lot who are so proud of our public schools out of one side of your mouth but complain about the brain drain out of the other side of your mouth don't seem to get that the two are connected. Cost of living here is too high, and instead of doing anything for the middle class, we require every town to create low income subsidized housing and call it a day. When someone can move literally right across the river in Pennsylvania and pay nearly half the price while being walking distance from the border the problem isn't them, it's us.
Jordany Valdespin was the man at that moment. Becky Lynch is the man right now... so, there'll be a lot of makeup required, but after she pops out her baby I think it's a given.
Mark Cuban said he's interested in buying the Mets 10 years ago. I'd take him over Steve Cohen (Madoff 2.0) in a heartbeat.
Paid out nearly two billion in fines and wasn't allowed to manage anyone's money but his own. Not quite to the level of Bernie Madoff, but my slightly exaggerated sentiment is more that we've had enough of that kind of drama. The Wilpon settlement was only 162 million dollars. This guy's ten times worse.
They're both crooks, and I don't want to give either of them my money. Luckily, Madoff is in prison so the Coupons won't be giving him our money anymore. My point was that Mark Cuban is the right kind of billionaire. Everyone loves the Mavericks. People love to play for them. Fans are happy with their ownership.
Number 21. Brian Scalabrine. The White mamba. GOAT.
The district is rated R+3. It he loses the primary and the seat swings to a Republican due to the swing voters not being comfortable with a progressive, will you find that outcome preferable to Gottheimer?
Love risk. Think the bonus armies are a bit odd here. Central Jersey borders everyone and has 5 territories and yet is worth less than the Northwestern Skylands part of the state that only borders two regions.
Yeah, I currently live in Holt's former district, and previously lived in Chris Smith's district. Smith's district is Trump Country and doesn't resemble most of the state, whereas AOC would win here by 20 points. Apples and oranges. NJ-5 is way more similar to NJ-4 than it is NJ-12. As unpopular as Trump is in New Jersey, a progressive isn't winning NJ-5 easily. Especially since he's fairly popular in that part of the state. He won the Lehigh Valley (Easton and Bethlehem, right across the river from Warren County and where many of the locals commute for work). Obama crushed McCain in Northampton County PA by nearly 20,000 votes. Trump beat Hillary there by 5,000. I'm a libertarian, so I'm typically unhappy regardless of who wins, but if your goal is to have the most progressive congressman possible, I'm sorry to report that it's probably Josh Gottheimer.
How so? This is like a worst case scenario for unionists and they're still polling at 48%. You've got Brexit + badly handled Covid-19 with the worst rate in Europe + Cummings looking like a villain + the honeymoon period for Boris' health scare being over + Mogg making a fool of himself + Sturgeon doing fairly well for herself... and they can still only muster 52. Were I a British unionist I'd be rather pleased if this is the high water mark of the indy tide.
Skynd is sort of satanic. All of their songs are from the perspective of infamous serial killers. And uh. This is their aesthetic... https://www.sausageroll.com.au/entertainment/music/identity-of-worlds-best-and-scariest-singer-skynd-revealed/
Yeah, I was wondering why it doesn't have Poland and Russia bordering each-other, and then I read the fine print... exclaves like Kaliningrad have been ignored.
I understand the frustration over mistyped people, teenagers and edgelords, but I'm in my 30s and hold generally pessimistic attitudes that could be labeled "negative" or "unhealthy". I've found that gatekeeping in general doesn't make things better.
Trespassing is a victimless crime. It’s also one that needs to remain a crime. If I can’t tell you to stay off of my property, is it really my property? Your freedom to do whatever you want ends as soon as you cross from public/your property to my property. Then, you're infringing upon my rights. And before people go "True Scotsman" and say that "the libertarian position" is that you should defend your property with guns and shoot trespassers rather than relying on laws, for starters, you can't be home 24/7.
Run TMC-era Warriors fan as a kid (from New York, my uncle went to HS with Chris Mullin, so there was no choice who I was playing as in NBA Jam; I became a Nets fan in 2001)... so I feel you. Love Steph and Klay. Respect what Draymond brings to the table. Now that the bandwagon are gone it's gonna be a lot easier to like you guys again. My dream is, Mark Jackson becomes Nets head coach and we see Nets/Dubs finals, since he was the coach who pretty much set the table for your dynasty, and he grew up here in Brooklyn. A lot of Nets fans don't like him because he's got some backwards religious views, but as a basketball mind I think he's as good an option as anyone out there. I'd also be beyond cool with Mullin as Nets head coach and having an interesting Nets vs Dubs finals dynamic there. He was head coach of St. John's for a few years, and I know he's got no NBA coaching experience, but damn it'd be nice for him to finally win the championship the Warriors and the Pacers couldn't get him. That said as long as LeBron doesn't get another chip I'm not too picky on who comes out of the West... what's most important is that the Nets win the East.
It does a ton of damage, yes, but if you miss with Hi Jump Kick you lose half your max HP before your opponent even moves. Is that worth the risk if it can be avoided?
Well, it's a good thing the Warriors were the first team eliminated from the postseason. Would be pretty awkward if they won a championship again this year and had to decline another invitation to the White House.
That's ridiculous, if you weren't a Celtics fan you probably wouldn't have that point of view. Congrats, Bill Russell, you won 11 rings against Jewish dudes who wouldn't make the gleague in 2020 in an era where being nearly 7 feet tall made you unstoppable because most of the other players were shorter and less athletic than you and there was no three point shot. He was the GOAT defender against street ball quality guys. Nobody's ever said that he wasn't a great player, but to suggest that he was as good as Jordan, Magic, Kareem or Bird, (leaving the debatable ones like Kobe and Lebron out of it) is homerism. Hell, just sticking with bigs, I'll take Hakeem or Shaq over Russell no question. When people talk about great champions, or great warriors, the main question is who did you beat... and other than the Lakers with Wilt Chamberlain and Jerry West none of those teams stand the test of time.
I believe they also both own a soccer team in England, so their sports investment portfolio is very spread out, multiple sports, multiple cities, multiple arenas. Only thing any of them have in common is that the 76ers and Devils are both headquartered in the state of NJ.
It shouldn't have been banned federally (I would argue that the motivations behind that were racist against Mexicans), and it shouldn't be legalized federally. Such issues should always be left to the states, as tobacco and alcohol laws are. There's already too much federal overreach in those respects -- if a state wants the drinking age under 21, the federal government won't give them highway funds. It's essentially a blackmail and bribery system, but at least the power to make the decision is in the correct hands.
Stalin had just died, and this was prior to Khrushchev's de-stalinization and the secret speech attacking Stalin and personality cults in 1956 which pissed off Mao and irrevocably broke their alliance.
And it's a comedic, fictionalized version of the historical events.
Cheers. The team are still owned by the Irish-American Mara family that founded them 90 something years ago. They're also married into the Irish-American Rooney family who have owned the Pittsburgh Steelers for nearly as long. Those families are the two most historic dynasties in American sports, and also two of the most successful in American football.
Or maybe not infringe on peoples' rights with this bullshit. A one-size fits-all policy doesn't work when Staten Island (and parts of Queens) is primarily suburban and not at all comparable to Manhattan or Brooklyn. De Blasio is an authoritarian. New Jersey did the right thing under Gov Christie a few years back and outlawed traffic camera tickets.
This would be a clown move. We want to win a championship next year. You do that with a proven coach.
She can’t win. They want to influence policy. It’s not complicated. It’s black and white for pressure groups, either Trump or Biden.
I don’t see the issue with allowing you to run away if you don’t want to catch it.
In Ireland WW2 was called the emergency. Understated is their way of life.
Lol. Barry Bonds and the Giants feels weird to see but I get it, he didn't play for them until he was 28 and spent his early years with the Bucs.
Damn those disabled men. How dare they vote with their broken limbs.
I almost moved to Springfield, MA a few years back. Home of the basketball HOF, far from Boston, far from I-95, and only about 20% black. The city is 7% Republican. It has nothing to do with party affiliation. Some of the most racist people I've ever met were from inner cities, but then again I was born and raised in NYC.
It's the crowning achievement of the Lannister-Ironborn fleet and Euron as a character. I'm cool with it. Lol. Downvoted to hell after a few minutes. Do you see my flair? Go wild, I wanted Cersei to win.
Saved Sansa’s life three times. In kings landing. In the eyrie. In winterfell. She still cost him his head. All because he was in love with her mother and, by association, her
I went through this whole post and am surprised to see that nobody mentioned that she wasn’t actually black. It was something her lawyer claimed during the case in order to make it a bigger deal, but she was actually Native American with no African ancestry, according to Mrs Loving in 2004 anyway. https://time.com/4362508/loving-v-virginia-personas/
Angola Basketball League is in trouble.
Yeah, like the Bill Belichick-inspired character who had eighteen victories in battle until he was crushed by Giants.
And Mahomes was the best Mets/sports crossover until Donovan Mitchell. (Since Mahomes Sr only briefly played for the Mets and Mitchell's dad is a Mets organization lifer and Donovan is a Mets fan from NY)
Dave says "everyone knows Staten Island is an awful place". It's an awful place if you're a person of color, maybe. Doesn't help that the city put them there in housing projects rather than them coming organically and buying into the community. You feel a lot stronger about a community you choose to be a part of and invest in, rather than what for all intents and purposes becomes a prison. A lot of people, white, black, whatever in Stapleton, Port Richmond etc. are without hope and feel like they're stuck there. That's through no fault of the people in Annadale and Woodrow and New Dorp. If your last name ends in a vowel (the old stereotype, although I suppose Albanians and Russians love SI too) it's pretty much what you would create if you could build a city from scratch... like Lakewood for the Jews and Salt Lake City for the Mormons. The precincts with the lowest crime rates anywhere in NYC are in Staten Island. It's the safest place to raise a family in the five boroughs, has the best supermarkets, and the food quality is as good as you'll find anywhere. A friend of mine is a Puerto Rican originally from the Bronx and he says he'll never leave Staten Island. He loves it. The death of Eric Garner was definitely an embarrassing tragedy, and it was a symptom of a greater racism problem, but I think it's ignorant to convict a half million people over it. Pantoleo was to blame for his own actions, and he's no longer in the NYPD.
What's that religious symbol? Never seen it before.
Not exactly true. There were kings of Sicily and Naples who also called themselves King of Albania, starting with King Charles I. A cadet branch of his family which later ruled southern Italy and Hungary was based out of and named after the Albanian city of Durres. The style of the 13th century founder of the house was “Charles I; King of Sicily and Albania”.
Out of one side of their mouth people on the “other” libertarian sub call me not a libertarian, just a “Republican who likes pot” because I’m not for open borders but out of the other side of their mouths they support minimum wage and Medicare for all and claim they’re libertarians. Bizarre subreddit.
They certainly controlled Albania. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a8/CharlesdeAnjouempire.JPG https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_of_Albania_(medieval)
Giants fan first and foremost. My grandfather used to sneak into the polo grounds to see them play way back when. But I’ve loved the Pats for the last 20 years. I want them to rebuild and do well. (Wouldn’t mind seeing TB win since TB12 and Gronk are there, but I’d rather see the Giants win the NFC. Barring that miracle, I’m rooting for a Tampa-New England super bowl.)
Poor 8 foot tall Greatjon never stood a chance against a dishonorable man with a valyrian steel sword.
76ers headquarters is in Camden. Same owners as the Devils (and putting a bid in on the Mets). Don't let your memes be dreams. Maybe they'll move to Prudential Center some day.
One thing Slutgers and Princeton people can agree on. Whether you're a fan of the Grease Trucks, Stuff Yer Face, or Hoagie Haven, fat sandwiches are Jersey's greatest cuisine accomplishment (with all due respect to John Taylor and his Prepared Ham).
Read my flair.
Hey, I know what you mean. The owners of the Mets are Dodger fans who built Citi Field as a monument to Ebbets Field and have gone on record as saying that they love their Brooklyn Cyclones farm team more than their major league club. If Sternberg was older he'd be Wilpon.
I'm from an inner city, hate the smell of gasoline, and don't really care about cars whatsoever other than "ooh that color looks cool" and "is that a Mustang? Oh, it's a Camaro?" My username is a reference to the pass I use to ride the bus and the train in New York and New Jersey. So, it suffices to say that I've never spent more than maybe 10 minutes watching a NASCAR event.
That's where I go to the Weather Channel lol.
She's from Florida, and was a blonde in her early twenties at the time.
Jeez, that's barely a winning percentage above 50% Can't even blame Eli since he's literally 50%.
The fact that he's not in the Hall of Fame, personal life issues aside (bankrupt video game studio, outspoken political views, etc) is a crime. As a New Yorker, I have no trouble saying that a guy who spent his entire career embarrassing New York teams as a competitor is one of the greatest pitchers I've ever seen. I went to Veterans Stadium to see the Mets play the Phillies dozens of times, and we made sure not to go for Schilling's starts, because we knew we would probably lose. The 2001 World Series, the 2004 ALCS... he sure did own New York.
It's the home of the Yankees AAA team. I can't speak for Scranton specifically but Allentown-Bethlehem-Easton is more Yankees and Giants than Eagles and Phillies.
If it came out now that Joe DiMaggio committed war crimes during WW2 would you think he should be taken out of the HOF? I say no, because his personal life has nothing to do with his career as a baseball player.
I won’t argue since you’re much more of an expert. I only spent a few months in Easton and Bethlehem, living in hotels and working in those areas as well as Phillipsburg, but I didn’t live or attend school there.
WNBA should only be aired on ESPN8, and ESPN8 should also air street ball, and then maybe have exhibition games at Rucker Park where street ball players beat WNBA all stars Goaltending should be legal until the ball touches the rim or the board
I don’t like speed cams and want them removed legally but vigilantism isn’t cool. Using Waze is a much better alternative to destruction of property.
What a saint among men. His stepmother was the heiress to the Swanson TV Dinner company. Came from a well off background. Never had to work to make a living. Chooses to live amongst the wolves and advocate for policies that make his friends and neighbors unhappy even though he should be one of the elites that he despises.
Joffrey's death doesn't fit into there, either. He was killed because Littlefinger and Lady Tyrell had their own ambitions. Baelish wanted Sansa to himself and chaos in Kings Landing, and Olenna wanted someone that her granddaughter could manipulate.
Cuba is not a state.
I still hold that argument. Not that Aaron didn’t hit more, that much is obvious, but it took him way more years and way more at bats to tie Ruth let alone surpass him. Therefore, while Hammering Hank has the most home runs of any clean player ever, Ruth was simply a better home run hitter and that’s hard to dispute.
Quark. Guinan was way too nice, although I enjoyed her relationship with Q. Quark was pretty much a top tier candidate for the MVP of DS9 for me. He pretty much defined how we think of Ferengi, whereas Guinan's species were barely touched on. The root beer scene alone was better than any scene I can think of involving Guinan on TNG, and involved very little effort, just casual dialogue, which is mainly what Guinan's scenes in ten forward provided.
As a right-libertarian (of the minarchist variety) similar to yourself, I can't stand collectivism in general and more often than not it seems to be left-wing people and groups that push it, although I'm also annoyed by right-wing nationalists of who push religious or ethnic-based "us vs them" arguments. Civic nationalism I'm fine with, although I sometimes disagree with their points, but the idea of "American jobs for American workers" and being opposed to outsourcing jobs, to me at least, isn't comparable to the above. So while you may have chosen to begin your post with describing yourself, OP, I see you as an individual who happens to be those things. Ethnic background, sexual orientation, who you voted for, those only define you if you let them. As a fellow libertarian capitalist free thinker, even though I am a white cisgender heterosexual male, I'd gladly choose to freely associate with you over people who are considered to be "more like" myself by sharing qualities that we have no control over. But, INTJs in general are ruled by logic rather than impulsive emotion so I'm probably not saying anything profound here. I've had numerous friendships destroyed recently by people that were in my life that subscribe to collectivism and being ruled by their feelings.
I totally get it, it's just a sad state of affairs, culturally today. "You're LGBTQ+? The alphabet mafia demands you think a certain way", "you're a person of color? Then this person is your enemy, and this person is your friend." "You're a Christian? You can't vote for this person, they support gay rights and abortion rights." I was really hoping that the "Kanye moment" would have been a breakthrough for shattering the collectivist programming, but it sadly seems that more people are brainwashed now into groupthink than ever before.
He’s a native of Milwaukee, just like the piece of shit owner of the Thunder moving a team he bought to his hometown.
Establishment politicians have been trying to primary out non-cooperative congressmen for decades, this is nothing new. I kind-of wish Massie would pull a Amash though.
Agreed. Gray area is something that DS9 had an abundance of while most of the other shows were too preachy with the Federation representing white and the enemies representing pure black. As much as I loved TNG, there wasn't much room for nuance with their adversaries. Q was evil, the Borg were evil, etc. Quark and Garak were very gray, in a fantastic way. And even amongst the gray, you can argue that Quark was more of a "light gray" and Garak a "dark gray".
Kobe was a Mets fan, btw, so jocking his style is OK.
The (Atlantic) Highlands of Monmouth really look small by comparison to North Jersey.
Boston goes directly to Dublin? Pretty sure half of New England would donate to make this happen, and half of Ireland would donate towards preventing it from happening.
By Westerosi non-Targ standards, first cousins marrying isn't incest. Tywin's wife was his first cousin. Her father was Tywin's uncle. It only feels like incest because Jon was raised as Ned Stark's bastard son, not his true born nephew. Robert Arryn is Sansa's first cousin, and nobody sees any taboo about the prospect of them marrying.
Vince Carter played twice as many games in New Jersey than Drazen Petrovic did. The only difference is that Vince is alive and Drazen is not. Played the same position.
I guess Jasmine wasn't an ENFP then.
400 hours of entertainment is a stretch. I had a few hours of entertainment with dozens of hours of grinding in between. What do you get for filling up the museum? Nothing.
Nearly 60 years later and New Hampshire is still the weird cousin the Northeast find it hard to relate to.
We came late because we had no reason to be involved. Public support for entry to the war was low until the Japanese bombed Hawaii. Germans make up the number one ethnic group in the country, and many celebrities, such as Charles Lindbergh, at the time one of the most famous Americans, were pro-axis. The UK held their own admirably surviving alone from 39 to 41, but the US had no reason to consider the invasion of Poland “our fight”.
A lot of the dukes in England are descended from bastards from royal houses. The Dukes of Beaufort are direct male descendants from the House of Lancaster which died out in the legitimate line in the 1400s. The Dukes of Grafton are direct male descendants from the House of Stuart who united Great Britain in the 1600s.
Roosevelt's Japanese oil embargo is what did it, IMO. Went into effect on August 1st, four months later they declared war.
Likely, the above INTJ doesn't care. Source: INTJ.
Not-so-fun fun fact: The largest mass-lynching in American history was of Sicilian immigrants in New Orleans.
Just my $0.02 - My girlfriend broke up with me last month over personality conflicts, she was an extroverted empath type. My previous girlfriend before that and I broke up over political conflicts. For an INTJ relationship to work, I find your partner has to be able to understand and relate to how you process things, that you value logic over feelings, aren't comfortable with arbitrariness, etc. My best relationships were with an INTJ, an INTP and an INFJ.
Well, 12 Sicilians and one mainland Italian accidentally killed along with them because the mob thought he was Sicilian too.
I said mass lynching. Most people killed in Wilmington were by gun fire.
Not ordering the right products I guess. My friends who work there claim that they mostly handle Nintendo Switches and dildos.
Still feels weird seeing Pirlo associated with Juve and that began nearly a decade ago. Everyone in Italy turns into a zebra eventually.
You play on top of one of the busiest train stations in the country, in the heart of midtown Manhattan. It's also known as a place to "be seen" for celebrities. How many people in suits on their way home from work do you see at Knicks and Rangers games? Almost never at a Nets or Islanders game. Because, the only commuters who go to Atlantic Avenue are headed into Brooklyn or Long Island, and the LIRR station at Barclays isn't very popular. But MSG? Literally every borough, Long Island, and New Jersey. The MSG even has the 1 train which brings you to the SI ferry. Other than the BK-to-QNS G train (which doesn't go to Barclays Center), every train in NYC goes through Manhattan.
Miss you Hallsy. (But not as much as Rico)
Because, ignore my above comment all you want, it has nothing to do with your roster, or your merchandise, or your branding. It's about your location. You play on top of Penn Station. The Rangers can also be ass and still draw business people from Jersey and Long Island and Staten Island and all over the tristate. Does anyone talk about the Knicks? No. Because you're irrelevant and have been since Melo left, and before that you were irrelevant since Ewing left. Knicks thought they were gonna get LeBron, then it was Kawhi, then it was traded KP to get KD and Kyrie. Delusional franchise, delusional fanbase.
