Was referencing your 'six months is short' comment.
'ninjitsu' isn't anything. It's made up nonsense. The closest thing to 'ninja' in modern society are special ops guys in the military, not some dudes in black pajamas poorly waving swords at each other.
Nothing so flashy. 19 seconds. Guard pull to armbar.
All the shit attributed to ninjas was performed by samurai or peasants and wasn't secret or hidden or anything. It was just the japanese version of the green berets in WW2.
WarWheel
Yup. She smashed me.
The thing is, against no resistance at all you can make ANY technique look usable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3m10z6-lzc Cael Sanderson, king of the low single, will help you.
Yeah, you'll need time to adjust, and you'll probably want to eat a little more protein than you're used to to help with your muscle recovery, and make sure you're getting enough sleep (though with two toddlers running around I assume sleep is something you remember fondly from the distant past).
&gt;Watching youtube videos isn't the same as learning martial arts, kiddo. Get out of your house for a while. As much as me and /u/anonlymouse disagree on some things, I would bet any amount of money that he would wipe the floor with you and has likely done more training this month than you've done in the last year. &gt; That's why I said "properly trained KM fighters." This is known as the 'No True Scotsman" fallacy. When the vast majority of people who train something are training it in a shit way then the people who don't suck are the exception, not the rule, and you have to accept that.
&gt; vast majority of advanced kravists are highly skilled fighters. Citation needed. We've seen zero evidence of this.
Yes. You actually have to provide evidence to back up your claim. Why? Because the existing evidence for people who claim Krav Maga training is that they don't train very well for fighting outside of one specific group (Fit2Fight which we've mentioned before) so if you want to say that those guys are good, then we're all in agreement. If you want to say Krav Maga in general is good, then you're going to need to provide broad based evidence to support your assertion.
They certainly weren't training under Maeda directly for 3-5 years. We know that shit for sure.
Some percentage of your rolls should be fairly hard, 85-90% intensity level. But not all of them. Or even the majority of them. I try to keep my pace at around the 70% mark all the time. If I can't pull something off at 70% intensity then I work on improving the technique until I can.
Just declaring something 'the truth' doesn't make it true.
I believe you may be overlooking Jon 'Eye Gouge' Jones in your assessment.
Shut your whore mouth! Though actually you are right, some fucker went and relabled his inside single video to low single for some reason, and now I can't find the actual inside single video from that session.
There USED to be a video from that same session with Ricky Lundell that had him showing the low single, so I just grabbed it and assumed it was the same one. But it's a duplicate for some reason. :(
You, as the person making the positive assertion, have the burden of proof. Just as if I told you there was an invisible teapot orbiting the sun opposite the earth the burden of proof would be on ME to provide proof of it. You are claiming that the majority of Krav gyms spar the same way MMA gyms do. So the burden is on you. The only Krav group I know of that does that is Fit2Fight, and they aren't the majority.
Yup. That's not the only place you can use that frontside post, but it's how I use it. Emily Kwok has some good material on it.
Alan Orr and his guys are successful MMA competitors with a WC base. At the end of the day it comes down to what training methods you are using. That was the message we preached at Bullshido and it hasn't changed. Aliveness is key. If you train with aliveness then the nonsense techniques and fantasy LARPing get discarded because they don't work. If you don't train with aliveness then you get a false sense of how successful your techniques are because you never actually try them against someone who is resisting.
Ah yes, how dare people not accept things without proof!? What kind of idiot demands evidence of things before they believe them?!
And if they DO something like that, then I will address their ACTUAL ACTIONS. If they keep their shit to themselves and train with everyone and generally act like a decent person inside my gym then I don't care what kind of nonsense goes on in their head. I'm not the fucking thought police.
I'm not sure where you think "keeping people safe" intersects with policing the thoughts of the people who are training. You're assuming that people who have beliefs that are unpleasant and disagreeable are going to commit violence based on those beliefs. &gt; involving people of all backgrounds and eliminating intolerant behavior. Except people of backgrounds that might include previous associations with white supremacist groups? &gt;Just ask, then you know. You give them a fair chance. Again, I'm not interested in being the thought police. If people act civilized and reasonable in the gym then that's what I care about.
Most people who train TKD can be overwhelmed by simple coming forward and smashing into them.
&gt; Expressed hostility management is a little bit different You're still assuming that there is overt hostility involved. If that's the case then of course action would be taken, but as I've said half a dozen times already, if someone's behavior is civil in the gym then I don't care what they their political beliefs are.
Taking both separately will be enough for your low level ammy fights. If you intend to get to a higher level you'll need a class that works on integrating those skills so that you can flow from striking to grappling and back, including things like clinch work against the cage. A lot of smaller MMA gyms don't have official MMA classes because they don't have enough people training MMA to support a full official class, so their MMA fighters work on their MMA integration during the regular classes. So, I suggest asking the coaches about it. Make sure they know your goals so that they can structure training for you accordingly.
Of course not. I'm not saying you should hold on and take the ride up. I'm saying the technique is neither illegal nor bad. It's part of a legitimate guard opening strategy. I never let people lift me up above waist high. I let go or I do something to prevent the lift. I would open my guard and try to convert into underhooks or a bodylock or something and secure a takedown off of the exchange.
Just hard enough that I constantly think I've almost got him.
So, these are not estima locks, they are just wildly uncontrolled standing straight ankles being applied by Erberth. They are legal at all belt ranks, but you're not going to get a lot of finishes with them unless you get extremely good at catching the angle properly on the initial grip because you have a limited amount of distance you can use to put pressure on the ankle. He's catching a really really nice initial grip with a good fold on the ankle and then arching into hard to make his opponents weight help him maintain the pressure on the ankle.
Oh yeah, we have the worst onboarding of any martial art I've ever seen. There are plenty of gyms where it's still just "Here's your gi, jump in with normal class, you get to try to learn whatever they are learning today, then roll and get smashed." That's just not the best way to build people. It does weed out people who aren't already tough and motivated, but I'd rather work on turning those people who aren't tough and motivated into killers than just sharpening up someone who is probably going to be effective regardless. That's one of the reasons I've worked so hard on my own curriculum and beginners program.
It's not a super common position, so nothing comes to mind. I have some specific sequences I use when passing that result in completing the pass in reverse KoB, then backstepping to mounted triangles, and when someone is being really tight and passive with their arms from the bottom of KoB I go to reverse Knee on Neck to force them to open up their arms and change the angle for attacking them. I also use Reverse KoB to attack knee bar entries and other leg entanglement entries. Mostly I use it as part of my mobility based top pressure game to transition around peoples frames while maintaining constant pressure.
This is normal, it's going to be the same no matter what you do. The only real way to make it better is to keep training.
Your hips are too close to his and your leg is trailing. Get out 90 degrees from him and put on the pressure. Don't leave your leg just dangling near his.
If you're catching anything multiple times per round it's time to switch off. Either show your partner how to avoid it, or just transition off to other things unless you are very specifically trying to get reps in to improve that one technique.
Entertaining and silly to watch. Fun to do.
For every single table?
Adcc is considered a 'bjj' tournament.
That's flat nonsense. IDGAF what your mentality is, if you're untrained and in garbage shape you're going to get the fuck beat out of you by some hobbyist MMA guy that rides a desk for a day job but gets in the gym 3 days a week and works moderately hard.
&gt;Things like slams to open up guards or get out of submissions, disdain for wrist locks and ankle locks especially twisting locks like heel hooks and toe holds is common, also small joint manipulation is banned. Wrist Locks are legal in IBJJF competitions at blue belt and up, straight ankle locks are white belt and up, toeholds and kneebars and slicer attacks are brown and up. Heel hooks are banned in the IBJJF but allowed in a lot of other tournament orgs in no-gi divisions. Slamming is allowed in ADCC rules comps, but is generally prohibited in training for safety reasons. Small joint manip is banned because it's mostly pointless. You end up injuring people for no reason. We all break our stupid fingers and toes on a regular basis anyways, so I know for a fact I can keep fucking your day up even with a couple of fingers broken.
There are entire camps of BJJ guys that go immediately to leglocks, and are better at it than anyone in the catch or Sambo world. Wristlock threats are used all the time in other submissions, but the wristlock itself just isn't that effective of a submission compared to other submissions you can acquire from the same grips. And sure, no one WANTS their fingers broken, but trying to grab someones fingers and break them is not only extremely difficult, but unlikely to end a fight and would just result in a bunch of people with annoyingly injured hands for no material benefit.
So, while I agree that in the long term and for your overall jiujitsu you should work on your standup and develop your takedowns, you have to be conscious of the competition meta for something like Pans. If you are in one of the lower weightclasses, under 180 or so, you are rarely going to get the chance to work your standup. Your opponent will get JUST engaged enough to pull guard and then they will go right into DLR and start trying to invert on you, because that's just the fuckin meta of competitive BJJ. So you're in a race to secure effective grips and execute something before they can pull guard. With that in mind I suggest working on your standup AND working on specifically passing DLR and reverse DLR.
Put them up against the wall/cage and take them down off of the cage. For the other bit, I have no idea what you're even talking about.
There are some seriously badass blind BJJ and Judo guys, that if they get a hand on you will 100% wreck your shit.
I've trained with quite a few marines. Most of them definitely come in thinking pretty highly of their reputation as trained killers, because that's part of what building someone into a marine does. You have to be SUPREMELY CONFIDENT to walk into an environment where people are 100% trying to fuckin kill you. That doesn't make them bad people though, because their confidence is usually well deserved within their realm of expertise. The ones that start training are doing so because they are looking for something fun and competitive to do to keep in shape and enjoyed the combatives stuff they did. Some of them come in expecting to be better than they are, but most don't.
Was he keeping score or keeping TIME? Running the clock is frequently something that anyone does, whereas keeping score is usually the job of the person managing the table/ring.
It would definitely be weird to have someone under 18 running the table, so those people have to frequently argue with coaches and competitors and need to have a bit of authority with them.
The only events I've been to that had an ambulance on site have been MMA shows. I don't think the IBJJF even has ambulances on site for the event.
No, he means bolo punches. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolo_punch
Well, it shows you weren't paying very close attention.
The count was close. I'd probably have given the guy points for mount too.
Well, if the issue is that table workers aren't paying attention to the refs then it's something that needs to be brought up to GI so they can address it in their worker meetings and make their scoring as accurate as possible. If it's someone disagreeing with the ref scoring points then we can look at it and help GI either train their refs better, or the competitor to learn why the scoring was done the way it was.
If you stick your foot into my guard like that I'm going to take it home with me.
No matter how good you are, or how hard you work at it, at some point you're going to be old and injured and get fat and out of shape.
Damn, Mid-City would have been my recommendation, but maybe /u/Rand486 can offer another suggestion, he lived out there for a while.
Modern day would obliterate the oldschool in pure BJJ.
Closed guard is super effective when strikes are in play compared to when they aren't. Overhook Closed guard aka Vale Tudo guard is an excellent way to defend yourself from strikes while setting up attacks. Open guard where you have limited control over your opponents body is what gets less effective when they can slap the shit out of you.
Stand up if they aren't engaged. If they are engaged then play whatever your normal open guard is. DLR, SLX, spider, whatever.
Weak. 1/10, low effort.
lol. You have zero idea what you just saw. That's not a guillotine. It's a loop choke. I'm holding his collar. He is 100% unconcious when his shoulder drops onto me at 1:17, and likely he was out before that, but I know for sure he was out then. He was out and being actively choked until 1:28. Edit: I was informed I fucked up my timestamps, it's 1:07 to 1:18.
&gt; There is no such thing as a blood choke. We actually all know this, but because of language nonsense and terminology confusion 'strangulation' isn't really in the BJJ lexicon.
There are about 300 cubic inches of blood in the human body, on average, total. If we make the wildly inaccurate assumption that 50% of that is in the legs we get 150. So that gives us an absolute maximum of 5.4 psi from raising the legs. Which doesn't make a fucking but of difference because it doesn't alter the rate at which the body can perfuse oxygen into the blood. That's determined by breathing. It does nothing to increase the rate at which oxygenated blood reaches the brain. Nothing at all.
I've been choked out twice in 11+ years. I've choked other people out four or five times. I've witnessed something upwards of 40 people get choked out at various competitions and in class. Zero instances of brain damage, zero deaths. You can resort to personal attacks all you want, but that won't change the fact that you have no idea what you are talking about.
It's a transition to x-guard where you are halfway into an x-guard sweep that I don't know the name of.
If we mean 'old in comparison to the shit that came into being in the mid 1900s' then yes. I agree.
That's why I practice the ancient and venerable art of Red Panda Kung Fu. Handed down through my ancestors for four thousand years since the first peasant idled away his goat watching days studying the antics of the red panda in the countryside. He began to imitate their movements, first besting his brothers using the techniques demonstrated by the pandas, then his fellow goatherders. In time he began to teach the other goatherders, and when cowherds from the neighboring valley invaded they were easily defeated. From there he took his secret Red Panda Kung Fu to the cities where he taught a select group of students who used their art to defend the goatherds from marauding bandits. Eventually the local magistrate learned of his prowess and hired him to teach the magistrate's personal bodyguards. Using Red Panda Kung Fu the bodyguards foiled many assassination attempts and over time the art spread through the armies of the magistrate and the goatherd gained fame and renown. All of this is definitely 100% true and my family has been taught in an unbroken line for 4000 years and I can totally prove it with these secret scrolls documenting our lineage except that you aren't allowed to read the secret scrolls until you reach 16th dan grand master in our system, because they are sacred. But trust me, 100% battlefield and bodyguard tested in ancient combat. I swear.
If you give most people enough time they'll tap you from there, so don't just sit there with the arm bent. You need to work actively to escape.
Forearm in the throat is good jiujitsu from everywhere.
It's a real risk, it's just not a big one.
Are you kidding? Bring everyone you can talk into coming.
Brown belt medals BARELY matter. Black Belt medals are the only ones that really mean anything. Edit: Oh, I won a bunch of medals at white and blue belt. It didn't seem to have any relationship to my promotion speed.
You don't have to poke someone in the eyes though. Just hit them in the face with your fist instead of poking the eye. Kick them in the thigh instead of the groin. Developing the skills to deliver strikes where you want them when the other person doesn't want that to happen and is also trying to hit you doesn't mean you have to be eyegouging each other.
Average? Nope. Average Judo blackbelt has about 5 years of training with very little of that comparatively spent on Newaza. So in a submission only format BJJ has an enormous advantage since getting thrown isn't as big of a deal.
I think that's probably a couple of steps down the road. Getting a handle on the idea of how to drill in an alive manner is definitely the first step, and isolated and very specific drilling like this is a good second step. Given some time working this sort of thing, and working in a more free form type of randori against each other is probably a good idea before moving on to try randori against judoka or wrestlers.
Yeah, posture + pressure.
It's a loop choke variant sometimes called a 'Cobra Choke'. The reason most instructionals don't get super deep is because if you're super deep on the collar grip then your wrist has to bend in order to get your elbow up high enough for your hand to get under it. That makes the choke weaker than if you are able to maintain a straight wrist.
How the fuck do you squat properly if you can't go ass to grass? Learn to lift weights correctly, drop all of your numbers down about 50% and fix your form.
I lived in Baltimore for a couple of years, you ain't hard.
Always defend. In a competition if your coach is yelling stuff your opponent is going to hear it and react as well, learning how to anticipate and adapt to that is a good skill to work on.
100% Keenan got robbed. The match was back and forth on sweeps and submission attempts, but Keenan took dude's back and held it for quite a while, by far the most dominant exchange in the match. The other guy had a last second no control footlock attempt that 2 refs gave him an advantage for to tie it, then 2 refs gave him the decision.
Submission only promotes a whole host of other weird niche issues, and submission only with time limits, ref decisions, and draws or non-submission overtime isn't real and can be gamed.
Which is why the little people have to move first. All of us who AREN'T trying to make a name for ourselves have to support these smaller organizations so that they have the funds to expand, and become large enough and prestigious enough to attract the guys who are trying to make a name.
Doesn't really matter. You'll be an average blue belt. And an average purple belt. And an average brown belt. And an average black belt. Just like everyone else.
You will make actual mistakes in time, these are not mistakes they are just the natural consequence of being a noob. And I knee ride peoples nuts all the time, legit passing technique.
Your priority is Defend -&gt; Escape -&gt; Advance -&gt; Submit. Once you can defend yourself and avoid being instantly submitted in bad positions you start working on Escaping those bad positions back to neutral ones, then you work on Advancing from neutral positions to superior ones, then once you can get to those superior positions you start to work on Submitting. It really is the last priority. One thing you need to do is reframe your perception of what 'Offense' means in BJJ. Sweeps are a form of offense, and they are the form of offense you should look for first. It's ALWAYS better to be attacking from the top than from the bottom.
Side control itself is not a scoring position, the points are awarded for passing the guard.
Grab the collar, pull the hair. My hair is super long, if I don't want it pulled I should cut it. That's on me to deal with, not on my partners to deal with.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6x-cG9giKXY There you go.
There are plenty of high level people that don't play all kinds of things. That doesn't create a generalized statement at all. If you took a poll of EVERY high level BJJ player and asked them if they would prefer to start with closed guard and an overhook vs starting from standing, would they I bet you would be hard pressed to find someone that didn't prefer that option. The reason you don't see it in high level grappling is because people fight like MAD to avoid getting caught in closed guard, or giving up the overhook.
Yes. At least 2 people who regularly post on the subreddit have it.
What is 'substantially'? Because I fuck up people way stronger and bigger than I am on the reg.
You might want to rewatch that fight. it lasted about 5 minutes. Hackney landed maybe 3 shots, none of which did anything, and ate about 20 knees to the head before Royce pulled guard on him. He landed maybe 1 more punch of any significance after that point while Royce punched the shit out of him for a while until the armbar opened up. Hackney got destroyed without offering much in the way of offense.
I think everyone just agreed that the attacker was a small drunk guy here. Neither athletic, nor determined.
Would this apply only to the adult/juvenile ranks or to the Master/Executive ranks as well? Would there be a minimum number of competitors required in a given division for it to qualify? As an example, could a Masters 2 blue belt sign up for an empty division at Pans or Worlds, take gold, and then end up competing at purple belt the next season? I agree that having a proper competition seasons would probably be good for the sport, and I agree with all of these on the surface, but there might be some small issues that need to be worked out in the corner cases.
I agree with all of this.
If people have shitty base I'll sometimes shove them over with my foot. We call it the 'Sparta Sweep'. So long as the dude isn't actually like kicking you painfully or something then it's fine. Control his legs more in the scramble.
All guards are either closed or open. You're in seated butterfly most likely, and you have no contact because you did it wrong. Why are you sitting with no engagement?
Late afternoon is the fucking worst. At around 3-4pm I'm usually starting to fall asleep. But since my workday ends at 4 I can grab an hour nap if I need to and then I'm good.
Usually not until much closer to the event. I don't think there was a full list of them until the month before last year.
No, I read that part. It's irrelevant to the fact that if your opponent is flailing and gurgling then your choke is trash. Fix it and they won't be able to not tap unless they decide to go to sleep, in which case you sleep them.
These are both horrible answers. Systema is always garbage, and Krav is random, could be good, could be nonsense.
Not everything is about you. Not everyone wants to spend 20 minutes explaining open guard defense to someone who doesn't even know how to shrimp yet for whom the information is going to be totally irrelevant. Sometimes you're just there to train for yourself.
Swiffer.
What do you mean girly? It's a plain white gi. Looks generic as fuck.
Good lord, that is a terrifying skeleton body you have there. I would be concerned about the injury risk at that build. Have you had any trouble with it or has it been manageable?
If you're squeezing and driving forward with that grip then you're doing a neck crank, no choke involved.
Very useful for getting the fuck up off the ground if X number of people want to hold you down and stomp you to death. Also, where do you get the idea that MOST realistic scenarios are 1 v many?
The forearm isn't how it's done now, or how it was done before. The wrist crook is the current style of finishing grip. The old school style was the crook of the elbow. The wrist crook was more common among certain groups like the guys from Gokor's lineage, but was definitely not widespread in BJJ until the last 5-6 years.
You're mistaking isolated pockets of change for widespread adoption.
Zero people are disputing the existence of those grips prior to the DDS. I've posted multiple instructionals prior to that era showing those finishing mechanics.
&gt; Leg locks had been available for much longer than five years Zero people have said anything that this statement is relevant to.
To a much much lesser degree. BJJ and Sambo are primarily populated by adults, people with jobs who are in their mid 20s or later and just can't afford to go hard on the grind like that constantly. Their bodies can't handle it the way a 16 year olds can, and they can't be as dedicated to the sport as someone who just has no other responsibilities. Now the PRO COMPETITORS in those sport absolutely train in a similar manner and do get similar results, but Wrestling has been maturing for literally thousands of years. It's one of the oldest combat sports there is and has been refined constantly. They are just fucking GOOD and turning out stellar athletes.
I've had a pair of Fuji Victorys which are pretty much the same as the All Around for like 6-7 years now and they are both going strong even though I machine wash and dry them with fabric softener and roll with 300 lb dudes who throw me around by the sleeves. I can not recommend Fuji highly enough.
Look to the sky and engage your HIPS to posture. A lot of people round their back and try to use their back muscles to fight their opponents posture breaking attempts, you need to be leading with your hips. At the same time you need to be keeping a strong base with your knees until you can stand up to complete the break, that means don't let your knees get close to each other. Your knees should always be 90 degrees apart. Once the guard is open you need to maintain control of the legs until you are past them. If you let your opponent have their legs back they'll just get them back in front and you'll have to start over.
After a couple of months you don't even have the basics down, whether you think you do or not. You're just aware of the basics. You're never going get a new move right away. It takes hundreds of reps before you can reliably execute new techniques. You probably don't have hundreds of reps of anything, much less a technique you just saw.
The dude has 7 years of Greco, he's got the grappling shit covered.
Correct. Away from the hips, towards the head.
Don't. Against guys with large weight advantages you want to avoid places where they can put their weight onto you. Closed guard is most useful when you are trying to break posture and bring people in close so they can't hit you, but bigger guys want to put that weight on you and smash, you want to avoid that. You want to switch to butterfly guard or a knee shield guard of some kind or another guard variant that lets you keep your legs between you and your larger opponent so that they can't get that weight onto you.
The advantage of being comfortable and well fed and relaxed is much higher than the advantage of cutting the 6 lbs.
The distinction is mostly meaningless. If you care about self defense then do some BJJ with striking.
Open guard is for when some bad shit has happened and you have fallen down and your opponent is still standing and somewhat disengaged. You need to either make enough space to tech stand without getting soccer kicked in the dome or bum rushed on the way up, or you need to sweep them so that you can come up with control. If they get close enough to try to kick you in the nuts then you should be able to entangle and sweep them relatively safely. If they hover near you but aren't actively engaging then you should try to move away and technical stand.
If she wasn't being arrested for not having an ID then there was no reason for her not to be able to walk away.
There's a difference between offering a school branded gi and requiring it from everyone. I'm planning on offering school branded gis for students at my gym, but I'm not going to mandate them.
You've been training for like 7 months, you're unlikely to be doing much of anything actually correctly yet, especially with your training time split across BJJ/MMA/Kickboxing/Boxing work. Keep training.
I have mild scoliosis, not super serious but my spine doglegs to the right at the bottom and my lower back muscle on the left side is way bigger than on the right because of the compensation. I also have osteoarthritis in my neck which predates BJJ. I have a list of stretches I got from my PT a long time ago and I do them on a regular basis and my back feels fine. Training actually seems to help it stay loose. If I skip training and spend a couple of weeks sitting at my desk it starts to hurt way more than if I'm training regularly.
Slideyfoot has a decent terminology reference that is still pretty reelvant. http://www.slideyfoot.com/2007/03/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-glossary.html Probably still the most comprehensive one out there.
I'll be watching it to see Amanda Leve wreck shop.
Seated butterfly guard. The moment they post up a foot you weave through and establish your DLR hooks.
I thought he didn't fight unless the money was right?
I'm calling Leve to win the whole thing.
Battery is someone physically attacking you. Assault is threatening harm without any actual harm being done. So, words are Assault, physical harm is Battery.
I mean, how does he get away with that? You guys are just blue belts. If I want to roll with a blue belt they might get away with turning it down once, but only if they aren't rolling any more for the night. If I've got you next then I've got you next. And I'd definitely have that guy next...
Because he's a piece of shit who is avoiding an active warrant for sexual assault.
You should always have control of your feet. They should not ever dangle past someones hips. If they are ON the hip they should be putting PRESSURE on the hip so that they are hard to move. That usually requires that you have either a sleeve grip or an ankle grip, which goes along with the 3 points of contact rule.
Yup. This is how being smaller and weaker than everyone works. If you quit now you'll never get past this point. I was in the same boat for a long time as the weakest and smallest guy in my gym. It took years of training for me to overcome that, it's going to take years of training for you too.
That's super the wrong way to handle that.
It's not 'no-gi' it's submission only. When there are no points there's no real incentive to fight hard for a takedown when you can just sit and get to work on your gameplan. In points tournaments there is SOME incentive for takedowns, so there is less sitting to guard immediately, but it's still almost always more advantageous to just enter ground work with the least effort possible.
My schedule is open tomorrow during the day. I'll be happy to review some videos. I'm also free tonight from 8pm Eastern until like midnight.
Five months is nothing. 3 hours a week is minimum progress levels. In 18 months you'll be able to wreck up untrained people, not 5.
Time to expand your game and learn actual small person BJJ. Tie him up with your feet on his hips and active hooks, sleeve and collar grips, dynamic guard recovery, constant backtake threats, etc... Learn not to fight strength with strength and instead look to divert around him.
The twist sweep is the basic SLX sweep. Just turn your knees to the outside of your opponents knee and down they go. My highest percentage sweep from SLX is to switch off to a sickle sweep.
Training isn't competition. Technically the rules are just whatever the gym decides.
In GOOD g&amp;p? A fuckton. Watch how Khabib controls his opponents from that leg ride back control with the cross grip on the arm and just smashes them, or how guys will pin their opponent in halfguard and punish them every time they try to escape. Conversely watch how people with poor controls get immediately reversed or escaped when they try to throw any kind of power, and thus people without strong top controls resort to essentially trying to game the score card by throwing very weak strikes with no commitment.
The BJJ community polices itself as well as possible and we're not going to stop anytime soon. If you bill yourself as a BJJ blackbelt and don't have a verifiable lineage then someone is going to show up to find out how good you are, if nothing else random drop-in purple belts will show up to train and people will find out if your gym isn't up to par. As for the rest, i think that people who make claims about their art should be willing and able to demonstrate proof of those claims. If you can't do that then expect to be called out on it.
It's a lot easier to add powerful GnP to functional wrestling than to develop functional wrestling after the fact. You'll be fine. Just get someone willing to throw on some gear and work to escape while you try to hold them down and punch them from halfguard top.
I tap multiple times on my partner, while saying tap. Occasionally I'll get caught with something by surprise and instead of "Tap" I'll make some inarticulate startled noise while tapping.
You said to rephrase what I said so that it didn't sound like a negative. So I did. I wasn't trying to give you more information. He's got a bunch of videos available, go watch them and you'll get a sense for the Aikido flavor that infuses his BJJ.
Really? Every gym I've trained at has that as an option.
He can't do that because it's fookin' illegal. /u/BasedNoface Don't use the saddle in tournaments where literally every submission you can perform from there is illegal for your division. Just stick to SLX.
DEFEND -&gt; ESCAPE -&gt; ADVANCE -&gt; SUBMIT. All that blue belt means is that you should be good at the defend and escape bits. Good enough that white belts rarely submit you and you can usually get back to guard from a bad place. That's it. You should be able to trash day 1 untrained people, but if they are big and strong they probably still give you some trouble and after 4-5 months you go closer to 50/50 with them. From here you should continue sharpening your defenses everywhere. The goal is to make it so everyone has a hard time submitting you and keeping you in bad positions. At the same time blue belt is the pokemon belt. Start browsing youtube, looking at dvds/books, picking the brains of upper belts and just trying EVERYTHING. Spend a week drilling one particular sweep or submission, mess around with a different guard pass every few days. Just expand your library of things you are familiar with. Some of them will just stick and you'll start using them, others will feel totally useless for now, but that's fine. Build up that vocabulary. At the same time start to work on stage three and working to Advance vs the white belts. You should be able to reliably avoid being trapped under bad positions against them, and getting in more reps of your escapes is always good, but you should start working on setting up sweeps against the white belts. Just find one sweep that you can setup and hit and just work it all the time against the white belts in sparring. You might be drilling random stuff, but your rolling will focus on either sharpening your defense against the upper belts, or honing a small handful of sweeps against the white belts. Usually only one or two. Once you get comfortable sweeping the white belts and getting on top you'll start working on guard passing as well against them. Just one or two guard passes and just jam them all the time. Doesn't matter if you fail 1000 times at first. Just get the reps in until it starts working. From there you'll be able to start working your submissions against the white belts, probably after about 6-8 months. By the time you've been a blue belt for a year the 3 month white belts will see you as some kind of unstoppable grappling god, even though you'll still be trash compared to the guys who have been purple belts for a year.
You're still an idiot today, just like you were an idiot the last time we had this discussion. Your delusions can't masquerade as facts anymore now than they could then. Your own coach has a long background in competition and in training competitors. You waffle back and forth between claiming your school has a bunch of guys that compete or that you have one guy that competed once, you can't even get your own story straight. There's zero proof that you can fight worth shit in any way shape or form but you keep spouting off like you're an expert. Just stop posting completely, you have no idea what you're talking about.
In a couple of Asian promotions. Not under unified rules which is what the UFC/Bellator/Most mid level promotions use.
Rolling WITH plastic headgear is more annoying than rolling against it.
The headgear can get twisted, grind against your face, get caught up in gis or fingers, and generally just a be a nuisance.
My beauty is mythical. And I have a ton of rolling footage.
AK Athletics. I get a 12'x12' mat for about $500 with free shipping.
I've trained at their Raleigh location and with guys from their other locations. All very cool people.
This just isn't the case. There will be a ton of trial and error, your progress will be super slow, and you will make mistakes, but you will improve. People without access to instructors have been doing it for decades. It totally sucks, but it is possible.
If you don't either have preposterously long legs, or a very narrow shoulder opponent, you're almost never going to hit this. People don't feed their arms into your guard like that on a regular basis at high levels.
You've taken more shots to the head in 11 months than I have in 12 years.
It's a matter of time. People have limited time to train. Do you spend that time on skill acquisition, or on physical attributes? Most wrestlers are in school, they don't have the same kind of obligations that your average BJJ student does. They have the time to do both skill acquisition and physical development. If you want a real comparison you compare those guys to the competition teams of places like Atos and Checkmat. Nobody can look at Buchecha or Leandro Lo and tell me those guys aren't in incredible shape.
Just go start training BJJ. There's zero reason to do yoga first. The only beginner tip or trick you need is how to find your nearest gym.
Just go train.
People say all kinds of shit and don't actually understand the terms they are using.
That's not how your circulatory system works. The second pressure is released full circulation is immediately restored to the brain. Raising the legs does exactly nothing. By the time you even reach someones legs all of the blood that was in their brain is out and replaced with fresh blood. There is ZERO reason to raise the legs of someone who has been choked unconscious. None at all. Recovery position or leave them alone are both better.
&gt;rely on size and strength Rely on and use aren't the same. You use the least amount of strength you can get away with, but you use as much as you need. The goal is to be able to get away with using very little, so that when you need that strength it's there to draw on. If you're always using maximum strength then you don't have anything in reserve when your technique fails. The better your technique is the larger a multiplier for your attributes it will be.
Ah yes... "Move away from your job to buy houses in random lower COL areas." that's an economically sound idea for people who are living with a minimum of savings already. I really don't think people understand what the situation is with the vast majority of people who are in the 25-35 range is right now economically. They don't have the money to move. They don't have the money to put a down payment on a house outside of the area where they work that then causes them to have to buy a car and support it. Millenials as a group do not have the financial wherewithal to buy houses. Some of them absolutely do, but as a group they do not.
That will always happen initially. Our sub, and the more prolific posters, have downvote fairies/brigades that will downvote shit immediately. Give things few hours and they normally settle out. Though in this case, 'ban half the subreddit' isn't likely to be a popular opinion regardless of how reasonable the logic behind it.
I feel like reverse kesa is criminally underused in BJJ. Fantastic pinning position, great transition options.
Unless you're in the SHW category I flat out don't believe you.
Meh, I've rolled with judo blackbelts and didn't find it impossible to take their back vs Kesa. The fact that I don't actually have to try to explode out to escape to avoid losing to pin makes it so much easier to defend their submission options while I grind my elbow down, chase their hips, and look for single leg back control. When we roll using Judo rules Kesa fucks me up hard because you have to immediately flex and bust out or you lose, which opens you up to a lot of submissions.
Look in your area and see what's available, go visit the gyms that have classes that fit your schedule, see which one you enjoy doing more. Do that.
Easy solution to that is to stop doing bicep curls.
Expect it to take like a year to 18 months to develop your skills to the point that you can get a legitimate submission on a day 1, totally untrained, 160lb male. You're working from a huge disadvantage because of gender and size. It's never going to be easy. The strength of BJJ is that it's possible at all.
&gt;many gyms have started to ditch the Gi Citation needed. I know of 0 gyms that went from primarily Gi based to primarily No-gi. Do you have any specific examples?
Most clothes will stand up to 3-4 minutes of grappling. The gi is just so you don't have to replace your clothes every roll.
No. No. Grappling is the kind of full body exertion that few other things can offer. Most people who train it will lose weight for at least the first couple of years until they get good and conditioned enough to reduce the effort load. I did striking for a decade and like grappling better. I enjoy ground based grappling more than standing grappling.
Getting choked unconscious for a few seconds is harmless. Has never shown to have lasting impact on brain health or function. However there is always some risk, so it's not generally advisable to hold out on chokes until you go out. Tap early, tap often.
If you're going to quit when you get steamrolled day 1, you're probably still going to quit when you get steamrolled on day 241.
The shitting on generally happens when someone makes a claim that has absolutely no evidence behind it.
Focus. If your escapes are solid and you can mostly keep yourself safe, then you need to get your offense working now. Pick one sweep and just work on getting to the position of that sweep 100% of the time, once you get there, execute it. Doesn't matter what happens just get there and execute over and over and over again.
Jokes on him. My sternum is mature and robust. Like a fine whiskey. The kind of sternum envied by men the world over.
I think he started training right after I got my purple. So still quite an impressive run. But not QUITE as impressive as white to brown in 2 years, which is what it would have been if he started BJJ when I got my brown. :)
They instituted OT time limits, and have messed with adjusting them a few times. I'd say it doesn't make a ton of difference. Maybe chopped the total length of the event down by 15-20 minutes from what it would have been.
Brandon is excellent EVERY TIME he's on the Mic for anything.
This is not a good way to spend your training time, for either person. Be proactive, create openings and opportunities. /u/kylergreen I suggest framing on the side of his head and pushing it off center to one side or the other and working towards an Omoplata. If they keep their head down you get the Omo, if they posture away from it you get space to move and continue attacking triangles or sweeps.
I'd have to double check that. You might have to make sure that the foot of the trapped leg is in front of your chest, not under your armpit, when you attack the top leg. But peeling the top leg for the ankle lock is legal.
Yeah, cloverleaf is definitely illegal. And obviously all of this relies on having a referee that actually knows the rules for real and doesn't DQ you immediately.
Judo is way more popular and available in most of the world than wrestling is. Even in the USA Wrestling is mostly available to people who are currently in highschool or college and has very limited availability after that point. Also, there are no hobbyists in wrestling. When you watching wrestling you're always watching people who train 5 days a week, 3 hours or more a day. If you want to compare the relative speed of the two arts then compare Wrestling to Judo in the Olympics, which is not slow. Also, judo does have limited ground work and a solid arsenal of pins and submissions to go with its throws. Wrestling has no submission work at all. Sambo is closer to a Judo/Wrestling hybrid, but has less availability than either of the other arts worldwide.
Depends on whether you are trying to learn shit or trying to win rolls in the gym. If you're trying to learn shit then you only go as hard as you can go while still being able to think through and execute the technique you are working on cleanly. The better you get, the harder you can roll effectively. But the rule of thumb should be that you do shit RIGHT first, then you do it fast.
If it succeeds, and you did it correctly, then it's fine regardless of how much intensity you used. If you don't know if you did it correctly then you need to slow down until you KNOW you did it right. If you can't slow down and still succeed then you need more practice with the technique setup and execution.
Scissor sweep to Wing sweep.
This question answers itself. Don't let them posture up.
You want to be captain vigilante pants and roam the subways and interfere in random shit until you get stabbed to death by a junkie that's totally your option. Go fuckin wild. But don't get all judgy at me from your moms basement about my decision not to do dumb shit like that.
Basic core work should be enough.
It's five classes, jesus fuck dude. Why do you expect to be good after 5 classes? Go take 5 classes of guitar lessons and then play freebird for me. Go take 5 classes of spanish and then write me a play in spanish. If after five classes you could do ANYTHING to someone who has been training for 20 or 200 or 2000 times longer than you then what would be the value of the training?
I got caught that way as an experienced purple belt by a six week white belt because I didn't think he knew the ezekiel yet, and didn't do anything to control his arms. It was hilarious.
It will be a million times better than no training and a purple belt is perfectly capable of teaching noobs, especially if he's still continuing to develop himself by visiting his black belt coach.
Not sure. All I've heard is second and third hand accounts.
Except the boyd belt thing is total fucking nonsense. I'm a 38 year old, 150lb brown belt. I'm not having trouble with 18 year old white belts my size. Or 28 year old 175lb blue belts. A better scale is that Male vs Female is worth a belt rank at the same size, and 50lbs is worth a belt rank. That's a lot more realistic of a measure. I've not found Age to be that big of a factor.
I can't see decently past my fingertips. I don't wear glasses or contacts for training. Sometimes I'll put my glasses on to watch the technique demonstration, then put them on a bench on the side for drilling and rolling. It's not really a problem. You don't need to be able to see more than a vague outline of your opponent outside of arms reach.
Yes. That's what changes when you turn your hips over into the knee. You are now in a standard kneebar position where it's legal to attack the trapped leg. If you are still turned so that your hips are in line with the side or the back of the knee then they call it reaping and DQ you.
Have you SEEN Buchecha? Gordon Ryan? BJJ is amazing for big, strong, athletic people. Wrestling is ALSO amazing for small people. Watch the 135lb division of NCAA wrestling events. Both are excellent for big or small people.
I mean, Ralph went 6-1 with his loss coming to Gomi. That's a pretty solid MMA fighter.
Maybe you should try training in an art with better quality control...
Can get down to South Africa, but can't get a show to happen in Atlanta... I see how it is.
I started at your weight in the same circumstance. It was about a year before I stopped getting completely murdered by everyone.
Should have used your hooks to flatten him out. That's what they are there for.
Yup. Watching Ziggy try to approach the label stack from different angles off screen to get the one he needed to be visible was a source of constant amusement.
Aggressive is usually the wrong word. Be assertive. Have an idea of what you want to do and work towards it relentlessly.
It's relevant for people who use energy shield as a primary defense without using chaos inoculation.
It's already been downvoted and flagged as spam. But the mods have fuckin christmas too, give them 10 goddamn minutes with their families.
This question is irrelevant. Tap whenever you think you need to tap, regardless of where you are. Telling someone they can't tap due to weight or pressure or whatever is a good way to have a noob throw up on you mid roll.
Both illegal and useless.
KoB or technical mount on top. Butterfly and KSH for guards. I regularly roll with multiple 300lb dudes.
I think Ryan's grip on the other leg tricked BJ, he wanted to kick that leg free and clear it and didn't realize in the moment that the attack was an outside heelhook on the other leg.
Iminari rolls are still extremely popular in submission rulesets where heel hooks are allowed.
I'm a BJJ brown belt. I just live with whatever pain I happen to have so long as it's not preventing me from moving. Because of the non-cooperative nature of BJJ you're going to be sore sometimes. Tap early, tap often, don't try to use attributes to escape submissions near the extreme end of the application. If you're getting armbarred and your arm is getting tweaked that means you tapped too late. Same for pretty much every other joint lock. You should tap before you feel pain of any kind, when you know you're not escaping.
Str8 ankle is legal in all of the comps. They are NOT frowned on. The primary str8 ankle lock position is Single Lex X-guard, which is one of the strongest possible guards, so just working on that guard alone is worth the time you'll spend there. Finishing the straight ankle is a solid option, but you need to learn to fold the ankle, not stretch the foot.
Who's the 6'6", 185lber?
Yes. I use it in gi and no-gi. Though in no-gi I'm more likely to be using a slightly different leg game since heel hooks are legal.
He had to drop out because he injured his rib in the Lo match.
No, they fucked it up. Matches are running now. First womens final match just finished.
Nope, that was a mistake. Finals are on now.
This is some advanced level of not understanding math.
Right, it's the kind of thing you hear and think, "Oh, ok, that makes sense I guess." then you see how the points are actually awarded and it's just... Uhhh... wtf?
When you've been training longer than they have.
I've been training for 12 years across three different gyms, I've visited a dozen or so other gyms and trained at them. I've never rolled with someone who I felt was trying to take out their shitty day on me. I've rolled with maybe 2 people who tried to be mat bullies. I've rolled with a few idiots, but they were always more dangerous to themselves than to me. I've never rolled with anyone who ignored the tap, and that's the most important part. You tap and no matter how shitty of an experience you're having right then it stops. Anyone who doesn't respect the tap should be thrown out of their gym.
He's not wrong. Wrestling is the skill that determines where the fight happens. If you have awesome BJJ, but struggle to get guys to the ground then you're going to have a hard time implementing your ground game. Even in cases where you do drag the fight to the ground you'll have worked harder to get it there and have less of a gas tank to work. If you have spectacular boxing but can't handle getting low singled from halfway across the cage, or blast doubled off of the fence, then having one punch KO power doesn't mean anything. You can get by with just BJJ in Ammy MMA and even some low level pro if you're good enough at it, but it's much easier to spend some time developing solid basic wrestling at the very least.
i've probably watched more early BJJ than you have. All of the gracies in action stuff, super early BJJ comps from down in brazil on fuckin grainy ass VHS, all that shit. The striking and standup from the Gracie in Action vids is fucking atrocious. If your 'gold standard' for BJJ is slapping the shit out of some karate guy from top of mount then you're setting the bar WAY too low. I don't think you understand just how truly terrible at fighting the early BJJ guys were compared to the current generation of MMA fighters or BJJ guys. If 1995 Royce walked into most gyms today there'd be a post on reddit 2 hours later about how some fake black belt got smashed by all of the blue belts in the gym.
Your priority in BJJ is DEFEND -&gt; ESCAPE -&gt; ADVANCE -&gt; SUBMIT. At white belt most of your time is going to be spent on defending and escaping. The better you get at defending and escaping the more time you'll have to work on advancing and submitting.
I reserve my civility for people who aren't idiots, which you clearly are. BJJ has been a sport since the beginning. It's not 'going pure sport'. It's always been a sport. There have always been competitions for it. Even before it was labelled as BJJ there were competitions for it. The 'striking' in early BJJ was fucking terrible. The fact that you even think this is arguable shows how ridiculous you are. Do you not see how bad technically this is compared to modern competitors? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPaSaRKaqhg You don't think purple belt Devhonte Jones would walk through every dude in that room regardless of rules? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4iwvRz9PbQ
Yeah, I had a 10ft long burmese for a while and whenever I was hanging out with her I kept a bottle of vinegar handy just in case she decided to get too grabby, but I was always careful to never let her wrap around my neck because at that size a snakes CASUAL PRESSURE to hold on will put you right to fucking sleep.
I find it works against everyone pretty equally well.
Be a LOT more skilled than they are. If you are both equally skilled or near equally skilled then you're going to get wrecked if you're dialing back the intensity and they aren't. You can practice by dialing it back anyways, getting wrecked, and working on getting less wrecked over time. But that can also get you injured if you let dudes who are going hard have free movement.
MMA Competition was illegal in NYC until relatively recently, which means you had to travel out of state to compete. Made it easier for big gyms to open up elsewhere instead.
Contracts are pretty normal for BJJ gyms, just like most other gyms or martial arts places. I've seen 6 month, 1 year, and 2 year contracts. Usually with some price discount for the longer terms. It's standard business practice.
No. In theory if there are no black belts anywhere around then you can promote to the belt under yours. So a purple could promote people to blue. But that's super rare these days and is a holdover from back in the day where there were only a few black belts. And, of course, giving yourself a purple belt is not legit.
Considering that there are plenty of collegiate wrestlers who could walk through some purple belt tournies and win, even in the gi, but couldn't answer question 1 about butterfly guard or lapel chokes or anything else BJJ Related, I disagree. The belts have a component that is not competition performance based. If you have a purple belt on I expect you to be able to answer jiujitsu questions with jiujitsu answers, not with answers that require you to have been wrestling for 15 years.
I don't think they should have BJJ belts. That's 100% a marketing thing.
Framing on the throat from the bottom is 100% good.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Viz0FBN4jQ This is how I enter the sickle sweep from standing and how I execute it.
If people have less than perfect finishing mechanics they can have the choke fully locked in and I can still ride it out until their arms get tired and I can escape. It's rare for that to be the case with anyone above blue belt though.
Strength. Being 20% stronger than my opponents would make me unstoppable since I'm using to being like, 50% as strong as they are.
How long have you been training? For most people it takes a year or more to be able to actually consciously make a plan and move forward with techniques in a roll. Most of your time at white belt should be spent developing your defense and your escapes so that you are comfortable getting out of bad positions and getting back to neutral ones. Especially as a smaller female you're going to spend more time just trying to craft an invincible defense than anything else. Once you're regularly able to get to and maintain neutral positions you will be able to start taking the time to attack. If you want to try to short cut the process a bit you can pick a submission that you can apply from a position you regularly find yourself in, and just focus on that ONE THING. Most people who blank are blanking because they are waiting until they get to a position to think about what they should do next. If you already know ahead of time, "OK, if I get to closed guard I'm just going to throw up this triangle!" then you don't spend time thinking once you get there, you just jam the triangle. If it fails you go back to your defense, get back to guard, and do it again.
You, or someone else from this group, posts this like twice a year. No one has the info you are looking for and no one cares. Your art is dead. Move on.
It's always ok to tap early.
When I started out there were 0 people in the gym my size, the next lightest guy outweighed me by 30lbs and was a pro fighter. So, yeah, you're doing good. And don't worry about other people, they'll deal with their own training, you worry about yours for right now.
It was filtered through TV/Movies as 'master'. Hence the bad englification as opposed to actual translation.
Are you some kind of bot? What is the deal with this? No one knows anything about this guy. Your art is dead. No one has the info you are looking for. Just get over it.
No need for chokes either. A gentle takedown and pin. Control and restrain.
Because it's explicitly against the rules. Make it legal and I have no problem with it.
That guys going to be crippled before he gets to blue belt then...
Give us the name of the gym or the name of the BJJ instructor and in about 5 minuted we can tell you if they are good or not.
Yeah, that looks more like a fitness gym than a BJJ one, I'd go with a dedicated BJJ gym over that place.
Most likely they don't give a shit since outside of the iBJJF they can compete against top competition anyways, and they rarely do IBJJF events.
Alliance HQ in Atlanta or Team Traven HQ in Atlanta are options you should consider as well. But of the Florida gyms I think Brunos place sends the most guys to the IBJJF events.
Waiting tables, bartending, or bouncing all make good jobs for dedicating yourself to becoming a pro fighter since you can usually work Thurs/Fri/Sat nights and make enough money to pay yours bills.
Don't stop. Instead of rolling to all fours, taking some breaths, then deciding what to do, you roll through the all fours position and immediate turn back to face your opponent by rolling all the way over. Frequently this will result in an opportunity to sweep them.
The only one I've gotten to roll with felt like a wrestler in no-gi, lot of top pressure and scramble based guard passing, and like a judoka in the gi. Throw focused, dominant gripping game. I think the place you would see them as lacking in compared to BJJ is the library of submissions they use, and in the sweep game. With throws and pinning being a bigger deal they tend to get the fuck up more than try to sweep and they try to avoid submissions that might result in you getting pinned if they fail.
You're going to be spazzy. It's fine. The fact that you care about it means that phase won't last very long, but right now you have ZERO tools to use to accomplish any of your goals in grappling, so all you have is your physical attributes, and you don't even know how to apply those in this context yet. That's ok. Don't jump up in the air and land on people. Don't grab shit and yank/twist it full speed and full force. As long as no one is getting injuered, then you're doing fine.
Spazzing is when you don't know what you are doing but you are doing it as hard and as fast as you can.
I just prefer to shove people up against the cage and then single leg them off of there.
Ankle pick.
Keenan waited too long to pull, end of story. He needed to have gotten some action started earlier in the match, but he let Lo dictate too much of the pace.
This is why I don't like rolling with blue belts. They aren't good enough to be challenging, so it's a really unproductive roll for me.
Lol, the purple belt he's responding to is a fucking MORON. Strength training is good for you. It's good for your game. It's good for your health. Look at gymnasts and pro climbers, look how insanely strong they are at extremely low body weight. If you don't think that's good then you're smoking some serious crack. The only argument against strength training is if you have limited time and would have to replace skill work in order to add in your strength training. If you've got time left once you've maximized your skill training time then you should 100% be doing it, and if you're a competitor with serious aspirations you should 100% be MAKING TIME for strength training on top of your skill work.
Obviously. The points should award the person who maintains the more advantageous position.
So just train for 2 days a week, or 1 day a week, or skip a week or two. It's a hobby. If it's not fun then do something else for a while then come back to it later. If you don't have any hard specific goals for your BJJ then there's no reason to beat yourself up about not going when you have other things you want to do.
You need to be moving proactively to attack the sweeps and transitions, not sitting in DLR giving them time to fuck with your feet. If they are grabbing your foot with both hands that means you don't have collar or sleeve control with your DLR. So you've already fucked up, which means you need to be even more aggressive with your attacks from the position or you need to bail out of it elsewhere. Getting your foot grabbed is a symptom of you having failed to achieve control in the position.
Wash your belt. It collects sweat and bacteria and shit from the mats and from your partners and from you just like every other part of your Gi. Not washing it creates an infection risk.
Cheerleading is statistically more dangerous than MMA. https://www.momsteam.com/health-safety/cheerleading-high-rates-catastrophic-injuries-concussions
Many of the techniques in pro wrestling come from various forms of legitimate submission grappling and have simply been modified with cooperative partners for the purpose of being showy without doing the same kind of damage. But yes, 100% if you pick someone up and slam their head into the ground it will fuck them up.
Step 1. Make sure opponent is half your size...
The route from carnival catch to modern pro-wrestling is pretty round about, but yeah.
lol, is this a joke? Judo is one of the hardest on your body, and absolutely the opposite of gentle. If fight effectiveness isn't a consideration then Tai Chi is probably more in your wheelhouse. If you want fight effectiveness then BJJ is as close to 'easy on the body' as you're going to get.
I mean, if you're already gonna fuck up like 5 times in a row the teep is probably fine.
If your sport jiujitsu doesn't involve posture control and controlling the arms of your opponent then your sport jiujitsu is trash and you're gonna lose.
Stripes don't mean anything. Pay them no attention. Train.
I mean, I've rolled with some 300+ lb dudes before and it sucks, but it's not some impossible situation. And i'm not particularly athletic or a good black belt. I'm a very mediocre brown belt who weighs like 145lbs. Any moderately athletic 185lb black belt would take Kemper's lunch money.
I'm going to put it up on glorious 4k on my 65 in TV tomorrow to review. But I can already tell /u/fritzdagger is missing a key component of any technique, which is post submission chicken and waffles.
If there's a good 4-6 hours between your sessions then 2x a day is great for learning, and a rest day between a 2x is better than 1x each day IMO.
I would probably also die, but I expect that yes, I could kill him. Knife wounds are often not immediately fatal, but usually eventually fatal. So I expect he'd get a chance to crack my skull open like a fucking egg before he bled out on the sidewalk.
He's not the exception though. It's a shitty 'rule' that rarely holds true. It works in /u/quinda's case because she's tiny, so 25 lbs is an enormous amount compared to her. But once you get up to even 150lb people that 25 lb difference is rarely if ever enough on its own to be worth a belt rank. If you start getting more specific like, me vs someone my same height, but who has 25 lbs more of PURE MUSCLE, then yeah, maybe we talking about them being a belt rank more difficult to deal with. But just me +25lbs of the same proportion of muscle/fat/bone isn't going up a belt rank in skill, and that's consistent with what i've seen during training.
I don't think other people should be held responsible for making sure you don't ever see anything you don't like. Scroll the fuck past it you fucking crybaby.
I'm 39 and I'll roll back to back to back to back rounds until the mats are empty.
i don't think that's because BJJ is inherently softer, it's that you have ability to exercise a lot more control over the intensity you work at and the amount of damage you're at risk of. In Judo you can only get so good at falling, and the ground doesn't give a shit about your sore knee. In MT your partner is going to hit you and the impact is gonna be what it's gonna be. In BJJ you can tap when someone gets to an sub entry on a bad leg, you can use skill to slow the game down and generally just reduce the impact and intensity available to your partner in ways that you can't do in the other sports. Two guys who want to go hard can go hard and it's just as intense as anything you'll find anywhere else, but the option to be less intense is there and that gives it longevity. There's a kind of danger in that as well though, there's a path that takes the sport too far into that reduced intensity and turns it into stripmall pajama hugging.
I've been here for 7 years and seen the subreddit go from around 10k people to 125k people. Regulation is formed by users downvoting things they don't like and moderators dealing with posts in accordance with the rules of the subrredit. If you want just technique discussion then go participate in /r/advancedbjj instead where no memeing or whitebelt questions are allowed. It's got super low activity and most of it is just technique videos.
It CAN BE softer, but it doesn't HAVE TO BE softer I think is the clear message.
I deserve it.
I'll be doing sled work coming up, but more for explosiveness than cardio.
We're not talking about your manboobs.... We're talking about those spindly toothpicks you claim are legs.
On this note, do you have any thoughts about skipping the absolute division at worlds next year to avoid another chance of a freak injury that takes you out of DESTROYING the insolent peons who dare face you in your weight class?
Most rules don't allow for any leglocks in the gi other than straight ankle lock until brown. that's when kneebars, toeholds, and slicers get unlocked.
You should pick reading comprehension. No submissions allowed for this silly question.
&gt;Most white belts aren't allowed to just go ham into leglocking without some introduction. All white belts are allowed to attack straight ankle locks. I dunno what the hell you're talking about.
I competed after 3 months of 2-3 day a week training. I felt fine, I went 1 and 1. The only thing you really need to know before competing is how to tap to keep yourself safe. If you actually want to win that's a different story.
&gt; I am finding it a bit difficult to be "aggressive" You have 180 minutes of mat time, you don't need to be aggressive. You need to pay the fuck attention to what's going on. You have zero tools to be aggressive with. Focus on learning how to defend yourself and keep yourself safe and move around.
You either trust that your coach knows WTF they are doing or you should go train somewhere else.
Pick up a copy of JiuJitsu University, it has a good structure and will kind of walk you through what you should focus on.
There would be way less of a difference than you would want after 10 years. But 10 years is a long time, so there's going to be some skill development. But the progression from one day a week is extremely slow and easy to lose when you are a beginner. An experienced person could train once a week and be able to train with focus and retain a solid amount, but any beginner trying to pick something up is going to see essentially zero progress for 1 day a week of practice. It's just like trying to learn to play an instrument by practicing only 1 day a week. You're not going to retain what you learn for a whole week without reinforcing it, so you'll constantly be relearning the same stuff. This is made worse in most martial arts where you don't get get to go back and work on that thing you forgot again, you have to move on to the next thing.
I don't give a shit about regular guys or what they do or don't do. I'm talking about training for people who want to maximize strength and may have a reason to minimize weight gain.
Rolling isn't the only way to learn those things. Specific sparring is the bridge between drilling and rolling where most people, especially new people, don't spend enough time.
&gt;Just because you’re a higher belt doesn’t make your opinions more right than a white belt. I'll be the first to say that I think that there are better ways to train and teach than the basic methods used by most gyms, but this whole 'my ignorance is as valid as your knowledge' thing is 100% retarded. You essentially just said that 15 years of experience learning and teaching doesn't actually mean anything. If you don't think the guy knows how to teach then go to a different gym, don't bitch about his methods. Hell, if you think a white belt is as good an instructor as a black belt then just go train with some friends in your garage. &gt;globalize a no rolling rule in your gym based off a few unathletic students is wrong and lazy on the gym IMO. You just made this up out of nowhere. There isn't a no rolling rule, and it's not based off of athleticism. The goal is to move people progressively through the stages of intensity over time. 2 months is NOT a long time. 6 months is longer than I would choose to use, but still isn't totally insane. &gt;But if you are paired up with him it’s your duty to the gym to not be a dick and help him catch up. No it's not. Every upper belt is not a coach. Every upper belt is not there to help new people catch up on the basics that they would be getting if they actually went through a program that eased them into rolling. Upper belts are PAYING MEMBERS OF THE GYM. I like coaching and I like teaching and I'm happy to grab a brand new person, coach them through some rolls and help them learn and catch up. That's me personally, there are other guys I train with who are trying to maximize their personal development. They need to be spending their time drilling their competition games and working hard on their own progress. If they roll with a new guy they are just going to use that time as active drilling and rep out the same technique on the dude over and over and over during the roll. There is NOTHING wrong with that and trying to claim that's 'being a dick' is denying that upper belts are entitled to the same level of training opportunity that anyone else is. They don't exist solely to teach the lower belts.
What's older? I'm 39 and I love me some heel hookery and leglocks in general.
BJJ photoshoot's are all weird, no matter who is doing them.
you, and the post you're quoting, are talking about maintaining full tension as if you're doing a crunch, which is wrong. Not maintaining an engaged core which is a flat out necessity for athletic movement and especially striking. If you just relax your core completely as opposed to carrying some tension in it to maintain engagement then you're going to be slower and more vulnerable than if you're keeping that constant engagement. Zero boxers are fighting with their core 100% relaxed. Full contraction happens at the moment of impact, but you're not going from floppy and relaxed to tense. You're going from slightly tense to fully tense.
Hey, my most successful clone just had an off day. We're going back into the lab, we're re-running that experiment and we're going to work out the bugs.
I'm sure the last time he learned something brand new he just watched it on youtube and then took it straight to Pans.
Not easy, but 100% possible.
JiuJitsu Columbus and GB columbus are the better of the three IMO. With JiuJitsu Columbus edging it slightly in terms of instructor credentials. They are all legitimate though and the biggest difference is going to be in schedule, price, and vibe for you personally.
That's /u/Rokasleo and he cut off his ponytail so he's dead to me now.
I've got $1000 that says that zero people can perform this escape on me from the referenced position. That means I get to start with the hand behind the head, the choking arm across and locked on the bicep. From there I will give $1000 to ANYONE who can escape my RNC at that point. If fuckin Rickson Gracie gave me that much of an RNC I'd finish that shit. That so far into 'you done fucked up' territory that it's a joke.
I don't think I'm allowed to respond to DanTheWolfman posts anymore since he threatened me with his judge friend who would totally have the CIA investigate me. But to get your $1000 you have to actually perform the escape successfully. :)
This guy maths.
Information didn't propagate the same way. Before this video was shot the only people who would have seen a boxing match would be the hundred or so spectators at the venue. One or two might be a local reported who would write the fight up for the local paper in super generic terms. Another few hundred or maybe a couple thousand people might read the account, but there would be no details they could use to glean a fighting method from it. If some guy with modern techniques was cleaning house then over the years people might find out about it and travel to train with him or under him, assuming he was willing to try to teach them, but it would still only be a small handful of people. For all we know there was some dude who had 100% modern boxing techniques in some backwater town somewhere who cleaned house in the local boxing matches at the fair or whatever every year, but never thought to go try to be a pro boxer because he had a farm and a wife and 3 kids to take care of.
Sambo has a MUCH larger talent pool than it appears on the surface. Most of their guys are competing in wrestling or judo competitions or other kinds of submission grappling, and Sambo tournaments are a lot more common outside of the USA. Sambo in the US has a relatively small talent pool, but worldwide is actually pretty damn big, and has the same kind of advantage as BJJ in the USA where a lot of people who come into it are coming from a wrestling or judo background.
Yup. That happened to me at mid purple belt when I first really started using them. I was getting a lot of gym taps, but not getting taps in competition and I couldn't figure out why. It came down to people panic tapping to bad ankle locks and I had to go back and re-learn proper ankle locks afterwards.
I prefer to just eat the fruit and veggies straight up. Juicing just takes too much time and effort.
At brown belt you can do kneebars and toeholds and calf slicers. There's also a good leg drag entry and entries to back takes from there.
Him not coming back is on him and the coach. If the coach wants to created a more welcoming atmosphere for noobs he has to change the way he does things. You as a white belt are totally fine being the hammer for once against new people. Worry about your own development, let the coach worry about student retention.
I mute Danahers videos and watch them on 2x speed. Because nothing that comes out of his mouth is of any use.
8/10. Quality work.
Every legitimate concept he articulates is surrounded by multiple sentences of useless verbiage.
You don't generally drop people with a reach around hook from the back if you have stumpy little gnome arms.
39. If I get enough sleep, actually eat lunch, and drink something other than coffee during the day then i can breeze through class, smash everyone and feel great at the end. If I don't get enough sleep, drink 5 cups of coffee, and have no other food or drink, then I'm winded after the warmups and have to make sure I'm rolling at a pretty slow pace the entire class. Gotta take care of yourself if you want to perform.
What are you even talking about? No-gi is the fastest growing aspect of the sport right now. I've not seen any stigma against it.
141.5 lbs as of this morning. Most of my training partners are 225+.
Do it with people your size and bigger, or who are blue belts and up. Smaller white belts, not so much. Strength is a tool. Technique makes it a more effective tool. The goal is to use as little strength as you can get away with to be successful, not zero strength ever.
Do the freestyle, don't waste time on catch.
Pressure through mobility and pressure via spinal alignment disruption. Pressure is more generally about creating a sense of panic in your opponent so that the make mistakes. Putting a lot of weight on them and holding them in place is one way to do that.
Water with some lemon juice in it will help a lot with curbing hunger pangs.
KSH and arm drags. I hunt the back find constantly. I'm 140lbs and train with a 265 blue belt and a 300lb purple belt every week.
Bridge and reach diagonally across your body. Primary component to the basic mount escape.
My hair is still thick, lustrous, and all the way down to my waist after 13 years.
This is a 10/10. I love it.
I'd never give anyone under 16 a black belt.
Keep quiet about that. This is how I escape from like 90% of all of the clock chokes that the fattyweights throw at me.
I mostly trained an average of 1 day a week for a LONG time. 2 is great. If you enjoy it, do it.
It's super hard to pass guard all the way, and it's super hard to avoid having your guard partially passed.
I thought she was faking a superman punch for it.
TKD has a lot of ballistic leg movements in it, you're doing 'beast mode conditioning' the day before you do TKD, which means you're doing a bunch of ballistic kicking using weakened muscles that aren't recovered from your conditioning day. Move your rest day to monday, do your conditioning on Sunday. Give yourself a full rest day between conditioning and TKD.
Was my first exposure to the phrase as well.
I'm sure every double you did was 100% clean just like in practice too, right?
Sure. Most people who try a new thing quit within 2 months. BJJ is no exception. People don't like being bad at things.
Nobody did that here either. But it was a SUCCESSFUL double leg, which I value a lot higher than a PRETTY double leg.
4x a week will get most people to black belt in under 10 years.
No one but pro grapplers are going to be training 5 days a week, and if a bunch of people are training 5x a week then there's zero chance of some 2 day a week guy hitting a podium against them.
Sambo has had, and still does have, some pretty serious quality control issues because of the fact that so many of their competitions are totally unverifiable. Just about anyone can label themselves a Sambo National Champion and it's near impossible to dispute it unless it's relatively recent. They generally manage to overcome this issue, but it does exist and it is a problem for them.
Against... What? Using your weight to control people is like 60% of what jiujitsu is. If you only weigh 56kg you better be using EVERY FUCKING GRAM perfectly too or you're just gonna get yeeted the fuck out of the gym by some giant dude.
That's the joke.
Unless you are in the 225lb and up range your bodyweight alone isn't going to break shit, and even at 225+ it's going to be a fluke. I'm 140lbs and I train with multiple 250lb dudes and I've never worried about getting injured solely by their weight in a position.
I hate the gym too, but I still lift 5 days a week. If I were you I'd do 5 days of BJJ and 2 days of lifting. It helps with your long term health and injury prevention as well as any performance benefits you get from it.
Wrestling is slightly worse because there are no 'hobbyist' wrestlers so there is a lot more competition intensity contact in the sport. In BJJ you can go for decades without hitting that level if intensity if you want to.
Frame better. Shrimp better. I'm 140, I had a 315lb dude on top side control last week. It's miserable and it's going to fail more often than it succeeds unless your opponent is a 100% beginner, but if you frame properly, use multiple small explosive movements (popcorning) and refuse to give up progress as you make it you will create the movement and openings to allow you to successfully escape. Time to learn little guy jiujitsu.
160 isn't even heavy. Go train.
That just seems silly though, you end up with a bunch of brown belts who are white belts at the leg game and suddenly it's all comp legal for them and they've never even seen a proper kneebar? Why not teach a holistic leg attack system that uses the leg attacks to open up guard pass opportunities and the guard pass attempts to open up the legs?
If that actually concerns you then you should be SUPER vigilant about the prospect a fucking airplane crashing on your head. The statistics for being involved in a weapons related altercation are vanishingly small for most people. If you're in a field of work where it's a regular occurrence then it's a different story, but random people going about their daily lives should be more concerned with the top 25 things on the list of shit that will kill you and less concerned with gun/knife assaults.
BBJ isn't a real thing. BJJ is Brazilian JiuJitsu which I assume is what you meant. System is about as real as "BBJ" in that it doesn't fucking work and you're not going to learn anything about fighting from doing it.
&gt; White belts improve at unpredictable rates and you'll often misjudge the situation and end up in bad spots and sometimes getting finished. This shit will catch you at the worst times too. I let a 6 week white belt set up a fucking ezekiel choke inside my guard as a purple belt and he fucking finished me with it simply because I didn't think he knew how to do an ezekiel choke yet, so I let him fuck around and get the grips on and he sold out on it and got me. Absolutely fucking hilarious.
So, you don't learn new things when tired, what you find out is what you REALLY know. When you're sparring/training while exhausted the stuff that you can still do properly is the stuff you REALLY KNOW. So there's a time for getting worn out and then working, but that time is not when you are trying to learn new skill or refine your existing skill.
That's why I keep artillery on standby.
Me too. I just suffer and do chinups anyways. If you find a solution lemme know.
Don't be a crybaby. I've done MMA sparring and smokers with dudes 80lbs heavier than I am. You'll live.
Longbow.
That's ok though. The thing about purple belts is if you play their game they will fuck you sideways, even black belts will get wrecked if they walk into a decent purple belts A+ game. Where brown/black belts have an advantage is in the broader game. If I can move you out of your comfort zone into someplace where you're still a white/blue belt but I'm a purple belt then I can fuck your day up. Once you begin to broaden your expertise to bring your skill level in those other positions up closer to the same level as your A+ game is when you get dumped into brown belt. And then your goal is to get almost as good everywhere as you are at your A+ game while refining your A+game into a seriously dangerous weapon in order to get to black. From purple belt on it''s a matter of depth and breadth, not a matter of knowledge.
Going belly down makes it much harder for a strong explosive person to sit up and power out of the armbar, and it's a really good variation to use against the fence when people can't step over you and circle to the opposite side which is the proper counter.
Greene was too tall for it to work on him IMO. In order to have a strong grip on the head Oleinik had to be too high up on the body to be able to put pressure on the chest correctly due to the torso length.
Unfortunately the only way to find out is to ask a ref which is how I found out. They still don't have it printed in the rules.
Stacking people from inside their closed guard isn't really 'trying to pass guard' in any meaningful way.
No, it still isn't. It's just exploiting a size advantage to avoid actually executing a technique. You learn nothing from it and get zero practice. It's not a meaningful attempt at guard passing.
Because it's super fucking uncomfortable to have 160lbs on your neck when you're a kid.
Get a cross collar grip below his hand and bow and arrow choke him anyways.
You haven't explained why this is a problem, still.
No, you said WHAT they are doing, but not WHY that's bad. They are talking about US politics, which are relevant to the rest of the world, much as US publications talk about Soviet or Chinese or British politics. And they are asking for money, which most news outlets do these days as they struggle to survive in the current online environment. WHY are those things bad? Why do you think that foreign news outlets shouldn't comment on US politics? Why do you think that they shouldn't ask for money? WHY are those things a problem?
Clothing agnostic, requires less time to become proficient enough at to execute against resistance. Like I said, it's not really in ways that matter in the long term, but there are some advantages for wrestling over judo.
It also is ZERO value add. The random people who see your gym don't know anything about the various affiliations, and the people who do know them don't care. Unless being an affiliate comes with a big support structure to help you bring in students and manage your gym it's just a huge money sink, and I've never heard of one that offers anything even close to that.
Also check out Chad Wesley Smith's youtube stuff.
/u/judogoat has a great set of videos on Overhook closed. https://howtheyplay.com/individual-sports/Closed-Guard-Overhook-Combinations-a-BJJ-Tutorial Part of your issue sounds like you aren't establishing the frame on the side of the head with the non overhooking arm to help force your opponents head to the opposite side of your body.
Drop in rates are going to be in the $20 per class range, all the way up to I believe $40 per class at Alliance HQ. You should understand that MOST PEOPLE only train 2 days per week. So you're not going to find anywhere that the drop-in fee for 2x a week for 4 weeks is going to be less than what it costs to sign up for monthly access.
HOLY SHIT 30 patches of ringworm?! THAT GUY is the reason you got ringworm. WTF DUDE. That guy needs to be thrown right the fuck out of the gym. JESUS CHRIST!
If you don't trust your fucking coach to be able to determine how many stripes should be on your whitebelt then change fucking gyms. You either think the guy knows what he's doing or you don't.
That's the normal weight disparity I started training with. I weighed 130lbs in a gym full of 200+ dudes. Life is hard. Now I weigh 140lbs in a gym full of 225+ dudes.
Many of you know I've been in the process of building/opening my own gym. Well, here's the construction process and some details about the project. If anyone has questions about all the steps I went through feel free to ask!
No. Why would I?
All of that info is in the imgur post, but here are the details: The building itself cost me $95,000, that's site prep, materials, labor, and the buildout of the bathrooms inside. The place is 2400 square feet, it's 60'x40' and the ceiling is 16' at the edges up to 18' at the peak. The mat space is 1600sq ft.
That is the CLASSIC copy pasta that the BJJ discord guys put together about the situation. It's 10/10.
The Zebras are really stiff, and if you're using the panels you might have some issues with the edges sinking into the foam slightly under pressure and creating a tripping hazard at the edges, not entirely sure there. My total mat thickness is about 3" with the wrestling mats and the foam underlayment, so I'd shoot for about that same thing. a 1" underlayment or go full crazytown and build yourself a sprung floor. I considered that but this was about half the cost once I priced it out.
Depends on who is training and where in their training cycle they are. Everyone starts a training cycle working their 'path to the mat' which could be take downs, could be guard pulling, but has to result in a scoring position. So if you're pulling guard you have to pull directly into a sweep. Next in the training cycle is sweeping into a guard pass. Then passing into a submission. Except for white belts. White belts just work a fixed curriculum.
That kind of thing is one of the reasons I specifically am avoiding affiliating with anyone. I want to be able to run my gym exactly the way I want to. I'm the one who put in the hard work, I'm the one who is taking the risk and putting all of the money and effort in, why should I pay someone else for the privilege of putting their name on MY hard work just so they can try to tell me how to run my business? No thanks!
Personal loan. Just made sure it was well within my budget to pay for even with zero students.
We welcome all grappling fashions.
I can't imagine that the sprung floor is THAT much softer than my setup, because I have 250lb+ dudes just fucking windmill me into that shit with no problem. I got power bombed out of a triangle by a dude and just popped up like it was nothing. No big deal. It's SOFT.
When peoples skill levels are RAZOR CLOSE then athleticism can make the difference, but Conors loss to Khabib was 100% skill based. Khabi is a FAR better grappler than Conor is. His loss to Nate? Same thing. Nate is flat out better on the ground and was able to get the fight there. Skill is the deciding factor for more often than not.
Well come on the fuck down and train. We're mon-wed-fri right now, switching to 5 day a week starting at the beginning of March.
I was her size when I started and I started in an MMA gym where most people training wanted to end up fighting pro. It was a pretty killer atmosphere and I got wrecked a lot. For a LONG TIME. The important thing is that she reframe success in terms of survival. The game isn't about tapping those guys, it's about learning how to not ever get tapped by them first. THEN you can worry about tapping them. Focus on pure defense. Become invincible. When on the bottom be a spiky ball of knees and elbows that no one wants to be on top of. Always be shrimping, framing, and moving. Relentlessly escape. Emily's stuff is GREAT and I use a lot of it, but it's most useful when you already have a solid technical framework to employ it from, and it's just going to lead to more frustration if she starts trying to play Emily's game and gets shut down by the smash. First Become Invincible. Then Destroy your opponents invincibility. That's the mantra I lived by for like 2 years until I could consistently beat up on the 200lb noobs.
Unfortunately all of my drunken video reviewing will be directed at my students videos now, but I may be able to slip another one in for you guys.
I didn't even know it was a Darksouls thing. I named her pinwheel because she's a calico/tabby mix and her color pattern looks like someone spinning a pinwheel.
I want to, but I haven't decided when the proper Grand Opening should be.
The coach I trained under up through purple belt. He's a good friend and has been a black belt since 2009. Getting the scheduling worked out at the moment but it should be some time next month.
&gt; Kimonogrip.com Ok, took a look at them, can you make me a quick demo of how they could be used with a deadlift bar? That would be my primary use case if I got some.
Ok, I got my insurance from K and K insurance ( https://www.kandkinsurance.com/ ) and it cost me $915 per year. (I forgot to include my initial payment in the previous figure). It includes up to $150,000 in medical expenses with a $250 deductible for injuries in the gym. You can look at the various options there, but getting coverage was pretty simple and they had the best rates compared to coverage of everywhere I looked into.
CompSci is... tough. A lot of development work is being moved over seas, especially entry level stuff so it can be REALLY hard to break into without an existing portfolio of work. /u/chillermane is giving you some really good specific advice. In a broader sense I can tell you to start building a body of work ASAP if that's your plan. You need to be able to show prospective employers that you can actually build projects, not just that you have a text book knowledge of the subject matter. Favorite distro is Mint. Used to be Slack, but now I'm too lazy to do all that shit myself.
Lol, you'll have beat me to black belt by like 2 weeks.
Yup,saw that, I'll take a look at as soon as I can. Thanks!!!
Your problem is that you think of the scenarios you're outlining as being 'realistic' when the reality is that they aren't.
&gt; but I’ve never been very successful at building mass or getting my numbers up, even when I was lifting a lot more in the past, and I don’t expect that to improve much now that I’m in my late 30’s. Don't spin me that weakass bullshit. I'm 39. My bench, squat, and deadlift are all higher now than they were 2 years ago. I'm a few pounds away from beating my PRs from when I was lifting regularly in my 20s. There is ABSOLUTELY no law that says you can't get stronger in your 30s and 40s and anyone who tries to tell you that shit is a weakass lazy crybaby. Put some weights on the fucking bar and move that shit. Get your easy beginner gains. Not just for BJJ performance, but because it will help protect your joints from damage in training and as you age. Lifting helps combat osteoporosis and is just plain good for you. So stop making excuses and GO LIFT. Other than that, keep working that clinch technique. Learn to use your body to put pressure on your opponent, not your arms.
You are EXACTLY on time for this post, lol. This is the most consistent thing on the whole subreddit. People at the 8-10 month mark posting about how they aren't improving, or even feel like they are getting worse. Welcome to the realm of conscious competence. You are feeling shitty now because up to this point you were just TRYING SOME SHIT with the most commitment you could muster and sometimes it would work and sometimes it wouldn't but you definitely felt like you were DOING THINGS. Now you are slowing down because you know there is a 'right' answer for the positions you are finding yourself in. Many of them you've seen and practicing the right answer for. The problem is that you haven't practiced it enough for it to be automatic, so you pause, you think "OK, I need to grab here, then rotate..." but by that time your less experienced but more energetic parters (the you from 3 months ago) have spazzed there way into a different position or your more experienced partners have already countered what you're trying and moved on. The only solution to where you're at right now is 9 more months of training. You'll hit that 18 month mark and a bunch of the shit you 'know' right now you'll actually be competent enough to DO because they'll have passed from conscious to unconscious competence. There will still be a TON of shit you don't know at all, or don't know well enough to execute, but you'll have internalize a lot of core tools by that time.
You don't need to break the 165# barrier. Be as strong as you can be at 140. &gt;Also, this is downright insulting. You're basically calling me an idiot or a liar here. Either, or, both, whatever you want to call it. You've clearly got plenty of people in your life telling you it's impossible, including yourself. I'm not going to be one more of those voices. You already admitted it. You're stronger now than you were before thanks to BJJ. Clearly you aren't magically immune to progressive muscular overload. That overload is more controllable using weights than rolling, so you can and should be using weightlifting as an additional tool for improving your strength.
"I have trouble getting stronger" is not the same thing as "I don’t expect that to improve much now that I’m in my late 30’s." The OP had already decided that it wasn't possible for him to get stronger because of his age. That attitude doesn't need a moderated tone. That attitude needs a shock. A wake up call. Something that will break through the preconceived idea they they can't achieve this thing. If he had said, "Hey, I have trouble getting stronger. I've tried some different lifting program and stuff but I'm not seeing the progress I want" then my response would have been in line with that tone. If someone walks into my gym and says, "I know I'm too old to get stronger, but..." I'm going to tell them that's weakass bullshit and that whoever told them that should fuck off to failureville where they belong.
I have no desire to do them, but I do them anyways and make all of my students do them.
Clearly this dude is thinking about the application of BJJ from the perspective of someone performing the illegal assault, not from the perspective of the person being assaulted. Makes perfect sense.
On a scale of 1-10 where a Can Opener is a 10 (Have to be a gorilla to tap people with this) and a single collar choke from the back is a 1 (A 9 year old can put you out with this), then the Kimura from guard is like a 7 and the kimura from head mount is like a 3.
Step 1. Stop lifting for like 3 months while you adjust to BJJ. Step 2. Slowly add lifting back in at lower weight and intensity until you find the spot that lets you recover sufficiently between sessions.
It's usually REAL easy for women to tell when a boob grab is accidental verses "Accidental".
He's getting downvoted because that's some dumb noob shit that people who don't know how to train properly say.
We're planning some events like that, but I've still got some finishing touches to put on the gym.
MMA for fighting. Soft skills for self defense.
My general benchmark is how someone who has been training 2x a week for 2 years does in their range of combat against someone athletic who outweighs them by 25lbs but has no training at all. If you're a striker you should be able to out maneuver and outstrike that guy without any trouble even if he's throwing berserker haymakers at you. If you're a grappler you should be able to put that guy on the ground and control him safely no matter how explosively he tries to escape.
Yeah, my goal is to build a foundation of good principles and concepts and provide a base group of techniques and strategies, and then assist my students in building their individual games from there. My job is not to know literally everything about every technique in jiujitsu because that's impossible. So I'd much much much rather pull from the absolute best at a specific technique and then act as a guide for my students to develop based on THAT example not based on my "Well, I watched the Keenan video and drilled this for 2 classes" example.
You should always be rolling with smaller/lower skilled people in a way that is just beyond their ability. They should struggle to succeed, but success should still be possible if everything they do is right. Too many gyms treat their ladies like they are made out of glass and don't give them that realistic pressure to work with.
When I have done this in the past it's because I'm trying to make the roll more interesting for me by giving my partner usable options. Smashing 6 month white belts is SUPER boring unless I have some kind of specific technique I want to active drill on them, and even then after a few reps I'll give them some tips on defense.
The "connection" is not supported by ANY medical data. At all. BJJ is incredibly safe. No combat sport is 100% safe, but BJJ is the safest combat sport around.
Exclusively? No one said exclusively. Do you think Gordon never trained with Eddie C because Eddie was too small?
The knowledge of how to get value out of rolls with all different levels of rolling partners. The same thing I mentioned in the original response.
I'd dig the outside arm over under my opponents face and turn it into a face crank/neck crank to get them to release the foot so I can S it out under me.
Have taller parents. Height is largely a factor of genetics, with some impact from diet, but that diet effect is done by the time you're 19. You might pick up another inch or two by the time you hit 23, some people do, but chances are you're gonna be the height you are now and it's time to get used to it.
Just tap to armbars on that arm early. Otherwise not particularly any more stress than there would be from basic weightlifting.
A drink at night? Are you talking about smashing a 40oz as 'a drink' or a glass of wine with dinner? The first one is probably no good, the second one won't bother you.
I'm 40 and frequently have a glass of wine with dinner, or split a bottle with my wife on the weekends. If you're not trying to be a world champion then it's not going to make a noticeable difference.
That's why I love when they start grabbing my feets. Means I can grab theirs.
22? I hope you've picked out a cemetery plot, death is right around the corner. I started BJJ just before I turned 27 and got my Black Belt just before I turned 40, I know people that started training in their late 30s, early 40s, even their 50s. It's not too late to start learning something unless you're already dead.
Sounds reasonable.
Sure, but you don't see untrained dudes putting in 18 months with Danaher and then podiuming at majors for a reason.
&gt; I would say a good timeframe to get your black belt while training that consistently is 6-8 years. You could go from 0 experience to black belt in 8 years with that training volume. This dude already has 7 years of training. Anyone who can't get him from D2 wrestler Blue belt to decent quality Black Belt in 3-5 years with that training volume is a trash instructor.
Sounds like you need to go back and work on your fundamentals.
The biggest example is the basic scissor sweep. You pretty much NEVER see it in high level competition, but it's one of the most effective techniques for demonstrating the principles of upper body control, hip loading, and chopping the light leg. If you do it all exactly right it feels effortless, if you do it wrong it feels like you're trying to sweep a brick. So it has a great feedback loop between getting the things right and not getting them right. It builds great sensitivity to your opponents weight distribution and really reinforces why breaking posture on the bottom is important, all in one really basic technique.
That's literally the basic requirement for me to give someone a blue belt.
If this is stage one of a build up to including more aliveness then these are acceptable. This is the kind of thing that beginners should start with when developing technique to use. So I don't see a big problem with the relative simplicity of the conditions. However I do see a problem with the continued forced 'Aikidoness' of the attacks. The attacker seem to have no mode other than to move forward at all costs, which is what is enabling like 95% of the defenses being applied here. If someone just steps into range and pushes you, without continually moving forward, that represents a much more common engagement and is what you should be addressing with this kind of drill. Your BASE ASSUMPTION should be built on the actions of untrained people, and then move up from there. This drill starts with a base assumption that the attacker will attack in a VERY Aikido way, and predicates its reactions on that assumption.
Try all the shit that's around you, see what you like, Boxing and Muay Thai are both good options if you don't like grappling.
Neither of those are heedless. Even the first guy rushing his victims STOPS RUNNING when he reaches them. He doesn't continue sprinting once he gets close to range. The second guy is like 50 ft away from his intended victim and gets to take like 5 steps before he gets shot to death, no way to tell if he would have been rushing heedlessly forward or not. Again, moving forward, pursuing someone, is not the same as committing to an arms out forwards print that takes you past them if they move aside.
How short we talking? I'm 5'7" and I'll tell you attitude is a much bigger predictor of whether people want to fuck with you or not.
Learn to wrestle.
The attacker in his videos never actually begins adapting to the defenders movement. It leaves the drill at the level of a compliant exercise, which as I said is fine, there's a place for that, but it shouldn't be represented as an Alive drill when the attacker is clearly working under a movement restriction.
&gt; The only time I see retreating backwards in Sensei Hein's video is when they are demonstrating what happens when you stay on the line and don't control the line, Except the reality is that you can not stay off the line against an attacker who isn't artificially restricted. Which is the issue I have with the video.
Sit up. Get up and on your hip and drive the fist of your choking hand up as high as you can get it. The deeper your choking arm is, the better the choke.
Don't care. Never cared.
Because it's not a death penalty offense. It's something you get a fine for, or maybe a few days in jail. The cops fucked up by being so absolutely shit garbage that they couldn't restrain 1 drunk dude between them and then shot him to death. Every crime is not a death penalty crime and shooting people in the back is not a legitimate response.
I think they should have pursued him. But then, if you're so pathetic that you can't 2v1 a drunk guy then I'm guessing they weren't in good enough shape to chase that same drunk guy across a parking lot. Police officers regularly arrest suspects of mass murder who are fleeing without resorting to shooting them. UK cops manage to handle aggressive knife wielding suspects without shooting them to death. &gt;In a perfect world without adrenaline How come this is an excuse for the cops to use when they shoot a guy to death, but those same people they are holding at gunpoint are expected to act calmly and perfectly follow instructions? The point of training is that you are able to control your reactions better under stress. That's supposedly why we give police officers the authority that they have been granted. Turns out they are fucking garbage at exercising that authority or using their judgement, so we're about to take a lot of that authority back.
Seems weird that the cops use it on pregnant women and old people then.
Dude I'm 40 years old and I have spent my life building my skills in two different fields. I opened my own MMA gym and I'm a Sr. Linux Administrator, and you think that because I can recognize that some cops are shitty at their job I should switch careers and do it for them? Nah, that's some bitchmade thinking right there. Police officers should be striving to do better. They should be seeing this shit and thinking, "We have to get these people off of the force and rein this shit in."
&gt; In my country, it would be illegal to use Tasers against pregnant women, and elderly that are deem unfit. This is literally why we're rioting. There have been peaceful protests for decades, the occasional riot that got some things changed, but officers who violate the existing laws are rarely punished and when they are the punishment isn't severe it's usually paid administrative leave or they get to retire with a pension. You can argue that maybe in this particular case it wasn't AS BAD of a force escalation as some others, but it still resulted in a guy who was running away being shot in the back and killed. Which was totally not necessary.
That's the point of being trained. Be as angry and full of adrenaline as you want. Isn't going to help you get up when two people who actually know WTF they are doing are holding you down.
No amount of additional training was going to change his behavior. The suspect was CLEARLY not a threat to anyone. Was no longer able to even struggle, and was clearly unconscious a few minutes in to the video. Chauvin murdered him with intent and no amount of additional instruction was going to change that, because the dude is a psychopath.
Because when he was shot he was running away and not an imminent threat to anyone.
Give yourself a partner and do it.
There's a whole psychological component to that as well. Some of them were probably just as shitty, others have been intimidated by the system into not speaking out. The problems are WAAAY bigger than more training, but more training is also a thing that would be good. It just wouldn't have made any difference in this scenario.
lol
I've probably spent more time on straight ankle locks than a ton of people who are objectively WAY better than I am at grappling overall, you get better at the things you put time into and most people don't give a shit about straight ankle locks so they don't put time into them.
Most people are world champions because they put their time into a very narrow focus of techniques, not because they are great at everything, and they definitely aren't exploring every technique thoroughly themselves, they are basing their training off of what their coaches teach them, and then filling in gaps where they need to, and then doing some innovation on their own. If everyone tells them 'straight ankle locks suck' then why are they going to put any time into them?
The RNC cross grip ankle lock is real and very high pressure. I don't use it because it doesn't fit into my system, but as a grip it's very effective. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmimzr_oNbw Lachlans is the only one I've seen that actually includes all of the details I think are important. But this one specifically for the grip is where I tell people to start their troubleshooting, because it's the most common problem: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxeMsWDppEg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmimzr_oNbw Lachlans is the only one I've seen that actually includes all of the details I think are important. But this one specifically for the grip is where I tell people to start their troubleshooting, because it's the most common problem: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxeMsWDppEg
I'ma pay him to come out to my place for a seminar just so I can talk trash at him while he is in the process of beating me.
Ewww, hockey... Gross. :)
Yup, unfortunately this is the culmination of decades of protest that was primed by the high pressure environment created by the forced quarantine and then set off by a fuckwit racist piece of shit cop that murdered a guy on camera. So now people don't give a shit about the vague and barely definable threat of the virus when they have a much more easily defined threat that they can actually fight against. So many people have been frustrated and afraid because the virus is an enemy they can't DO anything about, "Stay home and wear a mask" just doesn't fulfill that visceral need to fight back against a threat. Now they have something they can focus all of that frustration and fear on. In the long run it will honestly all be fine and the country will be better off for this having happened, but in the short to medium term we bout to get fuckin CRAZY.
There's a testing lag and a reporting lag, as well as the time between when someone might be exposed and exhibit symptoms that lead them to go try to get tested. The spike in cases from the protests won't be reflected in our numbers for another couple of weeks.
Your own math agrees with me you fuckwit. Our original protests starting 17 days ago. We're only seeing the reported cases of the first few days of that protesting. The current spike in our numbers is from the previous relaxation of lockdown. We wont be seeing the full numbers from the protests for 2-3 more weeks.
Just go read my other posts. What you're saying is both true and irrelevant.
Hot damn, some of the stuff wouldn't be an issue for me, but his experience with their customer service definitely has me considering Rogue instead if Rogue will do the rig I want at closish to the same price.
The reason I was looking at Titan over rogue in the first place was that as you say, we aren't moving 1000 lbs on a squat. However customer sevice matters a lot to me. The rig I want is a custom rig that is likely to be relatively complex to assemble, do missing pieces and questionable engineering would be a problem.
It's a legally allowed attack. Protect your neck or tap. I yell at my students if they aren't putting on good controlling pressure or using good effective frames, and one of the key elements of both of those things is making your opponent uncomfortable. Forearm on the throat is a good way to do that.
lol You can choke someone with the cheapest walmart t-shirt you can buy. You just can't choke them with it 50 times per class for a year. Throw in biting, eye gouging, nut shots, etc... from an untrained opponent and it makes very little difference.
At 17 you're not even a legal adult, people start training in their 40s and 50s. You're not too old for anything.
Pretty much every BJJ gym I've been to teaches based on a 'move of the day' lecture format.
Any method other than the shitty technique of the day gets my approval.
If you do something, and get swept, then you made a mistake. That's not really a matter of opinion anymore. If you hadn't made a mistake you wouldn't have gotten swept. Now, whether they want to tell you the mistake was in trying the specific pass you tried in the first place, or if they want to get into the actual technical mistake you made instead of discussing strategic issues that's up to them.
It's definitely a step up in terms of quality. It's a good balance between individually focused programming and lecture based classes.
Ragdoll them with the snapdown grip rapidly a few times then when they start to posture up against it shoot your double or single. If they don't posture up hard then as you keep moving back, circling, and snapping them down over and over again you'll eventually hit the snapdown.
Shower after every class. Trim your finger nails and toenails once a week. Wash your gear after every class. It takes time to learn and get good, do not get frustrated if you don't pick it up quickly.
What do you mean by 'slow' and what do you mean by 'progression'? Change in appearance? Ability to lift more weight? Ability to do more of a specific exercise? Ability to do more difficult exercises? If you're talking about weighed BWF, what specific exercises? Dips? Pullups? rucksack pushups?
This hot take would be relevant if most gyms did the warmup as relevant technical skills instead of 10 minutes of jogging in a circle in various ways.
This post is so fucking dumb that everyone reading it probably got dumber. While boxing does teach a higher level of punching, as well as having excellent footwork, that doesn't make MT punching bad, MT also provides you a larger variety of weapons and better clinch fighting. Clinch work is likely to be more self defense relevant for most people, so Boxing and MT are about even in terms of self defense and it will come down to which specific gym is better. Taekwondo is mostly hot garbage and should be avoided. If you try to master Judo before you move on you'll be training for 50 years before you ever do anything else. BJJ contains a basic array of judo and wrestling takedowns along with the ground work and you will be able to easily get untrained people to the ground after a couple of years. A BJJ gym that has a wrestling focus will get you there much sooner. &gt;But if you want self defense , you need to eye gouge , ball hit , and bite. This is straight fucking stupid. None of these things will help you against someone who is better at fighting than you are, and even if you succeed at doing them they aren't likely to stop a determined attacker, and they are for sure going to escalate any non-lethal encounter into a lethal one.
That's a very personal risk assessment for you and the people you have regular contact with. For some people in some places the answer might be yes, for others it will be no. No way any of us can make that decision for you.
I was a scrawny obnoxious nerd in high school, I was being all pretentious and shit and reading Plato and Aristotle, and I learned that Plato was a champion wrestler, and that led me to learn that a lot of the greatest intellects of all time were ALSO great athletes. So I joined my schools wrestling team, started taekwondo, and started learning tricking and lifting weights.
Orlando BJJ's owner is a Carlos Gracie Jr. black belt and is an incredible competitor and instructor. Lakea Vargas who is the kids instructor is probably one of the best Judoka in the entire country. You absolutely could not ask for a better gym to have your kids in.
Yup, I was TERRIBLE at wrestling though, like, worst wrestler in the worst wrestling program in a state not known for its wrestling. None of it made sense until years later when I started BJJ. Now my day job is as a Linux Engineer and my side hustle is running my own BJJ/MMA gym.
Depends on the skill disparity and how much the clock is managed.
If you get the takedown and are looking to upgrade your position, just lift their legs off of the mat and tabletop them on your thigh, then from there you can start to work your way up to a more secure position, but no Gi is REALLY scrambly, so you're rarely going to get to just secure a position and hold it. I wouldn't back out unless you feel like you're in danger of something bad happening, keep the pressure on them and force them to scramble and react to give you openings to acquire your upper body control.
Belts correlate to Skill in the things valued by the promotion system in all arts. In BJJ that correlation is also closer to true for the ability to apply your art against a resisting opponent in that almost all blue belts will be able to beat almost all white belts of their same size, and so on up the chain. If the white belt happens to have a decade of wrestling or judo or something that obviously changes the equation, and massive size and strength differences will change the equation. But IN GENERAL there is a correlation there. In other arts, like for example Taekwondo, the belt ranking is less connected to the ability to fight and more connected to knowledge of the technique syllabus and the ability to perform the forms correctly. In that sense the belt ranks correlate to skill in that you will rarely if ever find a yellow belt that is better at performing the forms and knows more of the technique syllabus than a green belt, and so on up the chain.
Because there are like zero effective angles for hip locks. There is one from top of side control that silly catch rasslers try on me sometimes that is theoretically possible, but if the person you are trying it on has ever seen it before you're never going to get the grip to even try it.
Jocko has a reputation for being a shitty guy to roll with who gorilla strengths everything and injures training partners.
Chien Hong is probably your best bet for Wushu stuff, they do Lion Dance and Tai Chi and they've done some pretty big Lion Dance shows.
Get some bag gloves you idiot.
My students refer to me as 'Coach' or 'Coach Josh'. The learning curve CAN BE really really wicked depending on how the gym you are in teaches. My noobs get taught shit that they can immediately start implementing, but some places you're going to learn things that you have no hope of doing outside of drilling for months. Gracie gyms are fine, but it's more important that you visit the gyms in your area and find one that you feel comfortable training at. A karate gi will get torn right to shreds most likely. Judo and BJJ Gis are a lot heavier material and stand up to a lot more gripping and yanking than karate or TKD gis. Belt exams are usually based on either curriculum mastery or in class performance or random coach assessment or some combination of the three. Don't worry about it. Train to acquire skill, not to acquire belts.
Yes, and Yes.
Knee to elbow escape or upa and trap and roll are your basics. Both take practice to pull off against a larger opponent.
With that kind of overwhelming grappling advantage you just dump the guy on his head and grapplefuck him. No need to let him swing on you.
You know how math works, right? If you consistently get downvoted on most of your posts you're going to accrue negative karma over time. A quick skim of your posting history doesn't show one post where you got downvoted 100+ times, but a series of posts where you've been downvoted a few times, and some where you were downvoted 10-15 times, and that's across all of the subreddits you appear to participate in. Would you care to provide an example of the brigading behavior you're accusing the subreddit of by pointing us to a post of yours that was downvoted more than, say, 50 times?
Sooo... months or years ago you said something dumb and got downvoted for it, and you're still a salty bitch about it? Yeah, it's definitely the subreddit that is the problem.
Do you REALLY have a need to rapid fire post in the sub? You can't wait 10 minutes or whatever between posts? Maybe use that time to put some thought into what you are saying and raise the general value of your discourse a bit?
