It's longer than you think, dad! It's longer than you think!
Nah, he coulent lift all the way because he was trying to lift it to show off. If he wasn't being boastful then he would have been able to.
They were coming right at us!
Holy shit. You're actually trying to make "I use facts and research to form my opinions" out to be a bad thing?
You have to be a troll. I refuse to believe people this dumb are even capable of writing.
And he even rips his stiches out when he fights afterwards.
It's possible to have some of them survive through pure dumb luck. I had a playthrough where they spawned in their normal spots around the deck so the initial firestorm didn't hit anyone.
Are you talking about a single one off event or a population trend? Because cousins are generally safe to pair off every now and then. They only have 12.5% of the same DNA (consanguinity) so a single cousin pairing has a fairly low chance of having problems. But it becomes more of a problem the more generations it happens in a row. 2nd cousins only have 3.13% consanguinity, which is right around the value you'd find with a random stranger you pull off the street. So genetically they're not any more related to you than the general population.
"healthy lifestyle"
Its not about restraining his authority. It doesnt matter how much authority Trump has to order a launch, he's not the one who presses the button. There are several people standing between Trump and a nuke launch and it only takes one of them to disobey an order to stop it. The first person is Mattis, and there's no way that he will authorize a launch because Trump is having a temper tantrum. This wouldn't even the first time this has happened, because once again Trump is mirroring Nixon. Shortly before he resigned Nixon got really drunk and ordered a nuclear attack on North Korea, but Kissenger told the Joint Chiefs to ignore any orders from Nixon.
It's also important to point out that it only takes a single generation to fix inbreeding. It doesn't matter how long your family ladder is, if you marry someone unrelated to you then your children will be normal.
You can't intercept artillery, which is what they've used to hold Seoul hostage for the last several decades.
I'm not talking about the topics he chooses, I'm talking about how he talks about them. Here he is in 1988 talking to Ophra: https://youtu.be/GZpMJeynBeg And here he is in 2017 talking to the CIA: https://youtu.be/xagAlOXT9Wk (6:45 in the video is when he starts). In 1988 he stayed on topic and was able to articulate his points without getting off topic. In 2017 he got 5 seconds in and he was ready rambling off topic. The same thing happens with his congressional testimony in the 90s and all of his speeches since 2016. There is a very clear decline in his ability to communicate and his total vocabulary. That is exactly what the early stages of dementia look like.
It's a gif from Archer involving a vagina in a sink. It's kind of NSFW, but not in the way you're expecting.
Hello there.
&gt;Please just talk. Good luck with that. Valve's communication skills have been nonexistent for 10 years, they're not going to start now.
The fact that efficiency was brought up in a conversation about motherfucking burner inserters is mind boggling.
Because they don't need it when they have wet food.
It was more like "You don't need to worry about leaving him water unless it's hot out or you switch to dry food."
Really its just a "not me" problem.
One of my friends just found out that NJ is an actual state. He literally thought it was just a city in New York or something.
Was? I'm so sorry.
My wife's brother had that happen to him. They found out when he was around 4 and having problems with his knee. Apparantly his would-be-twin was trying to grow under his knee cap or something.
The wisest plan would be to sell the stocks and then reinvest most of them in a much more diverse portfolio.
He's not done dying yet.
How dare you use your senses to play this game!
Man, how confused is that goose?
People who are that shitty don't tend to actually change. They can pretend to change if they think it'll get them what they want, but as soon as they have it they'll go right back to how they were. He's acting exactly how an emotionally abusive partner does. I give him a month before he gets permanent again. Two max.
Because Riot doesn't have the resources to implement this scale of punishment on every banned player. They did it with Tyler1 because he was a popular streamer. For everyone else they don't really care if you circumvent a ban with a new account because if you're still toxic then you'll be banned again and lose all of your progress. It's a pretty good deterrent for 99.9% of players.
&gt;People really can't admit that he's changed. Time will tell. Right now he's displaying all of the traits of an abusive romantic partner, so I doubt he's actually changed. It's more likely that he's just acting reformed in order to avoid his punishment. I'm betting he only lasts a month or two before going back to how he was.
I thought about it for a while, but then you added Sarah.
Because I thought the message was clear enough that I didn't want to waste my time drawing it all out.
You did it. You got me. You stopped my dastardly plan to slightly increase the amount of pedantry on the internet. Good job.
&gt;before book 7.
Clinton isn't bound by the military statutes. She violated the rules and regulations of the State Department, but that's not a criminal offense. The punishment for those violations is being terminated from her position and being inelidgable for other appointed public offices. But she had already left office by then so she couldn't be fired, and the presidency isn't an appointed position. So the FBI couldn't do anything to punish her.
*crickets*
Sideways.
If titty streamers and douchebags on YouTube are the worst thing that the next generation does then it will objectively be the greatest generation in human history.
But then people would realize that he's mostly full of hot air and would stop paying attention to him.
It used to be done in the form of a letter until someone decided to do it live and now that's what we expect. I'd post a link to a source but I'm lazy and don't feel like it. Sorry.
Here: “Hey Don. We have an unusual idea,” Wikileaks wrote on October 21, 2016. “Leak us one or more of your father’s tax returns.” Wikileaks then laid out three reasons why this would benefit both the Trumps and Wikileaks. One, The New York Times had already published a fragment of Trump’s tax returns on October 1; two, the rest could come out any time “through the most biased source (e.g. NYT/MSNBC).” It is the third reason, though, Wikileaks wrote, that “is the real kicker.” “If we publish them it will dramatically improve the perception of our impartiality,” Wikileaks explained. “That means that the vast amount of stuff that we are publishing on Clinton will have much higher impact, because it won’t be perceived as coming from a ‘pro-Trump’ ‘pro-Russia’ source.” It then provided an email address and link where the Trump campaign could send the tax returns, and adds, “The same for any other negative stuff (documents, recordings) that you think has a decent chance of coming out. Let us put it out.”
Some of the episodes even have happy endings!
Several gun wielding terrorists took over some remote park ranger station for a week or so and the cops just let them stay there for a while. This was a couple years ago.
Yeah that's a reasonable accommodation.
Hold my tin foil, I'm off to /r/conspiracy!
A good analogy for people who don't want to read the article: We use 10% of our brains in the same way that we only use 33% of a traffic light. All of it gets used, just not at the same time.
He might not be deathly allergic to it.
I think you're stretching the definition of what constitutes a troll. Someone who keeps repeating their overt political agenda isn't a troll if they actually believe it. I'm not saying that thread shouldn't have been locked. But it should have been locked because it started going off the rails, not because you think LAOP is making it all up.
The top mod doesn't want to eagerly comply with the admin's new "No advocating violence" rule because then he'd have to remove posts and comments that call for gay people to be murdered.
Go on...
&gt; ~~At least~~ Sadly he didn't freak out like the meteorologist with the spider. FTFY
I don't think racists have a problem with another racist holding office.
No, that's more to do with men being more violent in general than women. Which in turn is rooted in biology. Testosterone increases aggression, which makes it easier to commit violence. Toxic masculinity is a product of our culture.
How the hell is that custom written to appeal to MRAs? This is one of the most benign posts I've seen someone accuse of being a troll. A woman cheated on a man and got pregnant, and now he doesn't want to pay child support for another 16 years. This pops up every single fucking time that someone submits a post to LA that deals with a woman being an asshole to a man. It doesn't matter how mundane the post is, someone is going to be here calling it fake. How hard is it to admit that women are people? They're not perfect angels who never do wrong. They can be just as shitty and abusive as the worst man. A woman being a jackass is not an outlandish enough situation to warrant an automatic troll accusation.
&gt;Considering the amount of assholes in the world how would you do that? Ostracism? Someone's kid turns out to be a bit of a dick sometimes so you kick him out? Not at first. There will be rehabilitation programs and therapy for the sociopaths and psychopaths. The ones that are too dumb to learn to play nice can be jailed. &gt;What if the state is successful but asshole based immigration control causes people outside to call you all assholes for not letting them in to share the wealth? That sounds like a whole of "Not my problem".
My state just uses red concrete. I'm not sure why you'd bother with a more complicated method.
A couple expansion joints will keep that from happening to concrete.
Who defines high crimes and misdemeanors? What's stopping Congress from voting to impeach and convict the president for breathing on a Sunday? The constitution doesn't provide any check on Congress's power to impeach. It's up to the voters to punish Congress for being shady, but that can only happen after the fact. There's no way to undo the impeachment.
That has nothing to do with common sense. That's actually so far removed from common sense that I'm not sure you even know what common sense means.
There aren't enough planes or boats for that to be a problem. And we currently have more land than we know what to do with. Just make it a stipulation that any immigrants have to initially move to a city of less than a certain population size and we won't have to deal with overcrowding in the cities. It's not like it's going to open us up to more attacks either, since there are already plenty of ways for our enemies to get here. Laws don't do anything to deter criminals, after all.
That doesn't answer the question.
Good point. So clearly the only reasonable explanation is that LAOP's tenant is actually a lizard person disguised as a human. They're cold blooded you see.
&gt;Edit: a couple updates from now, to be clear So 5 years from now?
There are ways to circumvent fall damage, so it wouldn't be a guaranteed kill. There's also ways to mitigate arrow and lava damage too. So using all 3 damage types decreases their chance of surviving.
That poor website is getting destroyed this morning.
A cursory glance at his profile shows that he and awkwardturtle do this every so often. He's also a mod of awkwardtheturtle's personal subreddit, so apparantly it's all in good fun on both sides.
Just exclude those classes and list your "Major GPA" on your resume.
Her fiance's name is also Chad.
End? Surely you mean beginning?
No no, fire doesn't get involved until round 3. The hot sauce is just the warm up.
No, the general rule for your lower limit is (Age/2) + 7. The upper limit is (Age -7) x 2. So a 20 year old's dating range is 17 to 26.
Well that's something at least.
He has to sign it before it goes into effect. So if he leaves before it's passed then the government will shutdown until he gets back to DC.
It's a Black Mirror episode. A woman makes a series of increasingly poor decisions and in the end a gerbil is the key to taking her down.
Really? I hated this episode. It's just waaaaay too over the top and inconsistent.
Whoops.
&gt;Or people who drink Pepsi. Why do you have to attack me like this?
Now that you've said this, I'm sad that it didn't happen.
Par for the course.
Thank you for taking the time to refute that bullshit.
And the fiscal year started in October, btw. For those who didn't know.
But the company *did* stop it.
Because they did?
He was stopped at the security door when his keycard was revoked. Firing him would have made literally zero difference. Instead of beating on the security glass after getting pissed at random drug testing, he would have been beating on the security glass after getting pissed at getting fired. The only way that he wasn't going to take a sledgehammer to the glass was if the police were called. And LAOP and all of their coworkers could (and should) have done that as soon as they saw they notebook.
It's still incredibly stupid though.
That's the entire point of the movie though, that Batman lost his way and wasn't acting like he used to.
"Why the fuck is there water in my oil line!? I've purged the damn thing 5 times!"
That's a good point, but in the past democrats have been reluctant to engage in that kind of dirty politics (to a fault according to some people). Given their past behavior in dealing with the GOP, it's more likely that they won't stand up to them even if they do negotiate in bad faith.
Yes, why wouldn't they?
No. Imagine *Joe Arpaio* with private nuclear weapons.
Blame? It's saved chicken lives. We only need to kill 1 chicken now for every 4 chickens 60 years ago.
I don't know if you're trolling or if you just had a supremely fucked up childhood.
That was always going to happen. The vast majority of the population can't afford to get their protein from vegetarian sources so we need to grow and slaughter billions of pounds of meat. So we can either kill 1,000,000,000 small chickens or 250,000,000 huge chickens.
The Pacific Ocean is between KC and St. Louis as long as you go the long way around.
I would not invest my own money in anything that person controls.
You're right, it wasn't nearly this bad several years ago.
Because it goes against the evil government conspiracy he already assumed was true.
Spoiler alert: They won't.
I've not committed treason 10 times today!
Utterly preposterous!
Not all do. Even /r/Conservative has comments saying that this is just a distraction from Mueller. At least, they were there this morning when I looked. The mods might have cleaned up the wrongthink since then.
*barely Unless you meant the grain, in which case, carry on.
Sweet sweet karma. And the satisfaction of tricking people.
Most people on the planet die within 50 miles of where they were born.
&gt;voice their regressive opinions. Might want to read the entire comment I was replying to.
How is that *not* political? If I say that a state is worthless because it's full of progressives, is that not bringing up politics?
The show Archer is really good at remembering that.
Evolution only matters for populations, and it's not easily simplified like some of the answers here. Just because you don't perfectly align with a certain behavior doesn't mean there's something wrong with you. There's nothing wrong with asexuals, homosexuals, or infertile people, even though they're evolutionary dead ends, so to speak.
Nah, I didn't post any NSFW subs. So there's no risk of losing your job. ^^^^^get ^^^^^it?
What foundation? Why do you people always speak in abstracts and generalities? Are you denying that Russia attempted to influence the election? We have Trump Jr's, **which were confirmed and provided by Jr himself**, showing that the Russian government obtained Clinton's emails and wanted to help the Trump campaign win. In those same emails we have Jr accepting that help. Which part specifically do you disagree with?
Every early beta server had that one section you knew not to get close to. So much fire. So little frames.
Welcome to Modern Day Conservatism 101.
A religion is literally just a cult that got big enough to be called a sect and then got big enough to be called a religion. Christianity started as a Jewish cult. Mormonism, JW, Baptists, Methodists, Episcopalians, Protestants, and all the other 50 dozen branches of Christianity all started as Christian cults.
And colloquially they mean the same thing.
If you need help then yes it is acceptable to be slightly rude to get it. How the hell is this even up for discussion? If I'm walking down the street with headphones in and someone needs help then it is perfectly acceptable for them to interrupt me to ask for it. Are you so utterly devoid of basic human empathy that you care more about not being disturbed than helping someone in need? Even something as simple as asking for directions takes priority over being perfectly polite.
I'm not defending him, I was trying to figure out what the fuck he was thinking. But that was before a bunch of people completely derailed my original question. I don't know why he grabbed LAOP. If he needed help then there were obviously other places he could go. If he wanted to ask her a question then he's a fucking weirdo for grabbing her like that. If he wanted to hit on her then he's a fucking idiot for grabbing her like that. If he wanted to assault/abduct her then he's a fucking idiot for grabbing the person with a big-ass dog. Was he on drugs? Was he drunk? Is he literally retarded? Is he autistic? I don't fucking know. The only thing I do know is that he fucked up and that I'm not defending his behavior. I'm just trying to figure out what was going through his head and you all are acting like I'm saying he did nothing wrong.
Gaudy, cheap, and wildly impractical melee weapons. Think of the kinds of knives and shit that a mall kiosk would sell to neckbeards who think a $30 katana makes them a ninja. There's a subreddit for the most ridiculous stuff. I think it's/r/mallninjashit.
On a scale from 1 to Dragon Ball Z: Abridged, how big of a rabbit hole am I about to descend?
&gt;I don't care what he was thinking... And I do. Have a good night.
Right? They handled that like a boss.
Because you have a wonderful sense of humor.
Knowing the legalities of arson and knowing how to safely commit arson are two very different skill sets.
Well, at least until they get flushed out with everything else during your period.
I don't see why not. The answer here is obvious of course. As a sapient lifeform that is biologically human, the the fragment enjoys the full protection of our legal system. Which means that any attempts by the omniscient/omnipotent being to forcefully reabsorb the fragment would amount to kidnapping. The enforcement of this law is another issue altogether. Personally, I'm okay with letting a single kidnapping slide if it means we avoid the planet destroying wrath of a vengeful god.
There's also the old married farts like me who are just admiring all the bullshit we don't have to deal with.
It's those goddamn onion cutting ninjas!
See also: Jehovah's Witnesses
Well, it was.
There was some post a couple weeks ago where the LAOP started off with "First off, I am not a pedophile" and one of the commenters in BoLA thought it was so funny that he decided to start off every comment with that phrase. He kept it up for a lot longer than I expected him to, tbh.
They've been replaced with /r/TopMindsofReddit.
And you know this...how?
Which is why he developed the Pym particles in the first place. He just wanted to fit in.
Spiders can't feel pain.
I assumed the killer was one of the soldiers who originally buried the villagers. Its the only explanation that doesn't require the killer to be extraordinarily lucky.
I'm greatly simplifying it because I wanted to highlight the concept of different nerves carrying different signals, but you're right. The reflex is triggered by a combination of the pain nerve and the temperature nerve. The temperature nerve detects the large difference in heat and triggers the pain nerve. Then they both travel to the spine and trigger the reflex action before continuing on to the brain. That's why we know the stove hurts because it's too hot instead of a generic pain sensation.
To my knowledge there has never been a point in time where Mercy wasn't the most played hero. There may have been a time when D.Va edged her out, but I don't quite remember the details. Even when Ana was absolutely dominating the competitive scene, she never came close to overthrowing Mercy.
Which part?
That's competitive only. It doesn't reflect quick play, which is the most popular game mode by far.
Sorry for not specifying. Mercy is, was, and always will be the most popular hero in the entire game until her basic kit is heavily modified.
Fair enough. Should black and brown people be allowed to live in America with equal rights as white people?
Here's their "discussion" thread for when the NYT reported that Trump ordered Mueller fired last June: https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/7t1pzm/trump_ordered_mueller_fired_but_backed_off_when The others that were posted were removed and then chanabis posted this one and immediately locked it so the mods could mock people for not being able to comment.
Well, not consensually at least.
Neither "piece of shit" nor "racist" are racial slurs. You're just a shitty human being who's lashing out because your feelings got hurt when someone called you what you are.
Are you actually this stupid, or are you just trolling?
Awesome, thank you!
Then ignore the main quest entirely and don't pick the Shawn related dialogue options.
You're not really living up to your username.
People who were born after 9/11 happened will be voting in the next presidential election. The 80's ended 30 years ago. Millennials are now in their upper 20's and 30's
Unless someone deliberately cuts you off and brake checks you, anytime you rear end someone it is 100% your fault.
Damn, that cat got some air. Like I knew they could jump, but that's still impressive.
And the only logical conclusion you can reach from the movie is that Vincent is a jackass who risked his crew member's lives on a 0.1% chance that his heart wouldn't give out mid mission and doom everyone to a slow death.
&gt;*On consoles* Call of Duty does it a lot. Every first person shooter on consoles has an aim bot built in.
So pure. So innocent You never stood a chance.
Do you realize how pathetic you sound when your only arguement is "Those damn liberals wanted to be more inclusive!"? Are you really so arrogant that you think wanting to include more people is somehow a slight against you? Bitching about Happy Holidays just makes you sound like an immature child who throws a tantrum when people don't give it all of their attention.
The sub is in a weird place right now. This sub started as mostly atheists mocking christianity, but a couple months ago it exploded in popularity and now it's a weird mix of both. Its vaguely similar to The_Donald in that it started as a joke sub but as it got popular it started to attract people who weren't joking. Except the newcomers are Christians with a sense of humor instead of the bottom dregs of humanity.
That's my point: no one gets pissy about Merry Christmas. A liberal isn't going to get upset if you wish them Merry Christmas. The only people who get triggered by holiday greetings are the crybaby conservatives.
There's this weird thing that not-shitty people have that's called empathy. It allows us to imagine how other people might think and feel even though they're different than us. That's why even though liberals are more likely to have higher paying jobs than conservatives we still care about people who are less fortunate than ourselves.
Do you even know what it is?
And he wasn't going to be able to spend the next 4 years investigating Clinton. So he did the smart thing and got out early enough and hope that everyone would forget about him.
How the fuck does Pathfinder stay in business?
So you're saying that there isn't enough tax money to go around? Sounds like that city needs to raise taxes to meet the needs of the people. That way private corporations wouldn't have to bite the bullet and pay for infrastructure upkeep.
People act like if something has the word socialism in its name then it has to be a perfect representation of socialism. A country's name doesnt mean a single God damm thing. For example: the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is the exact opposite of a democratic republic.
Madagascar was only a bitch in the flash game Pandemic 2. The mobile game Plague Inc has Iceland and Greenland as the countries that are a consistent pain in the ass to infect.
The last time I checked, dropping a bunch of high end loot on someone's base isn't exactly griefing. "Oh, you just spent 20 hours farming the launch codes and decided to spend them by temporarily inconviencing me while also giving me all of the rewards for those 20 hours of work? "Thanks!"
How do you fuck up Modoc?
The rule is to not father any children or get married, fucking isn't forbidden.
True, but if you're sleeping with prostitutes like most of the Night's Watch do, then it's hard to prove that you're the one who got her pregnant. Even if she's only served Watchmen before getting pregnant it's still impossible to know who's the father.
Just like Grog.
That's a different person than who you originally replied to.
If a bathroom door sign triggers you so much that you consider it to be mistreatment and discrimination then you are very far outside of "normal". You're one of those pathetic snowflakes that gives the MRM such a shitty reputation.
You're deliberately ignoring all of the massive damage that Trump is doing to our soft power abroad and the blatant corruption within his administration. The damage that Trump is doing to our government isn't something that's going to be felt for at least a decade. He's steering our country towards a cliff and you're saying that everything is hunky dory because we're not currently dying.
I've been pulled over for actually stopping and waiting 3 full seconds before turning right on red. I didn't get a ticket, he just wanted an excuse to pull me over because apparantly driving at 12:30am in a college town was suspicious.
They're both terrible people and deserved each other. If only so no one else has to be subjected to them.
It doesn't usually. He was just being his normal jackass self.
There was a study that suggested that most women are bisexual to some degree and that very few men are actually bisexual. I'm looking for it again but I'm having trouble remembering how I found it last time. The gist of the study was that researchers measured the physical signs of arousal in men and women as they showed them erotic images of both sexes. Gay men and bisexual men only showed signs of arousal when shown naked men. Straight men and gay women only showed signs of arousal when shown naked women. And straight and bisexual women showed signs of arousal when shown naked men and women. There were obviously several outliers in the study, but not a statistically significant amount. ~~I'll keep looking for the study itself.~~ Round 2! I've found several articles about the study in 2005 by Northwestern University that I'm talking about, but apparantly linking to it is too difficult for journalists. I also found that in 2011 Northwestern University conducted the same study but this time with a larger, more diverse, group of people. This time they found out that bisexual men do actually exist! No onesincluded any links to the article and Google Scholar isn't giving me shit, so that's all I know.
One of us is getting *whooshed* and I'm honestly not sure which one it is.
Well two things. First, "FTFY" stands for "Fixed that for you" and you're supposed to use it when you're correcting someone else, not yourself. Secondly, I was just making a bad joke poking fun at libertarians' fear of just generically expanding the government. Though if I had to actually choose how to expand the government I would greatly increase environmental and financial regulations and the enforcement thereof. I'd also like to join the civilized world and implement public healthcare at the federal level.
They also get defensive and double down when you calmly and rationally show them that they're wrong. It doesnt matter how you go about it, you're never going to reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into.
Pretty much. The actual stat was "Willingness to use nuclear weapons" and Gandhi's was set to 1 out of 10. If he adopted a democratic government then the above stat gets reduced by 2, which brings it to -1. In the code the number value of the stat is stored in a byte which goes from 0 to 255, or 00000000 to 11111111 in binary. Gandhi's willingness to nuke a bitch is originally 00000001, so when its reduced by 2 from democracy the byte rolls over backwards to 11111111. In gameplay terms a score of 255 means that the instant Gandhi obtains a nuke he is compelled to use it regardless of the consequences. In later games the dev's changed Gandhi's nuke willingness stat from 1/10 to 12/10 as a joke.
That's a pretty solid opener to be honest.
So they're just copying Marvel's strategy even more now?
The left is capable of realizing that just because Islam is a shitty religion that's used to justify horrible atrocities doesn't mean that individual Muslims are bad people. Conservatives are just pissed that we're treating Islam/Muslims the same as we've been treating Christianity/Christians for decades now.
Have you ever taken a basic ecology class? That's not how that shit works out. Populations don't hit their carrying capacity and then level out. They hit it, quickly use up the available resources, and then suffer mass die offs as 70% of the population starves to death. I'm not being facetious either, that was literally in my basic ecology class in high school.
Did you homebrew Dimension Door at all? Because RAW the Door is metaphorical. You don't actually have to walk through anything, the spell automatically takes you where you designated.
27 is a heat wave? Are you being serious or is this just British humor?
So we've finally found the limit of god's power. Creating all of space and time out of nothing is possible, but two dudes having a baby is too much for him. Good to know.
&gt;I’m gonna assume at least one of those authors died and was revived who claimed there was no heaven or hell. You're exactly right, he did! It said so in his book!
Are you sure? There will be people voting in the next US presidential election who weren't even born when 9/11 happened.
At least Lewis already anticipated that and took steps to counter hostile self replicators. Fucking MVP right there.
Weaving in and out of the shoulder is illegal even if you're trying to play traffic cop. They both broke the law and they're both assholes.
The movies also show that the "Home" slot was completely empty as the three brother's hands moved to it. So if the house was empty before Harry and the Weaselys arrived, then why did the brothers act like they needed to be quiet?
40 cents a year isn't expensive by any stretch of the imagination.
You know you have a good question when the mods remove it.
They manage to be both trans inclusive but also sexist at the same time. So weird.
If you give it stats then the party will kill it.
The subreddit for DMing advice, /r/DMAcademy, even has a flowchart that gets posted every time someone posts a player problem. [Consult the chart!](http://i.imgur.com/EwiChyD.png)
Or in a couple billion years after we go extinct, some future alien race will stumble upon it and learn that they were not alone.
I legitimately can not tell if you're actually this dumb, or if you're just jerking my chain.
Anger is an emotion too, and most men have completely lost their temper at something that didn't deserve it. Hell, upwards of 90% of all violent crime is committed by men. If anything I'd say that its men who have less control over their emotions.
I see you failed basic algebra. The distance per sentence is set to 38 miles. The slower you read, the longer it takes to reach 38 miles. Which translates into a slower speed.
That idea is dumb. The distance per sentence is set at 38 miles. Reading the sentence slower means it takes more time to travel those 38 miles. Which means its slower. Any other interpretation requires you to completely rewrite the original sentence.
And one of those differences is not that women have less control on their emotions, so I'm really not sure what contribution you're trying to make.
Nah, then you'd just open the door to either only rich people being able to wield political power, or you'd massively increase the amount of corruption. When politicians are completely dependent on bribes to survive then even the most principled politician will be eager to earn some money on the side.
You're thinking of HP as a direct measure of a creature's physical health, but even by RAW that's not true. The vast majority of your HP is mental fortitude. The only time you ever sustain actual physical trauma is when you drop from 1 hp to 0 hp. Until then you only have nicks and minor bruises.
&gt;Knowing the concept of good and evil is not the same thing as know what is good and what is evil. Congrats, this is the most asinine thing I've ever heard someone say in defense of christianity.
What is the Nordic model?
Calm down Mr. Hart.
Spoken like someone who isn't an atheist. I'm sorry, but the utter lack of proof of your god's existence is by far the biggest contributor to becoming an atheist. The hypocrisy is definitely in the top 3, but it's not number 1. Its just easier to blame someone's loss of faith on the bad behavior of individual Christians instead of issues with the core concepts of Christianity. Hypocrisy is a solvable problem, the lack of proof is not.
That could mean that Christians are better people, true. But it does nothing to address the validity of their supernatural claims. The existence of good people does not prove that their god exists. It just proves that they're good people. I get what you're saying, but I don't think you fully understand just how important direct evidence is to atheists.
Oh, interesting. Do they do this for all high profile cases or is this an anomaly?
Why not?
Odin and Osiris don't have over a billion followers who are actively holding back humanity. Odin doesn't have any followers who are blowing up abortion clinics or campaigning against science. Osiris doesn't have followers who are funneling millions of dollars into the pockets of politicians who think me and my family are second class citizens. And I enjoy assisting newly deconverted atheists through the healing process as they adjust to their new radically changed worldview. Helping them usually requires reading their story so I can further understand their situation.
OP said "Existence of **God**". Not "a god", but God with a capital G. And they asked that question in /r/Christianity. You'd have to try really had to think they were talking about anything else.
But you could sacrifice a lamb as atonement when you've committed a sin? Or stole something? Or raped someone? What is the acceptable level of evil that's appeased by killing an innocent? You don't seem to understand my core complaint here. Animal sacrifices are inherently evil. It doesn't matter why you're doing it, atoning for committing an evil act by performing another evil act is senseless. If Jesus is so perfect then sacrificing him is even more despicable than sacrificing a lamb. And don't give me that "Jesus sacrificed himself willingly" line of bullshit. Jesus's consent isn't the issue. The issue is that God is so barbaric that only a blood sacrifice could appease him.
Is that even a sacrifice? Normal people just call that butchering. What sacrifice is there in killing and eating an animal that you were already going to kill and eat eventually?
That's not wasting the animal, but it does get into the issue of conservation.
So in order for the priests to not starve, they had to rely on a certain amount of sin occurring? Seems shady. Or if the sacrifices are routine then that get loops back around to the question of why God demands animal sacrifice in order to forgive sin.
Did you reply to the wrong comment?
If you don't want liberals acting morally superior then maybe you should stop being so reprehensible.
That's not coping with the trauma, that's tearing the wound open again and pouring salt in it.
All of the extraneous stuff you mentioned pales in comparison to the biggest budget destroyer that young people face: student loans. I'm paying over $500 a month in student loans between my wife and I, and we went to a cheaper public college and didn't live in a dorm. My phone, Nerflix, and other internet bills only come out to about $250 per month.
They can also grow their own pot in their basement if they want to. No one with a double digit IQ is making their own guns.
It would come down to the Republicans essentially being able to choose the interim president in that case. They will absolutely refuse to remove Trump if Pelosi was next in line. If they were smart (big IF), then they could choose a boring moderate president that the Democrats could tolerate in order to start taking people's minds off of their association with Trump.
Murder is illegal though, so that's *usually* all you need.
Google ads weren't the primary focus for Russia. Facebook was, and they used fake news stories to spread their propaganda, not ads. The dollar value of ads bought is a completely irrelevant value when determining how effective Russia's propaganda campaign was.
Its also important to note that they have a very short life span. About 3 years or so is all you're going to get.
Just, no.
You both look pretty evil from where I'm standing.
That's not surprising. Is it a sin for infertile married couples to have sex?
No, that sucks for all of *us*.
Its amazing how full of shit you are.
Also known as the correct way.
Oh for fucks sake. The **ONLY** difference between micro and macro evolution is how long it's been happening. You can't say that micro evolution is true but macro is bullshit because they're the same fucking thing.
When the only reason the system failed was due to lack of funding then yes, throwing money at the problem fixes it.
&gt; So when a bird gets a new beak it has evolved? Yes, that is the literal definition. If you're asking if it's become a new species, then I'm going to have to ask you to revisit the above picture and to keep reading it until you actually understand it. &gt;Or has it adapted to its environment? Also yes. &gt;I don't think you know what you are talking about Wrong, you're the one who can't pass freshman level biology. &gt;why are you so hostile? Because ignorant anti-science jackasses like you threaten to hold back the progress of humanity. You're just one step above those anti-vaxx pieces of shit, and that's only because cutting evolution education from schools doesn't directly murder innocent children.
I'd agree if there weren't doors available. If it was an actual sealed room and the vent was the only visible opening then the party's ingenuity should be rewarded. But if they just forgot about the set of fully fucking visible double doors then I'd do what that DM did because it's hilarious.
Changelings is what they meant to write. In old fairy tales, elves were said to sneak into the homes of newborn children and steal them. They would replace the child with a fey child that can look human but acts different in a lot of ways. Now we know that a lot of the descriptions of changelings were just various developmental disorders or birth defects that become apparent after the child is born.
Only a Hufflepuff would be proud of being a Hufflepuff.
And in the real world the most common response to atheists is reminding them of how they're going to suffer and burn in hell for eternity. If you ever want to see how cruel and evil your fellow Christians can be then just pretend to become an atheist.
That whole "pitting departments against each other and pushing them to sabotage their own company" idea probably didn't do them any favors either.
And now you know why the idiots at /r/retconned are convinced of... whatever the fuck they're on about. It turns out that the human brain is pretty shit about remembering things, so sometimes we'll be convinced of things from our past that aren't actually true. Like Berenstain Bears vs Berenstein Bears.
Yep, a while back someone posted their Berenstain Bears VHS that they found, and the tape itself had "stain" while the cover had "stein".
The first 5e character I played was a paladin in LMoP, and it wasn't until after the campaign ended that I realized that I had bonus actions I could use. I thought that Vow of Enmity, Shield of Faith, Compelled Duel, Hunters Mark, Divine Favor, and all of the Smite spells required a full action to use. So I never used any of them because it was never worth it to give up my action to do so.
&gt;Basically: You need a free hand to cast a spell with somatic components, and a free hand to use your focus, but they can be the same hand. Clerics/Paladins can use their focus if it's on a shield (and not in hand), but that doesn't absolve them of the need for a free hand to use somatic components. You literally just spelled out how using the focus on the shield DOES absolve them of the need to have a free hand for the somatic component. The hand that holds the shield is the same hand that performs the somatic component of any VSM spell.
That is an entirely new and unexpected level of pedantry that I was not prepared for. I'm honestly astounded that you can type that with a straight face. That is ridiculous.
There's also the "the soul is trapped and unable to be restored to life" work around as well. Which explains why someone else hasn't already gone and resurrected this super famous hero who's essential to resolving the plot. The point is, you shouldn't be burning super powerful resurrection magic on random historical figures without Communing with them first to see if it's possible.
https://www.sageadvice.eu/2015/01/04/holy-symbol-on-shield/ &gt;The intent is that the shield hand can be used for a somatic component if the holy shield is used to cast the spell. You're wrong. I'm sorry, but it's that simple. If you wish to continue being a pedantic stickler to the rules then you should know that, RAW, you can only use the shield hand to cast the spell if it has a material component. If the spell simply has Verbal and Somatic components (but no material components) then you cannot use the shield hand to cast the spell. Of course, the vast majority of tables ignore this rule because it's such a minor inane detail that doesn't actually add any fun to the game.
&gt; and probably likes to be on fire. Go on...
That's pretty fucking pathetic.
What do you think this is, /r/DnDadjokes?
Huh, that works for me in Roll20. It's possible that your Roll20 is borked or something. Just to be absolutely clear, when the token is hidden from the players it'll still be visible to you in the Turn Order window, just greyed out. I realized that I never specified how it looks when it works, so I just want to be certain that we're on the same page. And does it fade out if you start the token on the object layer but then send it to the DM layer?
Heighten is MUCH better than Empower. Imposing disadvantage on enemy saving throws is such a powerful ability and it's super rare for PCs to have it. Let alone having it on demand. Empower Spell is a noob trap. It is never worth picking it over any of the other good ones (twin, quicken, subtle, and heighten). If you want more damage then pick up Elemental Adept to ignore resistances and never roll 1s again.
No, for 1 SP you can *attempt* to turn crap damage into good damage. If you had more than 2 metamagics then Empowered would be an alright third pick. But it is never worth taking Empowered over Twin or Quicken. Especially when Elemental Adapt exists.
Then ask your DM if you can use a gun. There's stats for them in the DMG and you already have firearm proficiency.
Theres no ruling needed, that just how the rules work. If changing forms would allow you get rid of certain debuffs then that would be clearly stated in the description. But it's not. So if you get hit by a shadow and lose 4 strength then that carries over to your normal form until you take a short rest.
Got ya.
Rats only have a lifespan of a few years, and he started as an adult rat. He would have died naturally by the end of the series.
Hell, the bible flat out tells you how to perform an abortion and explicitly condones it as a method of determining if a pregnant woman cheated on her husband.
Best I can do is silver.
The only classes affected are Clerics and Sorcerers with Quicken Spell. And all it does is let those classes burn themselves out quicker and therefore giving the martials a chance to shine. It doesn't matter that the sorcerer double fireballed the first two encounters into ash, because now they're done for the day and the martials get to shine for the rest of the dungeon.
To put it bluntly, your DM is a fool if he seriously thinks that nerfing Sneak Attack so badly is a good idea.
The DM does NOT set the DC for Stealth checks, that is explicitly stated to be contested by Perception. It says this multiple times yet you still think that you're arguing RAW? Really?
Did you deliberately ignore the giant box of text that proves you wrong, or was that just a convenient accident? Regardless, on the exact same page that you quoted there is a giant box that has the following text, emphasis added: &gt;Hiding **When you try to hide, make a Dexterity (Stealth) check. Until you are discovered or you stop hiding, that check’s total is contested by the Wisdom (Perception) check of any creature that actively searches for signs of your presence**. You can’t hide from a creature that can see you, and if you make noise (such as shouting a warning or knocking over a vase), you give away your position. An invisible creature can’t be seen, so it can always try to hide. Signs of its passage might still be noticed, however, and it still has to stay quiet. In combat, most creatures stay alert for signs of danger all around, so if you come out of hiding and approach a creature, it usually sees you. However, under certain circumstances, the Dungeon Master might allow you to stay hidden as you approach a creature that is distracted, allowing you to gain advantage on an attack before you are seen. &gt;**Passive Perception.** When you hide, there’s a chance someone will notice you even if they aren't searching. **To determine whether such a creature notices you, the DM compares your Dexterity (Stealth) check with that creature’s passive Wisdom (Perception) score,** which equals 10 + the creature’s Wisdom modifier, as well as any other bonuses or penalties. If the creature has advantage, add 5. For disadvantage, subtract 5. For example, if a 1st-level character (with a proficiency bonus o f +2) has a Wisdom of 15 (a +2 modifier) and proficiency in Perception, he or she has a passive Wisdom (Perception) of 14. &gt;What Can You See? One of the main factors in determining whether you can find a hidden creature or object is how well you can see in an area, which might be lightly or heavily obscured, as explained in chapter 8.
Today is Father's Day for well over 50% of reddit.
I haven't misinterpreted anything you've said. Maybe you can explain how the concept of "1 person = 1 vote" is disenfranchising anyone? A population based voting system only favors big urban cities because they have more people. It does not fucking matter how little space those people take up compared to rural areas, everyone's vote counts the same. If you think this system is unfair then you need to take a good long look in the mirror.
Oh look! More deflection from the trump supporter. Who ever could have guessed that!? Look, I understand that logic and critical thinking are physically painful for you cretins, but if you're going to insult someone you're arguing with then you do actually have to provide an argument. Just saying "Haha, you mad!" doesn't disprove anything I said.
Fuck no.
It's stupid to call someone actively pushing to limit democracy a fascist? I guess we'll have to agree to disagree on that.
The Senate still exists, Wyoming will always have political power regardless of how many people leave the state. But why should Wyoming have a disproportionate say in choosing the president? The president doesn't have any impact on state affairs. They primarily deal with international politics. Congress is what impacts the states.
Excuse me?
I can't see any benefit to doing that that would outweigh the massive amount of headache it would cause. Hard pass.
They don't, every survey and poll I've seen shows them being primarily Warlocks and then Paladins at a distant second.
I always thought it was weird that you could cast reaction spells with spell scrolls. Unless you already had the scroll in hand it doesn't make sense.
If I remember correctly (I probably don't), the top mod sent mod invites to the top mods of t_d and LSC at the same time and then removed all mods from /r/punchablefaces. Whichever person accepted the invite first would become the new top mod and would be able to demod and ban the other person, effectively gaining control of the sub.
I've been living with my wife for over 11 years now and I don't have the faintest idea how many tampons she uses in a month. I know that she keeps enough on hand to fill up an entire drawer in the bathroom and that is the full extent of my knowledge. Unless I asked her directly it is literally impossible for me to know how many she uses. I don't keep inventory of the quantity in the drawer and she doesn't announce that she's leaving the room to go change her tampon. So you tell me, how the fuck would I ever learn how many she goes through?
If you watch the original trilogy without those 3 inch thick rose colored glasses then you're left with an interesting universe that's plagued by low quality effects, bad acting, a meh plot, wooden fight choreography, and multiple plot holes. They were good movies for their time, but they've aged worse than milk.
As long as you get your Spirit Guardians up the first round of combat then you can still dish out the pain while also keeping allies on their feet.
True, Spiritual Weapon would have been a better example for that reason.
You should be ashamed...
Weird, I'm still not seeing any attempt to refute any of my points. A movie can still be considered good even if it has a bunch of plot holes and the effects are bad. So a bunch of people saying how good the movies are does jack shit to address any of my criticisms. Try harder.
Oh...
I'm starting to see why you never get complimented.
You're a fucking minor? God damn, no wonder you're so insufferable.
It's too fucking early for me to tell if you're serious or just making shit up.
WgXcQ
The first chapter of LMoP has claimed the lives of more characters than the entirety of ToA. Everything between the goblin ambush and Klargg is insanely deadly for level 1 characters.
Is this a homebrew Oath or just a misreading of Devotion?
I'm still trying and failing to forget all the times I never used my bonus action abilities because I thought they required a full action. And I never used either Channel Divinity because I thought they were long rest only.
The kobolds don't use locks, they bar the doors from the other side and stuff the door knobs full of hot coals. They dig out deep pits and lure the party into them. They drop jars full of flaming pitch/shit on the party from murderholes. They collect swarms of poisonous insects and trap them in boxes to throw at the party. If they're in the service of a black or green dragon then they throw jars of dragon acid/venom. There are so many ways that kobolds can wreck your shit if they have time to prepare. If you don't think this is true then you need to work on your creativity.
That's not a bad idea. Different classes have different difficulty scales, so a fighter could choose to advance pretty quickly once they get the hang of it, but a wizard or a druid might choose to only advance once they've got the hang of their current spell level.
That sounds fucking terrible. I'd rather brave AL than deal with that.
What are you smoking? Olenna was the only fucking person who ever encouraged Dany to rule through fire and blood. "You're a dragon. So *be* a dragon."
For some things yeah, but not for others. A kobold wouldn't be very good at disguising a pit trap, but why would their capability affect the DC to dodge out of the way of flaming oil? It doesn't matter if it's a kobold or a level 20 wizard that's dumping the pot, burning oil is burning oil.
The fact that Sorcerers don't get Melf's Acid Arrow is ridiculous for that exact reason.
I want to think that this was your dad's way of getting you to do your own laundry.
The sister is the asshole here.
And those people are still pieces of shit.
And he then proceeded to take the rejection super well and respected her feelings. What exactly do you fucking expect him to do?
Because no one ever adds unnecessary details to their posts?
That's some B99 tier planning to pull that off.
RAW, yeah it could. Though I have no idea how that would actually look in reality.
And yet that excuse doesn't fly when men are violent and aggressive even though we spend 100% of our adult life being hopped up on testosterone.
Literally every single one of those was a symptom of testosterone. If you don't think that the effect of T is that powerful then you don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Imagine taking anything Veritas says seriously.
Project Veritas isn't investigative journalism, its a propaganda outlet. If you think that they deserve any amount of respect then you are a brainwashed idiot. No one who values truth would pull any of the shit that they do. It's fucking disgusting.
We should have punished the people responsible, not shifted the blame because Saudi Arabia has the president by the balls.
That's an example of him making things more difficult. RAW, Beau should have been able to pull Fjord free without making a check at all. *Any* forced movement breaks a grapple regardless of the source, and you don't need to roll a check to grapple a willing target.
The admins can. They used to correct typos if you asked nicely back when reddit was super tiny, but it's probably been close to 10 years since they've stopped.
Yes. Any movement that isn't affected by Fjord's movement speed is forced movement. So every kind of grapple, Thunderwave-esque effect, and Grasping Vines all count. Things like Confusion, Dissonant Whispers, Skirmisher's Retreat, and Manuevering Strike use the characters movement speed though, so they don't break grapples.
In this one super specific instance, yes. In literally any other context? Fuck no.
Holy fucking shit. You still buy into the delusion that sex and gender are the same thing. THAT is actually transphobic as fuck. I referred to their anatomy as female because that's what it fucking is. They are not male and they are not noticeably intersex. They are female. Not ONCE in any of my posts have I misgendered anyone. The employee in the post is a nonbinary female. They are not a woman. Nonbinary refers to their gender, female refers to their sex. You can have nonbinary males and nonbinary females. Stating the fact that they are female is not transphobic, it is objective biological fact. If they decide to undergo SRS then they will be a nonbinary male. But until then they are female. They have female anatomy yet aren't a woman. You are a shitty, ignorant, feminist if you think that sex and gender are the same thing. Like, this is seriously blowing my mind just how fucking ignorant you are. Google "Differences between sex and gender" and do some reading before you continue making a fool of yourself.
That's an object interaction, making it take a full action is kind of ridiculous. Taking an action to remove the dagger makes sense because it's harder and requires a check. But placing it wouldn't.
So you demand statistics to back up their statement, but you're too fucking lazy to actually read them when provided? What a fucking loser.
Just because a fact hurts your feelings doesn't make it untrue. Politics is objectively less of an echo chamber than r/con. It's not even a contest. Politics doesn't have "Liberal only" threads or ban you for disagreeing with the mods like r/con does. The fact that you would even conflate the two means that you either don't know what the fuck you're talking about or you're being deliberately disingenuous.
What facts are in dispute here? You all seem so godsdamned offended when I point out just how shitty your subs are, but you don't have anything of substance to defend them with. So tell me. Which part was wrong? Does politics have "Liberal only" posts like r/con has "Conservative only" posts? Does politics ban you for disagreeing like r/con does? Which subreddit is more open to dissenting opinions: politics where you're downvoted or r/con where you're banned? Come on, answer the questions and stop deflecting like a coward.
Dude, literally the top fucking post right now is flaired conservatives only. https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/eiklfa/true And if you read their rule bar then you'll see that that flair means that only people whose flair is conservative are allowed to comment in that thread.
And 32 over the entire 3 years of that account.
No he doesn't. He only presents himself that way when he has full control of the presentation. When it comes to face to face interactions his personality crumples like a wet paper bag. Every single time that Trump is challenged face to face he utterly capitulates. It doesn't matter if its Putin or Pelosi, he instantly aligns his own opinions with whoever he's currently talking to. That's the sign of someone with an abysmal charisma.
And if the shooter didn't have a gun then no one would have died.
How do you figure?
Oh fuck off with that. Do you really need a fucking peer reviewed study for the claim that people don't walk towards things that are scary?
It's not a claim that requires that level of evidence. But this cuts both ways if you want to play that game: where is **your** peer reviewed evidence showing that people tend to approach things that scare them?
&gt; Your whole argument is based off of your nasty assumptions of how a "real, afraid" victim would react. No its based on the fact that he hasn't made any attempt to find her for 2 years and has actively modified the behavior that got him into trouble. Which is why nothing happened in the two years: he has no desire to hurt her again. The fact that they both are aware of where they are does not change his past compliance with the order. We both know that ROs do fuck all to protect the victim. Its a piece of paper that requires the police to actually give a shit in order to enforce it. If LAOP wanted to hurt her again then a piece of paper wouldn't do anything to stop him. And what exactly do you think that forcing LAOP to move is going to accomplish? He still knows where she lives and, depending on the size of the complex and the limits of his RO, he can still visit his girlfriend while she lives there. The access and opportunity that you're concerned about will still exist. How is that going to give her any amount of piece of mind? In this situation enforcing the RO does literally nothing to protect her.
I fucking hate when people mention that study and just dismiss it as men being whimps. A person fucking died during that study and another was permanently sterilized and you're acting like their suffering is no big deal. Furthermore, less men complained about the side effects in that study than women did during a similar study. 20 out of 320 men dropped out due to side effects compared to 20 women out of 175 who dropped out. And the only reason the male study was halted because an independent **third party** safety board shut it down after one of the participants killed themselves. So kindly take your sexist bullshit and fuck off.
Who pays for the ponies?
Sir, please do not fuck the Federal Identification Ponies.
White people are haoles. There's some other word for black people that starts with a P, and then all non-hawaiian asians are just referred to by their country of origin.
Goddamn onion cutting ninjas!
What wizard are you playing that gets invocations?
That plan bugs the shit out of me and I honestly feel like it ruins the entire Hym questline. Like, they just spent 20 minutes discussing how they're going to try and trick the other person into feeling guilty, and then 5 minutes later she comes running in with a baby and tells you to chuck it in the fire. I know Geralt isn't a genius, but come on! How the fuck does he not make that connection instantly?
Infrasound is also the cause of most haunted houses. It resonates with the fluid in your eyes and causes dark shapes to appear at the edge of your vision. It also causes a feeling of dread and paranoia.
Because taking seats that aren't assigned to you makes you an asshole.
Not quite. The specific wording in the image is Brooklyn 99 verbatim. Jojo's has a vaguely similar concept but isn't this.
That's why you don't do anything reckless with them. Unless they're a barbarian, then you're just staying in character. Most combats don't have characters dying, so unless you're intentionally being stupid there's no real risk of them dying. It's only a problem if the missing player has a complex about people touching their things.
It's the one that acts as a save file for the universe. When shit goes south it reloads the universe and we try again.
All throughout the Old Testament. God damn, did you even read the fucking thing? God is a murderous psychopath. God slaughters the entire human population minus Noah and family, the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, every first son in Egypt, the countless innocent Egyptians who died during the plagues, the Egyptian army in the Red Sea, a handful of countries he siccs the Israelis on, and a bunch of other misc people. In contrast, Satan kills Sarah and then Job's family. But killing Job's family was condoned by God because he wanted to test Job.
That wasn't a requirement for power, it was done because sterile mages were deemed more useful than fertile mages by the leadership of the Lodge.
It was more annoying that the super powerful mage decided to fight with a sword instead of her super powerful magic. But that's not a gender thing, it's a wizard thing. I yell the same thing to my D&amp;D party's sorcerer everytime he decides he's gonna stab the dragon instead of doing anything useful.
And you know this how?
Did you just verb the word "verb"?
The restriction is that he only has one hand now. But spell casting only ever requires one hand, so there's zero impact on his spell casting. As for day to day living and adventuring, he'll probably find Mage Hand to be a lot more useful than he did before.
Forcecage can be teleported out of and then you just wasted the slot. You'll burn a legendary resistance in the process so it's not a total wash, but it's still not a great use of a 7th level spell. It also has an extremely expensive component that you can't guarantee you'll have access to. Regardless, Forcecage being amazing does not make Crown of Stars bad. A potential of 180 radiant damage that allows you to access your bonus action in the mean time is a hell of a lot better than Finger of Death.
That's fantastic, but not every class has access to Conjure Celestial. Wizards, Bards, non-Divine Sorcerers, and Warlocks don't have that option. So if you're playing a wizard and you're looking for a good 7th level combat spell to supplement your damage, then Crown of Stars is pretty good option since you don't have bonus actions. Or if you're a Warlock then it is literally your only good combat option at that tier. Just because it's not the most perfect optimized spell doesn't mean that it's not a good spell.
I agree, it is a little rude. But I consider it to be far more disrespectful to bring that kind of summoning bullshit to the table with zero consideration for the other player's time.
Neat!
The second biggest mistake of my DMing career was getting my players hooked on Critical Role.
I love when people claim that ShareBlue is currently a problem on /r/politics. It's a great way of instantly discrediting idiots trying to spread lies.
You should have done that to begin with. You don't get to act superior because you had to be pushed to show your work. Especially after you pulled that burden of proof shifting bullshit.
Funnily enough, the cat is the only stat block that breaks the rules of the PHB. At least that I've noticed. Every other creature follows the exact same rules the PCs do when calculating bonuses for attacks and saving throws and whatnot: proficiency plus ability score mod. Their proficiency is based on the CR and some times they'll have expertise in certain skills. You can tell if a creature uses Dex or Str for their attack by doing the math. Except for the cat. It is the only exception. Their claw attack is a +0 to hit and only deals 1 damage despite having a -4 Str mod and a +2 Dex mod.
Masculine women don't experience dysphoria from their lack of a penis. Gender is 100% a social construct because different cultures have different genders. Your gender is entirely determined by which culture you are born into.
High elf nature cleric gets all 3 at level 1.
The premise completely breaks down when you put any amount of thought into it.
You can interrupt storm arrow or throw up a shield or any number of other things, but scatter arrow would delete you before you even realized you were in danger.
Dysphoria refers to a set of symptoms that can be treated. A trans person who successfully transitions and no longer experiences dysphoria is still trans.
15 seconds. You gotta respawn after all.
3 seconds is long enough for you to reach over and slap the shit out of him. This has also been a problem for long enough for you to have talked to him and made him stop. If he ignores you then stop giving him rides. You are piloting a 2000lb death machine, fucking act like it.
"I didn't ask how big the room was, I said that I cast Fireball."
Several Roman texts that were written no sooner than 50 years after Jesus died. We have zero contemporary evidence of Jesus's life. The best we have is a scholar in the 3rd century who cites a historian who quotes another scholar who mentions Jesus. But both the historian and earlier scholar's works are lost to time. The best evidence for Jesus amounts to a game of telephone that spans 200 years.
If they can't even agree whether or not there was a motherfucking earthquake when Jesus's tomb was opened then I'm going to take anything they have to say as fact. Small details are perfectly understandable to get wrong, but an earthquake is not.
Lol, sure thing tough guy.
Holy shit, that paladin subclass is pretty damn close to a homebrew paladin subclass that I created. The flavor of being sentinels against extraplanar threats, the second channel divinity, and the capstone ability are all identical to my subclass. If I ever published mine publicly then I'd be worried that they plagarized it, but I guess I'll accept this as proof that I don't completely suck at class design.
Theres a comment that I'm gonna try to find that goes into this a bit. How Elsa would be the most popular/effective ruler ever because she's basically a god. (Edit: they deleted the comment but removeddit never forgets: https://www.removeddit.com/r/AskScienceFiction/comments/5im05x/frozen_franchise_why_do_the_citizens_of_arendelle/db9jjbn?sort=confidence ) But that doesn't mean that she's gonna put the ice workers put of business, she has more important things to do that create ice blocks all day. And she has guards because her enemies will definitely be sending assassins after her. She may be able to 1v1 any mortal, but she still needs to sleep.
...as proof that you're not a troll. That's not them throwing you under the bus, that's them reaffirming your authenticity.
I have seen far dumber things than using a PIN as a username, and spite is a far more likely motivator than stupidity on her part.
The people getting put in camps ARE asylum seekers you nitwit. That's why people are pissed at Trump and not Obama. Obama detained children who were either unaccompanied or had reason to suspect were being trafficked. Trump started detaining ALL children. If you enter at a port of entry and follow every single rule for seeking asylum your children will still be taken from you. This is what makes Trump such a piece of shit and you stupid motherfuckers still refuse to acknowledge the difference.
Now that's far more important.
Did you just ask why its evil to care about the aesthetics of a factory over the lives of the people working there? Are you fucking serious?
Nah, LGBT have Tuesdays. Thursday is the Jews' day.
I'm willing to bet like a dollar that the players name is Daniel.
You missed the point of my comment. My world isn't good. It has numerous holes in the logic of how it works and the story is a clusterfuck of epic proportions. But as bad as my world is, the HP universe is worse. I don't need to publish my work to know that. Other worlds being flimsy does not mean that the HP world suddenly becomes not-flimsy. And being flimsy doesn't mean that HP isn't good. It's a children's book. Pretty much all children's books have flimsy world building.
Right, because the name determines what it is. I guess that means that the People's Republic of China isn't a totalitarian dictatorship after all. I mean, how could it? It has the word republic right there in the name! Do you realize how stupid you sound yet?
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that the people who opt for *sex* reassignment surgery have issues with their sex and not with their gender. Because, again, sex and gender aren't the same. A person who suffers from gender dysphoria has no need to change their sex. Yet some trans people clearly need SRS in order to fix their dysphoria, which means that some number of trans people suffer from dysphoria of their sex and not their gender.
Sex is a complicated property that consists of male, female, and the entire intersex spectrum in between. But not a single one of the many aspects of sex are a part of the gender spectrum. No matter how in depth you analyze your body you will never find a single aspect of it that affects your gender. Your gender exists entirely separate from your body because it is a social construct. If you need to change a physical aspect of your body in order to transition then your sex plays *some* part of your dysphoria.
Venomfang sends his regards.
You're half right. It's a Dire Troll using its Whirlwind of Claws ability.
It's funny how underutilized Nystal's Magic Aura is. That shit is so powerful that logically it should be extremely widespread in most D&amp;D worlds.
Magic items and Innate Spellcasting still require all components unless otherwise stated. When you use a magic item to cast a spell you are still the one who has to physically cast the spell. Which means it can be Counterspelled, sorcerers can use their metamagic on them, and you suffer any adverse effects of spellcasting. That last one is important for a Ring of Wishes. Just because the ring is allowing you to cast Wish doesn't mean that you get to circumvent the wish stress if you do something stupid. If you make a stressful wish and roll poorly then you don't get to use the other wishes.
That *only* applies if you use your bonus action to cast a spell on that specific turn during that specific round.
Calling out bullshit isn't being combative. I'm just pointing out the worst parts of your arguments. If you think that's combative then stop making such shitty arguments.
You must live a fairly sheltered life if you think those are combative. Also, you continue to not respond to any of my arguments and are instead focusing on how mean I am for not accepting your bullshit.
While that's true, nothing I've mentioned involved adversarial DMing. Having the players fail due to their own poor choices does not mean that the DM is being adversarial. I'm starting to get the impression that you think any amount of difficulty in D&amp;D is a bad thing and means that the DM is out to get you. Which is really really sad. If me pointing out your shitty arguments is making you uncomfortable then feel free to stop responding. No one is forcing you to engage with me, but if you keep talking then I'm gonna keep responding.
LAOP says that Jane claims that Chris is just a normal guy. That's pretty weak evidence. It is entirely possible that Chris just didn't want his employer to disclose potentially embarrassing medical information to his co-workers.
And as everyone knows, politicians *never* lie through their fucking teeth when it suits them!
Why would you believe her?
You're putting too much thought into this. Not every spell has to be useful in every campaign. So spend your time and energy working on things that will actually matter.
Your wizard should have more than twice the sorcerer's spells known just from their level ups unless the DM has nerfed them. Is he making the wizard pay for the spells he's supposed to get for free every level?
That's nothing, I haven't even broken out the 55 gallon barrel of lube yet.
Weird implication of this is that a pregnant woman who is exposed to radiation is at risk of damaging not only her unborn daughter, but also her grandchildren if her unborn daughter's ovaries/eggs are damaged.
Have you already discussed getting married with her? By the time you propose to her you should have already had several discussions about it and her answer should NOT be something you're unsure of.
1. Git gud (and raise that proficiency bonus in the process)
I'm getting some serious 2016 deju vu right now.
Casting time is 6 seconds. Good luck getting all of your legalese out in time.
It's only fucked because Trump is in office. If he didn't win then we wouldn't be nearly as weak as we are now. People don't really talk about the actual damage hes done because most people don't understand how international relations actually work. Trump has completely destroyed America's ability to project soft power for the next 2 decades at least. He has gutted the state department of every single competent diplomat and analyst we had. That's hundreds of lifetime public servants with several thousand years of experience between them who are gone forever and won't be coming back. We're gonna be starting over from square one when the next president comes in and begins the process of picking up the pieces.
I'm not saying that no one started the religion. There probably was some guy named Jesus who started it, but the details of his life as we know them are pretty much guaranteed to be wrong. It'd be like if the Mormons became the dominant power of the world. Do you think that the version of Joseph Smith that people know of in the year 4020 will mention how he was arrested for being a con artist in several states and that he raped 14 year old girls? Or will the church continue doing everything in their power to white wash the fuck out of his image?
Boring for who? I think it's boring to spend an hour resolving combat with a bunch of vanilla-ass human thugs/bandits/ect instead of the interesting wizard tower dungeon the DM had prepared just because the party took the path on the left vs the right. That's why I have no problem with the quantum ogre concept. If the DM prepped an encounter then 999 times out 1000 it'll be a hell of a lot more fun than something they come up with on the spot.
Third party buffs from a mechanism that was empowering him. Once we disabled the McGuffin thing all of his stats went down. But we never saw his new save bonus because we switched to Dex save spells instead.
Fair point!
Delicious.
Are you missing any teeth?
Is it wrong to kink shame someone with a shame kink?
Because they accurately call out conservatives on their bullshit.
Unless the government bails them out because they're deemed "too big to fail."
I laugh my ass off everytime I see this video.
The effects of Wish happen instantly and don't require components, so you can use it to make a Simulacrum when you're in the middle of combat and completely naked.
Why wouldn't it? The description only says that they can't regain them, it never says anything about starting with less.
Let me tell you about my tiefling hexblade.
Same with elevators. The safety factor on those is like x50 the expected max weight.
The new contractor would be even worse. Trump has been hiring the most corrupt and incompetent people he can find for decades, he's not gonna change now.
No, that's literally written in the spell. &gt;Answers are usually brief, cryptic, or repetitive, **and the corpse is under no compulsion to offer a truthful answer if you are hostile to it or it recognizes you as an enemy.** Murdering someone with the intent to question their spirit with Speak With Dead is one of the dumbest interrogation tactics you can use. If you want to do that then you'll want Soul Cage, which does allow you to compell an honest answer.
Adding that 3rd dimension makes cones very interesting to use with flying characters. That dragons breath cone turns into a circle when its flying above the party, and makes some very weird shapes when it hits the ground at an angle.
They are not weak, they just have a shit load of non-combat utility to supplement their damage.
At the cost of resources. Monks do it for free all the time, and they can also speak all languages not just comprehend them. If you're comparing it to a spell then it's the 3rd level Tongues instead of the 1st level Comprehend Languages. Regardless of whatever little quibbles you can come up with, it won't change the fact that monks are far from a weak class. Their damage is just below a normal fighter and they have a shit load of additional features that more than make up for their damage deficit.
Reddit didn't replace any mods because the sub imploded over the mere mention that they would have to start acting like adults. The admins didn't even get a chance to take applications, let alone appoint new ones.
No you haven't. Whatever you think you heard was either from a liar or you misunderstood it. https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/gshffi/z/fs6hi8g?context=1 Here's a mod of The_Donald confirming that no admin approved mods were ever added. It took me literally 30 seconds of looking to find that. If you still think that mods were added then go ahead and list the names of the ones who were.
Pretty much. The mods they removed are the mods (and their alts) that routinely refused to remove calls for violence and other rule breaking comments. They never added new mods because I honestly don't think that a single person on reddit fit their criteria, which is really pathetic because the criteria boiled down to: -don't be one of the old mods -be a member of t_d -have moderation experience -don't be a piece of shit.
I fucking loved his character, but him as a player definitely gave off a bad energy.
1. It was far less than 2 years because of multiple reasons. 2. He used what little time he had to focus on the ACA.
If you want to piss off a Libertarian then remind them that despite Communisms failed attempts, people at least believe in it enough to give it a chance. Meanwhile, there has never been an attempt to implement Liberatarianism. It's such an untenable ideology that motherfucking *Communism* is more successful.
God forbid the sorcerer does something better than wizards for once. I've been ignoring that rule for 2 and a half years and it's not nearly as big of an issue as you're making it seem. Yeah the sorcerer can dump 2 fireballs in a turn, but they can do that only once or twice and then they're spent for the rest of the day. Sorcerer points are far too limited to make this a problem. It's only a problem if you're one of those idiot DMs who only have one encounter long rest. But in that situation you're fucking over the martials harder than the wizard.
They found several of the magic tomes that can boost your scores above 20. Vax, Scanlan, Percy, and Keyleth each had one over the course of the game.
If you make the wrong call in the heat of the moment you're not obligated to stick with it. Talk to your players about what happened and clarify the correct ruling that will be used from here on out.
Eh, new spells are allowed per RAW. The resurrection rules are the biggest rules deviations.
Bad design. In all four examples you're doing the exact same thing: using your action and bonus action to spend 2 SP, cast a 3rd level spell, and cast a cantrip in one turn. The only reason that the order matters is because the rule is poorly designed. A more well designed rule could restrict the number of spells you cast in a turn without having the illogical consequences that the current rule creates.
The permit is so that the city is aware of the protest and how long it'll be. Things go smoother if the city isn't surprised by a couple hundred people showing up the same day that someone else had an event scheduled for that space. Neither the city, the protesters, nor random citizens want the protest to show up in the middle of Little Timmy's birthday party at the park because the protesters didn't get a permit.
That's the exact argument the cops themselves have been using, you dingus. One bad apple spoils the bunch. If 99 good cops stand around and watch 1 bad cop get away with abuse then there are 100 bad cops.
That description gave me flashbacks to The Forest's final boss.
I do not understand why Disney decided to have two different directors for this trilogy. JJ clearly had a specific vision for the trilogy, and it's impossible to know if he just failed to share that with Johnson or if Johnson decided to ignore it. But either way the trilogy suffers immensely for it.
I thought so after seeing 9. I might be giving him too much credit, but I assumed he meant for Palpatine to be introduced/foreshadowed in 8 when Rey's parentage was explored. It also looked like he wanted the Knights of Ren and Luke's lightsaber to be more prominent than they were. I loved The Last Jedi, but it's hard to ignore the fact that it's not connected to 7 or 9 at *all*. And then it sets Kylo up as the new BBEG after Snoke bites it, only to turn around in 9 and have Palpatine somehow return.
Right? This picture is so godsdamned relatable that I'm astounded I haven't seen this scene used in this manner before. The people mocking it clearly didn't become an atheist after living in a super religious household.
What a great way to prove that you don't know what you're talking about. The atheists who trash religion don't do it because they don't follow it, they do it because they've seen first hand how shitty that religion is. I don't hate Christianity because it's different. I hate it because of all the abuse and pain that it's inflicted on me and so many other people. You argument is the exact same as those white people who don't think that police brutality is a problem because it never happened to them.
Yes, you are extremely sheltered. You have lived your entire life from out beneath the boot of organized religion. You have seen *nothing* of the horrors that the religiously devout will inflict on others just because they don't believe. I have seen parents disown their children because their child came out as an atheist. I have seen children beaten to an inch of their life because they asked the wrong questions about the Bible too many times. I'm genuinely glad that you're willing to expand your worldview, but don't think that the behavior of religious people when they're a minority has any resemblance to what they'll do if they gain power.
And I don't like having to sit out and do nothing while the bard sweet talks our way past the palace guards, but I do it anyways because that's the price I paid when I dumped Charisma. If you choose to wear heavy armor on top of dumping Dex then that means that you forfeit your participation in stealth. Those are drawbacks that you willingly made when making your character.
Saying "black lives matter" is just the same as saying "save the rainforest". It doesn't mean that boreal forests can get fucked, it means that you want to save the rainforest.
IIRC, 0° Fahrenheit was the lowest temperature that he could create in a laboratory.
Not with a flying speed and the sudden arrival of up to 8 T-Rexs they don't.
The Pixies Polymorph the party members, not themselves. Or, if the party has less than 8 PCs, the pixies use any of their other powerful spells on the party or the enemy before bolting away in order to maintain concentration safely.
He's a cofounder of reddit, he had more influence than just a single vote. Like that time he fired Victoria with no warning to the /r/Iama mods and then let Pao take the fall.
This is why you don't play quickplay.
And these specific soldiers were actively involved in committing genocide. These weren't random fire nation citizens who had nothing to do with the war effort. These soldiers were literally in the middle of incinerating the entire continent when Sokka and company stopped them. You're basically calling the Nazis who operated the gas ovens at Auschwitz "nice people".
It does show her pulling on the rudder cables on the ship she's on.
When we're talking about genocide, Nazi comparisons are extremely appropriate. If the similarity between your argument and Nazis is uncomfortable then you should step back and reevaluate your life. Because the middle of a fucking genocide is not the time to stop and consider whether the guys melting the flesh from people's bones are actually evil or just misled. Sokka was 100% justified in killing all of those people. And even if we accept your premise that they were just misled into thinking that they were superior people and that the Earth Kingdom shot first, that *still* doesn't excuse their actions. If they were okay with personally liquefying non-combatants on a scale that large then they were too far gone to save.
Wait, do you actually think that a 10% chance means it's impossible, or did you mean to say 0%?
That's, uh, not gonna happen.
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah... about that...
Tenzin vs Zaheer is one of my top 5 fights in both series. The entire season Zaheer has been wrecking face because no one knows how to counter a ruthless air bender. And then Tenzin finally faces him and completely destroys him in less than 30 seconds.
I love how that book portrays the politics of the Earth Kingdom as super fractured and corrupt. It's a completely realistic depiction of how people would act when you have what's basically a god child living in your country. Of course every ambitious bender in the fucking world is going to fight over who gets to teach them. Unfortunately it makes the show seem that much more unrealistic when Aang announces who he is and no one tries to claim him. Like, there's no fucking way that the Northern Water Tribe is going to just let him fly away and be trained by Katara. Yeah it makes them a target for the Fire Nation, but they just saw Aang wipe out an entire armada singe handedly. If the Fire Nation comes back then they can just throw Aang in the spirit pool again let him go nuts.
When would Suki have been mentioned? She was dead at the start of LoK and the only time she might possibly have been mentioned in a flashback was during the Red Lotus attack on young Korra. But even that would have been a stretch because why would Suki just happen to be at the Southern Water Tribe during the attack?
This is what you're supposed to do. If you propose to someone without sitting down and discussing it ahead of time then you're gonna have a bad time. The time of the proposal should be a surprise, not the fact that you're going to propose.
I love hag deals. My party was looking for an NPC in a swamp who was last seen 70 years ago. The Lizardfolk villagers had no fucking clue what the party was talking about, so they asked the kind old "elf" who lived in the creepy-ass hut that suppressed the Paladin's Aura of Protection. Half the party noped the fuck out, but the remaining four members stuck around. The "elf" said that she'd tell them where the NPC went in exchange for a moment of their time. They agreed and she happily told them where to go and sent them on their way. The moment of time that they all owed was paid for as they would each be teleported out of combat at the beginning of their turn when it was most inconvenient. At the beginning of their turn they would vanish for 6 seconds and reappear at then start of their next turn. Oh the warlock is about to deal the finishing blow to a dragon right before it gets another turn? Whelp, looks like he's getting pulled back to the hag's hut so that he can help her pick which dress looks worse on her. The paladin is going to heal the wizard who's on 2 failed death saves? Nope! She's gonna be giving the hag advice on which tea tastes "blue-er". The sorcerer planned to disintegrate the paralyzed monster? I think not, because the hag needs a second opinion on the dress the warlock picked. The Wizard's gonna cast Slow on a whole bunch of demons with shitty Wis saves? How about you go have some tea with the hag while she awkwardly flirts with you instead.
Oh god, don't even joke about that shit. There's already enough morons in the world, we don't need more people thinking that they switched universes just because their memory sucks.
The ones we've seen have been though, that's the problem. Yangchen is the only one that's an unknown, since we know fuck all about her, but Kuruk, Kyoshi, Roku, Aang, and Korra have all been attracted to women. The female avatars are the only ones who have been shown to be LGBT and all of the male avatars have been straight. This wouldn't be a problem if any of the male avatars were shown to be bi, but they haven't. The writer of Rise of Kyoshi had a great opportunity to show Kuruk as bisexual during the story if he wanted, but instead he went with the safer option of having Kyoshi be bi instead.
You don't suffer any significant injuries until you hit 0 hp. Anything above that and all you've taken are scratches, minor cuts, and bruises.
The ranger is perfectly fine... in combat... as long as you're not a Beastmaster. The problem is that every single one of their non-combat features are completely fucking useless. Natural Explorer, Favored Enemy, Primeval Awareness, Land's Stride, Hide in Plain Sight, and Feral Instincts could all be removed from the class and in 99% of games it would make zero difference. Every single base class feature except Extra Attack and Spellcasting is completely useless. That's how bad it is. Feral Instincts is particularly bad because it literally makes you worse at detecting invisible creatures than you were before. ALL creatures automatically know the location of invisible creatures as long as they aren't hidden with no range restriction, but Feral Instincts nerfs that ability and makes it so you can no longer detect invisible creatures if they're more than 30ft away.
If you need to be sneaky then you leave the heavily armored jerks behind. If you absolutely have to have the entire group with you then their failure is part of the price they pay for using that armor. Not every check the group makes is considered a group check. For some checks the individual success and failure of members matters. Just because rogue is damn near invisible doesn't mean that the rock that Sir Golden Boy's steel boot just kicked isn't loud as fuck. And just because the cleric has a passive Perception of 29 doesn't mean that the fighter (passive score of 8) isn't surprised by a goblin ambush.
Jesus christ. My 7 player party "only" takes 15-20 minutes to roll through a full round in 5e.
Yeah, I do. Because that's a perfectly logical outcome for a stealth mission. Either everyone succeeds or no one does.
An old friend of mine was studying psychology and he said that Freud was considered important because he was really good at asking the right questions about the human mind, but he was also *really* bad about answering those questions.
Command would definitely work as long as the target doesn't interpret "confess" or "answer" to be directly harmful to them. If they're a religious fanatic and believe that allowing Tiamat's plans to fail will cause her to strike them down then Command won't work. Command also is limited by spell slots if they're good at wisdom saving throws. Zone of Truth forces out 600 Charisma saving throws over the course of its duration for a single spell slot, but Command is 1 save for 1 slot. There are thousands of way for this little localized magical arms race to play out, but in the end as long as Zone of Truth exists there will always be a situation where torture is morally justified. Even if its a very rare thing, it's still infinitely more acceptable than in real life where it has zero morally acceptable applications.
I didnt create them to avoid bans, so that rule wouldn't apply.
Yeah, all kinds of shit pops up in /r/all and I don't always look at the subreddit name before commenting.
The problem with exhaustion is that it spirals very quickly. Just a single stack of it means that you're rolling both initiative and perception checks at disadvantage. You're less likely to notice ambushes and you react slower whenever combat occurs. Making it that much more likely for you to go down again. Which means that now you're moving at half speed so you can't run away or position yourself properly. Which leads to your third stack where you are quite literally useless at everything. Unless you're lucky enough to get that first stack right before you take a long rest then it's more than likely going to stick with you for several days as you continue to gain more stacks than you lose every day.
Not when the topic is comparing the US to China.
And the greater context is comparing how each government punishes wrongthink. 50 years ago the FBI would work against you if you were on the left, and at the same time the CCP would slaughter anyone who publicly went against them. Compared to today where the FBI tracks you but doesn't take any direct action against you unless you're planning to commit a crime, and the CCP will still black bag you and harvest your organs if you speak against them. I'm not saying that the FBI is my friend, I'm saying that by every single metric, they're orders of magnitude better than China. That doesn't mean that we should be complacent about their overreach of power. It just means that in this specific conversation that its okay to say that compared to China, they're not so bad.
And that level of thought is exactly what you need to bring when you use this rule. You've taken steps to limit how fast the exhaustion stacks up and also provided a way to quickly lose multiple stacks in a single day.
My favorite player type is one that I call "The Idiot Fish". The players who see a plot hook dangled in front of them and won't even hesitate before swallowing that sucker whole.
They've kind of got it backwards. Sex has always referred to your biology, but up until 1955 it also referred to your role in society. It changed in 1955 because anthropologists discovered too many other cultures whose societal divisions couldn't be explained by sex. So they ~~stole~~ borrowed a term from linguistics and called the various roles people fulfill in society their gender, and relegated sex to only describing a person's biology.
This has literally nothing to do with whether women can be evil (they absolutely can be). I'm talking about Gygax's subconscious sexism in making the only matriarchal race the most evil and sadistic one. The problem isn't that the drow are matriarchal, its that **only** the drow are matriarchal. If Gygax made the dwarves matriarchal to the same extent that the drow are, then the drow's matriarchy would be less of a problem.
The Transformers are definitely a better example. The Marvel movies are unique for the level inter-connectivity they have. You can love them or hate them, but you can't deny that they're the only movies that have done something like that before.
None of that is anti-white though. They're not fighting against white people, they're fighting against the systems of oppression that have historically been used to, well, oppress them. And for the record, "defund the police" doesn't mean to eradicate the police entirely. It means to strip excess funding away from the police so they can't outfit themselves with military grade equipment.
I've seen some doozies on Sage Advice, but that one takes the cake for being the most asinine. Instead of errataing the description of Twinned spell to include objects they decided to completely gut the usefulness of it instead. I don't understand why they haven't just deleted the sorcerer and merged it with wizards yet. They clearly despise sorcerers so just get it over with.
And earthbenders already have the lowest percentage compared to their population. If you're one of the very lucky few who can do it then you're pretty much guaranteed a good life.
You're still mortal and you'd only be serving as president half of each term, assuming your party was able to both be continually elected as president and also have control of both chambers of Congress over decades despite the obvious fuckery.
You think someone with hundreds of Cloned bodies doesn't also have a few basic wands lying around for this exact scenario?
If you live to be 115 and aren't assassinated then maybe. In reality, the instant you tried to pull this shit you'd be getting sued by the other party and the SCOTUS would be slapping that shit down immediately.
The penalty for violently resisting arrest is not death.
Or they talked to him after the damage was already done and his later efforts to change weren't effective. See, I can make up unsubstantiated bullshit too! Are you intimately aware of every one of your friends parenting abilities? Are you able to see when your friends are neglecting your children? And more importantly, *how would you know if you failed to see the neglect*? How are you able to differentiate between a good parent and a neglectful parent that you failed to catch?
LAOP is rich, that's why the cops actually acted.
Minneapolis didn't change a damn thing until the protesters burned down their police precinct. The Suffragettes weren't taken seriously until they started firebombing government offices. The reason those in power don't want you to violently protest is because it *works*. Its not 100% successful, but it's a hell of lot more effective than peaceful protests.
Speed and mobility are FAR more important than durability and healing. You can't die if you never get hit, and in the later stages it doesn't matter if you have 10 hp or 10,000 hp, you're going to die in two hits regardless. The game has a mechanic called One Hit Protection. You cannot take more than 90% of your max hp in one instance of damage. If you have 10 hp max and get hit for a million then you only take 9 damage, whereas the person with 10,000 hp will take 9,000 damage. And it's a hell of lot easier to heal for 9 hp than it is 9,000hp.
My point is that all of the titles that have a separate "ess" suffix to denote women can be used gender neutrally. Server works as a decent replacement for waiter, despite the classist undertones of serving someone, but what about actors? Right now we still use actress, but eventually that's going to start sounding pretty sexist once nonbinary people become more accepted. Why do we need to invent a new term when we can use what we already have?
Super vague spoilers for LoK season 2 and 3: &gt;!Some spirit stuff happens at the end of season 2, and as a result a lot of people suddenly become airbenders in season 3. Which leads to the main villain of season 3 being an evil airbender!&lt; And Aang has a single airbending son, Tenzin, who then has 4 airbending children himself.
Lightning generation is actually *super* rare before. Like so rare that even the Fire Lords considered it to be a myth until certain events happened during Kyoshi's life. That doesn't really explain why Roku didnt learn it from Sozin while they were friends, but it does help explain why no avatar before him learned it.
I've had this idea knocking around my head about a party of old heroes that defeated a Lich and were awarded a keep as their reward. The years roll by and the keep falls into disrepair and is eventually inherited by a member of a new party. In celebration, they throw a huge party and after a few kegs of ale, the barbarian chucks a small throne off a balcony. The throne shatters and to everyone's horror the pieces transform into the Lich that was supposedly defeated long ago. It turns out that the original "heros" didn't actually destroy the Lich. They couldn't find its Phylactery so they managed to True Polymorph it into a chair thinking that would be good enough. Or at least, it would kick the can down the road so it wasn't their problem anymore. And thus starts the campaign to actually destroy the Lich, once and for all.
The real problem isn't that the mods left it up for so long, it's that so many people upvoted it to begin with. If there weren't several thousand shitty people who voted it to the top then it never would have needed to be removed. I first saw it on /r/all when it already had 1000 points, so I don't know how many of the final votes came from members of this community. But I do know that if the first couple hundred people who were part of this community downvoted it instead of upvoted then it never would have seen the light of day.
Half orc sailor who discovered that he's really good at hitting pirates trying to stab him. So he quit the next time he docked at port and started adventuring... only to discover that adventuring is really dangerous work that doesn't pay very good. So he figured being a bodyguard would be a more rewarding profession... only to have his charge (the party's mage) decide that they really would like to give this adventuring thing a shot. So now he's back to adventuring while trying to keep both himself and the wizard alive.
Surprisingly enough, it has nothing to do with Quicken Spell. Crawford stated that the primary purpose of that rule was to speed up combat by limiting spellcasters' options. So that the player doesn't spend time flipping through their spells for a bonus action spell after they cast their main one.
The red bar is hp, the yellow bar is movement. You only have 1 action and 1 bonus action that you can use each turn. Your action is your primary thing you do, and bonus actions are typically smaller things.
Spike traps, electric fences, and barbed wire will prevent them from bum rushing you. If they're stacked that dense then they're easy targets for molotovs and grenades. And if zombies are able to break through a 7000 hp steel block faster than you can kill them or repair it then I don't know what to tell you except get good.
www.fantasynamegenerator.com is my go to when I need a name.
I'm not sure where you people keep getting the idea that this situation results in your character dying. A nat 1 isn't instant death, it's just really close. Your team has an entire round to stabilize you before you even have to roll again. The only way you're dying is if the DM deliberately attacks you to kill you. &gt;I get attached to my characters while I'm creating them because I work hard fleshing them out and making backstories. Not gonna lie, I thought people like you were just a meme. Why are you putting so much effort into a backstory when the most interesting thing in your character's life (the adventure you're about to play) hasn't even happened yet? 99% of the time backstories longer than like 2 paragraphs are just a waste of time.
Archery is downright broken with Lone Wolf and Executioner. Like, it's almost disgusting how easy it makes the game. Two Handed weapons is also really good, but not as good as archery because you have to burn AP getting to your target. Whereas for Archery you usually just have to start each fight by Tactical Retreating to the highest part of the map and then you never move again. Dual daggers is only okay. You can't take Executioner because The Pawn is so important for setting up backstabs, but there are so many situations where you can't backstab because the enemy's back is against a wall. So your damage falls off pretty hard in those situations compared to other physical weapons. Mages also greatly benefit from Lone Wolf, but for most of the game you're not able to fully benefit from the increased AP because your abilities are on cooldown. You get your initial burst of damage from skills but then you have several turns of using your basic wand attack. Of course, at the end of the game mages are able to win battles singlehandedly by using Apotheosis, Executioner, and Time Warp to spam all of the 3 SP spells back to back.
Spells do what they say and nothing more, nothing less. If the grease was flammable then it would have said that it was flammable. Just how Fireball states that it lights objects on fire. It does that because not all fire spells actually start fires.
And they currently have access to the early access, so what the fuck are you bitching about?
You can't just grab a random set of plate armor and put it on. They're custom made to fit a single person. Even adjusting the armor to fit a new person is expensive, 150 to 600gp worth of work. The party should be paying the blacksmith if they want to use this armor, not the other way around. And what the hell is a blacksmith in Barovia going to do with 3 sets of plate armor? They can't use it, none of their clients can afford the refitting cost, and no one in the entire module has enough coin to purchase even a single one of these suits. That armor is worth more money as scrap iron than as fancy plate mail. /u/CedricX04 is using video game logic because they're treating the NPCs like RPG merchants who have an infinite supply of disposable income to purchase all of the player's useless shit. They never once stopped to consider how much gold the blacksmith actually has available or if they'd even be interested in buying the armor. They just saw the title of "Blacksmith" and made a hundred false assumptions.
That guy might be a dick, but you're still wrong. Rolling an extra die isn't the same thing as rerolling a die. RAW, Lucky let's you roll an extra dice and then you can choose between the **3** dice that have been rolled which one you want to use. If you have disadvantage and rolla 20 and a 2, then you use Lucky and roll a 10, you're not replacing the 2 with a 10, you're adding the 10 to the pool of dice. For example: [20, 2] becomes [20, 2, 10], not [20, 10].
&gt;It does however make sense that a blacksmith would have use for three sets of armor right? No, it does not. Again, you're just seeing the title of blacksmith and assuming that this dude has any desire or need for 3 sets of full plate. He's a blacksmith, not an armorsmith. He makes and sells tools and horseshoes, not fancy armor. In real life, blacksmiths in small villages didn't make weapons or armor more complex than a knife or a shield. And the shield would be the upper limit of what they could do. Weapon and armor smithing were extremely high skilled professions that required years of training and study beyond normal blacksmithing skills. You will not find them in a poverty stricken village in Barovia. You're basically trying to sell 3 bottles of 500 year old scotch to a random bartender in Bumfuck, Idaho who's former alcoholic. They can't drink it, and neither they nor any of their customers can afford to buy it. Look, I'm glad that you and the DM resolved this issue, but that doesn't change the fact that your logic was extremely flawed and was based on misinformation that you learned from video games.
I believe in you!
They dont have any experience programming for consoles. The console version was licensed to Telltale games, but they went bankrupt. If TFP wanted to update the console version then they'd have to either license the rights to the game out a second time, or learn to do it themselves. They're probably going to be gun shy of letting another company have the rights to the console version after the Telltale debacle, and right now any effort put into learning about consoles is effort not put into the the main game. Developing games for consoles isn't as simple as updating the UI to match console controls. It's an entirely different engine and you have to meet the *extremely* strict specifications that Microsoft and Sony require before being released on console. Every single console update takes hundreds to thousands of work hours to guarantee that it passes the tests then first time. If you fail even a single part of the tests then you have to wait several weeks before you can even attempt again.
No, wizards can only create spell slots up to 5th level with arcane recovery. There is a very strict but unspoken rule that you cannot regain spell slots of 6th level and above by any means.
What in the absolute fuck...
