They could announce Pokemon in this Direct and then follow it up with it's own Direct in March or April or something like that right before E3...or at E3.
Would be absolutely amazing.day one buy for sure.
Yea I don't hate them, I just prefer the Pro Controller, but I'm sure once I try out the handheld side of the Switch more I'll get used to them. I just literally haven't used them more then a few minutes at most.
I could instantly tell the Pro controller felt better to me. Are you trying to really tell me what feels better to me? Are you offended by it? like what is your point ?
So you hate me because I've chosen to use a product in a way it was meant to be used, and have put less time into a secondary use for the system ? I don't comprehend how that is excusable.
How much customization is there? I've been using Logic Pro 7 since 2007 on an old 2007 Macbook Pro and I'm about to upgrade to an imac in 2-4 months. All this negative stuff about Logic Pro X and High Sierra has me worried. My setup worked amazing from day one. It's outdated and doesn't do what I need it to do, but it's always worked from day 1 and still does. I don't really like the default look of Logic Pro X. Is there a way to make it look more like Logic 7, like some use made skins or something that is compatible and won't break Logic by using it?
Yes I understand those. They are nice....for what they are but lets not pretend they are as good as the Pro Controller. They are awesome for how small they are but are a bit cramped and I couldn't move around as well and it was more uncomfortable to play for me. I saw this within minutes of using it, yet within 30 seconds of the Pro Controller, it was automatically my new favorite controller. I didn't have to try and get used to it, because it's a much better design for longer play sessions. I wish Nintendo in the future would put out some slightly larger joycons with maybe a build in grip nub at the bottom. They are a bit small for my taste, but they are good for what they do. I just haven't had a desire to use them because I like the Pro controller so much.
One of the best games ever made....at least I think so. There is a similar game on STEAM on PC called Air Mech Assault or something like that, but it's the only game I've seen that is similar. I'd buy a Sega Genesis again just to play the AI in this game.
The color is so vibrant. great job. cool style too with the clothes and the horns.
I just got it for PC and it's amazing. I'm probably going to get it for XB1 or Switch as well so I can play on Big screen too. I was instantly hooked one game in. The controls are some of the best in any game I've ever played. Extremely responsive.
I would assume so as the controls are very simple.
Capcom vs SNK
Yea Air mech is ok but nothing comes close to this game. Plus the music is awesome.
It runs well as it does and I only used it to make music in Logic. It did what I needed it to do and I didn't want to risk anything messing up if I upgraded to a new OS. I liked that it was stable and 10 years later seems to be the right choice. Really looking forward to getting a new imac though.
I've never cared about them on other consoles and don't know. I create my own achievements in my mind if I need to do that. Otherwise I just enjoy the game for what it is.
Persona 5 is a niche game within a niche genre. It sells really well for what it is.
I just meant open world like Botw, not actually the same gameplay elements. I think Opening up Pokemon and taking what would be 3 games worth of regions and towns and packing it into one large new open world Pokemon adventure that plays 80% like the old Pokemon but with a new look,feel, and updated battle system that allows more moves and customization to each Pokemon.
ehh different audience but I see what you are saying....It would be at that level in terms of popularity or take something like a Pokemon to do it. The thing is, with MMOs you have all that class variety. You'd have to add in stuff like have a class for the Main character and leveling that up as well as other things, but I would definitely play it if they made one for sure.
Yea just an idea...I wouldn't want it in if it ruins the main core of the game though.
uh what? So of all things in this world....working hard on music shouldn't earn anybody money? But all other things are ok? * I could sell a piece of string on ebay and call it s bracelet, and that is ok? But crafting a song over the span of possibly weeks to months, and wanting to make a few bucks off it is not? I don't understand that....maybe I'm misunderstanding. I've never sold music for money but I'd be pretty irratated if somebody told me my hard work and time was worthless or worth nothing. * All the best music in existence has money involved in some way shape or form. Should all restaurants feed you for free, and all clothing places not charge you as well? What about the gastation? The world is just free isn't it ?
uh Sonic Mania just released and it's the Sonic people have wanted since Sonic 3, so there is some redemption.
k glad it's not just me. I just recently bought a used xbox 360 and tried to use a xbox live gold 2 day free trial and trying to sign up for a new name it would give me this error.
hmmm. I guess it's not so much harm I'm worried about but that I just wanted to use this free xbox live 2 day pass so I can download some teams for NCAA 13...It won't let me access that feature without xbox live. It won't let me make a xbox live account though as every time I try, once I've filled out the info and press accept or enter it goes to this error message.
* Idea. every country with a coastline make huge versions of those air filters they use in fish tanks. Build them like half a mile out to sea, and as far down as possible and just have it circulate the air in those spots. Would that even work? Just an idea I had.
* Dragon Quest XI * Smash Brothers * 1st party 2D platformers...2D mario/kirby/yoshi * Fire Emblem * Diablo 3 style game.... * Something similar to borderlands * RTS game * Wargroove I think for the most part a lot of the games missing are on their way and then there are the games we don't even know about yet. * Forza or Forza Horion type game * Space sim game * Story driven action adventure game. * New IPs
* Owned since midnight launch.....Have yet to play handheld mode, so 100% docked. I'm still playing my 3DS,psp &amp; Vita so I have those games for my handheld needs. Once I get through that backlog then I'll probably use the switch more as a handheld, but I just love playing it on my larger tv and the Pro Controller is awesome....love using it.
I just charged mine full in like 45-60 min the other day.
That is awesome. So many different ways to enjoy this same system. All different experiences...all good.
a ZJ ?
Nintendo Directs are Nintendo's way of showing us what is coming out for their systems. It's a tapped segment usually lasting between 25-50 minutes that gives us info on games and what to expect in the near future. They usually show what will be launching soon and then a few surprises or announcements for the future. Some have been just ok or boring, but most have been exciting as there is usually some unknown piece of info that gets released....actually a lot of info. * This direct will most likely be for everything from Jan-June 2018, and then we get E3, where most companies save their larger reveals. * So they will introduce whoever is guiding us along on this tapped segment....brief explanation and then into the first video....We usually get a trailer or somebody narrating an explanation over gameplay that we see. They tell us some info about the game, show us some gameplay, and reveal stuff about the game we didn't know or were speculating on via rumors. Sometimes there are things we don't even know to expect or predict which is like a nice bonus. Hopefully it's a good one that hooks more of the newer Nintendo fans.
Haven't even tapped into all the possibilities of games that could release on the Switch. It's a momentum thing really. If it wasn't for the constraint on the chips for the Switch, they would have sold even more, but apple has a larger deal with that company so had priority for a while....same chips in iphone or something like that. If they are planning on selling 20 million in 2018, it's not off the backs of Botw &amp; Super Mario odyssey alone. I'd be willing to be we get 1-2 brand new Nintendo IPs in 2018, along with a few other favorites like Pokemon, Fire Emblem &amp; Smash. That along with Yoshi, Kirby &amp; some good 3rd party support could be enough to do it.
yea np. I'm hoping it's a good one so some of you can see what the hype is all about. Some of these have been amazing.
* Level design in Smash 4 is by far the worst and most gimmicky...at least in my opinion it is. I want more standard set smaller stages that aren't flying around and don't move around. * I want more stages like Yoshi's Island 64https://www.ssbwiki.com/Yoshi%27s_Island_(SSB) * Dream Land https://www.ssbwiki.com/Dream_Land_(SSB) Or the Pokemon Stadium ones. I know I said not gimmicky, but those transform into normalish stages. I just don't like the a lot of the stages in Smash 4. I think they kind of ruined a lot of what could have been good ideas. Also the stage creator having only 6 backgrounds ruins it as well. All the stages feel the same...like how hard would it have been to give us 100 pictures for backgrounds to choose from. No way it takes up that much room on cart. * I like the Roster for the most part but there are a few I'd get rid of for sure,but I'm sure that would be a different 5-6 depending on the person you asked. But yea I'd much rather have a Smash 5. I mean I'll buy a Smash 4 deluxe or whatever but I want Smash 5.
congrats. Enjoy. What made you go with this over the OB-6 ?
Yea I've only heard them in video but they sound amazing. Can't make a bad choice with either of them. Have fun with it.
Get Logic Pro for $200 and all the virtual instruments she will need.
https://gematsu.com/2018/01/skies-fury-dx-announced-switch This seems to say it does have online....which is awesome. Definitely buying this.
3DS did that for me as well. Played games exclusively on Xbox 360 from 2007-2013 as I didn't have a ton of money and my PC had broke before so I just gamed on that. Bought a 3DS in 2012 and reignited my passion for Nintendo games and helped me discover my love for RPGs and my love again for Tactics / strategy games. I didn't own a DS or a Wii, but did own a gamecube,N64,NES, and what not all before so It was nice to get back into it. I also impulse bought my PS4 but I don't play it that much. There are a ton of games on it but I'm somehow never in the mood to play most of them. great system though...as is the XB1.
I actually hate this song and their sound....but I can see how that would hype you up...the memory association type of thing. I get that for other things.
Yea I have a 500 gb XB1 and with 6 games installed I only have 60gb left. The games also take hours to download. Installing is like 20-25 min + download + update.
2020. We will get another dedicated handheld but they need time to separate the Switch from the 3DS. Once Switch is a few years in, it will be easier for people to distinguish between the Switch and a new handheld that would be out.
100% Andre Segers from GameExplain.
I agree. They don't care about anything and just do as they please even if it destroys other people's property.
It's like realism + impressionism mixed with cel shaded. Love the style and it's use of colors and shading. great job.
You will. If you or anybody thought this is all there is in the first half of 2018 then you are mistaken or misinformed. Don't worry, this is just a snippet...a teaser to hold people over until the real Direct which will showcase many bigger games and give some hints for the future. A lot of the 2019 stuff will be at E3 though so I wouldn't expect a ton of 2019+ stuff in the next Direct either. Next Direct will have something Yoshi,probably Fire Emblem, another Wii U port and maybe another new game. I'd assume they save most of the larger reveals for their Nintendo Direct @ E3.
That will come in a full Direct. They got something out now for the new year. I think they want one main Direct to happen prior to E3, and save some big reveals for that. So maybe we get another mini Direct, and a full one until E3 in June.
I need to pick it up eventually.
I've never played any of those sorry. I wouldn't be much help with advice on those specific games although I do know they play quite differently from each other. Different types of games.
* It was a mini-direct to hold people over until the real full Direct in 3-4 weeks. They got out some of the smaller less exciting releases as something to keep interest and the next one + E3 will show more of the stuff we want. Including 3DS games. There could most likely be another 3DS Pokemon remake game to give fans something to play until the Switch Pokemon game. If Switch Pokemon isn't until 2019, then expect something Pokemon on the 3DS in 2018. * Also there will be at least a few more games releasing on 3DS. The install base is 70 million....Those people don't just stop playing the 3DS.
* Super Mario 3D Land * Mario Kart 7 * Fire Emblem: Awakening * Fire Emblem: Fates * Fantasy Life * Mario Golf: World Tour * LoZ: A Link Between Worlds * I still have and need to play Pokemon X. I'm missing a few for sure.
Yea whining is going to get everyone on your side.
Yea I guess I never thought about it that way. Interesting point. For me that wasn't my experience. I always liked him the most...they are all great characters but he was always one of my favorites in any game. Easily likeable character that I could root for and it just worked in that setting for that game. I want to see a 6&amp;7 combo pack too because getting the full story would be awesome. I only played a few chapters of an english translated rom of FE 6 but it was pretty good too.
When is this game supposed to release ?
Well it is...but there are games like Dragon Quest, Splatoon, Mario, Pokemon that are even more popular than Legend of Zelda is in Japan.
Advance Wars Switch would sell a lot. Wargroove will help convince them of that, when it releases, I think it will do well. Many people have wanted a new Advance Wars game for a while now. It's about time.
Yea but I'd be there is more than 3 types of racing this game. Maybe 5.
I'm hoping this leads to Trails 1&amp; 2 &amp; Cold Steel 1,2,3 coming over to Switch.
Age of Empires 1. It's great for starting you out in the genre.
Age of Empires 1 is the first one I really got into that I love, but I'd played C&amp;C red alert before that, as well as Warcraft 1&amp;2, or watched a friend play it. I'd also played a Sega Genesis game called Herzog Zwei, back in the early 90's...it released in 1989 and is one of the earliest and best RTS games ever created.
makes me want to play it even more. I think I have it for free on my XB1 or something...I need to still beat Borderlands 2 though...I've played it like 4 times now and always stop playing before I finish.
Yea I could see it being an early 2019 release or something like that.
I was not aware of that. Thanks for the correction.
* In most rpgs you have hitpoints for you and enemies, and you gain experience for killing enemies along with getting loot. You don't really do that in Loz games except kind of a bit in Botw....and that is only with items. * LoZ, would be a rpg if after every enemy encounter, you gained XP, which eventually leveled you up so your attack and defence and every other stat got stronger. There would also be abilities you unlock as you go along in the game, and stuff like that, along with it being much more story focused with a more in depth story with more characters. It has elements....small elements of rpgs within the game but it's at it's core an Action-Adventure game.
has much better guns yes
Wargroove is a new game that is going to be releasing on Switch in 2018. It's basically the spiritual successor to Advance Wars and plays similar in style to it, and also has a sprite art style similar to the old Advance War games. It includes a mode to create your own maps and campaigns as well. Also it has 4 different factions to pick from.
ah I thought it was Falcom.
Yea I only ever play it against AI so it being "dead" doesn't effect me that much but yea I wish they would make another game similar and stop making all the wargame like games. They got it right with R.U.S.E. for the most part, and have been going backwards since.
Same here. although after playing Horizon for a bit, it does make me want to just race on tracks as well, so there is that element. But I love the festival atmosphere + Horizon has Hospital records and liquid drum n bass in the OST and regular forza games....well the music isn't as good.
Finally....been wanting to try this out for a while but I'm not about to pay individual for courses. I'll download it later and try it out. That being said....I'm more interested in playing Everybody's Golf on PS4.
I wouldn't use ram of two different speeds. I'd just order some new ram if I were you.
I was also wondering this as well. I'd be using mine specifically for making Music in Logic Pro X though. I don't really want to have to wait until October to get the new 2018 imac.
Time to buy ALBW &amp; 3D land again. Played them years ago. Both awesome games. $20 is a great price for each.
I'm glad they aren't charging until they feel it's worthy of charging for. They deserve to make some money back on that end like Sony &amp; Microsoft do, and it being cheaper helps as well. A lot of companies would just charge now anyways regardless of quality.
I suggest getting Awakening when you are done...it's better in a lot of ways, but Fates does have some improvements.
wait for Wargroove. Going to be much better. This game....something about it seems off in quality.
Hmmm, good to know. I don't need the best of the best, but if I can get a better product for the same money, I'd like to wait. I'm itching to get back into music though and was hoping to grap a new imac in March.
Yea it's almost hard to type it out, but refreshing at the same time that I can be honest with myself and not try to sell myself or convince myself I love something I know I don't love. Rarely have I experience moments like this with anything in life or any kind of entertainment....but it's just gone. Gone to the point of.....If I'm never allowed to watch or consume anything star wars ever again...shows.movies..comics...theory videos.....I'm 100% completely ok with it because I have other things in my life that I like and love a lot more. It's just time to move on.
Don't expect game release info or surprises. It's literally just about a new way to play. The only new thing I could see announced is a new Nintendo IP to go along with this new way to play. Keep expectations lowered, so that anything more is a happy bonus, rather than you being mad.
Halloweens been over for a while now. Who are these people? Should I know of them ?
The one great thing about all these people's thoughts is......they are sometimes right....and sometimes wrong. I think a lot of philosophies can be correct....but they shouldn't be set in stone....more like water...they could be able to adapt and change with new info.
I bought this and played it on PS4 and it was fun for a bit for what it was but it made me want to play minecraft more than anything. So I played minecraft again and it left me wanting the art style of DQ builders. If they make a DQ builders 2, it could be amazing. This game is pretty fun and I didn't play it enough to fully judge it but for some reason I kind of want to play it again on Switch.
I see an isometric screen shot.... Final Fantasy Tactics Advance 3 please!
first game is an ios game so this one seems more geared for consoles.
I prefer the NES versions of Double Dragon. The music and sfx are better and more memorable.
* Fire Emblem * Dragon Quest XI * Fantasy Life 2 * Final Fantasy Tactics Advance 3 * Trails in the Sky &amp; SC * Trails in the Sky:Cold Steel 1,2,3 * Shenmue 1&amp;2 HD remaster combo pack * Advance Wars * Pilot Wings * 2 new Nintendo IPs * Nintendo RPG...new IP...new characters * New Total War game. Not new viking one, but whatever their next official full mainline release is. * New Age of Empires game * Empire Apart * Pokemon * New IP MMORPG * Diablo 4 * Warcraft 4 * Captain Toad's Treasure Tracker 2 * Smash Brothers 5 * Sega Genesis Classics = Herzog zwei * New 2D Mario game * Mario baseball game * New city building game
girl?
I still would prefer the NES. I've never played the version you posted but it looks awful...I could never deal with those sprites and the sfx to me, don't sound as pleasing to listen to. I just like the source sound and melodies of the Double Dragon NES games....and a lot of other NES games as well.
Loving the beats, and he's better than I thought he'd be. Definitely something I would have listened to in 1999 for sure. Beats better than a lot of stuff out today. You can rap so many flows and styles over these beats rather than that robot stuff out today.
He put effort into trying to sell himself to companies in a way most people wouldn't.
16 synths in one ?
That is awesome. Nice step up from the other KORG synths on the DS/3DS. I'll definitely get this a some point just to mess around with,although I'd never use it as my main synth. Could lead to a lot of other people getting into synths though. A lot cheaper this way.
RDR2 would be a perfect summer game.
Yea I have Switch, PS4 &amp; 3DS....I kind of want Dragon Quest XI for all of them. Been waiting for this game for a while. I'd prefer to play it on switch with the pro controller.
I love the 3DS. I'll be playing it for 5+ years. So many games I still need to play and beat for it.
Literally this. Probably exactly what he is looking for. Also you can play other games people upload so there are probably already somewhat full games to play on there.
Yes it's worth it already and will be even more so every 2-3 months going forward.
Learning is cool. If you don't know who somebody is, you can read about them and learn....and then you won't have to say "who" anymore....you will just know.
heck no. I want another 2-3 seasons for sure.
that is a bummer. I'm most excited about whats next from DSI.
Also has wavetables.
I like this style. It guides you along for a bit, then opens up and gives you more game options, then guides you towards a certain point, then opens up with more gameplay options and stuff to do and so on.... I can't wait to play this game. My most wanted game of 2018.
oh screw that. This isn't the real RCT. Id pay $50 for RCT1 the original PC game on Switch.
This looks boring.
kind of the same. For $1,300-$1,500 it would be real nice but at $2,000 it just isn't doing it for me. It sounds really metallic and tinny and extra bright, like it might be overbearing in a mix. Sounds better than the Minilogue, but not by much. For that Price I'd rather get a Rev 2 or a P12 desktop module. Think about that.....All the sonic capabilities of the P12 or this Super Minilogue. It's awesome that it exists but it's not for me.
yea true...It just doesn't inspire me to want to make music..but I can see how this could appeal to somebody...and once again as long as it sounds good.
Was just thinking about this last night for some reason. It's actually kind of better than a lot of other freestyles....but most aren't that good honestly.
Yes....so glad they are doing another one. Mission impossible 5 was really an underrated movie and the smartest in the series since the first one. They actually brought back some of the spy element of the first movie, or at least the feel of it. MI4 got me back into the series and was really good...MI5 was great. Really looking forward to MI:6 Any word on a release date ?
exactly. I like to chop up a minute long audio clip into like 40 samples in audacity and load them up contigiously in Logic Pro and mess around with them on my midi keyboard. I then fiddle around with different arrangements until I find one I like and since they are all from the same song they are meant to go together and already fit there. You can change the chord structure or notes of a song this way playing a C before the A or whatever depending on how it's arranged.
It does have an awesome selection of stages though, but yes I agree, while it's an awesome game, Smash 4 adds a good amount of stuff I wished was in Melee. Smash 4's stages are too gimmicky and too many moving backgrounds.
Anything Fester says in 3 Ninjas Anything Morty says in Undercover Blues.
lol XB1 won't be catching PS4 ever, but I honestly do play my XB1 much more than my PS4. PS4 just doesn't do it for me...my least fave controller of the 3, and there are a ton of games, but not as many appeal to me as I thought would. Either way, any gaming device is worth owning as long as you have fun using it.
You mean you personally know more dumb people like this ? Don't they know you aren't supposed to do that? Or do they not care? Why do liberals love purple hair? Not even trying to hate...I legit want to know. Like...why?
"Mr. Muffin Man....catch you later!"
Yes true....can't argue that. But something as iconic as Mickey shouldn't be relegated to public domain where 99% of people will just make a watered down mockery of what Mickey is supposed to be. The content wouldn't be any good.
And he funds a lot it.
$1.8 Million for 600 square foot living space in Hong Kong is stupid.
Episodes are 2 hours each....basically movies now. 6 of them, and they have 4 film teams now instead of 2. The Post production also has a large budget...much more so than in earlier seasons for the CGI so all that stuff takes longer as well. Good quality stuff takes time, and can't be rushed always.
nice. can't wait to play.
like drum sticks, guitar picks, guitar straps...... Been like that for years now.
solid tune. never heard it before. Haven't listened to some french house in a few months....thanks for posting. Got me in the mood again. If only this newer gen of younger people knew of this music.
exactly. I didn't enjoy anything on the album except 1 song, but the first album will always be there so we have that.
I just don't like the sound of this...even more so than the minilogue. For this price it should sound so much better than it does. It has that seem tinny "cheap" sound and feeling to it. Every demo I've heard so far. Something is just "off" about this synth and maybe I can't find the right word for it, but I do not like this synth at all really.
I don't really know honestly. It just seemed a bit different this year than the last 2-3.
I think maybe it's because of the lack of DSI stuff and I wanted that the most. So even going in I was already kind of down. I'm sure that is playing some part in it, but it's also just for me. This could have been the best NAMM of all time for somebody else.
Exactly, and maybe that is why it seems a bit lackluster this year.
Exactly....It just adds more options...and some of these I may not be into now, but I could be 3-4 years from now so more options is better.
It will come around again...most likely when DP releases their next album.
Yea I just don't see a lot that appeals to me personally compared to past years so maybe we will get better news throughout 2018. Still holding out hope for a new DSI synth in 2018.
I'm newer into hardware gear, but before I made the mistake of just buying new stuff I wanted to make sure it was the right purchase. Bought volca keys &amp; Sample a few years back. I like the sample for what it is but I don't really like the keys. It did get me interested in more hardware though. I then got a Roland JU-06...it appealed to me more than the other two. It's create in that any sound on it sounds pretty good but it's more limited than I would like. I can't use it on everything. This made me want something more. But before I started just going next level I wanted to make the right choice. These are what interest me: * DSI- Rev 2 * DSI - OB6 ( won't be getting one of these for a long time probably) * DSI - P12 Desktop * Waldorf Blofeld * DSI Tetra * Audiothingies Micromonsta A few others I can't think of off the top of my head. I was waiting for korg...and then we got the Prologue, and I really don't like it at all.....like at all. Minilogue for $500 was pretty cool...Prologue for $2,000 is a joke.
Exactly why I love music and gear and software and all of it. There is so much out there that we all don't have to like the same thing. So this NAMM could have been amazing for somebody else.
I do not. I was going to get a mopho but then I found out about the SE....then I found out about the Tetra....then then Mopho X4.....then the Prophet 08 and so on. So while I was going to purchase I've decided to wait until I have the money to get one of the better DSI synths rather than just the mopho desktop.
that is pretty cool
not sure...the times were posted somewhere..not sure where though. it might start at 4pm.
You could play it maybe in 1-2 years though.
uhh...they offer this, and then lets go pikachu and then the main core Pokemon next year. 3 levels of Pokemon
I agree. Plus, releasing a Pokemon game this year allows the Switch's user install base to grow as well, so that when the 2019 better Pokemon game releases, there will be more people with a Switch to buy the game. I could see the 2019 Pokemon game selling 15+ million copies each at some point.
more like an extended EP
Thanks for this. I always end up having to try and google one of the streams or something or Nintendo Directs without seeing spoilers and some times it's nearly impossible to look up the stream without spoiling.
wait, so you can play against bots? I thought I'd read you couldn't do that? I want to play this again so bad.
Master Chief &amp; Banjo-Kazooie in Smash would be epic. That would be right there with Cloud &amp; Ryu in terms of history and impact.
I also can't wait to play the new Fire Emblem game. I loved Awakening and also FE 7&amp;8 on GBA. I have FE:Fates all 3 on the cartridge the special edition, but I'm only maybe 16-17 hours into Birthright and haven't played it in like 6+ months. I just don't like the characters as much as in Awakening and so I'm not as attached to them or the story as much but I know there is a lot more to play. I'm hoping we get a more in depth and possibly darker story in FE Switch with characters that are more likeable than FE:Fates.
Yea I'll get around to playing it at some point. I've heard good things about it. I can't justify playing it until I play through FE:Fates though because I like FE:Fates and want to beat the game at some point. I have so many games in back catalog to play and beat that I have to be more selective with games I get at the moment. Also saving money for more music related stuff as well. But yea that is one my list of about 20+ other 3DS games I plan on buying and playing at some point in the next 2-3 years. thanks for the suggestion.
F yea. Buying this game tomorrow and playing it. Is it available for download or will I have to scout out a physical copy?
good to know. can't wait to play it again.
They aren't going to put them in with only one game in the franchise.
I hope so. I need one for logic Pro X...an update could only help.
27" 5k imac gets cpu upgrade and runs less hot with the i7's or we get 6 core i5s
Yea but it's on XB1 not Switch....like are you for real? There are thousands of game characters that have one game.
awesome thanks.
* Fire Emblem * Yoshi Smash doesn't count because that is already available to pre-order, as is Pokemon.
I'm also really looking forward to this game. I could buy it on PS4..I still might, just to support it, but I'd rather play it on Switch. I'll have a ton of other games to play this fall so I'll probably be able to hold out until fall 2019 for the Switch version.
lol...that would suck. I'd be ok with two of them being Fire Emblem games but my guess is Yoshi is another one as well. I'm hoping for a brand new IP.
I just play offline franchise mode with 6 new created expansion teams in 2k18 and it's awesome. Sometimes I go seasons without playing and just sim and follow the league and what not. Screw that online BS.
Its the Loz game that finally made me appreciate and like dungeons. Dungeons in loz used to be my least favorite part of the games sometimes...well some dungeons, but I loved the ones in ALBW...really well designed, especially the first 3 beginner ones. The wind one for sure.
I never got to play SS but I'd love to play a HD remake with normal non-motion controls.
The impact is greater when you didn't expect it. That can't be replicated.
* Lark or Goose - Pilot Wings 64 * Andy - Advance Wars * Dragon Quest - Any Main Hero/character from any Dragon Quest game. * Captain Toad
I'm actually really interested in this game. Looks like a lot of fun.
FFTA3
I have to return my cable box stuff to AT&amp;T. I canceled and they make you ship it back but they said they would e-mail me what to do next. Never sent me an E-mail until they billed me $340 for the equipment for failure to return in 21 days....but they didn't notify me until after....most likely on purpose. It's been a nightmare dealing with them this entire time. I Switched to Xfinity and it's been amazing. Supposedly I get the $340 refunded when they receive the cable equipment but I fully expect them to pull some BS.
Who mad this beat? This song is pretty damn good. I've never even listened to either of these guys before but I knew who Rocky was. But yea who made this beat?
nice...yea I'll check out some more of his stuff for sure...both of them actually.
Same here. I'd love to get Diablo 3 or maybe Diablo 3....a Remastered version of Heroes of Ruin for 3DS would be fun too. I really want Fantasy Life 2 on Switch if Level-5 ever gets around to making it.
I hope they do. I actually prefer all the simple easier levels. They are more fun to replay later on in other playthroughs.
* Open world Pokemon game similar to how Botw is open world, but with Pokemon instead. So a huge game the size of 3-4 normal Pokemon games.
It's like he put more of his focus and effort into everyone else's albums first and then put his second...which is very respectable. Can't wait to hear the Nas album next...this album with cudi is better than YE for me at least.
That is a good way to look at it and not have it feel out of reach.
thanks for the tips/advice. I'm a bit away from doing that as I haven't made music in 2-3 years and I'm waiting to get a new imac...So it would probably be 6-12 months before I started something like that.
* The EA games on Switch might be announced during the Nintendo Direct.
I just downloaded it for XB1 to try it out. Played 1 match with Viktor and got 25 kills, 0 deaths. Game was too easy. I like the characters and gameplay better than Overwatch though.
ah that makes a lot of sense....I'm going to give it another try as I saw some characters I'd probably like to play as. thanks for letting me know that.
Is this all done in pen? It's beautiful.
same. I wonder why they didn't show more unless they plan to at a booth during the rest of E3 or something.
Yea 343 isn't good with the Halo series. They launched Halo 5 with 9 maps....4-5 of which were remakes from past Halo games. So in 3-4 years development cycle, they only managed to create 4 new maps. They literally suck at making maps, and just aren't a very creative team.
I've been going to GS since the 90's and love the store except this one guy. He always adds on the coverage protection and tries to say it really fast/mumble it so you don't catch it and I called him out on it and he stopped doing it to me but still does with other customers. It's the pressure corporate has on them to sell sell sell sell.
Yea I played for a few days and traded it in. It's like a simple tech demo at best.
good to hear. I'm saving up for a new imac + Logic Pro X and Hive is most likely the first plug-in I'm buying. I'm coming from using a 2007 MBP so there are so many synths for me to choose from now that I couldn't use before. Hive seems good enough.
Gives me hope for the new NAS Album.
Yea I got Halo 1&amp;2 vibes with that Infinite trailer....
Yea I've only ever played tales of the abyss on 3DS and it was decent but I didn't get that far...some characters including main were really annoying and I lost interest. This one and symphonia always interested me though.
What makes ubisoft awful? They make some fun games.
Nintendo Direct + Treehouse is the way to go and has been for a few years now. You get rapid fire info and game trailer/gameplay, brief talking from company heads and lead devs and then you get the entire in depth breakdown of all the games over the next 3 days via the Treehouse.
Sony's was terrible. Some of the games shown were good but the actual conference was awkward at best and mega cringe.
Adidas freeze at -26 C
oh yea they have their fair share of cringe no doubt. I'm more about the games as well. Can't wait for tomorrow. Smash....!!!
not if you own a Switch.
we do? awesome.
same here. I liked what they showed last E3 &amp; today....can't wait to play this game
"Are you not entertained?!.......by my Olive Oil!!?
really? Did you see the space game and elder scrolls 6?
He's hit and miss. He has some genuinely really funny stuff and other stuff is just ok. His delivery works better for certain jokes.
They were terrible live. Like some hack at a bar on the weekend.
Exactly. 10 minutes in Skate 2 is better than all Tony Hawk games combined.
Smash Bros.
Yea I don't skate either but Skate 2&amp;3 are always replayable.
lol...too accurate.
It will get re-upgraded via Mega Hd deluxe version next gen so it's all good.
2 or 4
this. What were they thinking?
I love that we only start with original roster and have to earn them. I missed that from older games. Earning the characters helps me appreciate them more and gives a sense of accomplishment and progression.
Same. I'm pretty sure we will get a few new characters via DLC.
yea it just didn't seem like the right environment for his music.
Dec 6
Not yet,but I'd be willing to be we get most of them back and potentially some new ones. good thing is all the ones I don't like can be turned into battlefield stages.
I want the N64 Pokemon stage from smash.
Agreed. I like the competitive scene of games but you can't make 5+ million people play a game based on what 1,000 people want.
I never got into single player modes too much but I hope they add something for the people who do. I want the Target Break &amp; platform jumping from Smash 64 to return though. Another thing is unlocking characters = less characters in the beginning = You end up playing characters you maybe normally wouldn't have and get decent with them, and develop other mains or secondary characters.
Yea true. I hope it just starts with original roster and we have to unlock everyone else. They hinted at it and I hope it stays that way. My Main has been Captain Falcon since Smash 64 but my 2nd main has always been Kirby. I wouldn't mind having to unlock Captain Falcon as it would make finally getting him feel that much more special and meaningful.
awesome, thanks for the link. Are some of those newer?
Yea in terms of games I think Sony &amp; Nintendo did good, although I'm maybe not as into some of the Sony 1st party games as other people are, I can still recognize a quality game when I see one.
Same. One of my favorite things about the series. For me, unlocking characters IS my single player mode. I always treated it as such.
The last 3 have been pretty bad I think...well the console ones...I think one of the 3DS/DS games were decent..not sure as I didn't play them. To me Mario Party 1,2,3 are the only ones I've ever played and they are still fun to play. This one looks like a lot of fun though so I am interested.
I hope so...that would make it a day one purchase for sure.
So the gamecube adapter I have for Smash Wii U will work because it's USB right?
We will get another one October-December...somewhere between those months. Then another one before March 2019.
I also liked the Direct. It didn't have as many things as I'd hoped for but I was happy with what was shown. Wargroove was missing though. Where is Wargroove!?? lol
No...Sony won't allow cross play for any game. Microsoft &amp; Nintendo already cross play on Rocket League too.
I agree. It allows you to get good with a few core players and then apply those tactics and strats to other characters and alter your style based on that, but allows you to at least develop a bit of a play style with certain characters rather than just using them all a few times.
I want to play Skyrim but it looks so dated and ugly to me. I'll wait for Elder Scrolls 6 in a few years.
Yea both are at fault.
Renner is in Avengers movies &amp; Mission Impossible 4,5,6...He is A list.
December 7th
what? You unlock them buy playing....they are all in. How dumb are you?
Yea I liked the challenges and stuff like beat target practice with all characters to unlock this character or win 5 free for all matches or something like that. You are basically then doing challenges to unlock the characters and it's like it's own single player challenge game.
My first one was Yoshi's Island 64. The one I made plays pretty close to the original.
Nice try Ross.
I was really excited to see young link back as well. Ocarina of time is one of my favorite games of all time, and to see Young Link return is just as good as a new character for me. Thanks for posting this Solomon...Your brother is going to love Smash Ultimate
Like seriously how long would it take for them to create a new skin? A few days ?
You are literally wrong. There are already videos comparing art. All the stages and backgrounds of stages are way more detailed, as are the characters + the game speed and mechanics..
Game of Thrones?
they did? I used that a lot in Logic Pro 7...obviously haven't had a chance to use Logic Pro X yet, but what did they change?
You can buy physical models like skylanders or you can just get the digital versions in game so you don't actually need the toys.
I have an original GC controller but I also have a new one from when smash Wii U launched + adapter so I'm good but I'll probably get this because it has smash switch logo on it &amp; it's only $30.
Yea I downloaded and played it on XB1 the other day to try it out and it was fun. I kind of liked it better than overwatch in many ways actually. Can you get the F2P versions of switch or did you have to still pay and it gives you access ?
It's a fun game. Watching the invitational at E3 the other day made me want to start playing it again. I haven't in months.
He's stated that every version of the game he treats like the last version he will make.
I don't think many people know you can buy that stuff digitally so you don't actually have to collect the toys but yea I get what you mean.
They didn't put it on the back burner....they HAD done that, but the version they needed they finally got and so they started working on it again.....at least that was the last I'd heard. We will get it Fall 2019 probably or latest early 2020.
Yoshi's Island 64 is back!
I didn't think about that nor have I heard of that. I haven't read up a ton on this game I've just read a few things and watched 1-2 interviews.
Yoshi's Island 64 is confirmed by game explain and was in the Direct when they announce everyone is back.
What do you mean cross play / progression ? I might just play on my XB1 for now as I'd rather earn characters and I'd have to that way. I don't them all unlocked as I'd get bored of the game faster that way.
Yea upping the special editions out there by 25% wouldn't hurt.
* Wind Waker * Ocarina of Time * Mario 64 * Wave Race 64 * Smash Bros. * DK Country 1&amp;2 * Twilight Princess
noticed it today. I like the song.
good to know I still have half the game that will be brand new to me. Thanks for the info.
k so not too far then. How many dungeons are there? 6-8?
k thanks. I figured I still had a decent amount of the game left.
I only played 1 match on XB1 to try it out the other day and I dominated....I was like "wth am I that good?" lol turns out I was just playing bots....I think you play only bots until you get to lvl 5.....So I would assume there is maybe a bot only mode.
Really we can? I just played it for first time on XB1 and like it but wanted to play on Switch too. If I could link accounts that would be awesome. I don't want to buy in and get all characters at once as I like unlocking them.
Something about them waiting for an update to unreal engine which eventually happened and then they were able to get started on it.
* Fire Emblem 7&amp;8 * Advance Wars 1&amp;2 * Minish Cap * Mario Kart
I've had a PS4 for 2 years now and barely play it. I know it had a ton of games but I can't seem to be or get into the mood to play the games. With Nintendo games they just appeal to me more and for 3rd party I always play on XB1 as I don't really like playstation controllers that much. DS4 is decent though. PS4 does have a ton of games though.
My Theory: Everyone had a NES....not everyone had an SNES because the Sega Genesis pulled sales away from that so that gen was split between the two where as the gen before it, everyone had a NES. So more people probably want that nostalgia back and maybe that = more NES. Nto sure really though. Possibly more games too.
I started with FL back when it was Fruity Loops and in 2007 switched to Logic Pro 7 and I've been using that ever since. Currently saving for a new imac so I can use Logic Pro X.
But we get to play Smash 4 Wii U on Wii U....
Yea Sakurai already noticed the Bayonetta combos and will mostly be the first bug they fix.
Thanks, yea I don't really like the art style that much...the lack of color variety that is, but the rest of the game I remember being mostly decent....some stuff I liked a lot and other stuff not as much. I'll know better once I complete the game.
* Captain Toad - His character would be perfect for this but Peach still has Toad as a shield, but technically Captain Toad is a different toad then. * Springman or another ARMS rep. * Shovel Knight might have a pretty good chance * Banjo-Kazooie - Microsoft &amp; Nintendo are playing nice right now. Decent chance * Master Chief - Iconic character that I think has maybe a 5-10% chance of being in. * Possibly another Legend of Zelda rep, just not sure who. * I want these too: * Pilot Wings 64 character - Lark or Goose * Andy - Advance Wars- Would be an interesting character to use. * Goemon from Mystical Ninja 64 - Could switch between the 4 main characters like in the game....would work like Pokemon Trainer but with 4 characters and all different abilities. * Joanna Dark- Perfect Dark- Was one of th best games on N64, Microsoft has a good relationship with Nintendo right now. I just have a decent feeling Microsoft will finally get a rep. Sony got Cloud in, and Microsoft has some iconic characters as well.....some well more deserving of being in than characters like Bayonetta.
And Bill Trinen
I want FFTA3 so bad.
Bravely 3 with a 1&amp;2 HD pack releasing before or after it?
I count 23 characters I'm not interested in using or would never really use. The rest of the roster I'll def use at some point.
oh sorry. I know, I meant that he's a Sony character as in he's only been on Sony FF games. I should have cleared that up. my fault.
wait really? I haven't had a burger from mcdonalds in years. might have to try it out.
holy crap....this is great news. Might have to make a trip there this week and try it out.
Wu-tang would like to have a word with you.
my 2007 gets really hot running Logic Pro 7. I'd hope the 2017 imacs are a bit cooler than that.
Exactly. I didn't care if they couldn't talk. They were MINE! I created those characters, what they looked like...named them, and they also changed looks depending on class and weapons...It was amazing. I loved that game, and I've tried playing Dragon Quest 4&amp;5 &amp; now Dq 7 on 3DS and it's not the same. I miss the customization and options.
Same here. I was addicted to DQ9 and it's the reason I like single player rpgs and Dragon Quest as a game. I'd played WoW before that and DQ 9 felt like it had an element of that within with the creative options. I love being able to create things and customize in game so any game that offers that can potentially offer so many more hours via just having enjoying the stuff I created.
I think it's more so like in a relationship...if you start to resent somebody and not respect them, you start nitpicking every little thing they do and acting in a negative way towards them, or them towards you, when before that wouldn't have happened. Obviously not the only factor. Some of it is both sides being told what they want to hear as well. Social media plays a part and so do about 100 other things. Some of those things being that Trump is an arrogant ass who is out of touch with the normal every day American, and that is difficult to relate to, which gives people another reason to hate on him. He doesn't make himself very likeable. If he has Obama's charm he wouldn't get the hate that he does.....Obama is involved in some shady stuff too, so was Bush, and so was Clinton and the Sr. Bush before him. They at least all tried to be likeable or play the role/part of it. Trump doesn't want to play the roll of President, he just wants to boss people around and tell people what to do, all the while staying relevant and getting attention. He's far from the worst person on this planet today and people need to be more reasonable and realistic about that. Trump is a huge douchebag, and not apologetic about it at all, but also some people just hate what they hate, both sides have unreasonable people. It's a tough question for you to ask, and also for me to answer because we will both get hate for it, but if we can't communicate and talk about things we will never learn and grow as a nation. He is a bad president, but he's no Himmler.
I would love Waluigi in the game. He's hilarious and would have a fighting style based on Mario Party / Mario Sports games. People annoying the creator of a game we all want to play? Why?!! go play a game or find something else to do people. I wonder if some are just sony trolls or just normal trolls. The man literally risks his own personal health...or had in the past to give us fun and entertainment....dedicated decades of his life to making these games and people harass him. He's like the nicest guy ever...... Some people are scum
Two great shows.
Haven't made music in a few years but when I was at my peak of efficiency in Logic Pro 7, I'd pump out 8-12 demos in a 7-8 hours period no problem. They obviously wouldn't be fully finished songs because I'd still have to final mix them properly but that was all I did. I'd never go back and finish or polish them up and would just make them to burn to a cd and drive around and listen to them myself. When I start making music again once I get my new imac in a 1-2 months, I'm going to be taking more time per song obviously and work towards releasing stuff finally. I couldn't possibly see myself working on a song for only an hour anymore once I start again. If you have a good idea....spend some time on it to get all you can out of it, but that may mean breaking that time into multiple sessions.
I didn't like the power ups in Banjo...they felt gimmicky. I just wanted to collect things and platform and both did it very well.
yea and that is what I'll be spending a lot more time on when I start making music again. I wasted so many ideas but just leaving them be and never polishing them up.
oh I know...I look back on it now and it's funny because I can literally bang out some decent melodies over other melodies real quick but they never sound like really fully polished radio worthy songs....the quality isn't there because I never spent the time you need to, to really fine tune everything and complete a good song. I plan on getting 40-50 ideas out pretty quickly as I've had a lot of ideas over the past year and ideas come quickly, and then I'll spend a lot more time on the ones I think actually have potential.
How does me stating a fact make me a jerk? You are the one who sounds like one with your comment. There are millions who follow even closer than I do, but it's been stated numerous times on various websites and in multiple interviews. Everyone making that " We just need VC" comment or anything liek it is the one who is being a jerk. Me basically stating 2+2 = 4 makes me a jerk? Why don't you take 30 seconds and search before you make rude remarks to people. Go take a nap.
1.) They aren't obligated to give us old games, especially when there focus needed to be on releasing a console that actually sells and gets 3rd party interest. VC becomes a secondary concern when you are trying to launch new IPs, save your company from past mistakes and bad decisions and get people back to your company by installing confidence in them via your new games releasing on the Switch. If there focus was on VC at launch everyone would have complained about lack of games. They wanted to do something new with the VC obviously rather than just do the same as the Wii &amp; Wii U. They are trying to distance themselves from that in any way possible. Also by building online features into the games, they can't do it for all games as that would take too long so they focused on new options for certain games rather than just pump all games out. * Basically when Reggie says "Online is the new VC"....that is that....FACT. You whining and complaining about isn't going to change Nintendo's mind about it. 2+2 = 4. It's not 7 just because you want it to be.
me? ha. I couldn't be any less neckbeard. Can't stand neckbeards.
Are you paying $20 for online currently? Beta is a beta not full release.
Hmm true. Good point. I guess it's a matter of what somebody likes more. I wasn't as much into the caps or transformations as maybe some others were so I didn't place as much value on them, but I can see how, if you liked them more, you could want more for that experience. How were they in Banjo-Tooie? I've never actually played that game, just the first one.
I'm skipping the demo as I've already played and beat the game for Wii U, but I'll definitely be buying this again. Because of the way it's designed, it actually holds a ton of replay value, as long as you take breaks in between plays. EX: Buy game day 1, play it for 2-7 days.....beat the game. Maybe spend a few more on extra levels and completing the game 100%, and then it's over. I'd then wait maybe 3-6 months for a replay of it and that helps it stay a fresh feeling. By the time you do that, the first levels you played will feel fresh again because it's been a while since playing. Hopefully others enjoy the game and a ton of people buy it. I'd love to see a Captain Toad 2.
I actually enjoyed that the levels were challenging enough to make you think a bit, but not so much that it becomes unenjoyable or frustrating. It stays fun the entire time.
Yea it was a good change. Back in the day I remember sitting there for a bit trying to make my name before Halo 2 released.
Yea if I ever bought this game, which would only be with a discount, I'd only really be interested in the normal tennis mode as that actually looks well done. Everything else with the trick shots seems gimmicky and like it would get old real fast.
Yea I mean if I get the game I'd initially try all the new stuff out before turning it off, because like you said, it adds depth and a I might end up liking it anyways.
I'd play those.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udNHsk57f24
At least the interest is growing here though. I'd rather them not know and still watch and care, then not watch at all. I'd love it if Soccer was more popular in the U.S. It sucks we aren't in the World Cup this time.
Don't play catch up just enjoy. I'm discovering games years later and it's still awesome.
these remind me of 1993
this video is awesome and hilarious. I love the World Cup.
Kind of..you get an extra man to shoot on net that the defense has to cover, which can create an odd match up and potential opening for a run from the midfielders or strikers. It's risky and doesn't happen much.
thanks for all the information....I'd rather play on handheld, as I liked A Tear of Vermillion on psp and would like to continue on handhelds, but if continuing save files is really important I'd play it on PC. I don't care much about the turbo mode although I may once I start playing.
Yea I bought Humanz with a lot of anticipation and was let down and only liked maybe 3-4 songs on the album...I only listened to it like 3 times and never went back. Just previewing these tracks I like most of them.....I'll probably buy this.
I agree, but I've only heard the 30 second clips...they all sound good. I didn't like Humanz so this is nice.
Yea it seemed like it from previewing but also noticed some sound a bit too similar, like he used the same patches on synths for all the songs.
I've been using Logic Pro 7 since 2007 and I always just loaded up my own samples in EXS24 and then just played them myself via a midi keyboard. Never struggled with anything doing it that way. I've never liked Ultrabeat so I never use it.
that kicks sounds weak and thin to me through my headphones.
I like these a lot. Does it only come in the red/black stripe?
Great imagination....great art skills. solid post.
That is 90% of their material. I grew up with most of the stuff they make fun of so I have vivid memories of what they are ripping on, so it becomes funnier to me and others.
Smash is completely different. I used to play fighting games a little bit back in the 90's/early 2000's but I can't get into them anymore. Smash is still one of my favorite gaming franchises of all time. It is accessible for any skill level and you can kind of go at your own pace. You can scale ai skill level from 1-9 depending on your personal skill level.
Play against ai in vs mode. You can scale ai skill level 1-9 depending on how good you are. I've been playing since Smash 64 and 95% of my gameplay time has been playing against the ai or friends. Don't worry about competitive.There are hundreds of options to just have fun with the game by yourself or with friends.
Start out by playing some vs matches against lvl 3 ai. Then work your way up from there trying out new characters and stages. Enjoy.
No clue yet. My main/s since Smash 64 have been 1.) Captain Falcon &amp; 2.) Kirby. I'll definitely play those two a ton like always but I'll be trying everyone out. Probably at least 20-30 I could say won't be my main though.
Is it the NES version? I love this game and the music and atmosphere is really well done. This game is instant nostalgia for me. ...damn looks like neo geo version. NES = best version and best music.
This is a decently big deal to have this as an exclusive. Marvel is huge right now and is way more popular now than when the first two games in this series launched. Good job Nintendo for locking this up.
I'll buy it eventually but too broke to buy that plus smash bros tomorrow. I'll get it for streets of rage and sonic for sure.
50% of movies ever.
27" imac for me is $3,500 for the specs I want need. Those same specs in new 2018 mac mini are $1,900. So as long as there are no heat issues I'd recommend either...the mini if you want to save some money and get your own monitor.
Yea I'm still not 100% sold on the mini...I'm worried about cooling issues but I'll read up more when I get enough money. Still many months away.
It was terrible.....This season isn't good
It's also the Tri-force as well.
5 of you would be on the ground in less than 5 seconds and the other 5 would run away if they could escape him. It's like thinking you could fight a lion with your bare hands.....Not happening. You are the smart one in your friends group.
1.) Have self intervention with just you and yourself. Proceed to call yourself out for all your bullshit. 2.) Don't feel sorry for yourself. 3.) Understand there is a different between Depression,sad,lazy....they are not the same. 4.) Cut out all bad habits and replace them with new ones. 5.) ^ Start working out...start eating more natural healthy foods. 6.) Find a few things that drive or motivate you. Step one is recognizing you have a problem or are dealing with something. Step 2-20 is getting up off your ass and going and doing it. I went through depression for probably 6-7 years. Got pissed at myself for wasting more of my 20's and on my 30th birthday had a self intervention with myself where I called myself out on all my bullshit. I then spent the next couple years bettering myself daily. Don't give in to the excuses. Fuck the excuses. Do things that make you uncomfortable....it's the only way to get out of it and overcome it. Try and be around people more.....positive people. Remove all negative people from your life.....just stop communicating and hanging out with them.....they are a cancer to your journey and progress forward. Good luck and you will be fine eventually.....If you want it bad enough....just center your entire life around that which you want. Bettering your life and beating the depression has to be your #1 top priority in life right now. Everything you do Must revolve around doing ALL of the little things that will help you beat the depression and keep it gone. I've felt really good for years now but started feeling absolutely great a few months ago........3 years after I started that process. It's not a light switch.....it's an adventure...a journey.. It takes time but every little thing you do, will help you along the way. Good luck.....you got this. Believe in yourself.
I've had Switch since launch and haven't used joy cons for anything. They are too small for me and Pro controller is perfect.
That Sega collection is BS. It's been around since the 360. Hasn't changed....haven't added one more game to it. It's basic at best.
That is the Coca-Cola train from the 90's commercials. Santa Packs are coming!
Awesome....I love Enoch as a character.
One of the best movies ever. Great dialogue and good pacing, and great casting.
Saw it yesterday. Was not that good. A few funny parts and the kind of movie you need to see multiple times to get all the dialogue. Does have some potential for inside joke quotables like their past movies but its not their best. Shorter movie and a lot of wasted potential. Not terrible. There were some funny parts but if you want to laugh get drunk or high before watching with some friends. I have desire to watch it again though
No desire*
This guy looks like Danny Glover. Cool picture though. I still find it fascinating just how long we’ve had picture taking technology
I used to listen to a ton of Tycho....great artist. I really like this except the drums are kind of weak to be honest. I'd work on those a bit. The synths,guitar, &amp; bass are all on point though. Good job. That main guitar strum/riff/arp is melodic and addicting.
I've been playing since Smash launched on N64......It's not easy to do stuff like that. I couldn't....at least not with Pac Man. High level Pacman videos are fun to watch though
Since Smash 64 my main has been Captain Falcon and my 2nd is Kirby. &amp;#x200B; My other/3rd favorite so far is Ike. He is really good, but I haven't unlocked all the characters yet.
Huge Fan. Yea they had them.
Exactly. They are leaving some a surprise.
The first three simple dungeons are perfect though. At least for beginning of game dungeons. Especially the wind one
This is a tough one because I like to get along with most people, but I could give $5,000,000 to somebody for free and they could still hate me. Sometimes people are just douche bags and there is no changing them.
I loved both. They were both my two most wanted characters in the game and to have them both featured in a direct was awesome.
If it's 2-3 years later you can build more towns and settlements
Some were taught how to read and write. Have you never read a history book?
I'm aware they do. I've had one for.....20 years. Torchlight 2 doesn't work that well with a controller on PC....whereas with this console version, it will play better because they took the time to make it play better on a controller.
Its too low to the ground.
Its called a tasting and its classy! Lol
Every country has rights violators. They would literally do business with nobody......including themselves. Britons have done some of the worst things to humans on this planet.....who are they to judge every other country? Not the average citizen there, but their nation/s as a whole or at least England.
They were on the mickey mouse club show or whatever it was called.
Those people outside the U.U. Make more per hour than our waiters.
Do I get one if I bought physical copy?
They had stuff right with the 3DS....and then went away from all of that...not sure why as it all mostly made sense.
I sww Dragon Quest 12 being released on Switch/next Nintendo console + PS5 + Xbox Series X. * I think Phil Spencer understands the loyalty some rpg fan bases have and he can capture those fans if Xbox gets more good quality rpgs and some jrpgs as well. * I can't wait for DQ12. ** My dilemma currently is that I played DQ11 on PS4, but I never finished it....got busy with my new job and now a year later still haven't. * I would love to own it on Switch, but can't justify spending $60 for a game I'm probably 80-85% of the way through on PS4. **** I can't find my PS4....lol
A lot of people bashing on Travel agents in here don't realize they still serve a purpose. Just because you can go online and do it yourself doesn't mean you are getting what you think you are. I'm not a Travel agent.
I meant more so the layout and function. The way it tracked your stats for games played, when you started, how long, ranking longest played and so on.....that was fun,and so was the music for it. It just functions nice.
Somebody built one with the rumored specs and what we know factually....It cost him $1,050. Obviously with buying in bulk and making some of their own stuff, I'm sure costs are limited. This is the big jump people were hoping the PS4 &amp; XB1 was going to be. I'm really excited for this next gen.
I don't know...I hope so. They all released albums in 2013, so it's been a while, although Phoenix has a release two years ago.
As someone in the middle who hates politics the last 4-6 years have been pretty annoying. This wont help.
Dragon Quest 9 (DS) on 3DS.
* Some of it is true. For me though it started with the launch of the Switch. There channel was special, but the day the Switch launched it all changed...or within a week or so of that. &amp;#x200B; That is when the content changed. They started covering games I have no interest in, and to be honest I can't watch about 90% of the videos because they aren't about anything that interests me. It's been like that since 2017.....Leading up to the Switch's launch was amazing....and then things changed. &amp;#x200B; It feels like they are coasting a bit now. &amp;#x200B; That being said, I still really like the channel, it's just not my go to channel. It used to be the first channel I clicked on every day, and sometimes I go 10-14 days without ever clicking on it....because I know most of the content won't interest me. &amp;#x200B; I hope in 2020 they can refocus on moving forward in a way that makes sense for how they used to be. It should be an exciting year so I'm expecting some quality discussion and videos from them, and truly wish them the best, I just think they can do a bit better.
I dont want next gen held back by the 20% of whiney people who can’t afford the next console. Your not entitled to game on the best hardware or to be able to afford the next gen. Adopt when your wallet allows it.
To avoid “light bleach” which will fry the plants and ruin thc. High powered lights can only be so close to plants
Looked at as a joke by who? Nick Cannon fans? But yes st one time sales were about as good as anyone. I think what would also be interesting is the next best. 5-10 in each of those years. To see who all of these artists beat out.
I agree with his later albums.....I'm not a huge fan of them either honestly. Lately he's got the skill back...We'll see if the album follows
Awesome. Going to be a good month. Thanks
Yea I hope they return somewhat to that for the next FE game. I just wasn't a fan of much of Three Houses and it's only once I stopped played, stepped away and had some time to think about it that I can finally admit that. FE 7,8, Awakening &amp; Fates are special to me.....Three Houses is just kind of there. It sucks as I was so hyped for it....that setting and gameplay style + story were doing nothing for me and I didn't care much for most of the characters.... The next Fire Emblem game will still be one of my most wanted though, and at some point I might actually give Three houses a try again, but I can't even make myself play it right now. No urge to....I'm glad everyone else loves it though. It's good for the series.
ok that is awesome
I don't really like Three Houses....it's not the type of FE game I want to play and I really hope they don't stick with this style. The characters,plot, gameplay and almost everything was just generic and boring....nothing pulled me in like the older games. I still have FE Fates to play through ( the special edition) so I'll have content to hold me over until the next FE game, but I have a bad feeling it will be more of the same teen waifu BS. I just want FE 7....with some of the improvements from Awakening &amp; Fates, but updated graphics, and a better story.
DQ9 is one of my favorite games of all time. It is literally the game that got me into single player RPGs. Before that I'd only played Pokemon &amp; WoW. It's literally one of the most fun games of all time, and it lets you customize your entire party, not just your main character. DQ 9 = Reason I love Dragon Quest series. I would highly recommend, but that is just my opinion.
Wasn't expecting this...but this is great news.
Rough at first but going good after 12+ months in. Started a career in real estate at 33. Fully commit your life around it and things can work out positively. You will have to sacrifice some stuff at first though.
That looks really good. Congrats
I agree...I'm most excited for games I don't even know exist yet, on both PS5 &amp; XSX.
I’m 35 and just about to get into making music again after 5-7 years off.....Just go for it.
In general our dispensary situation is a joke compared to Colorado and California.
Very few of those games appeal to me, to be honest... &amp;#x200B; Halo infinite &amp; Tunic are the only ones I see playing. &amp;#x200B; Hoping to see more as I'm planning on getting an XSX day one.....at least I'll have Halo. Better be good.
Shareholders / Publishers / Developers ideas / not listening to the gamers. &amp;#x200B; The Tech is great.....the games have to match it though and this last gen sucked overall for games....has some decent to good ones, but was probably one of the weaker gens.
I usually prefer a decently wide range of games too, although lately I've been more selective since I have to be in the mood for a certain game to play it. I'm not into horror games so those will never appeal to me, and that is never a developers fault...just not for me. I'm expecting a few good surprises before launch though.
Pc will have SSDs comparable to PS5 by December or early 2021 but yea the ps5 ssd is awesome. The xsx ssd is awesome, the pa5 even more so.
Always wanted to try...glad I waited, but I'll wait longer and play on the XSX.
Yea I meant I was going to get 16gb right away and eventually another 32gb of my own....I could get 8gb and 32gb of my own right away too maybe. Good suggestion. * No I meant $3,900. For me it's 27" +i9 + 1TB SSD + 16 gb ram + track pad + Logic Pro X + Apple care + cd burner (I still love CD's...lol)...although I may scrap that....but that all = $3,900..........It's a lot. More than I would like to pay but I'll be using it for years so should be worth it.
Hadn't thought about it all like that but yea one change could have huge implications on the future.
He is annoying.
oh hell yea...Didn't even know this was going to be a thing.
Yea, it's mostly that style that annoys me.
They think they are more trendy and cooler than everyone and adopt all the latest fashion trends that are mostly dumb. Most wear scarfs and almost all at the moment have beards and glasses. They try to stand out but end up all wearing the same “uniform”......its fucking hilarious.
Well they do lie and exaggerate nearly everything, but we also need them to be able to see and report all the facts. They shouldn’t be getting shot at or touched but they also lie to us on a daily basis to get us pissed about things so I only feel so bad for them.
I’ve bee using logic Pro since Logic Pro 7 back in 2007 and its always been Logic Pro. At least since then.
Protesting isn’t illegal. Rioting and looting is. Some people aren’t destroying things and still getting hit with stuff. Some of these officers are targeting the alone, weak or defenseless peaceful protesters........ The rioters and looters deserve this......the peaceful protesters should be left alone unharmed.
Exactly why I said they need to be protected...they are just doing their job reporting.
Most likely thicker than the Xbox one og black model. &amp;#x200B; I just can't wait until we see more and know more about both. &amp;#x200B; I'm getting an XSX first, but I'm 99% sure I'm getting a PS5 as well....unless they do something really dumb, which I don't see happening. &amp;#x200B; I hope they are different and offer somewhat different experiences like back in the OG Xbox &amp; PS2 days.
This is what they say when they are involved in something. They are bold about it.
I can't decide.....I'd like a mix of Halo 2,3 &amp; reach.....I'm ok with abilities as long as they are fun to use....but I'd be ok with out them. &amp;#x200B; Halo 5 felt like it was made for 5,000 e-spot players and not for the rest of the fan base. &amp;#x200B; \*\* 343 needs to learn how to make a good, fun, aesthetically pleasing to look at map for once....it's the thing they are the worst at. &amp;#x200B; They make a lot of ugly maps.
Is Destiny 2 still worth playing for somebody who played originally but quit without playing all the content? &amp;#x200B; Is it Free now?
For me, I thought Destiny 1 controlled amazing...the gun play and movement was perfect..... \*\* The main issues with Destiny is lack of content and stuff to do. It gets real old going into another dark dungeony cave fighting the same enemies... &amp;#x200B; \*\* The real lack of content is anything to collect or get/earn. &amp;#x200B; 5-7 shaders a week? really?!!! The human eye can see over 10 million + colors and you give us 7 ugly options? * No purpose to the ships after all this time. * Only 3 classes really. The lack of variety is disgusting. &amp;#x200B; They give us a tech demo's amount of content and then spend 5+ years trying to make excuses and justify it.....then the one decent thing they had in multiplayer they ruined that. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; \*\*\* I can't wait to see what their next game is, as I'm sure the quality will be there, I'm just concerned about the lack of content.
Honestly, with both the PS5 &amp; XSX, they will be "no brainers" to upgrade to the new system. This is an actual leap in tech for a gen unlike the last gen which was essentially just a stop gap waiting for tech to get to a certain level. * Once people see the possibilities, I think it will make sense for 99% of gamers to transition over to the new consoles and I think it will happen fairly quickly. ** People were stuck inside with nothing to do being bored for months.....they will want to reward and treat themselves and I think the marketing for both consoles will put them in front of most families/gamers.
* This will last exactly one terrible weekend.....will be nice a first and then somebody will go on a killing spree, and there will be nobody to call for help. Then somebody will need the police and they won't be there, so people will have to take matters in to their own hands, which is another legal grey area as well...... We don't want 40+ Vigilante Batman wannabes in every city trying to police everyone.. Also don't want lawlessness and mass shooting,raping,killing,murders,beatings because people know there are no cops around. ** Most cities with low crime it won't be an issues....my worry is what happens in the higher crime areas.... * I love the idea of some kind of reform or "reset" with how things work for the police in our country. There is not enough accountability for people in a position of power, and that needs to change right now. Something has to be done, but I'm not sure getting rid of police 100% is the answer. ** They already don't hire great cops because they don't pay them well, hence most people look for other areas of employment. ** If you offered $80,000+ a year to be a cop instead of $35,000 maybe you would get better qualified people instead of the town bully from high school. ** The Police funding should go towards their salaries, not for equipment to beat people with. * We need good quality humans as cops, not people who want to fight everyone.
Not new...just wondering if they added anything or changed anything.
I love this album....Wish we would get something close to this again.
Most will be streaming or watching from Youtube and most can't stream and see it in true 4k....
In line picking one of these up now. Haven’t tried marys yet as they were always pods.....cant wait to try though. Durban is one of my fave strains.
Please be Suikoden or Sunset Riders!
Depends on the games....we don't know until both Sony and Microsoft reveal the games &amp; Price of console. &amp;#x200B; Safe bet is to stay with PS5 for you as you know the brand, but XSX will be backwards compatible with every Xbox game ever using the XSX tech to increase performance and look of those games....so if you wanted to catch up on a series or older game you could... &amp;#x200B; Some good exclusives including Forza, Forza Horizon &amp; Halo...with Halo: Infinite rumored to be releasing this year. &amp;#x200B; Get both if you ever have the chance to.
Always wanted to play it. Does it play at all different from RoN?
We aren’t in control. People in positions of power allow this to happen. This happens because people want it to happen.....getting rid of bad people in high level positions of power is key to getting the US back on the right track. Hopefully there will be a lot of firings and job loss for bad people in positions of power over the next 6+ months.
Yea It was a solid showing, but I have a feeling Sony is saving 1-2 bigger games to reveal after Microsoft's July event and maybe Microsoft might do the same....like they are playing a game with each other... Anything more than Halo Infinite that I can get in the first 3 months of launch is a bonus. Waiting for the Xbox event is going to feel like forever now...especially with no known date.
* Would have been smarter to just congratulate them and not mention XSX.....comes across as desperate and fake......not even Xbox fans can relate or support that. Just give Sony their day and we will get ours as Xbox fans in July..... I thought the event was pretty good but not great....a few games I want to play but most didn't interest me.
I personally love the differences in game selection....makes owning both a bit more worth it. &amp;#x200B; I prefer the Xbox lineup so far though. &amp;#x200B; Halo Infinite excites me as much as anything right now but I'm also cautious because 343 are in charge and they haven't proven they can make a great Halo game yet.
Good catch.
True....but if Microsoft doesn't do similar stuff it's better for their image.
I haven't bought into game pass yet although probably will next gen...I like buying physical copies of games I REALLY want to play. Like a Halo.
Check into who owns Zoom. High ranking member of CCP. = essentially China owns zoom. All your key strokes....passwords....you think those are safe while using zoom installed?? Calls get routed through China first. Skype has been around forever....All of the sudden outbreak happens and Zoom just so happens to be ready to go??? Connect the dots. Conspiracy rant over. Lol. Seriously though I wouldn’t fully trust zoom.
Ahead of its time by about 75 years but awesome
I was surprised it was under$3,000....isn't the Quantum $4,000? &amp;#x200B; I was not expecting this and this version actually makes it somewhat affordable and attainable.....I won't have the money money to get it in the next 12 months but eventually it's good to know this exists. &amp;#x200B; Congrats on getting one though....when do they release?
The ESQ-1 &amp; Blofeld videos are the ones that made me want those synths....Two of my fave videos of all time. &amp;#x200B; guy is a legend.
Great news. I love new video game news regardless of system....I'm super excited to finally see Halo Infinite, as I really want Halo to be back like it used to....Halo hasn't been good since Reach. * Halo Infinite * Forza Horizon 5 * 5-6 New IP's * Some kind of Spy game. * Open world RPG * Age of Empires 4 !!!..............I need this game.
* I saw about 6-7 games I would buy on sale or for $20-40 but not $60, and honestly, I'm getting a XSX first, so I won't be getting a PS5 until probably 2022,unless there is a game I just absolutely have to play. * I definitely plan on getting a PS5 though, I love video games too much a whole to skip out because of some fabricated console wars. ** While that presentation from Sony was good, it left a lot of room for Microsoft to one up them and hit it out of the park.....
That would be awesome. Price should be around $2,500 correct? I'm basing that off what it had listed for the Euro.
People under severely underestimating this game... AC Odyssey was awesome in terms of gameplay....story could have been better but there was a ton to do, and the map was huge. &amp;#x200B; \*\* I'm imagining a world larger than BotW, with better graphics, colorful clean art style and the gameplay of AC Odyssey * How can people hate on this game? It looks fun, and if it's anything like either botw and AC:Odyssey then it will be a good solid game with potentially 70-100+ hours of gameplay. Obviously still need to see more, but this is one game I'm actually most excited for.
All I need is Halo Infinite revealed....and gameplay shown + details and release date...... Anything else is a bonus for 2020.
Yea understandable, but I actually like playing c&amp;c at a slower pace...
Yes if this was the spanish flu we would have evidence. Lots of people predict things and are wrong. We THINK there will be a big second wave.......we don’t know that. People thought the lakers would destroy the pistons in 2004.......cant just declare something fact without letting it play out.
80% of what was shown at PS5 event are times exclusives though. I’m getting XSX first as I love Halo. Then in late 2021 Or 2022 I’ll get a PS5 with some of its best games at reduced price.
I need to do this. I've been playing Halo since the original and I've only ever played for the Multiplayer.... I'm actually interested in the campaign for this one as I think it will be more like Destiny and an ongoing thing over a couple years....which could be awesome for Halo. * Congrats on this accomplishment. How many are on the MCC?
After reading through all the Goosebumps books me and pretty much every other kid in the early to mi 90's wanted anything similar.... YA novels in the 90's were pretty good, and I remember seeing one of these in the school library....checked it out and it was pretty good....I only read the first one I think.
I think it's too help avoid confusion down the road....like Xb1 did. You had Xbox one....Xbox one S....Xbox one X....... This way, people right away understand it's the same thing, but with a series name to it, it removes some confusion....at least that is my theory. lol
Sounds promising..... I'm trying to keep my expectations in check this gen but it's difficult not to get excited about the potential game possibilities over the next few years.
This feels like such a 90's throwback.....Not my most wanted game but I love that it exists..... Use to play one of these back in the 90's.
* I won't be playing it with controller regardless. Age of Empires is my favorite PC game series of all time......My PC now couldn't play it......but if it releases in 2021, I'll be able to play it on that... If it releases on XSX....I'll buy it for that as long as we can use Keyboard and mouse.
That grey version somebody made looks real nice.
Just started playing Deserts of Khaahrak. Its a ton of fun but didn’t fully realize its potential. Would love a sequel
Seems like a country of “yea thats good enough”....
Makes sense...they want it to release near the film to gain hype.
eww gross
Zero interest in that. Glad its being made for the rest of you though.
But only certain ones will work on PS5...they have to be fast enough and compatible and that won't be cheap.
* I'm hoping it's true. I don't want to get my hopes up but I'm expecting the best console &amp; games presentation they have ever done...It has to be up there. * I'm already getting to play Halo Infinite at launch....finding another 2-3 games to go with it right away would be amazing. * Would love to see a Nintendo quality New IP...something similar to a Mario 64 or Legend of Zelda series.....but done in a unique and different way. * I would absolutely love to see the return of Crimson Skies...a sequel with awesome online multiplayer! \^ For those of you who never got to play this back in the day...it's literally the most fun I've had playing an online game ever....Just pure fun match after match and never really got old. &amp;#x200B; Bringing back some older IPs like that could be huge.
The one advantage could be using 4TB vs a 1tb/2tb on XSX....unless Microsoft uses larger cards.
Sandler and Samberg did this movie 5 years ago.
It does have a slight Dreamcast sound to it....good catch. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9mOjHzTFiQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9mOjHzTFiQ)
Still 5 months away...........:-( Been so long since I've been this excited for Halo.
good call
Love Dilla beats...
* Hannibal lecter....The Game!
* It's not delayed. They want to release on XSX &amp; PS5 and want to be connected to that launch. They release before it they are an also...an additional game....if they release right along the XSX &amp; PS5, they can piggy back on that hype momentum for extra sales.
I love this picture.
I was thinking this as soon as the episode ended... I want like 10 more seasons of this. Disney should renew it....again
I want Mario 64, Sunshine, Galaxy 1&amp;2 collection. * I want to play the galaxy games but with normal, non-motion controls.
At this point in my life I don’t have time for that.....its just annoying....but it still happens at my work now and then pretty much all in good fun, just not at the level it used to. But yea I’ve never really enjoyed that shit.
but the true next gen version won't be out until 2021. By default because every game runs natively on XSX, it will look better but it will be a better looking XB1/PS4 version of the game. If you want to have the best experience, then wait until it fully releases in 2021.
I agree. This and TP
Exactly. 343 was probably THE first studio in the world to get an XSX Dev kit.
Not my favorite but still pretty cool. Definitely has an old school Halo 2 feel to it. Good job.
I think they said height would make a difference so I would assume they built other stuff into the game like that too.
* The best way around that is multiple unique units.
Yes. * Avatar golf was amazing to create courses on * Miner Dig Deep isnone of the most relaxing games of all time and there STILL hasn’t been a game made that comes close to it......and don’t even say Steam world dig.....that game has fighting.....I just want to dig. Lol * Age of Booty is also another hidden gem that was a ton of fun to play....this one actually made the jump to CB1. The others did not. I guess MDD devs lost the code. 😔
They can they just need 20x the content from day 1 on.
I wonder if they set the date....and then leading up to launch they announce its releasing the week before the PS5 just to get out in front.
Yea that is why I'm hoping to be excited by this game.. or surprised, because it does nothing for me now, but I know how hyped fans were before the movie released and were talking it up.. Sometimes Hollywood just ruins things
I hope it's a new IP.
No, get the best 4k you can afford.
The Japanese have such a huge work work work and keep working culture that they have never experienced this kind of a “break” in routine. I love this opportunity for their country to realize they need more time for family life. I respect their work ethic but this could be good for keeping that suicide rate down and overall life balance.
This is me.....I'm hoping this game changes my experience with the franchise.....I love the batman universe but I think Jared Leto's Joke is the most cringe worthy try hard performance I've ever seen....It was like watching an edgy High school play.
I don't mind them as I get to play the game eventually....It give me a game to look forward to and can be amazing during a gaming drought when I can't find anything to play. &amp;#x200B; But yea sometimes it sucks having to wait 6+ months to play a game you want.
I agree...It was a cool added feature. I want a lot of options to customize and more stuff to earn and really make it our own. Not the most important thing, but a nice little added bonus.
I want them to be as unique as possible. Adds more replay value over the long term, and will promote learning more than just one civ, especially if we get 8-10 right away.
That actually makes a lot of sense, plus keeps it one week closer to release date as well, decreasing time between announcement and launch, if only by one week still helps keep hype at a max level. This wait seems forever though....I just can't wait to see Halo Infinite &amp; Age of Empires 4.
I like where you are going with that.... It just feels like Microsoft is about to go all out and really "go for it" for lack of a better term. I'm probably the most excited I've ever been for a new console, especially an Xbox, and I've owned them all. * This gen is adding in a ton of new features and getting rid of so many past annoying small problems, that even mediocre games will feel much better than what we had last gen. * I'm really hoping to be surprised by a new IP that I'm super hyped about. We haven't had that with Microsoft in a while.
Yes, but I have freedom to do so at my job, so it's more of....IF I want to I can.... So yes I will be taking advantage of that and plan on playing Halo Infinite multiplayer &amp; Fifa 21 Career mode all day.
They bring the worst PvZ game? GW1 is best. Still nice more games
Yes. They are more natural. I cant get used to play station controllers. Within 2-3 days you will be fine
Trying to pretend something happened isn't the answer....I wish Hollywood would understand this. They still seem to not "get it"....
I might get both to be honest....depends on how they are and what they offer.
I just want to start in leagues lower than 2nd in master league like you can in Fifa.
I don't really want everyone on facebook to see every time I'm gaming.....if it doesn't show that I'm ok with it. &amp;#x200B; If all it is supposed to be is that we can post or stream directly to facebook as an option or something similar...I'm ok with it. &amp;#x200B; I just don't want to have to sign onto facebook to game...........which I'm 99% sure won't be the case. &amp;#x200B; I think most people are overreacting to this, and it should be clarified in July at the event.
24 days until the event if it happens on the 17th. &amp;#x200B; Longest wait ever
Another Star Wars RTS similar to Age of Empires but with more than just 2 sides this time would be awesome.
Good to know. Yea I wasn't sure if it was something like 200 or 500+ user patches allowed.
May have to buy this. Never owned it for N64 but my friends did
Oh ok that is cool....I'll probably keep some Factory ones for sure but good to know I can overwrite if I need space. If I filled those up some how, could I save banks offline and upload them in total if I want to for a certain project or something like that? I watched a video about the app that comes with it but I can't remember.
Ahh, was on my phone was reading, didn't see the link. I'll check it out. Thanks for posting this.
That was my thinking as well. Everything is playing out exactly as it always has, we and the team are just finding it out now though. I really wish this show didn't have to end...
Any of the Age of Empires games are perfect for offline skirmish modes against the AI.
Burton is a good addition as well. Could probably find a core group of 10-20 people who would set good examples.
lol....It will take a while. I would suggest playing a 1v1 skirmish on a land map * Play on Easy &amp; put the settings to Slow. This should help you ease into some different build orders and how you want to end up playing. Check the tech tree to see which civ might fit a play style you want to play. Have fun learning....it takes time, but the Age of Empires series can give so much back to you if you invest the time to learn as much about the games as possible. Enjoy.
Probably 13th-17th
I'd start with the tutorial if they have one...can't remember as I probably did the tutorial back in 1998/9 when this released... The first campaign with William Wallace is a good start. &amp;#x200B; But yea play skirmish matches on easy &amp; slow to get a hang of things &amp;#x200B; * Always be building a villager...don't stop until late game. * Focus on Food and wood early. * Scout map by selecting your scout and pressing ctrl 1. This will make it so whenever you press the 1 key, it will automatically go to that unit * Once scout is selected, Hold Shift and click the black areas of the map to scout it out. You could also start out by playing with map fully revealed and using a no fog cheat so you can see the whole map and what the ai is doing as well. * Make sure you record your games so you can watch them back to see what the ai was doing and to see how you can improve.
So August is getting closer.....Any leaks or news about what this could potentially be? * I would love a successor to the P12, but one that is more affordable somehow...lol
All good...More than happy to help...I've been playing AOE since the first one back in 1997, so it's all muscle memory for me.. but once you learn stuff like that it helps. * Also, B , E is the hotkey for building a house....that one helps in the early stages to keep your build order going smoothly without having to click in the menu. * Only have one villager per farm as well.
Hmmm...that sounds awesome, so even if you fill it all up you can just save the banks and switch them out? &amp;#x200B; How many user saved patches can there be in total?
If there are 100 games, only 20 of them are worth $60. * The rest should be priced from $20-50 new. Video game pricing per content right now is = to if all cars launched at $400,000 just because some do.....It makes no sense. &amp;#x200B; These developers who charge $60 for their crap 8 hour games full of recycled garbage copy paste content and then want to blame everyone else as to why their game didn't sell...IS a huge problem and needs to stop. &amp;#x200B; * There used to be like 5-7 Tiers of games, and now it seems everything is either Indie $15 game or "AAA" $60 game...
Online is a bonus for a game like this and will add replay value.
I hope it feels the most like skate 2.
We better hear something about Age of Empires 4.....
Could be a photo of Fitz
I miss Hunter....and Fitz
Planning on trading my PS4 &amp; XB1 in for an XSX. Can get $100 for a PS4 right now and only about $75 for og XB1..... So even if it is $500...that is $375 at most I'm paying for a XSX. I will get a tiny bit extra for some games/controllers, but I'm keeping the XB1 controllers as they will still work on XSX I believe.
that is essentially what it is...but tech from now will be better than the XB1X, so it will counter balance some of the fact that it has lower TFLOPS. I'll be getting the XSX first, and then eventually a PS5...... Lockhart or all digital PS5 just don't interest me.....I love the option of a physical disc.
This is awesome. Can't wait to try this out once I get my imac.
You are kidding right? &amp;#x200B; There is a whole generation of people aged about 27-42 who would love to play this game. &amp;#x200B; We need more spy games and they could really expand on the genre with the new tech. &amp;#x200B; Plus it's been a while....it's not like there is a new PD game every 3 years.
Film crews are so underrated and actors get so much credit when so many other people contribute just as much... I wish we got to see more inside stuff like this.
There are none...You would need a mix of Studio one, FL Studio, Ableton &amp; Bitwig to get close.
I've heard some amazing sounds from Zebra....I'd personally use that, but Serum if you use wavetables.
Isn’t something that is proven true, a fact and not a theory? Is the theory of relativity a fact or theory? Does that make conspiracy theories facts then? Seriously asking. Just kind of made me think.....plus its Early still. Lol 😀
Yes extremely. I used to watch a ton of tv and in the last 5-10 its been minimal. Just not a lot of shows that appeal to me. I really don’t want this to end and I have a hope that they re-boot the series as Agents of Sword and bring over some of the cast. That will then be on Disney plus or whatever their streaming service is called.
Florida Man is always up to something.
This is the first time we have gone into a gen with this hype since the ps3/xbox 360 era at the beginning. Can’t wait for Halo to be back to Halo2,3&amp;Reach level of hype. The community will grow and there hasn’t been this much optimism in a long time. I might be more excited for this gen than any others simply based on potential. Even mediocre games will at least look good.
Probably 14th-23rd.....Just not sure which day
* Honestly, this past gen was the worst in overall quality of games. There were some really good ones, but not as many as previous generations. * The variety wasn't their either....they tried to push graphics over content and the specs weren't there to back it up. * Now we get graphics &amp; content. * Most Excited I've been for anything Microsoft since probably Halo Reach.
