in b4 "daughter" is just OP in a dress with makeup
Actually a really, really good point. +1
Hey don't get me wrong no judgement here.
?
A type deadspace reps with deadspace tank repairs almost as much as a guardian. With a frigate sized sig
Oh you silly bee
I mean, it's probably some generalization of a heat transfer equation, rather than a specific equation. DelH=UAdelT or some derivative.
Hey Eve nerd life is a bell curve. Those bottom half are more than likely one standard deviation away from the mean.
Then you can't use drone boats for pve. I mean, if that's the route we have to go then so be it gallente are only pvp ships now
Did I mention killing stations and entire fleets from 15k in less than a minute? My ship is a giant cstgo hauler and I sell the shit in a friendly faction nearby
Haven't looked honestly. No intention of selling them. Maybe I'll put one into a fighter blueprint.
"zero tolerance towards botting" "I wanted to give them a second chance" K.
No, they never did. Our largest fleet was like 250 at our prime. Maybe an extra hundred or so, and that's with everybody double boxing and triple boxing. Move ops saw 500. People are so fucking bitter for how hard TRI hit above their weight class. Tapi are the worst at it, and their pathetic attempts at spin will always disappoint me in them.
Oh its positively sustainable.
"Pretty sure" / totally guessing
It's not PC to not be racist.
If candidates are not responding well to your offers, what's more likely: that the candidates are at fault, or that your offers are at fault
You're not fooling anybody
LOL aka "I have no intention of doing this legitimately I'm just here for a quick buck"
You have to update your url game, incels was banned. Hey have a new one, somewhere
Lol you're as PC and careful as you could be about the subject, and Reggie is still putting words in your mouth and being aggressive. Too funny. You're absolutely correct though, unfortunately.
Your reading comprehension is shit, buttercup
That's when you say sir...I got five ones. Stonefaced.
Shit man how do you cure being Canadian.
I don't think nagas do more than 250km+
You're overusing "dweeb", but underusing your brain.
Yeah well, I passed a 30% pass rate test years after studying the subject material without preparing for the test...
I was told about his lightning gun ahead of time. I made a box of stone around my ship. Ez-pz
NOPE. As thin as I could make it, honestly. I used like, 10 xanion or something.
I've been *naming mine Gizz
Oof sounds like you dodged a lawsuit
I was under the impression you could still redeem them, but you had to meet with someone from the treasury department where they'd validate and check the serial numbers
Insurance
Brave was awful They tried to make it a meme how bad they were, when in reality they were just bad.
Good.
They weren't pure 100% alts but there was a decent crossover at one point *Looks at username* Oh weren't you that retarded fucktard from a while back that got super bitter about that for some reason?
You can't remove what's already gone...and gone.. and gone...
Well as much as that sucks it's not like it was being used I guess.
/u/frankysaken Sorry buddy but your narrative's a little off.
Who the fuck is dropbears anonymous
I can only speak to my own experiences where a decent crossover was _every dude in comms on a fleet_ having a PL toon online waiting for a drop. But hey whatever.
The Wheel Turns
Your desperation for him to be "salty" has made you cant-walk-and-talk-at-the-same-time retarded. Him pointing out that goons paid for those dreads multiple times over is not salt you waste of oxygen
https://zkillboard.com/related/30004713/201812051700/ HILARIOUS
I miss cpt_sobad
He's posted videos of him working before ya dingus.
Aren't they dead yet?
I worked at Mervyn's selling shoes over my summer before leaving for college. I was on some program where I'd give them my school schedule and work the periods I was back home. Despite setting my schedule as not available around the Thanksgiving area i get called and asked to work on black friday. When I said no, they said I'd be fired. When I asked why am I spending $100 in gas to earn $50 while spending two days driving, they countered with "but it's a full shift". Even with her attitude on the phone I was classy "thank you for this opportunity" etcetc. Click.
Nevermind the time his drop killed 40bill in rorquals. Or the hundreds of billions goons have fed him in excavators. What's important is that his cheap insured dreadbomb failed when one of the largest alliances in he game orchestrated a rusecruise and dropped overwhelming firepower and has been smugposting about it for dayyyyys. Desperate.
How do you bleed a rock
IDK if you can classify "blobbing" as a weakness as space Bushido doesn't exist and n+1 wins the game
I'd be ok with it being delayed an hour or so allowing time for calculation. Not a hard fix.
I don't see how that addresses what he wrote.
What's it like being so consistently wrong and dum
Er, I feel like you're just hijacking this for another cause...
Yeah that totally means something and makes sense
Lamest AMA ever. Post on your main, bro. Oh wait, you're not HK...
That's what they say, but something you'll notice with judges is they have a specific outcome in mind that they want, and then they twist their interpretation of the law to fit that. There has to be a term for it, because it's commonplace in the courtroom.
I don't feel like this gif is best to describe racial struggles. If you feel this is the poster child, then that's a first world class problem right there
Yeah I spent a long time trying to find it myself
Scared of a camera? Confused? Then why not ask questions? His response is to assault and then run away. He knew what he did was bad, fuck him.
Smart, encountering cops in the wild is as dangerous a place you could be. He was liable to be shot 12 times in the back while running away because the cops "feared for their lives"
When you're in a position of power over several children, yes.
Literal cannibal
Delete this
To be clear, this particular case doesn't sound like any actual wrongdoing. The man was driving with the wrong tags in the first stop, that's not in dispute. Notice that they don't tell you what he was stopped for the second time, there's a reason for that.
And he got to that place by....vote manipulation.
Hey so why are you such a fucking try hard and when did you realize your life was in shambles?
I mean I like memes as much as the next guy but do you have some examples?
So where's the part where you expose your butthole
That's actually a tactic courts are attempting. They try and railroad enough cruel punishments through then it becomes common, and therefore legal. I'm not making that up.
Source: your mom.
France
Rip /u/okayletsgo
You can jc into thera?
The people who care, already know.
Is there rule 34 porn about rule 34? Edit: NVM don't answer
LOL, this is so full of shit I love it.
No you don't understand this is reddit we like violence
Idk, the whole smarmy "Language" one word comment on the INTERNET of all places. Great he wasn't as big as a dickbag as he could have been but instead he tried to publicly chastise a grown woman because he can't mind his own fucking business.
Sorry that's not really flying
I wonder how many rubles he was paid for this literary diarrhea
Hey anybody dumb enough to actually read this far down this scam thread: There's no in-game mechanic for loans. So I'm guessing, you "rate" someone a lower score, find those who have assets and then approach them about collateral. They hand over collateral and then you disappear. Got it.
I still don't see how it's not as valid as any other religion
I never understood the people that comment on porn. Like full on conversations and arguments
Holy exaggeration Batman.
Lol manifesto. The audio clip of your alliance leader getting grilled by Garst about "defensive ops" _against his own coalition_ while he's sitting on the shitter is hilarious
And why does the public want their heads? Because they were caught on video tape way over-escalating use of force. There's plenty videos of cops on reddit using force in a justified manner and every comment is "omg my justiceboner". Quit your bullshit.
Justykek says something retarded, someone points it out, this mongoloid comes running out of the hills to yell "SALT!!!". Oh /r/Eve, never change
The call stated the teller said "the check did not match our records". Theres many red flags banks use to look out for fraud. 1. Non member 2. Non member they've never dealt with before. 3. Check did not match records ( this could be check #, check image/stock, signature etc. 4. Amount of check different from checks usually drawn from account " and yes my company does pay him that much" With all of these in place, I could see them calling police. Now, maybe it's not best business practice since you run the risk of being wrong and having egg on your face (like this case) I dont feel they did anything wrong per se,
Found the color blind guy
So it's understandable but you obviously don't understand the world of modern checks. Checks aren't just "stolen", they're altered or outright forged. People cash altered/forged checks with their real IDs, they also make fake ideas with the specific purpose of cashing a fake check. $100 fake ID for a $1000 check.
That's when garden plants become detroyed, gutters unhinged, paint applied terribly.
I've always wondered about that with the super small sig ships. I'm gonna have to eft that when I get home.
That's not how that works...
I had to have a translator for an Oi'rish fellow on comms once.
I feel like vampires are op at siege battles. Overcast invocation of nehek with bats/vargheists swarming the walls. Some shadow magic and the enemy routs but is stuck from all the enemy pushing at their back, so they're just slaughtered. Anyways I had over a dozen battle screens like this, thousands of enemies dead but little or often times no losses on vampire side...ty invocation of nehek
Idiot. Love you.
LOL XD !!!!!
Yes the space pixels that I stole but where then counter stolen has been eating at me. That's why years after the fact I make sure to get multiple friends to bring it up on the internet to make myself feel better from my feeder Corp getting robbed blind. Oh wait, that's you guys. Oh man that took you a whole 10 minutes to respond this must've hit a nerve. You doing alright there little buddy?
I tried to be oppressive and not fun the other day by interrupting a small brawl my friends were having with some snaked linked kitey garmurs by warping in my falcon and jamming them. But then I couldn't leave, and took a second to realise why.
I eagerly await another year when dropbears anonymous comes out of the dumpster to make themselves look stupid. It's like a little retarded treat in my inbox, that can kinda speak.
That's the point, throw too much information so that users don't check and just accept his word.
It would appear I've upset the hivemind
Idk if that's really "karma" but hey tapi keep being yapi
"OK I'm going to act cool now after looking dumb, I hope he goes away".
all lowercase one sentence "salt" Silly tapi
You still haven't answered me... Why is that?
Ok so the insult now is that I'm pregnant? Like that makes sense. Typical yapi to make fun of the miracle of childbirth. No shame, no respect, no brain
Everyone wants defense attorneys to represent these guys to the best of their abilities. If they don't, and they still get convicted, then they can get a re-trial or just released at a later date.
Wiping his tears with 100000 dollar bills they print just for him to wipe his tears with
And just exactly how much time have you spent studying gay lions?
I'm struggling to think of what their argument is. They lost, but didn't want to lose therefore they should get money?
Ok that took me on a tide
I rented a room from a very nice Mexican family during college for an all-inclusive price of $400 a month. First time I used their stove Im getting a lot of smoke, there was a second drawer below the main oven I'd never seen before filled with pots/pans with plastic handles.
So yes you piss yourself.
The Council of Titties is now in session, all rise.
Ok well that's a little bit different from what I originally gleamed.
Whenever I think I have something funny to say, I make sure to look down because someone else has already said it.
Thank God for some sanity. A fight shouldn't be a death sentence.
That's enough out of you, pedo. (Only applies in Australia)
Y'all shoulda bought more. It wouldn't gone away if it sold better
5 second look delay plus minimum two second lock + point equals seven seconds of running 7k a second, 49km. Good luck.
Ok so there's always a counter in this game if you dedicate enough resources, so those type of replies don't get you anywhere. However if the garmur sees this arazu gaining on him he's warping out. The best way to gatch a garmur is if they fuck up or gate camping.
Lol why do you even bother to downvote...no one's reading this at this point but you and I. Also you doing ok? It's Christmas but you're on Reddit Eve...do you need a friend?
I'm sorry as much as cheating sucks these fucking laws need to be stricken.
No, banks do not discuss personal banking information with other Banks, that is illegal. They're not even supposed to verify checks (I know some do it anyways as they figure they can get away with it for now). Also you seemed confused as to the actual purpose and use of a SAR...anyways people this person doesn't know what they're talking about please take their words with some salt
What allies exactly? XiX which were about to invade, and admitted as such? Those shitler alliances like Manifesto which were caught with their pants down scheming to backstab? I'm genuinely curious which "allies" you're referring to.
Jesus you're drinking the coolaid. "The things"? Be specific, please. I'm guessing you don't actually know anything about what you're talking about.
I had this one brother do the "squeeze hard handshake" thing. I didn't feel intimidated, just thought he was an asshole. He's got MS now so I guess I won that battle
Hey how was your AT team this year?
Wow INIT sounds like a great group of guys. Your one bomber whore on a rorqual, therefore you better pay for the whole thing? Fuck off with that.
I mean, they'll change your life if your life is in shambles.
Lol yapi tapi. If by bailed faster you mean two months ago...ok there buddy :okhand:
Hey how was your AT team this year? Oh yeah, 0-100 in the first round. Against TRI Hey remember when you left your allies to die because you Max cowarded out? Hey remember when you spent more than a keepstar was worth to kill it, then claimed victory? Remember when PGL yelled on comms "we're never coming to insmother again!" Remember when an alliance shivrelled due to internal reasons and then the carcass got picked off by some other alliance, but tapi smug posted about it like they were responsible for days? Sorry curry and beans...you're pathetic. Let me know when you accomplish something
XD dae salty brah!?!?
I'm judging you vocally. You're a jar of Vegemite. Used Vegemite.
You don't even bring your D game, you're just retarded.
Why are you so rude I've done nothing
I spent $100. My phone is great. Don't buy apple.
My current job is the best, hands down by several orders of magnitude I've ever had. Making much more than I ever have before, my coworkers are awesome and my boss is amazing. I would not get this tattoo.
IANAL = IJASOTISDSM
And then Gorillas to deal with the bears. And then snakes to deal with the Gorillas, which are eaten by the bears. In balance, as all things should be.
Was there any WH changes during his CSM? I'd look at those...
I mean he probably knew what was coming. You don't leak that stuff unless you expect the person to take advantage of that knowledge. And after previous "incidents" CCP is watching for shit like that.
I mean what are you doing, are you looking for cheaters or just not sure what to do with yourself
1) Was she attractive? 2) Who are we kidding that doesn't matter, should've smashed anyways.
IDK about you but I don't have a habit of talking to girls, that's a little young for me. But hey you do you man, as long as it's legal wherever you are.
Buddy you're in the CFC you're not fucking anything but your hand and waifu pillow.
I guess you missed the part where I called you a loser and you seemingly just accepted that.
I need buds man...
Man, you need an editor.
SAP works for accountants, ie corporate. Corporate: We NEED this software! Business locations: This doesn't work, it's killing us! Corporate: We need it more! Who wins?
Does ninja looting not make you suspect anymore? One dude in a triple point HIC with safeties on spamming point would take care of that
https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/bv7gsk/baltimore_police_trial_reveals_cops_were
WATCH HOW I SOAR
Dyevichki ni vidgeot mashina
I mean if you're going to die you might as well go out doing what you love Googling Riley Reid
You acted like an asshole and you got called out as such. Now here you are slinking back, again acting like an asshole. You're putting a whole lot of thought into my actions, "And you seem to think I deleted my old account..." actually I didn't give a fuck about your account, nor did I know/care that you deleted your account and not the post, nor do I still. Bit of a chip on your shoulder, eh? Talk about pot calling kettle black LOL
fuck you tapi rules
It requires imagination and not being dead inside
What is he, a farmer?
I googled that baby shark video, those poor kids
It's not racist to point out that Chinese culture places a large emphasis on winning, and that this translates into botting
First they came for... Then they came for...
You don't seem to actually understand the tolerance paradox. Tell me, what is it explicitly that you find worth mention? Please, state your argument and then draw a conclusion.
I don't get it, where's the part where they murder the man and plant a toy gun as evidence?
They were called citadel missiles
Thanks for speaking openly here, in the last paragraph you state "I can dismiss". Do you in fact, dismiss those, or do you find yourself overlooking them "sometimes".
I've always wondered why these kids don't bring in microphones when they know there's a good chance the mic will be cut off. What are they going to do then, assault her and drag her off stage?
You're on a fucking roll man!
Ok bud
What's the legal requirement for a detainment in Montreal?
It's a bot Well, multiple bots
Minutes?
I mean, tinder is
Hey man I see what you were doing, but you need more to give the hint
Trolling the libtards by destroying my world around me
Kinda tired of all this fake bullshit people write on reddit to test their writing skills. 99% of these stories are all fake. yeayea i know "/r/nothingeverhappens" or some bullshit
How's that boot taste?
That sounds great until you realise you're discriminating against an entire culture Sorry mate you have to live in the real world these days
You'd think he'd stop being surprised after the first ten seasons, right?
How about how the cop was tailgating the guy in front of him, practically running the guy off the road. Incredibly stupid, dangerous, and illegal.
Oh you're one of them bogans That explains a lot
No come on, he was desperate and trying to make the payments for his car "Bribery"? Doesn't that have to be a public official? A tow truck driver isn't a public official
Great you googled an ambiguous term. Where did this take place? What's the local bribery laws? Here I'll help you because you're retarded. Bribery involving non-public officals: http://ypdcrime.com/penal.law/article180.htm?zoom_highlight=bribery Basically involves gambling or a union official. The only other "bribery" involves public servants: http://ypdcrime.com/penal.law/article200.htm?zoom_highlight=bribery Offering to pay for his car's payments is not "bribery" of a **fucking tow truck driver** you dipshit
I guess we'd have to hear it said because as it was written it sounds perfectly fine, commendable even.
Ever heard of a wrongful rape conviction?
Something has enough velocity to escape, but gets slowed down just enough to achieve (albeit elliptical) orbit. Of course this orbit will decay
About one a year since their introduction. "Impact Munitions Use: Types, Targets, Effects" http://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/206089.pdf
A solid chuckle my goodman
We need more things to kill. Please come.
&gt; Dread brawl started and we traded I would say even What's the narrative here? I'm confused. Also how dare snuff use the most expensive toys in the game that people complain don't die enough
sad to see all the people sucking to to &lt;INSERT CURRENT LARGE GROUP, DESPITE THAT THIS CHANGES ALL THE TIME&gt;
I'm so tired of this retarded fucking argument. Hold on boys don't join fleet we've reached the maximum 10% force multiplier advantage over our enemies. No log off your alts I SAID LOG OFF. THIS IS A FAIR GAME GODDAMNIT" -joecuster glorious fc NVM that SF explicitly said they're here to kill us, to ruin our game however they can, they don't care if they lose the isk war they're going to use every tactic they can turn hurt us Oh no this pants-on-head retarded space Bushido nonsense that is only ever uttered by fucktards that their state doesn't legally allowed to drive takes precedence
Well my word. *I* never said we traded even But now I ask you, why did /u/woodiusmiles say we did? Might want to work on your reading comprehension bud... Also sorry about your fortizar, and all those caps.
Depends on the city I guess, some places really do have it made
It used to be the case, there was outcry and they changed it. But for a while it was the default to expect a pod on overview when shooting a t3
Yep! I remember preparing for that with logi "Logi, lock up the t3, ok pull dps! Everyone unlock the t3!"
"lol"
He's a cog in a terrible machine that exists to grind poor people into gristle on the pavement. But just a cog
I can confirm SASH is bad that's why we all meet up IRL and have lasting relationships over years. Unless you get purged. Heretic. Can't wait to see my bro's again at eve Vegas while we make out and circle jerk about killing all our alliances while our CEO "paves the way" for us for a few months.
Only if you like awkward silences Well that one wasn't our fault... Well ok that was one kinda... Ok and maybe that one... TRI definitely wasn't though Snuff....well, I'm working on it. Give me time to kill them
Middle class these days is old school upper class
Well if you have limited resources where do you start?
Still, once he orders you out you have to get out. There's no wiggle room there. They have the absolute ability to physically control you during a traffic stop, even if the stop itself is bullshit.
"Thanks for your valued input". Run along now, darling. The adults are talking .
Lol
Leaving items around that exist only to hurt ie dildos covered in a burning powder, and which would hurt indiscriminately, are known as booby traps. Booby traps are illegal
Even in a stop and identify state, you need what's called RAS to demand identification. And even if they had RAS that a crime was being committed, was committed, or about to be committed, you're not legally required to carry ID at all times. You'd just have to verbally state your name (and one other thing, I think your DOB). No social, phone number, etc Being in a bar is not RAS of a crime. What these cops are doing is a well known intimidation tactic, because most people don't know their rights.
That's what's great about employees being salary, you get to make them stay overtime. The business has a need for them to be there, they're not available during normal business hours. Solution: They're available during un-normal business hours. They don't show? CC your boss asking them to escalate. They don't show? CC *their* boss informing them of the business need for this individuals time. Could they work to get resources available? Etc.
Like I said, you identify a business need. Preferably when you propose this "meeting". It doesn't fucking matter what the "head pmp" says, because you're fucking salary (that's my assumption in this scenario) and you stay to do the work that the business needs you to do. "You don't understand scope, cost and schedule!" "Actually I do, because here's the business need that explains the cost, scope, and schedule..." Swing and a miss, dude.
There's bounty the toilet paper...
Tomato potato
I mean, you haven't used paper towels when you were out of toilet paper? Everything's toilet paper if you try
When police murder yet more brown people you see copraganda like this.
Well let's see, in your own post you state the war was about slavery. You agree on that. You also agree that Lee fought in the war. It's not that complicated. You obviously suffer from reading comprehension. Nowhere did I state his personal reasons, just that he in fact, (and we agree on this) persecute a war who's purpose was to preserve and expand the right to "beat, torture, rape, work to death, and murder humans beings with a darker skin color." A=B=C, A=C.
How long have you been a pilot?
AKA retaliatory arrest. He'd made comments that he didn't like the police earlier, so he saw a chance to try and ruin this guys life with bullshit charges. Guy told a woman (19) she was pretty and he'd buy her nice things. Father chased the man. Was there a public nuisance violation against the guy who was attacking this guy in the first place? Nah, he didn't disparage police so he didn't deserve it, obviously.
Unfortunately we have this thing called innocent until proven guilty. Bail is not in place to preemptively punish, it's there to ensure that you show up to trial.
Motorcyclist was driving beyond his capability. He was going so fast he couldn't even maintain his lane around a slight bend. Despite culpability, he takes his anger out and causes more damage. If you were on a jury and acted as you stated here, you'd be a criminal and a traitor.
You're not fooling anyone, btw.
You're just retarded
Nihilistic acquisition is the single most broken Ascension in existence. Let them have their empty planets. I have a thousand man ecumenopolis by 2250
People are assholes
Probably was well hung, and in shape. Not to judge....but I'm totally about to judge A lot of the posters on those subs are insecure and seeking validation. I've hooked up with some posters before, just send them a message, talk about yourself, include some pictures, and if you follow the two rules you'll do better than you expect.
I want to embalm you with my cum
No
Bingo
Tbf how can he text you without your number?
50/50?
She's not a professional fire fucking starter she could've murdered many people by starting a FUCKING FIRE you dipshit.
My alt got into PL that way Oh wait
Also it was this event that CCP used to rollout FAXs. That the amarr empire could've saved her if they had FAXs
Oh God it's a fucking roleplayer
And the free services are worse than not using them
Who hurt you
Your memes are like, a year behind
"Hey, this company is treating people badly so don't give them money" Serialkvetcher - "You're pandering to a political divide!" How fucking dumb are you
More like small claims for the value of the gun. Plus you get your court filing fee back
"double"
I mean, if it wasn't for the whole pantsuit thing Edit: Guys guys, I'm talking about Hilary not Trump *Drops from -10 to -1000*
Small, small assumptions
I mean, wouldn't they have less than a quarter second to react in every case?
Are you having a stroke? Do you need medical attention? Can you actually pronounce invertibrae? You seem to use the word a lot without actually using it correctly so I'm assuming you're thinking of another word, but since you've never heard it pronounced you're confusing it with another.
Wow this is particularly egregious.
I think it has to do if you bring trouble back to camp that happens, actually I'm pretty sure that's it
Except for the right we have to be secure in our property. So yes, we have property, and we have the right to not have it taken away.
So she won rock paper scissors and narrowly avoided getting raped by the cops? Oh I'm sorry I mean "served" and "protected". Look how fucking terrified she was. If it was that serious to begin with the fucking cops wouldn't have even given this as an option. But no they probably had to swing their dicks around.
Opinions are like assholes, everyone has them. Some are shitty, like this one.
So you edit your response from "Well that's just like your opinion, man" an obvious reference to the cult classic "The Big Lebowski" To....this? Go jerk off to more step-porn you loser.
Oh ok, you're doubling down on retarded. Bold move, cotton.
Have all of the victims contact the police and file a report. Don't even bring up the activities on Reddit as you'll just confuse the cops. The most Reddit should be mentioned is as the reason for the meetups
Congratulations, you've played yourself. You weren't making threats to the guy who already threatened you, you were making threats to the FBI directly since they redacted the cop's name in the original report. There was other ways to get the cop's name, but nooo you had to go this route.
Lol what a dumb slur Hey, you guys *procreate*?
You're marveling at a car with the fasteners pre removed, and with an empty radiator tank
Yeayea I've seen those excuses for years, you can get a feel for how a game is.
Just a friendly beating. Just a friendly shooting your child while attempting to murder your small dog. Just a friendly rape of a child followed by retirement and no changes pressed.
If the restaurant is purposely giving you worse cuts of steak, and you take action to prevent that, you're the asshole? Naw fam
Pretty shitty ex roommate. Not that she was a Dom but that she moved in without telling anyone
STD's
He was responding to a call of an infant not breathing. No sympathy?
I mean, it's not like he was in a rush to try and save a babies life. Oh wait...he was...
http://i.imgur.com/7xfh5Bk.png https://tagn.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/sbkxbl.jpg and the coup d'état https://imgur.com/Gu54jfW
LOL are you insane? "If someone doesn't have a complete LinkedIn page, odds are they won't enjoy working on our team anyways" I mean the only scenario in which that could possibly make sense is if you work AT linkedin.
/u/Dogs_Akimbo got fucking WRECKED DEMOLISHED DESTROYED
They literally said "don't hold us to that" on the eve vegas announcement
bots
My god you have lost touch with reality
Gotta say, my numerous trips to Hawaii on all of the islands have shown me the group with the greatest disrespect for Hawaii are the Hawaiians.
Wtf why did you wink She's not getting naked for you
Look, I'm sure this sounded great in your head but what came out sounds like you had a stroke
This has been used before... Oh it's comma horror, that's why.
Ya but you're still lying about the situational setup. Grr
It's mental illness, not laziness.
Source?
Wow what a rollercoaster of emotions
Well, makes sense right? If they don't have any communicators they obviously need to hire some
Well, it says minimum...
Salt the land and listen to the lamentations of their women? I like your style.
I mean they *don't*, but a lot of times they *do* Like the three letter ones
I'm offended
You say it's market rate, but reality determined that to be a lie.
Ah, so they give you the work of a supervisor but don't have to classify you as one. Great.
The tea was heavily compacted into bricks, so it wasn't "tea cup" ready. Also the water is cold as fuck so diffusion is slow, as well as the concentration of salt would've slowed diffusion.
ppl that don't know no one cares. facepalm
Real talk just thick soles are all that's needed why bend your foot
Wow that's dumb. He clearly stated he doesn't like that this is considered news, not that he had no choice but to read it.
LOL "triggered" Claims someone isn't good at communicating, while continuing to show how terrible you are at it. Keep doubling down on dumb, I hear that's a popular strategy with certain political figures.
Shh, the adults are talking. I hope this was a lesson to you.
Wow I should commit seppuku. I have dishonored redditors everywhere.
Wow is that 720p?
You had me in the first half, not gonna lie.
Yea but the entirety of Italian historical knowledge of /u/Yadobler is summed up in: 1) Pizza 2) Tower of Pisa 3) Mussolini
What do you think?
So, a compliant person is detained but says they have a bomb. Your reaction is to start hitting random areas of his body? That makes sense to you?
I'm not sure if you're trolling or not so I'll assume you don't know that the cockroach is a developer ship.
Hey you're a wierd guy but at least you're having fun
This is what mental illness looks like.
So no judging, but what are you diagnosed with? Genuinely curious.
...doesn't look like she's a cop.
Lol all the people lying. You only get the fee if the driver is waiting for several minutes. You fucked up and are taking it out on. The driver.
Doesn't really matter, as the only reason you can justify this level of force on a compliant individual is if they previously feigned compliance to attack law enforcement, which I seriously doubt is what happened.
You realize that thinking is exactly why cops do the fucked up shit they do right? In their eyes, you're already guilty and therefore deserve to be "punished". Should cops take the law into their own hand, apprehend a suspect, sentence them, and then punish? No, because that's retarded and innocent people would end up getting hurt. Isn't that exactly what happens sometimes?
Because they're "public" and use government reaources
Which is how it SHOULD go down, but that's not what happens a lot.
Swing and a miss
Uh huh, so all the thieves who returned property didn't commit a crime? Yeesh
Use EFT
Hey, aren't you the guy that kept posting "I'm a prosecutor!" Threads in multiple places on Reddit and then they'd get deleted because you're a liar and won't verify your claims?
Was the job a barista, and the recruiter a manager at Starbucks?
Sir this is a Wendys
/u/The_Law_of_Pizza doesn't know what they're talking about, the terse (and bulllllllshit!) reply told you all you needed to know about the company. They were going to give an unclear representation of the responsibilities and lowball you. Fuck them.
Goines first listed an informant and claimed that he had purchased drugs at the house. This informant denies ever doing that. This informant had worked with the police elsewhere, but just not this house. No reason to lie. The cop then listed another informant, which I believe never existed and they were never able to find. When they asked him again for the informant, he lawyered up. So yeah, he made shit up to get a warrant.
Sorry broski but your English still needs some work. But hey, you speak English better than I speak Russian. Dyevichki ni vidgeot mashina
*dolarydoos
Legions were better. RLML come at me.
It's paid vacation and 401k for a part time job, that's pretty great.
At this point, don't get your hopes up but don't count them out either. Keep the bridge unburned so to speak, be gracious, and check in from time to time. My current job didn't hire me originally, but called 2 years later when an opening opened up. Not an everyday occurrence but you never know
The NEXT! Is a common meme as well from /r/choosing beggars Do yourself a favor and read up on the "It's for a church honey!" one
How about the convicted murderer Amber Guyger? 10 years.
Comments are disabled I wonder why
Stupid.
It's simple, something is legal unless legislated otherwise. The onus here is to actually prove lying is illegal, not legal.
Was thinking the same thing, where is the inane ramblings of the lunatic? Must be one of his lucid moments.
Honestly, you should've just told him what he was missing instead of playing that silly game.
Cops are going to *lose their shit* when self driving vehicles become a common-place thing.
No, the laws don't state "lying to a cop" is a crime. You're altering very key words in those laws. Please re-read them.
I tell a cop I have 10 million dollars in my account. (I don't). Where in that law have I committed a crime? You claim lying to a cop is a crime, a very clear over-general statement that isn't true. I point out that this over-broad statement isnt true, and that your paraphrase is misleading. You show a very specific instance where you can't lie about your identity. Your argument therefore is you can't lie in one specific tiny instance = you can't lie to cops. That's disingenuous at best, intentionally obtuse at worst. But it's OK, I knew what you were doing from the start. You're not smart, you're not clever.
https://imgur.com/gallery/qRTki2l You purposely obfuscate on the internet, get called out, then claim you're clever. LOL I see you're purposely not responding to the other parts of the comment. Let me know when you feel like doing so, troll.
It says 9%, why does it need a chaser?
With her obvious coordination? She's got us beat, boys.
holy shit dude get out of highsec Wait even in highsec you can smartbomb emergent conduits for 400mil/hr
No, because he's kink shaming
Unfortunately you need to join a corp. It's the reality of EvE
Right, /u/WormholePerson is just being a dick
Juries have freed people in the past based on that defense so not sure what you're talking about.
Yes
Reported
You're getting upset at the wrong thing. He's not hating on you caring for the elderly, he's hating on you making minimum wage.
Yes....yes....let the hate flow through you...
They mean not looking elsewhere so that OP can get their commission check, despite by OPs own words that they don't hear anything from managers. So basically, how to lie to the chumps to keep them still.
Are you having a stroke?
Looking at you /u/clearancerecruiter
Ah, a Google link-off
Assassinated no less than two Shogun's
Well, it probably contributed to the many, many billions he had to give his wife. But hey, what can't you buy when you have 50 billion as opposed to 100 billion? Not a whole lot.
Yes, it's called criminal trespass. The alternative is the owner's take responsibility to evict people from the premises. That's how you get shootings and stabbings. It's much better to have cops who are "trained" and less liable to lawsuits to perform trespass evictions than Ranjeet's kids who owns the local 7/11
Yo that epic commercial about the robots taking over still holds up to this day. Goddamn.
It's be like buying products online, do you buy the speculum with 0 reviews or do you buy the speculum with 1000 reviews at a 4.5 average rating?
Electroshock train the cat to never eat from a bright food bowl. Let the grazer continue as regular. Actually cats are dumb that won't work.
Lol that's funny. Chonker would just wait till skinny cat got in front of bowl and ambush, unless it's like an enclosure thing.
No questions about why I'm buying speculums?
Or just give fake info, either way Hey have a rival/enemy? Give them their info.
LOL ok buddy
Hey man I'm still just curious, what's your diagnosis? I don't think I got an answer before.
Well despite your attempts at baiting I was serious, I don't make fun of people actually suffering from mental illness. I'll ask again in a while.
Sounds like he'll take ANYTHING Except if you're average height. Get your judgy average-ass out of here.
Well hey, we don't know how they acted. Maybe they broke down his door after and put up their dirty boots on his nice living room table, while smoking and commenting how hot his deceased wife was.
You're saying Police can't lie to the public in Canada on the basis for a detainment? That's truly surprising.
50/50 Gatorade/urine post workout slushie
You're over trivializing the argument and doing yourself no favors
"Someone's pointing out something wrong with my argument, better use a stupid slur to maintain supremacy" LOL
Wouldn't hold up in small claims
Still waiting /u/asadarmada
Wow I thought that was a joke, but they really did say "with attitude"
Being young is not a protected class
*US person. I work in an ITAR/Export controlled environment and have to jump these hoops all the time Green card holders and "protected person" under 8 USC qualify.
People on Tinder want to get fucked and used so makes sense
A theory is that in Hunter gatherer days the men were silent because they had to hunt, women would gather in the fields and would talk so that they were always aware of each other and could alert each other to danger
People will forget, she'll change her name, and she'll naturally look different. Adopt a different hair style, dye her hair, etc. She can take up programming, probably work from home etc. Maybe every ten years she'll be tracked down and her current job will fire her, but she'll be ok.
It's never a one time thing, and even if it is it's hard to tell if they're telling the truth. And if they did, they can get complaints in the future "but you let me do it before..." Trust me, I've worked in banking it's a good idea to not allow this. I've had to deal with problems when people transact on other people's accounts.
LOL The age discrimination act in the US only made it illegal to discriminate on ages 40 and over. And even then, it only applies when you have 20 employees or more. Some states have stricter laws, however most seem to stick to age 40 if they even mention it at all. Here's a handy breakdown https://www.ncsl.org/research/labor-and-employment/discrimination-employment.aspx "FFs, think before you talk..." Right back at you, buckaroo ;)
The ones that have towed cop cars have gotten major shit about it, even when legally towing a car. https://www.carscoops.com/2019/09/charges-dropped-against-repo-man-who-tried-to-tow-nypd-detectives-car/
Lol it's obvious you suffer from reading comprehension issues, as I explicitly stated that SOME states do, but most don't. So congrats, you found one. Maybe you can find another...but the sad truth is most don't. But you didn't even know that before starting, you just googled it and showed the first one you found. And you know the worst part? This job review is in Australia, where the actually do protect the younger population. But you didn't even know that, did you? Holy shit you are funny. Keep doubling down on dumb.
So, no. No real response then, thanks for playing, come again when you feel like getting spanked.
I love it. You're so wrong you've switched tactics entirely. You know you look dumb, so now you're trying to "troll". This also explains a lot, the huge amount of emojis, the fascination with "karma", as if that matters. You're a kid. Never mind you're at 40k while probably trying super hard, and I'm at 60k. But that doesn't even matter. What matters, is that we both know you sounded like an idiot. I even called the "doubling down on dumb", here we are again. Your "emoji" response just confirmed for me that you hated how dumb you looked.
Wow dude you really got spanked here by reddit Karma. Because that's important.
"He asked if I could find Ukraine on a map I said, 'Yes,' he called out for his aides to bring him a map of the world with no writing, no countries marked. I pointed to Ukraine he put the map away, he said, people will hear about this, and then he turned and said he had things to do, and I thanked him again for his time and left." OMG I'M DYING
I'm sorry it's hard to take you seriously with your spelling. Best of luck with your windfall, it seems like you're going to need the luck to avoid becoming like all those lottery winners.
I'd say at least half are fake Better than the 80% that are fake on here Or the 100% that she fake on choosingbeggars
Having an account opens the bank up to possible fraud. There's ECH fraud as well as paper check fraud. There's specific rules about "reversing" transactions. A lot of times banks eat the cost of disputed transactions, even if they give the person credit for their disputed transaction.
Wow that's crazy. No details as to why?
30b including true value of fighters. Lots of squads of T2 fibo's etc recalled at one fighter.
Lol, feed for an hour. Objective complete! Victory is theirs!
It's not about avoiding speeding tickets. They'll adjust the timers on stoplights that have speed cameras installed to be below legal requirements, then ticket people for being unable to stop safely in time. Or the camera's will be just plain wrong. Doesn't matter if the pictures show your car stopped completely, ticket is still generated and sent in the mail. Contest it, they're automatically rejected and you're told to pay up, all without a person even reviewing the incident. They'll install these cameras in the richer neighborhoods, claim they're for safety, while they conspicuously avoid the poorer neighborhoods that have higher accident rates. It's all a scam.
How about the fourth? The first? Jesus Christ. Every time you talk it makes me ask "Were you dropped on your head as a child?"
You crazy fucking RP'ers, godspeed
That doesn't sound true but I don't know enough about cat colors to make a determination either way.
Nah it's just the fw warzone
Please explain in detail what is "retarded" about ACAB, and I'll explain exactly why you're wrong. Also wtf is ancap
Filming without consent = bad Snooping = bad, but less so
Would've been better to have 25k of more defenses
Wtf just buy the rigging skill it's like a 1x skill!
Go ask your mom for rent money zoomer
Show us on the world map where America touched you
You're right, stealing money is illegal. However the semi-OP clearly stated from their wallet so...
Please explain how this could be illegal.
Recruiting agencies have marketed the shit out of themselves to companies, they've been indoctrinated that they're more effective. At my company it takes three months to post a position, let alone fill. A hiring manager calling the external recruiter is given a dozen resumes 5 minutes before a meeting and asked "what do you think?"
Most people on that rate commute in to SF.
Supercharge with steam exchangers, BAM 20%
IDK I play normal like a whimp I got steel out the wazoo once I get the 24hr shifts
Have fun with that while your coal stores go low and your citizens eat each other you heathen
God that last part of your comment. Is that what you tell yourself? That the guys who get attention are "pigs" while the "nice guys" like you are rejected as creeps?
Oh the moving part? Well no that's asinine but let's assume that it's easy. But the uprooting of your life, the loss of any support structure both emotional and financial, the search for a comparable job...yeah no.
Because in the US tipping is a well understood, established, and expected part of the cost of dining. Everyone knows the drill. If you didn't "tip" the price of food would just be higher. You're not saving money by abolishing tipping. So not tipping makes you stringy
Murder-Kill dwarf-things, yes yes!
He's going though a really hard time having been left by his wife,, that he probably loved, and is not processing his emotions as well as you seem to demand of him?
Maybe the third time will help you out, since you seem to not understand the question. How else will be held accountable?
Is there a reason you refuse to answer the question? I asked you first dude...it's pretty telling that you're doing all this handwaving trying to avoid the question...it's because you know you're wrong. You're not fooling anyone. No one is reading this except you or me, we both know you're full of shit. Why continue? You're just looking sad.
Walnut Creek is full of rich racist assholes, they're just usually pretty subtle about it.
Lol, get the boot from out of your throat. Police are not the "thin blue line" that separates society from chaos, police actively instigate and harm others at a rate thousands of times greater than they themselves get harmed. Don't call the fucking cops, unless you want someone to get shot
I work in a batch process environment in aerospace as quality, and the lack of understanding of statistics in my plant is mind boggling. Sometimes I want to give up, but people's lives are on the line so I can't.
50k/year is nothing, even in a poor state. Not worth going overseas for that shit
Oh I love this answer. Sometimes cops perform their sworn duties, that they're paid for, and this means that they shouldn't be held accountable for murder. Yea right buddy
Then delete or edit your post to take a negative stance against the violence perpetrated by police, it's acting as propaganda as it stands now.
Smartbomb rancer for a couple days, I got -10 fairly often back when
Brentwood police pulled me over, lying about my taillight being out (it wasn't) Then claimed they smelled marijuana (they didn't) Then claimed I had to answer their questions (I don't) Then claimed they were going to take and wreck my car (they can't) Then claimed I was a criminal for not assisting them (I'm not) Then they keyed my car. I complained to this very police chief, who basically told me to fuck off. Or maybe it was the previous one, they all look like assholes after a while.
At least this one doesn't use graphene...I think
It's the police, what do you think? After I tried to file a complaint I did get a phone call in the middle of the night threatening to murder my family. I was told I had to get a court order to find out who called. Unsurprising, I was unable to do so.
"Promissary estoppel" Anything else but helping this candidate seek legal compensation from the company means you're just full of shit.
Hey Jakhaan can you bring less of a piece of trash and just delete the post as it's clearly not Justice in any way, shape, or form?
Fucking Christ you're everywhere these days. Third spot in the wild in as many days Fuck tapi
Lets take this example to it's logical conclusion: A child-eating child-rapist kills a hundred children, gets off on a technicality, but occasionally pays for funerals. Let's admit that there's a certain point of bad where it's not even worth mentioning anything good they do. Now I'm not saying Mayweather is at that point, but if you agree the point exists the argument becomes "how close to the line is he" instead of what you said.
I still have a splinter from 25 years ago making a purple spot on my thigh. Fucker won't come out.
I used to play the shit out of the demo on PS1
Wierd, I never had a PS2 and I definitely played the shit out if this demo. Oh well, another mystery in life.
She doesn't get the tigers, they're moving to a new zoo
When do the people get to defend themselves from murderous thugs
If you watched the follow up episode to the series they were building a new zoo somewhere else. They being Jeff Lowe and his crew. So, zoo. Not sanctuary
Jesus Christ dude run Unless you're desperate
Huh? Are you ok?
Source? The only things I've seen turned out to be bullshit.
There very well may be, but people are usually wrong about the "laws" surrounding identifying themselves. Please provide the source for this claim.
Sorry let's clarify. He stated "it's also the law they have to identify themselves". They being the police. That's what I was asking the law for. Remember, policy isn't law. What you linked has to do with a citizen identifying to police.
OK, great. Unfortunately I'm seeing that there's no teeth to this law, which is probably the only reason it got passed.
Hmm?
It's illegal to video someone without the expectation of privacy, not consent. If it was consent, all the stores you walk past would he breaking the law when their cameras record you. They can record you because you have no expectation of privacy in public. The question is does the sub-letters have an expectation of privacy walking in their landlords backyard? IDK, consult a lawyer, it's not as simple as it sounds.
It's good that it's harder to hold cops accountable?
Sorry, you're reaching there. I get it, cops suck. Doesn't mean you need to be dumb while expressing that. There's an expression, keep it simple stupid (KISS). When you hear hooves, do you think horses or zebras?
Yes, a finance degree is overqualified. However I was a teller for a while with a BS in chemical engineering so what do I know, obviously.
You want someone who's going to stay in the job. If they're overqualified they'll leave sooner
Except for the whole...working at mcdonalds
It doesn't look true. Brow structure is different.
He's using his some as an object...in an argument. His kid was a prop, not a brace offering. You should feel bad for the kid for being abused by his dad as such.
*Tens of thousands of videos portray murderous cops over decades* *WaIt FoR aLl ThE eViDeNcE*
OK, so no, you're don't got shit.
That's what I thought. Thank you for this.
Ah ok, so the guy was battered by an armed criminal.
What? Agent Provocateurs are from France. We're America.
In my area it's actually codified as entrapment.
Every single time
I was talking to my father the other day and he starts off with this "they're just following orders!" bullshit, he just about lost his mind when I pointed that's what the Nazis used during the Nuremberg trials and it didn't work then. The cop apologist mindset doesn't ask itself if it's wrong, they just respond with further anger. Kindof like cops
lol
Myrmidon?
That's a lot of conscious effort to avoid a maymay
I love chicken bacon ranch smothered in ranch and Chipotle. I always have to beg and beg to keep putting on the sauce
Imagine having nothing better to do than to hang outside subways and holler at people going inside
Did you just say that???
who
Careful of the echo chamber that Reddit provides people. Even if the above person is telling the truth, that is definitely not the case everywhere.
Yes I've heard of a couple incidents where cops got in trouble because of the shit they did on camera. Not many, and not nearly as much trouble as you or I would get into if we'd done what the cops did, but such is life.
He said it took him years to rectify, not find out.
The difference is one is a commercial venture, which is the important part. And one is a public servant in the performance of their duties
What's it feel like to be so wrong?
Guy self censors his cursing to prevent repercussions Guy then says other people are hiding Great logic there
This writing was so familiar I had to find where I'd seen it before, so I did. https://i.imgur.com/SsoMk78.png This wouldn't happen to be your new account, attempting to evade a ban would it? It seems likely by the dumb-ass way you talk and try to hide your words that you're the same person.
If you're always calling everyone around you dumb, doesn't it seem like the common element in these cases would be you? No...no the problem can't be yourself, it MUST be other people right?
Except for the public servant performing their duties part, which makes all the difference. Swing and a miss
?
Isn't it already a crime to not leave a crime scene?
So your defense is that the RMT offered by your alliance is a very good price?
He has continually maintained his innocence. That's not "unrepentant". If the man has served his time then as a society they must release him. Anything else is a human rights violation. If he should never be released then the sentence must reflect this, but it doesn't.
There's no lore reason why don't bother
This isn't "IP sniping". You're freaking out at the mention of "IP" as most computer illiterate people do.
Best leg workout I ever had was hovering over a nasty public toilet. Must Not Let Butt Touch
House of suns is EXPLICIT about humanity not being the first. They regularly use the technology left behind from the "precursors".
That's not true other places, unfortunately. This was a movement designed to create a database of fingerprints of future money makers (prisoners)
This is trash.
Well you start eating right and exercising for a start, followed by personal grooming and taking an interest in how you dress. Then set your tinder profile to just be of your sweet abs and you'll get laid. Your shitty personality won't matter at that point because they won't be around long enough. I don't have any tips about your personality that's all on you.
Wtf are you talking about. 19 body cams took an entire years police department budget? Get the fuck out of here with that nonsense.
Look at every single video of police brutality. How many of the "good apples" intervene? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_wall_of_silence Police officers are more likely to cover up certain kinds of crimes by their colleagues. One study showed that excessive use of force was the crime most commonly shielded by the code.[2] Two studies suggest that some police feel that the code is applicable in cases of "illegal brutality or bending of the rules in order to protect colleagues from criminal proceedings," but not those of illegal actions with an "acquisitive motive."[11] https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/10439460500071721 https://www.metrotimes.com/detroit/breaking-the-blue-code/Content?oid=2169881
I'm the @me captain now
With all the documented cases of police planting "drop guns", documented cases of police plagiarizing, documented cases of "blue wall of silence", documented cases of cover up by police, documented cases of police murder, how in the world can you still give the police an iota of the benefit of the doubt? Coupled with the fact that they immediately destroyed the camera and confiscated the footage, prior to even having a warrant? LOL get real.
Any response /u/LikeThosePenguins
My companie's email is very straight forward, first.last@company.com. Every time I get a cold email from a recruiter who just guessed my work email I immediately have their entire domain blacklisted by the entire company. 50k+ employed worldwide.
Makes sense, more urban areas with higher crime rates tend to have lower hiring standards.
Even by your interpretation, no where does it state he must tell you on the side of the road, just that he must have it. Do you understand the difference? I get it, it sucks paying a speeding ticket, I've had to pay before and I get that money may be tight, but you really don't have a leg to stand on. You didn't even respond to the lower portion of my post. Is there a reason for that?
My dad does crazy shit when he's on Ambien, no memory whatsoever.
Eh, I've done shit drunk and was objectively mortified afterwards. It's an easy solution to the problem of responsibility when drunk but it's not true.
Define "prompt", and the punishment for breaking such responsibility and who enforces it. State agencies routinely ignore sunshine requests and force the requester to sue.
My reply was only to the parent above me. People do stupid shit they would objectively and subjectively find abhorrent after the fact, when drunk. The only reason "in vino veritas" is accepted is that it solves the problem of responsibility. It's not actually true.
Oh wow yea that's something I didn't even consider. Scary shit.
I think my spy alt got purged, I hardly play anymore. Screenshot thread?
...again....family's agreement doesn't mean shit.
I wouldn't have bothered with the last line, wasn't really relevant to the point you were making and it makes you sound like you can't code. I know it's probably true that it was an actual 3-hour test, but it doesn't look that way from a glance.
Just put what you want and move on *shrugs*
Unfortunately he's being targeting by a larger campaign that is following him wherever he goes. (or fortunately, I won't make that decision)
That's great, you resist and fight the good fight. Some people don't want to die though, or have families dependant on them
ThE CaSiNo WaR!1!1
