Stop stealing American industries, Jack Ma.
Did this come from a turbaque?
No V6.
Where do those cars even come from, bottom of the barrel auctions?
Try having the worst of both worlds, a military base and a lower-tier 4-year university next to each other. With these kinds of dealerships nearby.
Only if it's some European import. Especially if it's the kind that requires its own Service Position.
In other words, their official explanation for this mysterymeat.
Not everyone has money for keeping up with semi-arbitrary lifecycles.
I'll wait until it's not mysterymeat.
&gt; First of all, as @grsecurity points out, some comments in the code have been redacted, and additionally the main documentation file describing the work is presently missing entirely from the Linux source tree. So there's mystery meat running now.
One more reason to wait for the full docs.
Incomplete documentation on a patch.
Nothing yet. Just incompletely documented patches.
Until it's properly disclosed, none *and* infinite, per /u/chihuahua001.
Depending on how much infosec you do, there is Ohio Information Security Forum ([OISF](http://www.ohioinfosec.org)) amongst others in the area.
What counts as "observed"? * A CVE? * Intel Damage Control PR? * Documentation that isn't missing pieces (aka [stay tuned])?
I just hope that it's not another AES-NI all over again where Even More boxes are culled just for not supporting hardware feature X.
Pretty much. NCR is all but skeleton crew, ~~Lexis-Nexis~~ Reed Elsevier wants to slowly leave, R&amp;R is the farm team for a digital signage firm, and I'm not sure where Teradata, KMH, or MVH are going. If it's not Caresource, UD, or a base contract, things are not good. Short of being a checkbox or having prior academic involvement with UD, Dayton is nearly dead for tech. You're likely going to end up in Mason for "3 months" - for a staffing company of ill-repute (Vital, ATOS, Sogeti, Robert Half, or some Even Worse no-name) - *especially if you go with Dice/Indeed.* Yes, I've tried. Even a good academic (Wright State) and otherwise (SMB &amp; media conglomerate sized IT) can yield nothing within 2 years of a degree.
&gt; This is not an overall slowdown, it applies only to system calls. Programs that have to interact with the kernel very often will get much slower, while programs that don't will be largely unaffected. Which affects a good amount of cloud computing/virtualization-dependent businesses.
Intel hasn't said anything official yet.
&gt; This isn't some 16 year old kid with poorer gaming performance He's not getting off the hook either, given how online game servers operate on similar (if not same) equipment - to similar uptime standards.
VAC doesn't typically allow for appeals.
Don't get caught with poor horsemanship.
Overboost, not reset ;)
Let me know when GM gets back to making truck-body minivans.
Yet it's still a performance issue.
As stated downthread, it's Intel Damage Control.
AGW/Global Warming.
So leftist violence is fine. Got it.
Yet Vader still managed to deflect that blast and continued with the meal unharmed.
Good to hear. This month's meeting (next Thursday, January 11th) won't disappoint, especially in light of recent events.
Actually, that's been going on well before him.
&gt; We made it easier for people to report stories they think are false news &gt; We partnered with independent fact-checking organizations that review articles that might be false Which aren't even independent. &gt; We reduced the distribution of articles disputed by fact-checkers Who are not even fact-checkers. &gt; We launched a collection of features to alert people when fact-checkers have disputed an article, and to let people know if they have shared, or are about to share, false news Narrative enforcement, in a nutshell.
Has there been any real progress to reintegrate long-termers, or at least make it a pain to not hire them?
How much of that would end up in automation versus extra jobs?
They're awaiting commands.
Like him. He's going to have to look at the certainty that you can't shut people up for disagreement.
Nice, but let me know when large, sub-30k, American sized *cars* start making their way to electric - versus the exotic/golfcart split that exists now.
&gt; Sure, 2008 wrecked the city hard. It heralded the end of Dayton being for *everybody*. &gt; But it's coming back If you work for the base. Or for UD. Not really anyone else.
As long as you don't commit wrongthink.
They think the title is theirs before the season begins. UCF actually waited for the end of the season.
Only applies to the SEC.
So we're almost there, just not quite.
Yup. I wouldn't even consider any university on the West Coast, no matter their reputation otherwise.
Yes, but even an S-80 would probably not be enough.
I'm quite sure those books were about Harvard, not Trump University.
Electoral votes matter.
Given rationality, that would make sense. UBI without such restrictions would create a moral hazard.
They put merit behind Affirmative Action.
I want my extra two cylinders back though.
So Mission Impossible crossed with S1m0ne.
Now who said "Atlanta is ours, and fairly won." and what state did they come from?
Just cover it with a huge asterisk. It'll be fine.
That's because it's the Asterisk Bowl. (Alabama/Georgia fans: You can cut it out.)
Nobody.
Would be nice if they didn't neuter it with SafetyNet so that older devices could work with it.
From the site: &gt; We will also be bringing these experiences to Tez users in India—stay tuned.
This is Scientology tier stuff.
In short, yes. &gt; For example, in an effort to reduce CO2 emissions, CAFE standards set minimum gas mileage for new cars. Repeal and let manufacturers build to suit. If someone wants to build a mass-market land yacht, why should they be stopped?
Suing Google probably is the more likely case to prevail or result in settlement.
Bonus points for making it a BFOQ.
It's science. Even if you don't admit it.
He speaks truth. That's what makes him worth defending.
Between this, Damore, and their Guest Watchlist, it's not looking good for them.
I provide enough to look and decide for yourself. Whether you want to do so is your call.
So it can be reliably implied that lack of a party identifier == Democrat.
So they only give token left sites just to give the impression that it's not all conservatives.
Google is taking Scientology's litigative nature and ratcheting it up to 20.
You can restore an Android device to a version of your choosing. You have to hope you saved certain details of an Apple device + blocked updates to have a chance for the same.
Not with all those blown calls. You deserved better refs.
Before or after? I'd think it was worse *after*.
Let the games begin, and may they be in Damore's favor.
So basically they have a Wrongthink alert, known as Google's Watchlist.
On a 1-10 scale, Google goes to 20.
I'd like to know how the refs called the endzone interception "an incomplete pass". Ball didn't touch ground and it appeared that the Georgia player had gained control of the football.
Fair enough. I've just seen way too many 2.8 Berettas sold with blown gaskets as well as experiencing a "We don't know where the leak is, but you have a huge one" on a Regal w/ a L27 3800.
Would Google approve it though?
Sort of the same with the Regal, but it was quite fun to have a Civic-sized car with some actual grunt to it.
If it was Los Angeles, I'd have also suggested a [Liberator](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/gtawiki/images/e/e0/Liberator-GTAV-front.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/1000?cb=20160929162837) inspired wrap.
That's their HR/Diversity department.
Frame integrity is overrated.
&gt; At Huawei, we have the best technology and the best innovations Thanks to Nortel.
So someone wanted to create a dip and buy in it.
Let me know when there's an electric/hybrid Crown Vic with a mass-market price tag.
Any more Fortune 500 companies looking to relocate out of Dayton?
Good riddance to bad trash.
Wait until Rule 34 kicks in for 8K.
You know it's bad when every single fucking card above the $100 tier is being mined.
After you see all the details that you really didnt want to see in 4K, almost saw in 2K, and didn't know were there in 1080p.
No 16K cameras out yet? I'd think that the Red-tier manufacturers would have *something*.
Trump Derangement Syndrome is strong with the media.
Then they would no longer be communists.
If these countries are so wonderful, then why aren't people moving to them?
Does Amazon use a staffing agency to insulate themselves (like the US)?
Are you a proper Amazon employee or one of their more common agency workers?
So basically Amazon takes the worst of warehousing and cranks it up to 11. Wow.
New Orleans?
San Francisco's Castro district would be a good place - as it would be factual.
How's it feel to be forever in hatred?
Nice leftist propaganda, but try some facts sometime. If you want to see racism, see the attacks and smears on white people. If you want to see the fruits of your policy, go to Europe, where safety is not guaranteed - versus the US that you hate so much. Charlottesville: You fail to explain why the cops allowed opposing groups to mix, especially the violent and racist leftists. Usually the groups are kept separate to prevent incidents. But keeping order that way wouldn't generate the right optics - which was to gin up a fight while the cops watched. Arpaio: He's kept Maricopa County safer than his Mexico-approved successor. The country needs more of him to handle the illegal problem, not more amnesty.
Which is actually Heaven. On the other hand, leftists by virtue of their acts and prejudices, are more likely to be making a one-way trip to the lake of fire.
H&amp;M should just pull out of South Africa due to safety concerns.
No, that's San Francisco.
I hope even more of them put an end to the anti-white agenda by the left - by supporting and electing Arpaio.
Right on target.
She the same one that sent boilerplate letters to Americans having to train guest workers?
Nice blocking, New Orleans.
Slip enough cash to do a swap, instant automatic Bullitt.
Nothing to fix the [stay tuned] block of code?
Which would fail.
AI.
&gt; Trump didn't change once he was in office He didn't have to care about pleasing megadonors like his opponents. That afforded him the ability to do one thing nobody else does - fight smears and accusations. &gt; every single one is complicit ...in the prosperity and unity of the US. The anger hasn't come from Trump voters, but from Leftists being denied what was thought to be theirs. Ironically, some of the most violent and vitriolic behavior has come from Bernie voters. I'm proud to be complicit in the return of prosperity, opportunity, and inclusion in the US - by voting for Trump. &gt; Racist, divisive, dismissive, self-aggrandizing, and utterly unconcerned with any details of policy The DNC in a nutshell. All they care about is dividing people into tribes (aka Affinity/Interest Groups + various alphabet letters) and having them duke it out for spoils. If they see someone attempting escape, they act true to their antebellum ancestors form - targeted political/career destruction.
Quite well, actually.
It hasn't even stopped.
&gt; bullshit. Say that to the Steinle family. Or any family having no justice due to an illegal doing the 50000m dash. &gt; That's the Democrat's fault now? Yes. Obama thought they were the JV team. Amateurs that he thought could be taken with locals, but ended up having some professional handling of American equipment. Or perhaps you would like to explain his veiled hatred for white people, "second-term flexibility", and creation of crimes from whole cloth (Title IX abuse, partially killed off by DeVos). Or even the big honking pile of cash given to Iran.
So a lawmaker, businessman (of things not involving controlled substances), a justice on the Supreme Court, and Press Secretary aren't good role models? Or someone inspired to carry on the idea of judging someone by the content of their character instead of their skin? If you wanted something more direct, Thomas Sowell's economic and social lessons provide examples of how special carve-outs for diversity don't work. Or how multigenerational, fatherless welfare doesn't work. &gt; Those are black conservatives, doesn't mean they are doing anything for black people. Kinda like having a Jewish lawyer it's a hollow token. Do individuals not have a [sense of agency](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense_of_agency) extending beyond a group defined by skin color? &gt; Not even funny, total break from reality, sounds pretty racist to me That's not my problem. That's squarely with the reality-detached communities within the DNC and Silicon Valley - for they do everything to destroy people that aren't on message.
The same 4T65e that got mated to an Aurora's Short North?
No holes in the undercarriage or near rear wheel well?
They know how to make chrome plated wheels into consumables.
Yes, but combining the worst of an SSD and spinning disk? Give me 7200 RPM or a 10K/15K SAS instead.
Pretty much. Assuming lawful conduct and no homelessness, where do these people end up?
They'll be replaced with conservatives. Not Third World apologists.
As long as HQ2 would demonstrate their helpfulness to all of Ohio, fine.
&gt; Buying inside the belt is insanely annoying and expensive already. Even the North Linden neighborhood? That area has declined sharply.
&gt; Amazon has been putting in a lot of money into Ohio in the form of distribution centers. Not exactly positive, given that few ever are proper Amazon employees.
&gt; service contractors Not exactly the best kind of work.
There aren't that many jobs (including incidentals) in a datacenter. A second HQ would mean a lot more.
One more reason to go for Android. You don't need the company's blessing just to write an app.
That's not how Howard Dean looks.
The 2016 election in a nutshell.
So they're following the St. Elizabeth playbook, save for demolishing more.
&gt; The skill shortage IS real. Only for overly entitled/picky employers. Adjust requirements to saner levels for the equivalent pay. Consider training upwards as well. The sympathy just isn't there. &gt; visa crackdowns. The more, the better. That will help fix the above problem - as people will see opportunities, not contempt.
Other countries don't count births the same way as the US.
Or bleep the living bleep out of mining.
Let me know when the ground bends on itself.
Staffing agencies. They only serve to dodge benefits.
Mirrors aside, that's not bad at all.
You're making it worse by enabling miners.
You might as well take the hit and do workstation cards.
&gt; we will start to see more US releases for Nokia. More flagships, or more WTF-tier?
If Nokia comes out with a true-to-form 1020 successor (read: &gt;41MP native sensor), I'd be happy.
No one to fill them and nobody to develop into that position?
You assume it's practical and wrongly assume he's solely at fault.
It's a shortage of employers that dont have an entitlement mentality towards absurd qualifications.
A parade of people without depth or warmth.
I bet you're getting some straw buyers.
Not really. It removes buyers from the market.
They revoke the warranty for anyone they deem fit. Then blacklist them.
Since when was cryptomining an intended use?
Any way they deem fit. This can be done by: * Quantity limits * Warranty restrictions * Discounts for turning in miners * (Larger retailers) Using machine learning/AI to find cryptominer purchases.
Which is why NVidia and AMD (and their downstream partners) have to kill this cold.
Apply a large enough penalty towards cryptomining on non-mining-marketed cards.
Which makes things worse for the manufacturers.
Mining would be a subset of that. Never mind that some manufacturers are already bad enough on warranty service.
ITT: Lots of cryptomining apologists that don't know/care about the consequences of non-ASIC mining.
It removes the resale value out of the card. Who would want to pay $1000+ for a card that's halfway dead and isn't supported by the manufacturer?
The last round didn't claim every single card down to midrange/low-tier. Time for the miners to suffer.
Apologizing for miners doesn't make the problem go away. Nuking warranties from orbit can.
Any way they wish.
Start yanking warranties.
Shove the resellers in with them.
Then they get a notice that they're cut off from video card sales.
This is how you get regulated out of existence.
Icarus would like to have a word with you.
So a glut of shit quality cards from sketchy places helps us how?
Low quality as in cards only being available as used with no real support.
The EU already has issues with mining that make it unprofitable.
Energy costs, taxes?
&gt; If a company ever charged someone more based on what they were using the item for no one would shop there again simple as that Depends on the added value. People still buy Teslas despite not being able to do much reverse engineering. &gt; Who gets to decide if I’m telling the truth? The truth police? Contracts and arbitration. If you bought the product and wished to use it, you likely agreed to some sort of terms.
Manufacturers: Here's the contract you agreed to by using the product, including arbitration.
Wouldn't be surprised if it did creep in for new sales. Given some manufacturers, they wouldn't care.
Using a product against intended purpose would give manufacturers an out.
Prosecution of the person that reports a crime.
Moving more units is good, but not pissing off your target market is better. This is where market segmentation is a good thing.
Which would attract undue attention their way, as the market for new cards would dry up.
Which largely would do nothing to the miners gobbling nearly every single dedicated chip. Would be amusing to see the AI/ML side of these GPUs help smack some sense back into graphics card prices.
&gt; Fallacy: Price gouging will bring lots of capital to the gaming and gpu industry. You will get better and cheaper cards Not when it's been affecting nearly every card for a sustained rate. The sooner that the mining is confined to dedicated hardware, the better.
No thank you, there's already way too many of them.
Not really. They could afford to hard drop the mining customers. Do that, and they'd have a lot more sales from regular people.
Bullshit. I'll believe it when it happens.
Not soon enough. Pigs get fat and hogs get slaughtered. The miners fall in the latter category.
Some bad actors(crypto coin miners) are making cards impossible to buy.
Too easy to EoL perfectly fine processors on ARM - due to a lot of closed up parts.
They caused the problem.
Sony managed to make it work well for their Z3+.
Again, not soon enough. No benefit has come from mining to anyone else - and used up cards with diminished warranties don't count.
But when will prices drop back to saner levels?
It damages their brand if theres a sustained pressure to double the price of cards. They're shoving people onto subparagraph 1050/1060 for what normally is served by 1080s.
Effectively forcing everyone onto the bottom tier cards just isn't going to fly in 2018. It might have in 1998.
With a need for a 10' Tall Load banner up top.
Mathematical transformations are something different from rare metals. Every new altcoin is like discovering a new rare metal, but with only mathematical limits. Unfortunately, these altcoins don't have a ready use beyond a medium of exchange - which puts them at a disadvantage.
&gt; re: Bitcoin benefiting the miners It's not going to result in better hardware for gaming.
Yes, but mining has been enough of a distortion to warrant last-resort measures.
Miners are fickle.
So where does that leave their intended market (not mining)?
At least if you want something that doesn't have more abuse than a taxi.
Their choice to suffer. But only ShariaBlue would see it as a bad thing to be outside the TPP.
Nice cookie cutter argument, but try something more original.
It's just narrative control insurance, not an actual security measure.
Which makes the fault of assuming that employers are blameless and workers are always at fault.
Still rare birds.
But he will follow Europe in its slide to ruin. Looks like the doctrinaire leftists came to show their reflexive displeasure.
Apologizing for mining won't help you. Curtailing the negative effects of mining on the GPU market will. Gobbling up entire product lines for significant amounts of time just paints a huge bullseye on mining itself. All it leaves are overpriced and overworked cards.
His family tree first. Then the family trees of his fellow leftists.
They distort every market they touch. It's one thing to apologize for one or two blips - it's another to defend entire product lines being gobbled up for months. It's even worse when used cards get targeted as well.
Enforcing signed firmware for video cards \+ active measures would go a long way to killing that RSN. It doesn't have to be perfect, but something that makes the resultant modification not profitable at scale.
What will change it is if the entire supply chain finally plays hardball. APUS and worn-out cards cannot fill the gaming demand.
Which won't be getting much higher until miners are dealt with.
Can Crysis run Skyrim?
Give it to a pig.
I don't think you're going to be able to fit a town in that one.
Not sure, but they pulled it out of their....
The rest of the world moves backwards.
Cryptocoin mining on GPUs coming to an abrupt halt.
Looks like you never left it given your history.
A true "irresistible force meets immovable object" situation.
No way to get the dealer to custom order that?
Yet people still want to try the ideology leading to that.
Nothing wrong with putting the Chapel back in Chapel Hill instead of letting it become like Asheville, Carrboro, or Durham.
&gt; Miners and other things will also completely fuck the market, but thats a whole different story. If they were to go all out on miners, they'd be the brand of choice. They are going to be a long-term menace and there are plenty of architectural changes that could frustrate them enough to not buy up every damn card. Besides, a card in hand is better than the faster card you can't get.
Apparently you've not dealt with divorces, gone to college, or tried to find work in tech or government. The last 8 years has not been good to men, much less citizens. And it looks like that gilded poster never left.
As in reversing moral decline that has come from the cities going leftward.
They've been resourceful enough to clear months worth of inventory. It wouldn't hurt to use that scale against them.
Their ideas cannot stand when criticized.
In the case of a riot, they take the form of agent provocateurs.
Not interested in making the problem worse. Even if I'm fixed income. Second, I'd rather have a mining-immune card.
When the product wasn't made for that purpose, rewarding it doesn't help.
Of course the cops are going to prosecute, they're Stasi!
I'd settle for a compromise - RWD V6/V8 land yachts done up in electric @ $25-35k. Full dash, varying trim, other options. That, and I'd sure like to see a Crown Vic in electric if only for the purpose of humiliating Ford for killing it ;)
Make it something worth studying for citizens, versus something that is targeted for offshore outsourcing fraud and abuse. While the MIT folks get easy jobs, their state-educated equivalents face a much more challenging path in that respect. Innovation by citizens should be encouraged as a first priority, not as a secondary one. Do that, the rest will take care of itself.
Not worth the expense of putting citizens in second place. Currently, this already happens with rampant offshoring fraud and abuse. I'll take a much stricter policy if it means that citizens can actually get a return on their degree - especially for state school graduates. To not do so will only make the eventual policy that much more worse for you.
&gt; what's up with the U.S. and science? Offshoring fraud and abuse. Why study for something that won't pay out?
All seems well for now.
Practicality is force enough.
Newcomers, not existing residents.
That, and they like to use staffing agencies to dodge benefits - warehousing and IT alike.
There's still plenty to do. Void warranties, make cards unprofitable to reflash, actively design silicon to break non-pixel loads, call for suppliers to fire the people making side deals to miners.
Maids, butlers, temp work == the bad part of the service industry.
Some idiot thought it was a nice idea to make ASIC resistant loads.
The longer this goes on, the less one can trust the GPUs when it does crash.
Thank the miners. They're why everything is screwed up. Once we start seeing some mining-hostile silicon, we might be getting somewhere.
It's true.
So you want to kill your card and make things worse?
Apologizing for mining is why we're *still* in this mess.
It'd be like everything down to DDR2 being swallowed up.
I'd have settled for a "begone thot", but that's fine.
Worn out cards.
Some of us like our cards to render pixels, not be worked to death.
So you want him to contribute to the problem, void a warranty, and make a card die sooner?
The climate changes over time - as a result of nature.
[You were saying](https://www.pny.com/File%20Library/Support/PNY%20Products/Warranties/GeForce%20Graphics/3-Year-Limited-Warranty.pdf)? &gt; **THIS WARRANTY SHALL NOT APPLY WHERE PRODUCT(S) ARE USED TO ANY DEGREE, OUTSIDE OF NORMAL INTENDED USE, WHICH SHALL INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO “MINING” (e.g., Cryptocurrency, Data Mining, Mining Farms).** They're not the only ones with an out if they deem it to be from mining. At that point, you're at the mercy of existing laws and the manufacturer's whim.
Uh, no. No need to put it on something like that.
&gt; she's a (redacted)... That says more about you to use *that* term.
I hope that they keep the Eurotrash out of Chrysler.
Someone has to make actual American cars with full displacement engines.
Repeal the 1965 Immigration Act and its 1990s/2000s additions. Replace with a points system like Australia. The best still get in while making duressed knowledge transfers unprofitable.
Inflated hardware prices and low inventories make it a problem. If this was memory, we would be only able to buy DDR2.
...and continue to ruin it for everyone. This is a literal case of "this is why we can't have nice things".
No thanks, not interested in cursed artifacts.
Iowa loses scholarships based on selling price of jerseys; only fair way to do it.
Not with the complex CPU carriers.
&gt; A public forum initially set for March has been moved up to February. With no assurance that DPS will listen to anything said in it, if the parents are any guide. Hopefully that's not the case and they're just doing preparation work for the parents' input.
Ellis Island had no issue with thoroughly vetting people. Why not do the same with a points system today? Besides, it'd be more humane than putting people in debt and not being able to gain citizenship.
So what did the third airline do that made it OK for him to go on- empty flight?
Assuming that US buyers are given a voice beyond the owner's manual.
Ask UNC Chapel Hill that one.
This one. Just saying that you should be thankful that NVidia isn't making faulty chips.
No.
You're part of the problem. If anything, they need to start making miner hostile silicon.
It only has to ward off the miners. Right now, a nerfed card is a lot better than ones that aren't available.
Only if they're equipped with I4s.
Rejecting orthodoxy != smear.
Just because he doesn't accept orthodoxy doesn't mean he's any worse. Helpful suggestion: Perhaps you might want to show how people can still get what they well want despite recommended policies - versus asking them to shoulder a sacrifice. For example, show how [x] still lets you have the American-sized [y] without having to pay a king's ransom.
They have admin sanction.
Except that r/the_donald users haven't brigaded. But they've been on the receiving end of /r/LateStageCapitalism brigades.
Actually, no. But don't let your leftism get in the way.
&gt; I’m particularly proud of how far our Community, Trust &amp; Safety, and Anti-Evil teams have come. We’ve steadily shifted Just call them Narrative Control. Oh, and go fuck off /u/spez
Would rather see him get full-size cars (read: not golfcart or dashless 3) down to saner levels. It'd make the lack of a 6-cylinder engine tolerable.
It's r/the_donald and the only thing to do is to remove the fetters from it.
The only /r/The_Donald issue is the code written to silence it.
Looks like some leftists brigaded your post.
Only if it purges all the leftists =)
Extreme minority. Oh, and conservatives wouldn't find any dislike.
So more leftist agitprop.
200-300% is more than "a bit more".
I see a lot of "Notify Me" and only one overpriced card.
Better to design coin-hostile silicon than to expect an end to it. If not that, why not just fill wait-list orders?
Mining doesn't generate money for complementary products as much as gaming or generic computing. Having to drop $1200 for a GPU means less money for boards, SSD, memory, monitors.
Not following establishment != compromised. Targeting his with tariffs is. Arguably, a better case could be made to say that the establishment GOP/DNC are compromised. They're willing to impede an administration that they cannot control. They're willing to support criminal gangs over lawful citizens. They're willing to support tariffs to recapture lost constituencies.
Which is an attempt to buy influence through harming voters.
&gt; Simplistic and not supported by economists, history, or the current situation. The 1980s and Art Laffer's economics work stand as counterpoints.
At this rate, you might as well just try to get Lenovo to sell you a TAA spec ThinkPad.
A whole lot of leftist organizations, with less than a handful not compromised like the SPLC.
I'd like to know how you'd get the room for it.
Would MIS fall outside that? Would like to skip the contractors/CTH if at all possible for (re)entry level work.
An X62 follows the original intent more than a T25.
Truth in advertising?
Imagine 670 as an even messier tangle of roads between 315 and 71N. Then add today's traffic to it.
From the 1970s to the early-mid 1990s. If you thought 670 was bad now, imagine about a mile of nothing but tangles.
See my clarification above. I'm wanting to know if it's possible/realistic to *avoid* permatemping as a means of re\-entry.
I wonder if they check for virtual machines, given the damage caused by their software.
At least they didn't try to turn I\-70 &amp; 71 into a [pure](http://www.roadfan.com/bergend.html) [innerbelt loop](http://www.roadfan.com/mound-sand.html). Not only would you have 4 spaghetti intersections, you'd have a LOT of traffic on Mound Street. Edit: added links to Bergend plan and West Split
Now imagine if they built the inner I70/71 loop where all four corners are that way, all four sides are both 70&amp;71, one side is also 315, and I70 comes in through Spring-Sandusky. Not only are you stuck in the mess of spaghetti, so is your navigation system.
&gt; Women still have the final say in whether they *commit murder*. The child never was asked, which makes it murder. Never mind that said child can feel the pain of the procedure and make it well known. The existing arguments attempting to reclassify it as "not murder" rely on moving the goalposts on the definition of life. Move it one way to exclude abortion, move it the other when you want to count lif
Which is only valid for existing product lines.
France can easily be replaced, given that many of their industries are foreign controlled or foreign owned.
Illegal Aliens, not "~~immigrants~~". It's safe to say that the photo taker is of the far left.
Without consistent application of policy, you won't get advertisers.
China prepared for that by bringing in military from far away regions. That way, it would be easier for them to kill people they didn't know and ignore any pleas for mercy. They would have done the opposite had it been a countryside movement - where military from urban regions would be brought in to quell rural uprisings.
Tiananmen all but made the country more apprehensive about freedom.
On the basic point, it is correct. Instead of trying to fire people for different beliefs, with intent of destroying their lives, you give less reason to express hatred. You remove the ability to scapegoat a particular group if they aren't causing harm or are given a cause to do so. In addition, it saves money from suboptimal uses, such as multigenerational "reparations" payments. Instead of having to continually pay off people, that money could be used instead to provide them gainful employment, education, or other productive/charitable endeavors. The only people that would lose would be those that profit from continual division and struggle - as they are invested in maintaining it.
I wonder how Lineage II \(a well\-known Korean MMO gone mobile\) would play on it, given that it lends itself too well to grindfests.
Now sweeten the deal with mobile workstation chips.
That eclipses the FX9590 (220W).
&gt;They have 6 buildings on their campus. One is completely empty. 2 more are on the way to empty Explains why they have the "space available" signs. &gt;They had more layoffs this past Friday. They lay off less than 50 at a time so they don't have to report it. It's probably the only thing they've learned from NCR \- leave slowly and quietly.
Government connected work aside, where does that leave Dayton? I can't imagine that SMEs, contractors and the like can hold up the region.
Fixed your errors in judgment. &gt; “A good judge has lost his job for doing his job” Cordell said. “This does not bode well for the judiciary, and maybe for the rest of the country.” Change the law, not the judge - as the mob is fickle and will not always be in your favor.
&gt; It’s not mob rule. The judge was removed by legal means The social consequences are that judges are pushed to ignore or bend the laws to placate the mob. That is effectively a conversion from a rule of law to rule by angry mob. That, and the mob can always go the *other* way. What would happen if the US decided to not honor California-derived verdicts &amp; punishments after letting it secede from the US?
&gt; for replies to people looking for IT jobs, most of the replies were IT support, helpdesk, NOC type of works. Which are rare to nonexistent for anything not connected with the base.
So you apologize for the angry mob. I get it. May the Persky and Turner families lead good and just lives, if only to deny the mob its ultimate desire to destroy them.
Yet the judge is still pressured to provide politically pleasing verdicts and sentences. They'll be pressured to follow the Duluth Model as if it were law or formal doctrine, even if existing law says otherwise.
In a sealed box, dropped into a live volcano.
Wise choice. Easier to maintain.
&gt; distaste of the Kathleen Kennedy SJW Industrial Complex. That's not automatically "toxic". It can be said that the new series tries to force something not exactly natural in that regard.
So what's the equivalent of not kneeling in Star Wars?
My point is that I've seen the series as a continuous battle between dark and light, instead of someone's pet social cause. I'm a fan of the original three, fine with the prequels, and barely there with the seventh. There was plenty of room for the Extended Universe to play out future series while trying to capture new fans.
Explain. I'm not exactly following that reference.
She expected a coronation, but ended up witnessing Trump's election.
Perfect for kindling. Or lining a birdcage.
For each promise fulfilled, he is that much closer to becoming a greater figure in history.
&gt; Not understanding what you are saying here. Who is they? Which town? What’s the price? The Stanford/Berkeley population asking the residents of Turner's hometown (Oakwood) to apologize for the sins of a single person and join a fever pitch against those daring to question it. There is your "who" and "what price". &gt; You say the judge is being steered away from justice Yes, given that they'd go overkill to not risk angry folks in Palo Alto. &gt; rape apologists. Thanks for demonstrating my point that I stated above. Just because I don't fall in line with the fever pitch of Stanford doesn't mean apologist. &gt; Worried cops and judges are going to have to ***follow broken assumptions of the Duluth Model*** if they want to keep their jobs. Fixed that for you. Santa Clara would be fine with Persky if it was the other way around - or even if the accusation was false (Title IX accusation abuse). &gt; "But but they voted for it!" Legality doesn't give you a rubber stamp on this one. It just says they voted a certain way. Besides, they're only concerned about the law when they need to stop their opponents - especially in light of other laws. &gt; "widely regarded". For very narrow and selective values of that phrase.
Welcome to the party, pal. Also looking to escape Dayton for Columbus for the right price.
&gt;**we find a fatigued, disposable workforce assembling gadgets for Amazon** While an equally fatigued, disposable workforce warehouses it for a staffing agency.
Then you wonder why people have a very sour taste for contract\-to\-hire and anything involving a staffing agency.
Something says that we're not seeing the whole story.
Had it when it was horrible for GM. Bad enough that it leaked off one corner for an otherwise proper job. Insisted another car go with anything but Fuyao due to it. Ended up with a Pilkington window that survived to the car's scrapping. (That and I didn't exactly like the city of Moraine announcing Fuyao's presence at the last second)
So doxing is OK if you're leftist?
He wasn't too fond of the conduct of the virtue signalling Pharisees, which acted much like today's left. Or the the leftists' companions at Sodom and Gomorrah, whose immorality was rewarded with fire, brimstone, and lots of salt sculptures.
&gt; Chomsky acolyte site. &gt; Site run by an Ayers-connected foundation. You're not doing well when you double down on bias. On the other hand, you are proving a point that the left will destroy those who leave their fold. Horowitz defended the left before he learned that the facts did not support his beliefs.
Except that she isn't delivering facts, but favorable leftist narrative - as their "sources" sing the same tune.
If UD is involved in a property deal, it's guaranteed to be shady.
No certs. Would be amenable to less years and no certs.
Not unless it's a hard prerequisite like Security+ for government work.
Only if you are trying to defend a narrative. When you notice that they only use leftist-friendly sources, nothing holds up to scrutiny. Their arguments always boil down to an irrational dislike of Trump, no matter how many stories they include. They would likely make an argument in the opposite direction even if it was the weather - parading their usual length of CNN/ABC/CBC/Reuter/Buzzfeed "sources". I'd consider them as suspect with this in mind.
That'll buff right out.
T500 with 1920x1200 isn't too shabby either ;)
Which is eaten up by living costs and instability. Contractors. Not even once.
You're getting the US jobs that were forcibly transferred to India. Basically, the stuff that was used to make people 250k capable. Not exactly a good outcome. It cuts off entry/legacy paths in the US while stifling progress over there.
What I meant specifically was that the sub-$100k work has been largely sent off to places like India, Philippines, Eastern Europe, Costa Rica, and the like. These would be jobs that normally would launch the beginning of the $250k careers, versus leetcode all the way down. The reason I've said it was forced, is that the displaced individuals have their severance (amongst other things) held for knowledge transfer, sometimes with third party contractors.
Good luck with having anything else hardware wise work with it, or have it operate as you wish. I'll choose my device on something that isn't as hell bent on getting in my way. In my case, it's Android with SafetyNet forcibly subverted.
730T: Doesn't run Linux, but is one of the older tablet models. T601f: Has 4:3 Flexview and boots in under 10s. T61P: Looks and runs like new. T500: Conversion to 1900x1200 and no NVidia GPU. x220t: Wanted a tablet and IPS screen. W520: Lenovo wouldn't sell me a W701ds. W540: Runs cooler than the W520.
...by a European entity nonetheless.
The Audi Service Position isn't worth that much ;)
He's anti-citizen/constituent given his willingness to put Ohioans at a disadvantage. Instead of enacting policies that help constituents, he'd rather sell them out.
&gt; hate doesn’t work Someone should have told that hateful crowd around a person's peaceful dinner. Apparently they're fine with hatred if it suits their cause. &gt; they’re still human ...traffickers and criminals.
False premise.
No root no care. At the very least, just allow someone to make the keyboard without the baggage.
Illegals &amp; ineligible felons don't count. Subtract them, end up with correct total. Oh, and the number in contention is \~3m+, specifically in states that consider voter ID to be an issue. Not zero.
OnFireGL graphics card?
Replaced by 100 more developers.
The same UN that has Saudi Arabia, China, and Venezuela speaking about human rights.
One more reason for displacement.
&gt;I think it's a very bad thing, and I don't think businesses should do it. An important component of the protection of freedom of expression is the protection from social consequences. People aren't truly free to express their beliefs if they fear being ostracised for it. Agreed. What took decades (if not centuries) to bring people together is being undone in a few years - purely for political sport.
It's my go-to for absurdly large stills. My Sony Xperia XZ1 handles the rest, especially with motion and 4K video. My only gripe is that it takes too good of photos for image hosts. Reddit &amp; Imgur clobber the finer details too much.
That first requires someone that is *untouchable* and a government that is responsive. Quite hard to do that when the country is a narcostate that's effectively ruled by multiple drug/human trafficking groups.
Now that is definitely doable.
The civility of the left.
The Michigan Salt Basin has nothing on this salt formation.
Waste of a good Suburban too.
Nice excuse, but I'd file this as another hoax.
&gt;The Capitol Police is investigating the death threats against her. That means two things: 1. Her political status managed to override any concerns about credibility. 2. Cancellations by the left have been proven to be based on hoaxes.
Except for where she advocated for the things that have happened at a Mexican restaurant and at various personal residences. Instead of advocating for calmness and civility, Ms. Waters encourages the lack of it. She knows what she said and how it would be taken by her intended audience.
Another problem, another threat.
Any discounts without the nickel and dime service?
Good market, no long gap in formal employment?
Just was saying that the blue ones were likely to be clones by Dell.
That's what happens when you let them use staffing firms.
&gt; However I don't believe we have such a man leading us, Unfortunately for you, we do. He's just not globalist enough for you.
Sounds like some of that might be portable =) (keyword being *some*)
So you want to steal from Peter to pay Paul just so that Paul doesn't suspect his pocket being picked?
Which already existed with fuel taxes.
&gt; While Windows Core OS can run legacy Win32 programs, it can only do so if they are containerized or are from the Store. As such, Microsoft has been focused on getting as many Win32 programs into the Microsoft Store as possible during the last couple of years. This means there will be a library of Win32 programs for users to take advantage of on Windows Core OS devices like Centaurus. So it's another rehash of Windows 10 S and RT :(
0-60:feet uphill
Naturally, just as it is in: * Florida with Broward County. * Arizona. * California.
Except for his spreading of false claims.
Not everyone enjoys the nickel-and-dime for each person/device.
Seamless licensing schemes are fine. Plex has yet to use one.
Dodging benefits tends to attract low-quality people.
Not everyone gets that rare opportunity to offset benefits dodging.
With more instability.
Defense contracting is (by design) hard to send offshore. Tech contracting has benefit-dodging everywhere.
It doesn't have half the problems wrt benefits dodging that the private sector does.
&gt; "Compass Management" Sounds like a certain large southeastern media conglomerate as well.
Looks like it has a rollover port though.
&gt; Pizza hut used to be big here back in the day I recall them being catered in way too regularly for Oakwood's schools.
Ask them to do a rush order for 200-300 people and you might have enough to coat an average sized hand.
Then you lose economies of scale.
They set the tone for others to follow. If they don't want regulators Doing Things, then they can opt for a more friendly yet profitable approach.
That's why we have an Electoral College.
Israel &amp; Saudi Arabia pretty much refutes this article. Their walls (and Israel's Iron Dome) *work* at keeping people out of those respective places. Also, if walls are bad then why do well to do leftists have them on their own properties and gated communities? Unless this lady (and other leftists) is willing to open her property without borders of any kind, she is inconsistent with her logic. &gt; Border Patrol concerns &gt; The wall would cost $31.2 billion The more reason to build it *now*. There's no shortage of citizens that could be tasked to it - especially those that have seen their jobs go offshore. &gt; fears of East Germany No, the Israel &amp; Australia models will do just fine. &gt; CATO/NRO attempt. They're establishment, not conservatives.
The majority of states (Electoral College) wanted him to be President. You picked the wrong "majority", which also relied on ineligible voters.
No 1020, if only for the PureView sensor?
Not unless they're willing to go after staffing agencies.
Opportunity to subscribe to another service.
King George would be proud of you for being such a Loyalist. &gt; Rural people. It makes sure that their vote isn't nullified by the largest metropolitan areas in the US. It gives them a chance to be heard at the federal level. The current prejudice against rural people from urban populations is an even more important reason to give them more of an impact.
Unfortunately the TPP was a bunch of mysterymeat designed to short the US like NAFTA did with the Midwest.
Mont Alto Volcano.
Now do it without a turbo.
Only if you believe JAMF puff pieces.
Only in theory. In practice, not so much.
Wrong Le Pen.
...they're telling environmentalists to pound sand =)
Back to the Future.
My Westmere Xeons would like to also have a word, albeit being overkill.
King George would love your Loyalist position.
So you support racism against whites. That's even worse. If you DD to one, you do it to all with no special preference.
Yes you can since you didn't quote the definition(s): &gt; prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior. &gt; racial prejudice or discrimination That definitely includes discrimination against white individuals, going by Merriam Webster. What you quoted refers to an alternative interpretation that excludes race (except when it fits belief).
Not surprised to hear such accusations.
Sanctions look like they're working if they're throwing Carter era insults.
&gt; otherwise marginalize them so their views do not go into practice. Silicon Valley, especially Google as of late, already does this.
So basically USB-C.
Romania, Chile and East Germany, as well as other Iron Curtain countries.
Karl Popper can also be used against leftists.
No, it does. Affirming and defending Christianity via Leviticus 18:22 doesn't make you less of a person.
This shows that Toledo (and other cities like Dayton) are not concerned about driver safety. If they were concerned about driver safety, they wouldn't sue the state.
Usually in places like Portland, Berkeley, and other heavily left places.
Disagreements on pay. Employers don't want to pay for developed country wages at entry level skill levels.
Mr Fusion, laptop edition.
Given LSU's Ohio connection (Burrow), I can support that.
You misspelled leftists.
Refusing to believe climate orthodoxy is not a problem
&gt; When France had their revolution The French tried that and ended up with a system that defends European aristocracy.
Good odds that the IT systems were maintained by TFW's and not their own citizens.
Good to see that Iran is telling us that they fear President Trump. On the other hand, sympathy for the Iranian government is inexcusable.
The problem is that it won't do anything against staffing agencies.
&gt; Lol getting back into the H-1B Visa game again?? Wouldn't be surprised to see the main campus (Fairborn) shaft its students even more by doing so. Now where's the pipeline for IT/CS that doesn't involve Wright Patterson or a government entity? Defense contracting or healthcare can't save everybody. (repeated downvoting by whomever isn't going to make their case any better)
Nice if you can get one of the few aerospace jobs, not so much for anyone else.
&gt; Still ground to cover (like either low-end jobs or retraining of GM-era cast-off workers). I wouldn't forget those who were cast off by NCR, Lexis Nexis/RE, or other similar large firms. There were and still are people that haven't found work from 2008-2010. &gt; recent service and hospitality growth Maids and butlers won't make up for Dayton's losses.
If the so called elites won't do it, hand it to state school grads, people displaced by guest worker abuse, and others who have trouble finding work in tech these days.
Another success story with a W530. * Flashed IVprep to get it to the right version. * Reset to defaults. * Set boot to UEFI. * Flashed 1vyrain rev1. So far, so good even with ME/AMT enabled.
See upthread. Used IVprep + settings reset + UEFI only boot + 1vyrain. Didn't patch the EC due to no need for its patches. The precision (chiclet) keyboard is fine and I don't want battery issues down the road.
Same lack of private sector employers as Dayton?
King Northam by the way he acts.
I don't spell Michigan with an X though, so you have that and a lead on the overall record.
Thank globalization and unchecked immigration policy (guest worker programs, offshoring).
Good luck. Even if you took over Fox, conservative news sources like OANN would take its place.
Silicon Valley has enabled it in the US by allowing outrage mobs to push for the firing of people.
From the same company that goes to great lengths to discourage self repair.
T60 would be more reliable given the GPU soldering issues on the T42.
Ouch. I hope it's not a 15" 4:3 T60, since finding chassis parts for those is *hard*.
A regulation in need of removal, especially when you need Security+ just for a Helpdesk job.
Ouch. You'd have to move a couple of hundred miles (at least) to move out from under that. Can't imagine that is too good for those *(re)starting* anything IT related.
It's the precursor to the Bad Wolf warning for Dr. Who.
The only way it has a chance is with platform neutrality.
All that tells me is that government can't handle being entry level. If you lived in a broken IT market where helpdesk requires a Security+ and preexisting clearance for \&gt;75% of jobs, you might understand.
If only DoDD 8140 thought so as well.
Throwing in a turbocharger for cylinder substitution only makes the vehicle less reliable (see Ford). Similar words can be said about CVTs.
No, Romanians claimed that with the sound rejection of Nicolae Ceaușescu. This is just another bunch of leftists that copied the playbook of the US's DNC. Like the American left, they can only try to invent scandal out of whole cloth.
Only if available with an automatic.
Puppets apparently can get awards for what their handlers do.
No way to stagger spin up? Pulling that many amps across a couple of rails cannot be good for a power supply. On the other hand, at least you're not dealing with 3A 5.25" double height drives - they required staggering just to power up *two* of them.
Someone would find, fire, and replace you - while making sure you would be unwelcome in larger companies. Anomalous behavior does not go unnoticed, especially with AI.
So we eventually get [San Angeles](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb21_qI90pE) for a very rough Dayton.
Do not confuse leftist militancy with morality.
Their verbal and logical gymnastics outdo the Olympics.
So you want San Angeles police?
Lots of large employers like NCR and Lexis-Nexis as a solid alternative to defense contracting. That way, people who can't find a job through the base can pursue a good career.
Yet nearly all of them could be turned to apply to the Left.
That's why I say that there's a need for large employers not connected with the base. Perhaps a non-defense firm that actually wants to expand in Dayton can buy up their buildings.
I've done 5-year onsite NBD with new purchases, not so much with used.
Mr. Dorn unavailable for comment.
So you prefer people being disarmed in front of criminals that don't care about laws.
Good to see that he rejects idolatry.
You don't need tools for extracting keys, but the quantity is what makes it not trivial.
Then I guess that a certain non reflective material will have to be called Vantablock.
For the sizable and growing population that has been displaced, especially from the tech sector.
Like [this kind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_Olds)?
&gt; Contaminated by Detroit More like "Contaminated by farm runoff"
Pandora's box has now been opened.
South Columbus now gets more lively.
Par for the course in Colorado.
That money will end up going to administrators, not teachers.
Can they convert an M13 to USB?
So what do we get instead?
&gt;In the coming years, a new slate of diverse progressive candidates will assume office around the country, turning populous red states purple and ensuring continued Democratic ascendancy. &gt;Meanwhile, what remains of the GOP will essentially become a regional party, strong in rural areas, but effectively shut out of federal governance for a generation. Shutting up your opposition would only make things more divisive and heated. If you want that, move to a state that has it and wonder why things are bad off for most and good for a few. &gt; As for the Republicans, I'm not putting anything past them. Let's hope the public appropriately blames them for the pandemic and the sorry state that Trump left the country in. Can't blame Trump or the GOP for China's mismanagement and corruption.
I'm talking about a specific person.
Someone will always be able to replace the people that want to leave.
How North Korean of you.
Not so, I just don't believe in cancellation.
The pre-90s and lower end models, definitely. The tech-heavy, Cadillac lite cars, not so much. Even the rebranded ones were more forward looking in design than their Buick equivalent. As for the name, that could have been changed to retire the name but not the better designs. As for Pontiac, they seem to do well on the performance side but seemed to have a cheaper looking interior. If they fixed that, maybe.
They did make a mistake by making the Park Avenue China only though. Giving us a poky I4 CUV isn't exactly doing well for Buick's image.
&gt;"they're taking our jerbs" mentality The trouble is that they're not wrong with offshoring, illegals, and guest worker fraud/abuse. Those three issues have created a large amount of jobless people that still vote. The standard Democrat response of retraining fails to overcome random chance, especially with older and less desirable individuals. The only way they could win over people to their cause is to have Silicon Valley write a regular stream of large checks to offset the losses.
Thought: why not split governance along urban/rural lines? Everyone gets representation in their own right.
&gt; unions &gt; retraining can work if it's internal to a company. Which don't help those that are jobless or work through a staffing/temp firm. &gt; automation/obsolescence/global economy Given the increasing rate of destruction that overwhelms creation, salary replacement may have to be an option - if you want buy-in from the displaced or obsolete. Better to make them reasonably happy than completely ugly.
Northstar or 3800 powered?
&gt; Doing it visibly targeted to the black community and do it for decades. Good for everyone How would it benefit everyone if you exclude others?
So does this mean you'll protect leftists that hate whites?
Get rid of the lawnmower sounding I4's.
Why not?
What's the block on performance cars, regulation?
