Dune has a touch of grand legend, long histories, mystical forces, and interesting characters caught up in it all. The later books get into the feeling of sadness more, with change and fading cultures.
Oof, I think you might have missed the point of the whole epilogue. Have a read of it again, think about the word choices and what it's meant to convey. Gilead has not entirely fallen.
He would be a niggler to the end.
On Wethertop Aragorn prepares two defences for them - fire and the song of Beren and Luthien. We know the Nine don't like fire, but just as important is a tale from the elder days to keep the hobbits' spirits up. The Nine were expecting no resistance at all, but in the end were fended off (with a little help from Elbereth).
Invisible Inc is the best example of this done well at scale. The problem with most stealth implementations is a reliance on a stat with a random chance of failure. Stealth should not be about chance!
I'd be tempted to buy an iPhone just for that! I play on my wife's iPad now and then.
It's okay, he charged his phone straight after.
It's certainly a possible interpretation. The voice is quite distinct in how it's delivered. Personally I more interpret it as Frodo making use of the Ring for command (a very dangerous thing to do). Does Gollum touch Frodo again before taking the ring from him? As for Eru, well he composed the music of the world, and with it the punishments for those who betray and break oaths. I see his hand in this as being more like the force of gravity. Gollum stepped off a cliff, figuratively speaking, and the retribution of Eru was inevitable. I don't think Eru has to physically intervene to have a hand in how things played out.
Ah, stupid me, I did of course mean Maglor one-handed not Mablung of the heavy hand.
I'm just forgetting everything today. And Mardhros was the one that raised Elrond and Elros, right?
Double glaive! That is indeed ballsy as fuck :)
It's the most extreme Brexit scenario.
The English have a thing for doing that. Both Thatcher and Churchill were kicked out whilst in Europe. Any sort of Europe-dealing seems to be poison for UK leadership.
Mogg would happily steer the ship off the edge of the world and be proud of it.
Therexit vs Re-May-n!
Then why are only the extremists advocating it? Almost no one wants a no deal Brexit.
Seems like he'd have a good chance of winning right now - DUP have been alienated, many Tories are disgruntled, May only has a tiny majority in parliament. I guess the risk would be that it would look bad to voters (causing division at a crucial moment) and that it might actually help May rally support around her (neither DUP nor the hardline Brexiteers want Corbyn with a chance of getting in power).
Tolkien said he is an enigma, and I don't think you'll get a better answer than that. Not everything in Middle-Earth has a clear answer or category.
Max shields isn't so useful in this scenario - most things will die or be disabled before ever getting near hitting shields.
Very fun looking, but you really need to upgrade your engines! You should probably get that slug in piloting too (due to mind control immunity) and put another pip in piloting.
I just mean in terms of the immediate future. Before the flagship he might have zero need to upgrade shields further. For many fights he may not have shields powered at all (with Zoltan shield I tend to go into battle with shield power distributed elsewhere until needed). And max shields is something I rarely get full stop. With this ship there's far less need for 4 shield layers.
In the original Beren and Luthien story Beren was an elf too (though one of the Noldor).
Yeah, that's why I said "historically", as in 20 years ago they would be the obvious answer. It's not so clear what's influential now. Roguelikes have become so fragmented and diverse I don't think any one game is dominant any more.
I absolutely agree that DF is a hugely influential game. But in the context of this discussion I don't think its roguelike mode (AM) is very influential, and I don't think the game as a whole has had a big impact on roguelikes. As a sim game in the sim community yes, it's a giant. In fact since DF came out the big trend in the roguelike sphere has been away from big giant games with lots and lots of simulation details. Smaller, focused roguelikes are more the norm now, from tiny games like Hoplite to medium sized games like Golden Krone, MidBoss and Dungeonmans. In this way I think Brogue has been a much bigger influence. The big simulation games we have mostly predate Dwarf Fortress, and share the same roots as it. I think IVAN did dismemberment first (I may be wrong, mind). Regardless, I don't see many games copying that feature. I similarly don't see storytelling through PCG being done in the DF way in many other games, and certainly not in the roguelike sphere. There's lots of things happening in parallel, but the DF influence isn't clear to me.
21 years old, so it doesn't qualify!
I think in terms of gameplay Dwarf Fortress has more akin to Civilisation than to roguelikes (Civilisation also has proc gen, tile based map, turn based, etc). It draws inspiration from roguelikes, of course, but it very much morphed into its own thing. Adventure Mode of course is still pure roguelike in form, but it's not what people think about when they talk DF.
\*After\* he had been felled by Gil-galad and Elendil. It's not clear if Sauron had already fled his physical form when Isildur cut off the Ring.
&gt;But Sauron also was thrown down This contradicts the previous "But Sauron also was thrown down", which implies Sauron's body was killed alongside Gil-galad and Elendil. One might interpret Isildur's speech as being the Ring already at work in his mind, making a justification for him owning it rightfully. A bit like Gollum and the birthday present tale, or Bilbo and the riddle reward.
Also shout-out to The Tolkien Professor, who is currently going through a super close reading of Lord of the Rings - currently up to episode 86 and only got to Glorfindel! His classes on the History of Middle Earth series are great.
I've not listened to as much of The Prancing Pony, but in general they seem much more conversational. Maybe people like that more? Personally I find "I liked that" to be less interesting than the super deep analysis Corey goes into.
You can look up Signum/Mythgard on a podcast app to find them all (there are two channels).
Well I've only listened to the first 6 or so episodes, so I guess my perspective is coloured by that. Good to know that things change a bit. I'll certainly keep listening! I think one of the difficulties I found was that you were setting "spoiler" restrictions on yourselves whilst discussing the Silmarillion, which makes it hard to really talk about the work. I'm guessing later in the show that stops being an issue.
I never said I didn't enjoy the show :) It's just in comparison to Corey that I rated you guys lower, based on those initial episodes. I also think your production quality was pretty great from the start (but I run a podcast that frequently involves multiple guests from multiple continents with all sorts of quality issues, so I have a relatively low bar for good production quality). On The Silmarillion I generally think consideration of spoilers is a bit silly. As you say, the work frequently spoils itself, and much of the joy in reading it is those narrative tells of what is to come. But moreover I think you need to read the book 3 times before you can even enjoy discussion of it. It's a book that improves with spoilers. I'll definitely check out the Flieger episode. The Signum course she did on Tolkien's inspiration from classical literature was amazing.
If he still has a home...
If you're statistically literate you won't gamble full stop. They're not aiming at you.
How can you be sure?
Fixed! Server issues over the holidays. My apologies for the inconvenience :(
I feel like we should be rebelling right now.
He's not even that fussed about passing hobbits. It was pure chance they bumped into him.
I would suggest watch The Gathering, watch all of the TV series, then watch the other movies in order. It's not exactly chronological or release, but thematically it works well. I find breaking up the TV series to watch side movies feels weird. Plus the movies (apart from In The Beginning) really aren't as good as the main series and can spoil the narrative flow. There are a couple of TV episodes that were aired out of order in the US, but I think this got fixed in the DVD releases. Regardless, they don't make a significant difference - you could easily watch and not realise. The other tricky bit with viewing order is the Crusade series, but worry about that after seeing B5 + movies. I normally recommend watch B5 a second time rather than watching Crusade.
The Gathering is the pilot, definitely the one to watch first. In The Beginning is mostly prequel material, but with bits from after the main series, and spoiling many details revealed during the series. It's good, and I mostly enjoy it as a "more B5" to watch after finishing the series. It wraps together many of the events over the 5 seasons. Thirdspace has a specific chronological placement mid season 4. But I find it jarring to watch as season 4 is a wild ride and a long side story is not good for the flow. Maybe on a rewatch you can insert it chronologically (and you *will* want to rewatch B5) but for a first time viewing I recommend leaving it to after, maybe watch between seasons 4 and 5. River of Souls is vaguely placed towards the end of season 5. Again, it feels out of place in terms of narrative flow as the TV series is wrapping everything up and saying emotional farewells. It's also not that great. All the other stuff is chronologically set after the main B5 events. There are some complicated chronological charts out there that I really don't recommend. B5 includes deliberately out of place bits, foreshadowing the future and even having a bit of time travel. This is part of the narrative structure and shouldn't be messed with.
Not though the hand of Beren or Turin had wielded it could such a wound have been dealt to her! To have Sam so directly compared to such great warriors is praise indeed. And ultimately it was his bravery and resilience that helped him win, not raw strength.
Contrast it with Frodo, who is of the gentleman class in the Shire, but still nniws his thees and thous when talking to the Elves or Faramir. Frodo gives thought to his audience and the social expectations, Pippin does not.
Life is the biggest roguelike of all.
Kinda wish there was a wizard mode sometimes, mind.
Rogue went full graphical when ported to Apple II. Didn't even have an ASCII option. If anyone tells you a game has to be ASCII to be a roguelike then they're an idiot.
It would be helpful to know what country you're in.
Hmm, I guess your username should have given me a clue on that... Looks like Easons only do the 3 volume hardbacks, which are super expensive and actually quite impractical to read. There's no paperback boxset of the whole HoME series that I'm aware of. There is a boxset of 1-5 you can get from Amazon. But if you want a consistent looking set for your book shelf you'll want the series with a black spine and you'll have to buy them individually.
My knowledge of Irish book stores doesn't stretch beyond Easons. Forbidden Planet in the UK have them all - perhaps the Dublin store does too.
&gt; Men use a similar enough OS that the software can infect their systems just fine (Men, who are spiritual siblings to Elves, with Rings become Nazgul) I think "just fine" is incorrect here. Men corrupted by rings becomes wraiths, which are themselves a perversion of high elves like Glorfindel. They become immortal like elves, and they become visible on the "other side". But they also lose a lot of physical power and physical visibility, and they give off an aura of fear to other mortals. By your analogy the software clearly isn't running on the human system as it would on the elves. It's buggy as hell and producing unpredictable results. On the dwarves the system is so foreign that it almost isn't running at all.
I initially read all of the books via library loans. You might want to see if you could do the same. My local library at the time had hardbacks of each volume, which were really great to read.
If you want to go down that analogy then Gondor is probably like West Berlin during that time - right at the border of the large, threatening state in the East. Not a position to be envied.
Indeed! Many of us here are in the top 1% on Planet Earth already (considering we have the luxury of posting about Tolkien). Why give up our existing good luck for such bad odds?
Ah, fair enough. I wonder if the elven rings would have had some of the same effects on men without Sauron's influence?
&gt; I think Tolkien probably just never considered it as an option. Had he considered it then I imagine his justification would be that the Eagles would refuse. The Eagles are servants of Manwe, and it is up to the peoples of Middle-Earth to deal with this problem, not the emissaries of the Valar. Gandalf and the Eagles helped move events, but in certain ways avoided direct action.
I think the physical proximity makes the whole threat piece hang way higher in the mind. Mordor was visible from Gondor. They were in a constant state of high alert, sitting behind high walls. It's not comparable to Americans during the Cold War just hearing about things in newspapers. The mental health of people in or near conflict areas is far worse. Although people do continue living life, they do not have the same peace as the likes of the Shire. Regarding the Berlin comparison, here's an interesting relevant article about the lasting psychological scars: https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-14488681
No, not sure why you'd think that. I'm not trying to be argumentative, and I'm sorry if my tone came across that way. I just felt the Cold War analogy was a poor comparison to the situation Gondor was in, and it got me thinking as to what would be more appropriate. If you have differing views I'm keen to hear them - this should be a discussion, not an argument. I agree in general on your continue to live comment (Pippin's interactions with Bergil give a nice lens into that) but I don't think it's a very enviable situation.
In earlier drafts Tolkien went through a few options of how the destruction of the Ring would go. In all cases Frodo finds himself unable to throw the Ring in. One version has Gollum grabbing the Ring off Frodo and then Sam wrestles with Gollum and dies pushing him and the Ring into the fire. In another Gollum says the Ring is his alone and "death to everyone" before willingly jumping into the fire with the Ring. Sam also beats up a proto-Nazgul in one version.
There is a fan HD remaster floating around that I suggest you check out.
And links available by DM on request...
Yeah, I agree to be honest. The remasters get better as you go on, but I think whoever was doing it went a bit overboard at times. I still have my DVDs but no DVD player any more :(
Well Gandalf is already an agent of Manwe anyway. And in the latter case the quest is over, they're providing grace to the survivors. It's a bit of a fine line, of course. The main thing is the eagles shouldn't be relied upon.
Sauron can't see everything all the time. Two hobbits slipped right through his own territory, after all. And I'm far from convinced he can see into Rivendell or Lothlorien. Also the fell beasts of the Nazgul were unknown to the West at the point of the Council of Elrond, so I doubt they or anything like them factored into the planning. I guess you might state that Sauron had a high chance of seeing the Eagles coming and could have himself quickly moved to Sammath Naur and blocked the way.
Yeah, uncertainty over his power likely played a big part. Certainly they would know if how he turned into a flying bat when escaping from Luthien and Huan. It's also worth thinking about if he even needs to physically intercept the Eagles. Could he just dominate their wills from a distance, or use some sorcery against them? Sauron seems to be able to threaten to affect Frodo at a distance when he's on Amon Hen.
Whilst Turin was hidden from Morgoth the curse wasn't in effect. Turin's own pride still screwed things up though - in Doriath, in Nargothrond, in Brethil. Melian and Ulmo tried to help him, but he was very bad at receiving aid or advice.
One of the passages from the story seems to suggest that inside Doriath he can't be touched directly by the curse: &gt; Report of the Dragon-helm in the land west of Sirion came swiftly to the ear of Morgoth, and he laughed, for now Turin was revealed to him again, who had long been lost in the shadows and under the veils of Melian. Yet he began to fear that Turin would grow to such a power that the curse that he had laid upon him would become void, and he would escape the doom that had been designed for him, or else that he might retreat to Doriath and be lost to his sight again. There are other times in the story when Turing "reveals" himself to Morgoth, usually by his brash use of the black sword in open warfare. Numerous times we see Turin's pride being the cause of his troubles, not Morgoth's curse. It's interesting that Morgoth fears Turin growing to a power beyond his curse. There is a hint in the story that Turin could have had a similar fate to his cousin Tuor - receiving advice from Ulmo in a hidden elf kingdom and falling in love with an elven princess. Could Turin have had a union in Nargothrond with Finduilas and become part of a hidden resistance against Morgoth? Hard to tell, because he rejected Ulmo's advice and let his pride run away with him.
At the very least the treasures and peoples of Nargothrond could have been protected until the voyage of Eardenil, whilst also helping hold back the tide of Morgoth's strength and preserving more of Beleriand. Turin would have fathered a child with Finduilas, and another union between Elves and Men would have enriched the world and future generations. Doriath would not have fallen either, perhaps Dior and his children would not have died, with the second and third kinslayings avoided. Middle-Earth would be a far more blessed place after the War of Wrath. This is a fate that doesn't have Turin at its core though, seeing him as a caretaker of the future rather than doing great deeds alone. In his pride he might not see this as a noble fate.
Not to mention what happens to Londo...
Post removed. You have not followed the guidance that was given to you.
I guess he envisaged them as mountainous regions that are nigh impassable, and certainly impossible to use by an invading force. Or it could be that the mountain backs are on "friendly" sides (eg Minas Tirith) and defence from that angle isn't as strongly considered.
The top rated 7DRL this year is the weird and awesome Inner Life. You have to go inside monsters, which have their own internal dungeon, but you have to be wary of other monsters going inside you. It's all delightfully surreal. You can find it free here: https://dungeonyak.itch.io/inner-life
The eavesdropping joke always tickles me. &gt; ‘Eavesdropping, sir? I don’t follow you, begging your pardon. There ain’t no eaves at Bag End, and that’s a fact.' Especially amusing when you learn later that Sam was actually deliberately spying, and this was him trying (successfully!) to act innocent.
And playing a "you are great" game somehow helps his creativity? This is a dystopian view of gaming as a hobby.
Can we see another version of this with him smoking a crack pipe at the end?
The beard thing would confuse people though, with the usual "elves don't have beards" thing. Gender-flipping Cirdan helps get around that without a big explanation about elf stages of life. Also beardy boat-man Cirdan is at severe risk of ending up looking like Captain Birdseye ;) But yeah, probably not likely to happen.
Fundamentally changing characters happens though. I'm not saying I agree with it, but any adaptation will involve serious changes to the characters involved to suit the new medium and the differences in story being told. The LotR movies had vastly different personalities for many of the characters - much bigger changes than gender-flipping. Also Sauron changed into a bat and a wolf at different points of the Silmarillion, and within this Second Age story will presumably be shown to change between divine offerer of gifts, dark lord, cunning priest and evil incarnate. Much bigger variations in his character than changing gender. Before the fall of Numenor he had a huge amount of power over how to present himself, and switching gender doesn't sound like such a big deal compared to that. I don't really agree with the idea (for various reasons), but it could certainly be explained in an in-universe way. It would also be an interesting way to trick audiences that would never expect this Annatar woman to secretly be Sauron. As a thought piece at least it's kinda cool.
None of the Noldor you list would even be in Middle-Earth of it wasn't for Feanor. It was his deeds, words and will that brought the Noldor out of Aman and shaped history. His impact on events was far greater than the killing of a Balrog or even the maiming of Morgoth. Galadriel suffers from being invented late. I'm sure if Tolkien got round to properly finishing the Silmarillion he would have changed her role drastically, much like he changed the nature of the Ring when rewriting The Hobbit.
This is an egregiously disrespectful comment, completely out of line with rule 2 here. You are banned for 3 days. Please refrain from making personal comments like this in future. If you have a problem with someone else take it up with the mods instead of flaming the individual.
It's real, it's out there, and it's coming for you when you least expect it.
I hate fake narrative twists. They're lazy writing, in my opinion. I much prefer Tolkien's style of hinting at what's going to happen, and then you enjoy the tension as it builds up towards that fated event. You also makes repeat readings more enjoyable, not less.
Comment deleted. This is not appropriate discussion for the thread. If you have a problem with an individual's posts or comments then please report or message to the mods.
We try to apply the rules consistently. Action has been taken against the top commenter before. In this case there is nothing wrong with their comment. The reply that's been deleted was a straight up personal attack.
Rule 2 is "Be respectful and friendly to your fellow posters". You're breaching this quite clearly here. You're welcome to take up issues about individuals via mod mail but please don't try to spark up arguments in comments. If you want to make complaints about moderation style in general then you're welcome to start a meta thread to discuss, but do note that if you use it to attack other posters then it will be deleted.
Comment removed. This is inappropriately personal. You've said your piece on the subject already.
You seem to be just trying to stir up trouble here. You've had comments deleted and warnings issued in this thread already. As has been said several times, take this up privately if you want to, but it's not for discussion here. Please step away from this thread or we'll have to enforce more serious moderation.
Secret Hitler has the same player count as Resistance - 5-10. It has different rules based on how many players (more complex with higher player counts, though still simple enough either way). In terms of rules it has more complexity than Resistance, and the teaching bit takes a little more time (though it's simple enough once the game gets going). You have to go through more rounds of play, which can be nice for keeping balance and tension. It works better with more players, though I still like the purity of base Resistance with 5-6 players.
Moderation action has taken place against "certain users" in this thread, just as it has taken place against you. You may not always agree with mod decisions, but in general reporting posts is better than lashing out in comments - if you do the former we have no choice but to take action against you. Regardless, I'm now locking this thread as no on topic discussion has happened for quite a while.
Can I ask that you please pay attention to rule 2 on the sidebar? If all you're doing is posting self-promotional stuff here once a month then you're not really engaging with the community very well. I suggest your posts are better suiting for /r/roguelikedev.
Best thing to do is look for quotes. From the Silmarillion: &gt; For Fëanor was made the mightiest in all parts of body and mind: in valour, in endurance, in beauty, in understanding, in skill, in strength and subtlety alike: of all the Children of Ilúvatar, and a bright flame was in him. From the chapter on The Rings of Power: &gt; In Eregion the craftsmen of the Gwaith-i-Mírdain, the People of the Jewel-smiths, surpassed in cunning all that have ever wrought, save only Fëanor himself; and indeed greatest in skill among them was Celebrimbor, son of Curufin. It's really obvious that Fëanor stands completely apart. And comparing the Rings of Power to the Silmarils is ridiculous. The fate of the world is locked in the jewels of Fëanor. The "list of things made by Feanor" is also wrong to compare, when we know he crafted many things in Aman that were consumed by Ungoliant or left behind. I'm sure he had much cooler doors, perhaps even those that he slammed in the face of the greatest of the Vala.
When you're a victim in a situation like this there's no satisfaction to be had at all.
It's the frequency that's an issue, coupled with the fact that you don't post anything else here or seem to engage in other discussion. You're using the subreddit like a personal development blog. Major releases and news are great, but it should be something significant and not just a regular monthly thing.
I don't want you to stop posting entirely! But maybe every 3 months would be more appropriate? Especially if there are big changes to gameplay, or if you have an important announcement. And you could post about other roguelikes, or about general topics that are appropriate to your game and to others. When you only talk about yourself it makes things very one-sided, and makes you not really part of the community. If everyone engaged the way you did, only posting about their own work, then we wouldn't really have a community here.
One can also put simple conditions in a legal contract. For instance the author of Ender's Game refused to have his work adapted if the children were made much older - he put a limit at age 8 I think. Contracts can say whatever you like, ultimately.
&gt; After all, Saruman knew from Gandalf about the hobbits/the Shire and he was in communication with Sauron. Saruman deliberately kept his knowledge of the Shire hidden from Sauron, even when the black riders came to Isengard. He lied and said he did not know where it was, and then the black riders found some of his own people on the road that had been involved in trade with the Shire and his lies were made clear. Certainly Sauron had an inkling of what hobbits were and that at some point one was carrying the ring, but when Aragorn challenges him in the palantir he doubtless assumes the heir of Isildur has claimed the ring and the halflings are no longer relevant.
Yep, it can definitely work, especially since the standalone book comes with a scene setting intro. Also, it's such a romantic tale! Perfect for couples to enjoy together ;)
&gt; Sauron likely isn't concerned with the day-to-day since his direct servants are so eager to serve and please him I'm not so sure about this. The servants seem highly unreliable, and here is much talk of infighting and desertion. On top of that, I get the impression Sauron is a control freak. When he dies all his servants notice that his will is no longer on him, and they panic. I think he was an overbearing and hated master.
"And ignored Ulmo's direct advice to tear it down." Fool of a Turumbar...
I love the moral ambiguity in Believers. At times you may think the episode is being preachy, but soon you realise this is all just the moral convictions of the characters and the characters ultimately all have flaws. The doctor is arrogant and altruistic and willing to break the rules to meet this altruism, and it comes back to bite him hard. It's not an arc episode, but the character development piece has threads running right through to season 5.
Yes, very true. Though I seem to remember it stated somewhere that the Nazgul were the *only* servants he could truly trust in the quest for the ring.
Is one of your friends a vampire?
Do you remember his prophecy from season 1? Also, buckle yourself up, this show is about to get serious!
He put inspiration into Tuor's heart, but Tuor still had the free will to reject that. Note that Ulmo also tried to affect Turin, and Turin in his pride rejected him.
Ulmo sent messengers directly to Nargothrond, saying to cast down pride and the bridge. The message was aimed directly at Turin. Note also that Ulmo gave Turin healing after the death of Belegond by the pools of Ivrin. Later, after Nargothrond's fall, the pools are frozen and Turin finds no succour there. There is a major contrast set up in the story between Tuor, who is humble and receptive to the signs and messages of Ulmo, and Turin, who is prideful and puts his own counsels above all else.
Yep, and Ulmo was the one that bloody encouraged Turgon to make Gondolin in the first place.
Nargothrond could have had a similar fate as Gondolin, with the daughter of the king married to a fateful human warrior and preserving many people and riches from the sack of Beleriand. Turin screwed up Ulmo's plans there - good thing Ulmo had Gondolin as a backup.
Yes, indeed. Tolkien consistently uses the word "fey" to mean "death-seeking" or unconcerned with dying. "Fey he seemed, or the battle-fury of his fathers ran like new fire in his veins" (Theoden at the Pelennor Fields). In this instance Feanor is laughing as he watches the ships burn, and the fey mood is highly ominous for him as he seems to stop caring for the future or the implications of his actions.
If players can cheat the FoW can't they just cheat the rest of the game?
&gt; One thing to remember is that Appendix B, The Tale of Years, isn't a context-free timeline of the Third Age. A useful comparison is the entry in 'Of The Rings of Power and the Third Age' on the events of the Lord of the Rings, which mostly says this: &gt; For Frodo the Halfling, it is said, at the bidding of Mithrandir took on himself the burden, and alone with his servant he passed through peril and darkness and came at last in Sauron's despite even to Mt. Doom; and there into the Fire where it was wrought he cast the Great Ring of Power, and so at last it was unmade and its evil consumed. If most of the events of the text can be summarised thus we can only imagine what vast details lie behind the Tale of Years.
I think this is a bit of a false justification. It particularly doesn't stand up to the addressing of Sinclair as Valen. The idea of poison doesn't even make any sense later. Personally I think JMS decided to make the Vorlons higher and more mysterious after the pilot. Not everything in the pilot stood the test of time.
&gt; Why? Wearing the One does not appear to help Sauron all that much during the war against Numenor who just wipe the floor with him. Tolkien specifically wrote that it helped him corrupt hearts and impose his will in Numenor. So in part it helped with him attaining the destruction of the whole island of Numenor and all the strength the once great nation held. &gt; It also does not help his personal combat skills that much as Elendelil and Gil-Galad (and Isildur, possibly) still kill him with the Ring on. The Ring was never a tool for personal combat - it was for dominating other wills. He would not have been able to hold such a strong force against the armies of Gil-Galad and Elendil in the first place. The Last Alliance would have beaten him far more easily if he had never made the One Ring. &gt; Elves hide the rings and refuse to wear them. Ring Fail number one. Ring success! That idiot Celebrimbor, greatest smith since Feanor, went to all that trouble to create these Rings that the elves could have used and Sauron has managed to neutralise them to a huge extent. Plus Celebrimbor made a lovely decoration impaled on his standard as he sacked Eregion. &gt; Dwarves do become great leaders and establish hoards though greed, but the Master ring mysteriously fails to work in their cases. Ring Fail number two. Partly true. Bloody dwarves... But it is said that the dwarves built riches with their rings, and this likely enhanced their greed and caused more strife. Would Smaug have come to Erebor if it were not for the riches built by the dwarven ring? Would the dwarves have delved so deep in Moria if greed and envy of riches weren't in their hearts? Hard to say. &gt; Ringwraiths are fairly useful servants and generals, but that was very far from their intended purpose as Sauron puppet human government leaders. So, ring Fail number 3. He had plenty of puppet government leaders already, in Harad and Umbar and even in Isengard. Heck, he even managed to manipulate Denethor in Gondor. The Ringwraiths served a greater purpose for him - 100% enslaved servants who could carry out tasks for him without any treachery. They were also able to rule areas like Angmar and Dol Guldur, and possibly other deeds which we don't see in the narrative. In the war with Gondor they become his most dreadful and powerful weapons, which almost none can stand against. Osgiliath fell because of the ringwraiths, for instance, as no warriors of Gondor could withstand their presence. Think also on the history of destroying the entire north kingdom and taking over Minas Ithil. In total the deeds of the ringwraiths are a huge part of Sauron's success. &gt; Finally the One creates an obvious weakness where Sauron can be killed by destroying the Ring, without having to corner him and force combat on him. So ring Fail number 4. I think he would likely have become formless with the fall of Numenor if the Ring hadn't sustained him. &gt; Honestly, it seems like he would have been much better off never making the rings in the first place and just eventually conquering middle Earth by "conventional" means if he only bided his time and waited for realms of men and elves to decline. Yes, it's quite possible that he became too keen for absolute power as soon as possible. But I can't imagine he would ever have become strong enough to take on Numenor, and it's hard to say they would have eventually faded so much without his intervention.
I care way more about the air conditioning than the safety...
&gt; I did? Was that in unfinished tales? Can you point me to it, I am really interested. From letter 211 by Tolkien: &gt; Sauron's personal 'surrender' was voluntary and cunning: he got free transport to Numenor! He naturally had the One Ring, and so very soon dominated the minds and wills of most of the Numenoreans. Tolkien is making clear that the One Ring was used as a dominating tool in Numenor, and was thus key in establishment the Melkor cult and encouraging the persecution of the Faithful. It ultimately brought about the destruction of the greatest kingdom in existence since the First Age. As a Numenor-killer alone the Ring was a potent weapon. Regarding my point about whether or not Sauron would have survived the Fall of Numenor without the Ring, I have no evidence or support. It's pure supposition based on how the powers of the Ring are described in the text. Hence the preface of "I think". In general I think a lot of your points come down to "His strategy didn't work because people fought back or resisted". I'm not sure you can blame Sauron for that, unless you think he shouldn't have taken up a career as a bad guy in the first place. Certainly in the text the powers of good seem rather put out by the Ring and would rather it had never been made. A few other points: - He used the Ring to lay the foundations of Barad-dur, which meant he had a fortress to return to and rebuild even after past defeats. - Temptation of the Ring corrupted Saruman, who would have otherwise been a difficult foe when allied with Gandalf. - The Ring also led to Isildur's death, which contributed to the failing of the line of Numenor. - The Last Alliance likely would have driven out Sauron much more easily if he didn't have the One Ring. Thus Gil-galad and Elendil would not have died, along with many great elves and men. Quite possibly the big exile of the Noldor that occurred directly after would have been avoided, and Middle-Earth would have been impossible for him to ever conquer in future with much stronger human and elven populations.
It's an obscure note that Tolkien wrote. And to be honest probably more an afterthought of his. It's not like the Ring was designed with that in mind.
It has lots of self-contained narratives that in some cases run for long periods without any comments. Some of them feel like final texts, but stop abruptly at some point. Some were clearly Tolkien thinking out loud in his writings, not sure of what the final form is. None of it received final editing for publication, and in some cases Tolkien explicitly stated later that certain things would change (eg. Labadal in the Turin story was going to be made into a Druedan). In some cases there are several drafts of similar material presented, so you can see how Tolkien's thought process evolved. It's all super material, and some of it feels like essential background info for Tolkien's other works (The Istari, the history of Galadriel, the movement of the Ringwraiths). Some of it has quite unique elements within Tolkien's works which are super interesting to read, like the detailed battle movements of Isildur's company in Gladden Fields, and the intense characterisation and feminist speeches of Erendis.
&gt; Bill Nighy Wow, I didn't realise it was him! His performance really struck out to me as being wonderfully true to character, and voice-wise actually very similar to Sam in the Jackson movies.
&gt; The Silmarillion is difficult to read for several reasons: a huge number of names, archaic language and style, a lack of novel-like plot structure, a very slow beginning. It is also undoubtedly boring at times when the plot lags (cough "Of Beleriand and Its Realms"). But neither "difficult" nor "boring" are synonymous with "dry"! I think people are using "dry" in a different way that you. Valaquenta and Of Beleriand and its Realms I could easily understand people calling dry. They have little to no dialogue, they lack character interactions or even events of any real form. They are descriptively rich but narratively dry. And the worst thing is they're very front-loaded in the text. Anyone coming to the novel afresh and getting to Valaquenta might think the whole book is like this and stop reading immediately. (I always encourage people to push through till they meet Feanor, at which points it starts to feel more like a traditional narrative with characters that can really hook the reader in.) When we talk about what we love about the Silmarillion we never talk about the stuff others judge as dry. The Silmarillion would very much struggle to get published from a living author these days. An editor would work with the author to make those early bits more engaging. It's a flawed work in many ways, though I'd say beautifully flawed, and furthermore I'd say there are some works of such tremendous ambition that they cannot help but be flawed.
Have you seen his image of [Glaurung](http://www.theonering.com/galleries/professional-artists/the-silmarillion/glaurung-sets-forth-to-seek-turin-j-r-r-tolkien)? Totally not what I would have imagined. His artwork is amazing.
The one with the pam-pams.
&gt; That's probably a small sliver of millenials, but a non-zero number. You're talking sliver of a sliver though. In terms of all the stupid "Millenials are doing X" (or ruining X) it doesn't fit in as the generalisations should be about what the median group are doing. In this case starting families and looking at childcare/school options.
Hidden traps are irritating as hell, especially if there is a tedious searching mechanic to find them. They end up slowing down simple exploration and just annoying the player without any positive gameplay impact. The best traps are ones that are a risk to you but can be used to your advantage against enemies. They are more environmental features than traps to assail the player. Brogue uses traps well in this regard, like its poison gas clouds that can be manipulated in interesting ways.. Dredmor lets you pick up and reposition traps, which is quite nice. It's also great when traps have effects beyond their one square, and can cause chain reactions with other dungeon features or monsters. They can add a bit of chaos to the system that's beyond your control. Traps needed be negative things either. What about a temporary power up trap, or similar features that might be nice to exploit at times, but could equally have positive effects on the enemies?
Can't make an omelette without cracking half a continent.
Ooh, that's a super interesting idea! I'd never thought of it like that. Certainly he does employ various different art styles in different ways.
I also think he wasn't very good at drawing people and so shied away from that. His drawings of Bilbo weren't great.
What does the look around command achieve beyond tedium for the player? Why don't you want your players to be able to explore quickly? Think carefully about what whether your mechanics are actually enjoyable for the player. The poison gas clouds in Brogue are combustable but not explosive. There are explosive clouds in the game too which can be very exciting. If you're designing a roguelike and haven't played Brogue I'd suggest you're maybe missing out! Positive traps could be like the things you mention, but without needing explicit activation. Consider an area that gives healing or extra defence or bonuses to attack, and how the player could exploit these but be careful of enemies benefiting from them. Another game with interesting traps is MicRogue, which has things like spikes that pop up every 3 turns. Leads to some interesting consideration of turn by turn actions.
What does power mean? If you're talking martial combat then many of these rarely engaged in it, if ever. But in general you can't compare one Maia to another easily in terms of personal strength or abilities. Sauron was the mightiest of the lot, but some are described as being much weaker. Also the wizards were cloaked in mortal flesh - they had certain weaknesses and strengths they might not have otherwise possessed.
Gandalf can do more than conjur magic. His main power was in moving hearts and minds and providing inspiration to free peoples. He also taught Frodo the power of pity, which helped allow the destruction of the Ring against all odds. This is why I asked "what do you mean by power", beecause power in Tolkien's work is so often far more broad than in common fantasy concepts. One of the most powerful things of all is hope, for instance, and the choice between hope and despair oft ends up being the decided of victory.
It describes her vomit as darkness, which is pretty sick.
They lived at a time of higher oxygen concentration in the atmosphere. They also breathed differently from spiders - lungs are more efficient in many ways.
It might have inspired more of them to align with the Faithful, and renew the faith of the Faithful that may otherwise have wavered, feeling forsaken by the West.
You might be mixing Earendil up with his father, Tuor. Tuor was a man who ended up being granted immortal fate after marrying Idril and sailing to Valinor.
We also see Gandalf make himself seem bigger and more imposing when confronting Bilbo about giving up the Ring in chapter 1 of LotR. I like the comparison to Finrod and his use of disguise against Sauron. It's very feasible for the Istari to be able to employ similar powers. Note that there are still limits. Gandalfs can't just change himself into a horse or eagle to travel swiftly when he needs to - something I imagine Sauron is still somewhat capable of.
Personally I accept that there's a difference between a tag and a genre. A game can have a whole bunch of tags against it without strictly belonging to the core genre. A puzzle platformer will have the puzzle tag for instance, without being a puzzle game. In this way I'm fine with Spelunky having a roguelike tag on it - it has clear roguelike elements as part of its design. The other thing to accept is that Steam's tagging system is a hot mess that no one even cares about.
I disagree that the tagging system has any significant impact of influence. The broadening of the roguelike term pre-dated the tagging system. It's a symptom, not a cause. I really doubt many people look at the tags on a game when trying to understand what type of game it is. They look at the game description and some screenshots.
Yes, true, but in the instance with Bilbo it feels like Gandalf is consciously doing it.
Wow, dubious indeed - googling reveals oxygen levels were actually lower, not higher. Thanks for calling me out on that!
They produced Earendil, who sailed West and saved the continent.
This sort of criticism of fantasy occurred before Lord of the Rings, and Tolkien had his own response to it: &gt;Why should a man be scorned if, finding himself in prison, he tries to get out and go home? Or if, when he cannot do so, he thinks and talks about other topics than jailers and prison-walls? The world outside has not become less real because the prisoner cannot see it. In using Escape in this way the critics have chosen the wrong word, and, what is more, they are confusing, not always by sincere error, the Escape of the Prisoner with the Flight of the Deserter. So Tolkien was perfectly fine with it being called escapism. Incidentally, in real academic discourse people don't label critics "sad" and go into defensive denial at all their points. Well, not good academic discourse anyway.
It's perfectly conceivable for an elf to take a corrupt ring from Sauron. Maeglin for instance would likely have done so.
The dwarves didn't have their rings before the One was crafted. Celebrimbor was the one that "senses" Sauron's treachery - it's unclear that anyone else did. He then tried to hide the rings of power, but Sauron conquered him and retrieved most of the rings. Sauron then distributed the 7 and the 9 himself. Also the King of the Noldor's ring went to Elrond, not Gandalf.
The bot generates unique codes. Limited time is not too unusual for free demos, especially when others have paid a fair amount to get the current content so far.
The sad thing fits in with the rest of the tone of your post - it's more the mention of serious academic discourse that doesn't gel. There is serious academic discussion of Tolkien and it doesn't shy away from criticising him and the genre (whilst also treating the material in a serious and non-dismissive tone). Your post is more fan takedown than academic debate.
There are lots of people who have said they'd like to play the game but they can't afford it at the moment. We're not going to compete with Fortnite obviously, but it will make some difference.
The link is straight to the Twitter account for the studio. If you'd like more info in the game itself check out www.jupiterhell.com Also you can access Discord via the browser - it's not too hard.
No, it's weak op ed journalism with a smattering of pseudo intellectual style. I was more referring to OP's essay which ends with a point about Tolkien being worthy of academic study, but this point is rather undermined by the tone of OP's post.
Dwarves were specifically resistant to the effects of the rings.
Correct. Which is why Sauron can still control them without having the One Ring.
The invisible dolphin would be like a glowing dolphin to the Ringwraiths.
Why the slap? I feel this is not applying the meme format correctly. More appropriate for this sub would be: Robin: I'm looking for a rougelike similar to Darkest Dungeon or Bindi-- Batman: Those are NOT roguelikes! Go play Caves of Qud!
It's a reference to [rock-cut architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-cut_architecture), where you are carving out a structure from existing stone instead of introducing a structure. It's just a turn of phrase with no intended deeper meaning.
They would tempt it to the shore with fish and playful antics.
Oof, well done! You should upgrade piloting, by the way - it stops you from being brought to zero evasion every time the system gets hit. It also gives a few handy blue event responses.
I would have hoped a grammar Nazi could spell "Tolkien" correctly! I have nothing of value to add other than that...
This is in Thirdspace, set after the killing of the second Vorlon and when she was exploring the extent of her powers.
He knew the ring was dangerous and warned Bilbo not to use it. But he also didn't know what to do with it, and it took time to figure out exactly what it was. At the time he figured it was in the safest place it could be, much though it led to risk to Bilbo.
&gt;! Especially if you're a creepy "nice guy" friend to your mentor and flip when they end up marrying an inferior race.
SUV is a bigger target and more likely to be hit!
The £30 luggage check-in charge might also be involved.
Needing the space I can definitely understand, though I'd probably going with a people carrier type of vehicle instead.
Hyperbole, certainly, but with some nuggets of truth. Probably not worth discussing in a spoiler-free thread though.
Something [like this](https://parkers-images.bauersecure.com/gallery-image/pagefiles/252525/1752x1168/7208.jpg). If it's just boot space needed then an SUV is kinda overkill.
Make the minigame its own roguelike! Something small like Ending or MicRogue embedded within the game.
Depends on model, but generally the ride height is similar to a regular car, unlike the high up SUV. SUVs are often broader and heavier too, with much worse fuel economy. In terms of handling people carriers have a historically bad reputation, but there are many better models these days. Though SUVs often have four wheel drive and off road capabilities that people carriers don't bother with. In London I think the people carrier is more practical as a spacious car, but it's very dependent on personal requirements.
The game is turn-based, but with an advanced animation system that makes it look very smooth when playing fast.
He had servants willing to burn Faramir alive because Denethor ordered it so. I imagine that there are enough people that would stick with Denethor by personal allegiance, tradition, force of personality and being doubtful of Aragorn's claims.
Aragorn has no lawful status in the city until the steward concedes power. He deliberately avoided entering the city openly because of that.
User banned. We will absolutely not tolerate 'whataboutism' style discussion of the holocaust here, in line with [AskHistorians policy](https://slate.com/technology/2018/07/the-askhistorians-subreddit-banned-holocaust-deniers-and-facebook-should-too.html) on the subject.
&gt; As far as I understand, the three don’t enhance evil characteristics. The fact that Sauron sought them makes me think he could have found evil use for them. They didn't have some of the innately negative effects of the other rings, but I'm sure they could still be misused.
Ar-Pharazon is.
&gt; All of the recent things I've heard discussed by TheOneRing.net YouTube podcast this week suggested that more people might have left the initial team, and that Amazon is filming soon for contractual reasons, even though they have no scripts, no attached actors, and no real show runners. Last I heard Amazon were finalising their agreements on a filming location, which would make it many months from any filming potential. I can't imagine that TOR have anything beyond pure (and dangerous) speculation at this point.
Hacking is what he used, but in answer to your question the two beams would be equally resistant. The best tactic if the enemy has less than 2 shields is to start the beam aim on the shields room and have one beam fire slightly before the other. That way both beams impact shields a little more and can cause more damage in the rest of their arc. Against 3+ shields you need hacking or a combat drone (with hacking being far more effective).
In the scope of moral virtue I think Gandalf doesn't deviate much. He makes mistakes (as many do) but with pure intention. This is where LotR gets called black and white. Characters to a large degree have pure good or pure evil (or at least selfish) intent. This gets oversimplified by critics of course, but it is a feature of the book. LotR is magnitudes more black and white than the Silmarillion.
That or he used the depower bug to make the defence drone miss.
Till the cows come home? Gollum, Denethor, Lobelia, who else? (And I don't particularly count Lobelia as a real character in the story.)
It wasn't till my third read of The Silmarillion that I felt I really "got" it. I think you just have to accept that some bits are harder to read and will need slow going over to fully understand. Also, as you'll know from your first read, the bibley language happens much more towards the start of the book. The later bits with Beren, Turing, etc, have a more accessible style.
The orcs didn't call the northern rangers Tarks. The term may have started as a term for all Numenoreans, but it ended up just meaning Gondorians.
I think if the Moon landings were happening today we would have different wording. Socially acceptable terminologies change over time, and there has been a big move away gendered group descriptions in recent decades (policemen -&gt; police officers, firemen -&gt; firefighters, etc). It's perfectly understandable that someone wanting to run an inclusive community would do their best to find neutral terms where possible.
That's not particularly helpful advice to someone wanting to make a community service.
&gt; In 1932, Tolkien purchased an automobile: a Morris Crowley. The car was called "Jo" after the first two letters of its license plate, and Tolkien had a tendency to drive it like a knight on his prancing charger. On the family's first long-distance road trip, to visit Hilary Tolkien on his Evesham fruit farm, the car's tires punctured twice (a rather common hazard of the time) and Tolkien managed to knock down a stone wall near Chipping Norton (for which he had no one to blame but himself). &gt; Tolkien's technique for navigating busy intersections was to ignore all other vehicles and floor it, yelling "Charge'em and they scatter!" as he blasted his way through traffic. From Humphrey Carpenter's biography. You have to be careful with Tolkien quotes because he can often be contradictory. He's not the caricature he's sometimes painted as. He liked driving, but as he got older said there were simply too many cars about. As for American culture, he chiefly objected to how universal it was becoming, supplanting all local cultures. It's not clear he inherently hated American things (though doubtless there were many American things he disliked). A quote from him: &gt; It is going to be all one blasted little provincial suburb. When they have introduced American sanitation, morale-pep, feminism, and mass production throughout the Near East, Middle East, Far East, U.S.S.R., the Pampas, el Gran Chaco, the Danubian Basin, Equatorial Africa, Hirther Further and Inner Mumbo-land, Gondhwanaland, Lhasa, and the villages of darkest Berkshire, how happy we shall be. At any rate it ought to cut down travel: there will be nowhere to go. But seriously, I do find this Americo-cosmpolitanism very terrifying.
&gt; None of this was peculiar or specific to Tolkien -- it was just a part of the zeitgeist of a battered, relatively impoverished, enormously diminished Britain. Considering Tolkien himself was anti-colonial I can't imagine he really resented the decline of the British Empire. But certainly there has for a very long time been a lingering anti-American feeling in Britain and Tolkien would likely have absorbed some of that.
In letter 343 he talks about receiving a goblet from a fan inscribed with the ring verse, which of course being in the black speech he thought was quite unsuitable for a drinking vessel. He put it to use as an ash tray. There is a sense more of bemusement than disgust in the tone of the letter.
And look down on the French, the Irish, the Germans, all of Asia... Some might call us snobbish, but that's likely out of jealousy ;)
&gt; But people rarely talk about British class, or monarchy, as the dominant sensibility of the text, even when its arguably as important as the Catholicism. In academic and critical circles these certainly are discussed in the right proportion, along with the Anglo-Saxon elements, Finnish elements, Norse elements, etc. The issue is you're looking at fan discourse, which is inherently more biased towards the individual fan's lens. For many fans their fandom becomes part of their personal identity, and so the cleave especially close to those bits that align more closely to them (and attempt to deny the bits they don't like, such as classism or poor gender representation).
Manwe controls the eagles and the winds - there are some key moments in the text when both are important. Frodo's dreams are potentially communications from Ulmo. And in general there is the Music of the Ainur that governs many of the fates of the world - things written into the structure of Arda, such as the fate of those that break oaths.
He decided that leaving it with Bilbo was the safest thing to do whilst he tried to figure out if he was really right about what the ring was. He says to Frodo that it was obvious it was a Great Ring, but he also says all of the rings are accounted for. So it's an immediate puzzle. Such an extraordinary puzzle that it takes him 30 years to figure it out, after hunting down Gollum and exploring the archives of Minas Tirith. Also if he took it by force that would be a terrible deed, both for him and for Bilbo. It took some effort for him to convince Bilbo to give it away to Frodo, which is the only mentally healthy way for Bilbo to release himself from the Ring.
Then Eowyn would become a shieldperson!
Comments removed. Please be respectful to other posters. Your opinions are valid, but your tone is not.
Heh, Engi B keeping a single crew member throughout the game and everything but the piloting room as oxygen-less does count somewhat well for this. Having done that before I think playing with boarders by micromanaging doors is super fun (though not to everyone's tastes, no doubt).
Run away to medbay and then open up the piloting room. It's awful when this happens mid-battle though. Mind control is also a big pain.
I once ended up with 3 bio beams on a slug ship, and forever regret not thinking to actually use them (at the time I just thought yay, scrap). There's a certain joy to how the bio beam just makes crew disappear.
Why would it be?
Not enough flak! Though I suppose the 4 x flak posts are out of vogue at the moment. Double glaive and double vulcan are the current cool configs.
The "pretty much kidnapping" is a bit unclear. He certainly tricked her and wooed her under deceptive circumstances, but she did fall for him all the same. Regardless, everything after the birth of Maeglin was unforgivable. You also forgot to mention the sword Eol made that Beleg and Turin wielded, and how great that turned out.
If you use Google Forms you won't be limited on questions.
He helped kidnapped Luthien. I can't help but think there's deliberate irony in play from Tolkien here.
It totally talks. Consider how the stones "speak" to Legolas in Hollin. Middle-Earth is a living world, and this was a particularly special sword in a special circumstance.
Details, details! ;) The legendarium is chock full of unwitnessable material. Either you accept it happens or you say it's all a made up story in universe. The indecision of Gollum at the stairs of Cirith Ungol, for instance, could be witnessed by no one. Yet Tolkien talks about it in his letters as a clearly real and important event in the story. The whole conceit of this being a real recorded set of stories is cute, but shouldn't be followed too closely. Tolkien makes no attempt to consistently write in line with that.
Might have worked out better if he had!
I think it might be as simple as Saruman having a reputation for delay and inaction, such as before the White Council assailed Dol Guldur. He might have picked this up from Elrond and seen the respect shown to Gandalf by Elrond. I really doubt Aragorn had any sign that Saruman might be a traitor, beyond perhaps a foreboding in his heart. Gandalf trusted Saruman enough to head straight to him when learning that the Nine were abroad - there's no hint of caution there, and it's hard to imagine Aragorn being wiser in this regard.
I agree most with u/ItsABiscuit's interpretation of this, in that the Balrog is "out of scope" for the mission at hand. Gandalf tells the company that this is a foe none of them can stand up to. He recognises it as a special case that only he can deal with. But regardless, even if it was breaking the rules somewhat, he would have broken much worse rules by letting his friends die. So often in LotR what makes a decision "right" is about honouring friendship.
There was never a year 1 though - the numbering system was invented well after the fact. Counting centuries with the right "nth" matters because we practically talk about centuries in that way, but there's no contextual reason to talk about decades like that, especially if it causes pointless confusion.
They also change it from summer to autumn. The aging symbolism is clear and deliberate.
You only seem to be looking at the effects of the 19 rings, not the One Ring itself. With the One Ring he took over most of Middle-Earth and manipulated the fall of Numenor (though with disastrous unintended consequences for himself). The Ring worked great for him, and only the Last Alliance was able to overcome him in the end. As for the lesser rings having an effect on the world, you only seem to be looking at the very end result and not the process of getting there. Yes, one of the Nazgul was killed by a shieldmaiden and a hobbit, but that was after many thousands of years of terrorising Middle-Earth and bringing down numerous kingdoms of men. The Witch-King had a good ride! Yes several of the dwarven rings were destroyed, but that was in dragon attacks precipitated by the greedy hoards that the rings induced and bringing down major dwarven centres of power. If Sauron hadn't had these devices in play it's hard to see how he could have been more than a regional terror, able to dominate his own kingdom but limited beyond that. He wanted the whole of Middle-Earth to himself, and with that sort of ambition he needed an ambitious scheme to achieve it.
&gt; Probably it's action rpg fans Why on earth would you assume that? There are plenty of RPG nerds who think D&amp;D rules are just not great.
Not really - this is about the splitting hairs arguments over when something begins or ends. I'm sure you'll find the same sort of argument about the dates for the Bronze Age. People use the "but we count from 1!" argument in the same way someone might say "but east Asia was using iron then", relying on over-semantics to define something instead of what's culturally accepted in a culturally invented timeframe.
Fair point - it was rather a flippantly worded sentence.
Here was me thinking it was an innocent "trying to fit in" joke.
Removed as there are other threads about this already.
Removed as there are other threads about this already.
Receiving the Ring was a strange twist of fate, but Bilbo being on his adventure and Sauron being attacked were both part of the machinations of Gandalf. He may have been worried about Sauron interfering with the fighting over Erebor and so triggering the attack then to make sure things went okay.
I've left one thread up - feel free to celebrate in it. If everyone gets their own thread it would really be quite out of hand.
Here it is, about 7 hours before yours: https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/ej3uw8/on_the_3rd_january_1892_our_beloved_professor_was/ It's the top post on the sub right now. In this sort of situation where there are competing threads on the same topic we'd normally leave the top-voted, not necessarily the earliest (though usually the two correlate).
Spelunky never called itself a roguelike. It started the craze of "with roguelike elements" games, but the developer has always been clear with his terminology.
And in the book almost every line he utters is idiocy that gets shot down by his much smarter wife.
We already have a thread about Tolkien's birthday here: https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/ej3uw8/on_the_3rd_january_1892_our_beloved_professor_was/ Please add any contributions to that thread.
Key question: if you use "ok" do you capitalise the 'o' at the start of the sentence? Because "Ok" looks kinda weird.
Date will be announced shortly!
Deleting thread as we already have a birthday post up here: https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/ej3uw8/on_the_3rd_january_1892_our_beloved_professor_was/ Nothing personal, yours is the 8th or so such thread to appear.
Sorry, removing this thread as there's already a Tolkien birthday thread up here: https://www.reddit.com/r/tolkienfans/comments/ej3uw8/on_the_3rd_january_1892_our_beloved_professor_was/
It proved good that she did, as with Merry. Elfhelm recognised that his king had made a bad decision.
I can't believe this isn't higher in the comments. There's a long long history if reactionary voting to financial crises, and this is just yet another example of that. In 50 years time the history books will all point to the financial crisis and a big right wing turn in the decades after as clear cause and effect.
As a historian you surely know the classic link between economic crises and right wing / populist ideology? This was predicted several years ago when the financial crisis hit, and it had been largely playing out true to form.
Daddys brown sauce is vastly superior! (Well, maybe like 15% superior.)
Do people have lids for their frying pan? Seems like a weird thing to own.
Actually literally the same. Christopher Tolkien realised he made a mistake in editing the Silmarillion and his father had edited in the same eagle names as LotR in the old B&amp;L story. The details are in one of the later History of Middle-Earth books where Christopher goes through all the drafts in detail. Though of course it's difficult to make final assumptions from draft texts. Edit: Just checking exact details - Thorondor, Gwaihir and Landroval rescue Beren and Luthien. Gwaihir, Landroval and Meneldor Frodo and Sam.
Yes, which means Elfhelm must have felt especially strong about this. Note that we also see Eomer and Faramir "break the rules" for the greater good and get rebuked by their lords, but we as readers are still to understand them as having taken the right action.
It's about cultural preservation!
I think Tolkien made a mistake here (rare though that is), as the Mouth of Sauron is not the only one to use his name - the messenger to Dain requesting news of Bilbo and promising the return of dwarven rings also uses that term, calling him "Sauron the Great". One could use some convoluted logic to say that they were using the term known to people outside, but that just doesn't stack up with "Neither does he use his right name, nor permit it to be spelt or spoken". The messengers could have easily called him "My Lord" or similar, but specifically say "Sauron". The Mouth is even called "The Mouth of Sauron"! We see the Witch-Kind refer to Sauron as "the Lidless Eye". We see the orcs around Cirith Ungol referring to big bosses, but not Sauron specifically.
In the North they call me the Necromancer Thû I was in the legendarium that is forgotten
It could literally be Galadriel again, since she'll be one of the few recognisable people. They could even do a very similar tale of the smithing of rings, and then go all "now let's flash back more!" I hope not though. There are cleverer ways to do narrative exposition, and the TV series should have the time and space to immerse us in the world in more steady way. On the other hand it may be necessary considering how lost the general audience will feel. If they really want to settle the audience into things they would start with a story-telling frame in the Third or Fourth Age. Arwen/Aragorn teaching their child, or Bilbo teaching a child Sam about the old tales. Not sure if Amazon would have the rights to touch those characters, but it would be an immediate way of making movie viewers comfortable and setting the scene.
Yeah, totally agree, but I could see some marketing person thinking it's perfect. Personally I want the series to start with Sauron playing with the idea of redemption as Eonwe tells him he must return to Valinor for judgement, with the outcome of the War of Wrath in soft focus in the background.
I think it's convoluted because Aragorn's words are that Sauron refuses to have the name spoken. Why would he have his emissaries use that name then? There is no need for them to use a name their master despises. And certainly in those "diplomatic" there is little to no attempt to seriously appease the people they are speaking to. The only "speaking amongst themselves" we ever see is the orcs around Cirith Ungol, and they seem to avoid naming him directly.
Yeah, it would then have to do the whole cheesy "500 years later" piece. I mostly just want to see that confrontation - it's an important part of Sauron's character development, and an interesting moment in general.
I think the use of titles "Sauron the Great" and "the Mouth of Sauron" are unlikely to be messed around with like that. The one possibility I can imagine is future translators and archivists of the book in Gondor having a fiddle, not wanting an improper name for Sauron to be included. But it's still a weird inconsistency for Tolkien to leave in.
Would Gloin refer to him as "Sauron the Great"? Because that's the term used. "The Lord Sauron the Great, so he said" is how the text goes, which sounds like exact quoting.
&gt; we know what a roguelike is Really? I'd love to see a definition everyone can agree on. &gt; we're not interested in roguelites, nor in debating whether roguelites should be called roguelikes By the predominance of threads like yours I think people really do love debating what a roguelike is. We regularly get people starting threads about exactly this. I honestly think some people spend more time arguing about this more than they actually play roguelikes. If people actually played and posted about traditional roguelikes then all this noise wouldn't be a problem. When was the last time you posted here? Besides which, roguelite discussion is not banned here. When stuff is too obviously out of context it gets removed by the mods or downvoted by the community. We fill the sidebar and the banner with traditional games to set the context relatively clearly.
STEP 8: When an immortal god-angel being gives you advice you damned well listen. No, I don't care if you're an over-proud king or warrior, shut up and listen.
Equally fits with Sauron as a literal fallen angel. We'll see in good time :) I do wonder why they announced Galadriel's name but not some of the other "known" characters. It could be that all of the unnamed people are completely new characters.
&gt; Edit: Finished reading, oh no it gets even sadder Yeah :( When you're done with the Silmarillion I recommend reading the independent Children of Hurin book. It retells the story in a lot more detail. Personally I love just how sad it gets - Tolkien writes some beautiful sadness.
That is his job. He's doing grand at it.
&gt; Back in the day, everybody who played roguelikes knew what they were. There was no need for some "official" definition. "Roguelike" is a self-explanatory term, after all. Sure sure, that magical day... Some of us still remember all the debates that raged on Usenet long before Spelunky came out. DoomRL and Brogue and all the 7DRLs were frequent targets of this debate. When Dungeons of Dredmor came out lots of people cried about it not being a "real" roguelike. Roguelites have exacerbated the situation immensely, but it's still not a new debate. There has never ever been a time when people all agreed on what a roguelike is.
Yeah, I'm not sure I disagree with you. A lot of countries do the same thing - have a democratically elected figurehead who mostly just goes around showing a friendly face. It's a replacement for a monarch who would do the same. The only real advantage is it means we've got a show person to spend time on frivolous ceremonies and the like instead of always wasting the Taoiseach's time. It's an extra diplomatic tool.
Damn elitists...
Well she has a more documented history of involvement with events of the time. so that would certainly make sense. I've always thought that even a Silmarillion adaptation should feature Galadriel heavily. She's one of the more consistently present characters across the ages.
Keep everything depressurised, and when there are intruders turn off the O2 and close all doors. They'll spend ages bashing through every one to only find zero oxygen on the other side. It's really quite charming to watch.
Though unfortunately such actors would age inappropriately (how inconsiderate of them!), and there's the risk of death for very long term engagements. Perhaps we can make CGI versions of them all? ;)
This kind of map is actually the best to get. Red sectors have more encounters, which means more scrap and thus more upgrades. Green sectors might seem more friendly, but they have lots of empty beacons.
Yes and no. There are multiple characters named Eriol in different stages of the writing. An earlier one is just Eriol and has a background linked to Saxon history in the 4th/5th century. The later character Ælfwine gets called Eriol by the elves, and comes from 10th century Anglo-Saxon England. Both character fulfill the same "role" in the story, but in slightly different contexts.
I can't imagine Denethor knew, otherwise I think he might have given Gandalf more deference. Faramir certainly didn't seem to know when he talked to Frodo about Gandalf, even though Gandalf gave him the "Olórin I was in my youth in the West that is forgotten" line. Though maybe they had guesses, especially since they knew Gandalf and Saruman had been interacting with Gondor for centuries.
Heh, a bit of Ar-Pharazon in him? Certainly possible. And Saruman showed that the Istari were not automatically worthy of respect. I guess I have a low opinion of Gondorian lore. They consider Lorien a perilous land and don't seem to properly know about Galadriel. They've forgotten what Isildur's Bane is. Gandalf makes clear that they have many scrolls in their vaults that their scholars can't read any more. Gondor has waned far from the Numenor of old.
I think the Rome series did a decent job of having gore without being gory. It's about camera focus and lingering and to a certain extent general tone of the final edited product.
It's far from the only name he reused in LotR. He even reused bits of the Lay of Leithian poem in his poem about Moria.
Post removed. Sorry, this sub is only for book related content. You may wish to post on r/lotr instead.
Yeah, we deliberately set the dates a little earlier to avoid GDC clash.
This is r/ScaredofETanonymous/ material.
He was under a curse, but he had plenty of opportunity to stay hidden from it. A big factor in the story is Turin's pride getting the better of him and him making terrible choices all on his own.
And it certainly wouldn't have started out as magnificent as it became. Also, check out the elvish names for dwarves and humans. They don't hold back on their opinions.
Tevildo was the evil cat. Thu was a separate character who ended up inserted into a similar role in the Beren and Luthien story.
In the first drafts Sam faces up against Ungoliant at Cirith Ungol, not Shelob. Tolkien once wrote to his son complaining about the disgusting habit of women wearing trousers to church.
Anyone else get the feeling that the more Tolkien wrote about Galadriel the more he fell in love with the character and wanted to give her higher and higher status? She goes from random Noldor princess to the inspiration of the Silmarils with her own special exodus permission from Manwe and centuries of tutelage from Melian. I can't help but think a properly written Silmarillion would have Galadriel playing a much bigger role throughout.
And would he beat Gandalf in a fight?
It's a bit crunchy.
Amélioration!
Nice idea - make a 7DRL based on it!
&gt; I'd say it literally has more in common with fifa than with Rogue or any roguelike. That's a pretty silly comment. There's ways of bringing the roguelike/roguelite point up more politely than you're being - see u/chillblain's answer to the thread.
&gt; 3D and roguelikes have only a few intersections. Jupiter Hell too. But it also has no meta-progression.
If you read letters 169 and 211 it's clear he still has the idea of Middle-Earth being Northern Europe and the whole setting being a pre-history. He admits it doesn't really work and would be a lot of effort to make it work, but it is still very much the concept. Tolkien's like of allegory was more on the order of "Gondor = Italy" or "The Ring = nuclear weapons", which he never intended. It doesn't mean he shirked all links to the real world, just the sort of very direct links people tried to interpret from his works. Plus he wrote Leaf by Niggle, which is 100% an allegorical story :P
&gt; another simple fact that not every story needs to check all the boxes of "representation" to be a good story That was true in Tolkien's days, but these days it's just not culturally accepted. You may disagree with that, but it's the truth of things. Of course that doesn't excuse badly done inserts. Tauriel was awful, and the movies would have been better without her. But the same could be said of so many of the changes and additions. What I find weird is how they made Eowyn a far weaker character in the LotR movies, when she's a strong woman with feminist ideals in the book. Tolkien does have good women characters to draw on for the right adaptation. If we don't see Erendis in Numenor I'll be disappointed.
&gt; The trouble starts when production decides to lean into identity politics to make it controversial and get more press. I think it's the opposite that happens. There is outcry about lack of diversity all the time, and producers want to stop that from the start. In some cases they throw in some token appeasement, in others they do a proper job of integrating diverse characters in a cohesive way. Given the money involved here I'm going to assume the latter will be what is aimed for. But of course the proof will be in the pudding.
Best article I've read this decade :)
It's satire at another user's expense.
Is his blog post personally attacking you in some way?
I linked the article, not this discussion thread. As for the voting, it doesn't surprise me at all. Often the rude users are the loudest, but not representative of the wider community. I know there are a lot of people here who have been frustrated with the tone of things for some time and arguments about this whole topic have frequently erupted. I have my own separate thoughts on this whole thing that I find hard to put into words. I'm personally quite sad that the terminology debate has been lost, but I do agree that it has been lost and pretending otherwise is very difficult. I'm also just generally quite sick of the argument, and how heated people get about it.
Banned for 7 days. This is completely inappropriate behaviour.
As a mod I have to report that this is unfortunately not the case. This thread certainly has some bad elements (on both sides!) but historically we've had plenty of problems with people being rude to newcomers who get the genre wrong. This has become especially worse in the last few months. u/Kyzrati and have had an ongoing mod thread about it!
&gt; Holy mother of straw-man where he mentions "flame wars and hate" towards newcomers by core users on /r/roguelikes (which he called out directly) As a mod I can assure you that it is a problem here, and in the last few months it has been getting worse. There are thankfully plenty of users who will be very polite in informing new users about how the term gets defined here, but there are still plenty of bad apples that get very aggressive when people use a definition they don't like. There's also the general problem of "the debate" springing up and derailing threads. When new users come with innocent questions that can be extremely off-putting. People may not be directly uncivil, but it doesn't create a positive atmosphere. Look for example at [this recent thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/roguelikes/comments/ep0n21/looking_for_3d_roguelike_with_long_term/), where one user points them politely towards r/roguelites and another tells them to go play Fifa. Or [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/roguelikes/comments/enio2z/i_need_turnbased_recommendations_please_send_help/), where an obvious opportunity to convert a fresh player turns into lots of snarky comments about how wrong they are about the roguelike definition. This isn't pleasant behaviour.
I think the article's point is that this is somewhat of a losing battle. The number of people using it wrong vastly outnumbers us, and nothing we do can change that now. It doesn't stop us having a community focused on turn-based games, but it does mean venting about the terminology debate is a waste of effort. It's too late.
Yeah, it's hard to mod sarcasm or vaguely rude behaviour. And quite frankly I don't want to be a mod like that. It would be ridiculous if we get to the level of micro-managing every thread where this topic comes up.
What the hell are you on about? He's a regular long-term poster here and on other roguelike communities.
I think the solution is to put your messages through google translate into another language, and then back again, and make sure it still makes a bit of sense. Also send the message in all lower case with each sentence on a new line, both to avoid personal styles and to really annoy writing pedants like myself.
Gosh, I'm both annoyed and pleased. There's no way that message would get traced to me in this format!
Whilst I think there is an element of people seeing the blog post and coming here (I have banned one person who seemed to just be causing trouble and who has no record here), I think there are also a lot of people who have been annoyed at the atmosphere here for some time and feeling like this post gives them a chance to speak up.
I'm suggesting it's a mix. There are definitely plenty of usernames chiming in with support of the article that I recognise as long-term posters here, some of which I know post very infrequently. I definitely think in terms of the voting it's representative of community feeling on this topic. A large number of people are fed up with the arguments and the at times rude tone taken. A strong and vocal minority disagree vehemently and want this to be an exclusive and closed community. This is just my perspective of course - I could be reading things wrong.
This is a friendly note to say that this sub is mostly dedicated to traditional turn-based roguelikes, which typically are lucky to have pixel art and don't tend to have 'characters'. Most of the games you list don't get discussed here. You might have better luck finding what you're looking for over in r/roguelites where a broader range of games tend to get discussed.
That sounds like the type of behaviour that might turn someone into a serial killer.
Many "presidents" in European countries hold mostly ceremonial positions and wield little to no real authority. Their role is to be a figurehead, much like powerless monarchs in other countries like the UK.
War never changes... :)
Yeah, this isn't even r/conspiracy material - it's all just out in the open. They can be openly corrupt and not care about consequences.
&gt; How about all the people that were collectively using it to mean the same thing for 15 years before the first successful mainstream roguelite? That's rewriting history. The definition debate goes back for at least 20 years. Ganes everyone agrees on as roguelike now used to be the subject of heated debate (eg Dungeons of Dredmor, Elona). Though in general I do agree with the general premise of not being interested in discussing real time games. At the same time I think the odd post about Warsim or Dwarf Fortress is not bad if the community decides to upvote those threads. Or even posts that are explicitly about the more roguelike aspects of Spelunky (there was a great thread once about its level generation, and comparing how players engage with the generator to Nethack players). Drawing hard rules on this is difficult.
The only thing I'd like to change are the arguments.
Some of them need a serious time investment to get into though. It can be handy to have pointers on what's a good start. ToME for instance has a really good UI for newcomers to get to grips with, so can be easier to get into and enjoy.
Removing because there are lots of threads discussing this already. Please use the other threads instead of crating new ones.
Locking this chain as it's outside the scope of what this sub is about (and because history has shown it just leads to arguments or endless rants).
Well, better late than never :/
Best way to get this achievement is to just keep diving for the exit. Run away from fights, upgrade defences where possible using free scrap events, don't bother trying to engage with the game properly. You might hit 1 or 2 snags like the above along the way, but you won't have much time invested and it will be quick enough before you nab the achievement. If you want you can combine this with Pacifism, No Upgrades and Wing and a Prayer (no repairs).
I'm more of a bouncy ball - I read something and pick at the bits I don't like and think of how I would do things differently.
A game that simulates the adventure of a Rogue, with specific traits around tactical decision-making in an uncertain environment where every decision matters. A game that requires you to be clever and inventive to win, and for which no simple walkthrough will help. This differs from many mainstream games which are more power fantasies, in which you cannot fail and the game just tries to make you feel good. Checklists of features always fail because you can find edge cases for each. What matters is the ill-defined rogueish spirit.
Wasn't it Varda who put the specific anti-evil blessing on?
If that's the case why did Maglor and Maedhros have a debate about stealing the Silmaril from Eonwe? Maglor seemed to want to drop the oath and suffer the consequences.
I always love "And it stank". There something incredibly resonant about that three syllable phrase. It's not 'beautiful' like "cellar door" but it sticks in the mind. Every time I change my baby's nappy the phrase comes to mind.
&gt; True, some did, though again it very strongly depends on their disposition towards the lords of the west, whether they remained faithful or 'turned' black. Many of the sons of Elros turned away, but crucially some did not, and Aragorn and Faramir are of their lineage. I think it's down to faith and humility. Some of the Numenorean kings were able to accept death as a part of their fate. Many others fought death instead, and so became corrupted. Hobbits are a very humble folk that accept their lot in life, for the most part. Sandyman doubtless would have been ensnared by the Ring, of course. Eowyn I think would fail because she lacked true faith and humility. She fell into despair seeing her house brought low, and was prideful about what her life should really be. Aragorn had an effect on her not unlike the Ring itself, giving her the temptation of a more noble life. I think the Ring would have given her visions of being a noble Queen that brings Rohan up to the stature of Gondor - nay, even greater than that decayed kingdom! She would have fallen easily. Aye, and the proud men that tried to cage her before would learn to know a woman's wrath...
&gt; A couple of other things would probably have to be true. To begin with, she'd have to know about the One Ring and the potential for wielding power that it offered. Smeagol didn't know about that but still fell quickly to the Ring's temptation. I don't think knowledge of it in that way is necessary for corruption. Just sight of it or close contact with it seems to be enough. It could easily worm her way into her mind as a precious thing to add glory to the heirlooms of Edoras, to add dignity where she saw it was lacking. It would grow in her mind as such an important thing that she would be compelled to act, seeing whoever held it as being a traitor to her house who was deliberately trying to keep her weak and impoverished in status. She's certainly no Smeagol, of course, so I don't see her murdering for it. Not right away, anyway. Having said that, I also think she demonstrated extreme personal devotion in the story, very willing to sacrifice or risk herself for others. She knows pity, and helps Merry out in letting him ride with her. It's hard to imagine her betraying Frodo in the way Boromir did. But of course Boromir himself showed somewhat of these traits too...
Your quote ignores the whole section where Eowyn stands up proudly against the Witch-King, uncowed by his gaze or his taunts. She laughs in his face. The only other person we see stand up to the Witch-King is Gandalf (and arguably Aragorn, though Aragorn makes it clear he is deathly afraid of the ringwraiths). Everyone else is reduced to terror and usually complete inaction by the mere presence of a Nazgul. The Witch-King physically crushed her, but not spiritually. I'm not sure if the Ring would have betrayed her like it did Isildur because I think once corrupted she would actually be a good tool for the Ring. She would be much more willing to use it in warfare, bringing herself into contact with its master who would crush her and take back his possession. That's what the Ring 'wanted', to the extent that the Ring has a will at all.
&gt; Yet you think EOWYEN could control HIM? I've said nothing of the sort - what are you talking about? I just object to your point about her being overwhelmed by the Witch-King. She defied him as few others could.
I said in my previous comment that she would think it would be a precious heirloom to add glory to her house. She was already highly insecure about the nobility of Rohan, and it was partly through this that Wormtongue brought her despair. &gt; "Think you that Wormtongue had poison only for Théoden's ears? *‘Dotard! What is the house of Eorl but a thatched barn where brigands drink in the reek, and their brats roll on the floor among their dogs?’* Have you not heard those words before? Saruman spoke them, the teacher of Wormtongue. Though I do not doubt that Wormtongue at home wrapped their meaning in terms more cunning. My lord, if your sister's love for you, and her will still bent to her duty, had not restrained her lips; you might have heard even such things as these escape them. But who knows what she spoke to the darkness, alone, in the bitter watches of the night, when all her life seemed shrinking, and the walls of her bower closing in about her, a hutch to trammel some wild thing in?" If Grima can play on such feelings then the Ring could too. She would perceive it less of an item of wealth and more as some proud status icon, a symbol of escape from the "reek" she perceived around her. This would not be too dissimilar to Isildur's motivation to take the Ring. He didn't do it out of desire for power, but justified it as a "weregild" and envisaged it as "an heirloom of the North Kingdom". Incidentally, for Smeagol I don't think it was just greed of gold that played on his mind, but also envy at someone else having treasure instead of him. Of course it's interesting that later when he knows more of the Ring's true nature his desire of it is more framed around its power to make him "Gollum the Great".
Post removed. There's no need to be rude.
Hi, I'm afraid promotional content relating to roguelites is generally removed here as the sub is more dedicated to traditional roguelikes. You may wish to post over on r/roguelites where a broader range of games get discussed. I do admire the "awardead" pun though :)
Can you please just report threads like this in future? There's no need to be rude to people.
I got so much shit for criticising Brogue's colours on Roguelike Radio! They're such a mess to me. I like clean, delineated colours in ASCII games.
I'm not sure there is any "intention". There's a bunch of stuff in there that if you didn't read the source you'd never figure out, including in older versions some pretty horrible traps for newcomers. So much of what's in Nethack is a case of "wouldn't it be funny if..." Being at least lightly spoiled is generally recommended. If you read a full ascension strategy you might find it a bit dull as it can turn into a "go through the motions" kind of game.
If your post title contains certain common roguelite titles it gets triggered. Sometimes it misfires :-/
Hot damn, that is one of the greatest new Tolkien facts I've read in a long time :)
I can't help but think Sam is not so dissimilar. He's a ninnyhammer to his Gaffer and often comes across as foolish in the story, but we see just what his plain, stout hobbitry achieves in the end.
!2128 Hi, new bot!
There is apparently a simplified display mode? I've not tried it properly. The tiles might also be easier to parse. It's a great game, just very (subjectively) ugly.
I'm not sure if there is a historical idea behind it, though there is certainly a lot of mythological ideas behind the land waiting for the king to return and restore things to past glory. The Arthur myth is a famous example. In the textual history of the Lord of the Rings it seems to have evolved out of Tolkien increasing the status of Aragorn as the story progressed. Originally 'Ond' was its own land, and at one point the rulers of Ond actually descended from usurpers that kicked the heirs of Isildur out. The idea of stewards came later, possibly with the introduction of Faramir and a nicer side to Gondor.
Did Aldarion know about Gil-galad's true thoughts on the rise of Sauron? I thought he was unaware. One issue with a contracted timeline like you suggest is it gets rid of the whole colonial period of Numenor, which it seems a shame to gloss over. Another approach could be to have an Aldarion and Erendis sidestory at some point, possibly even a between seasons special. There's not much motivation to do this for a general audience though - it would be fan service to very few people.
The divine conception idea came later in the development of the Christian religion. There's nothing in the teachings of Paul about this idea. Only the later written gospels include the notion. It's also unclear if people at the time understood the biological role of men in reproduction.
Huh, what an interesting article... I don't really know the details properly, but I've read and heard before that until relatively recently (historically speaking) it was not understood that the "seed" was something that would actually biologically fuse with an egg in the woman. The man was understood to have a "generative" effect or impulse that would trigger the woman to conceive with all biological matter coming from the woman, and [virgin births](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miraculous_births) or births without sex were a somewhat common myth. But I don't even know what terms to Google to get more proper info on this...
Orodreth should be the son of Angrod, not the son of Finarfin. This is a travesty of false storytelling that is crying out to be fixed.
Please don't post like this.
If you're tired of it then please stop perpetuating it by derailing a thread with more arguments. The original commenter gave useful advice and well-received to OP, there's no reason to stir up yet another debate in this thread. Comment chain locked.
&gt; but the jokes got old a long time ago You can take your lack of humour and shove it up Uranus!
You can ask, but I don't think it will listen.
Certainly for the Patriots.
Why fax it out in that case? Surely he could just ask to receive a report himself if he wanted to ensure the information was held.
I seem to remember in an early episode her saying that she sometimes flirts with other guys to get a reaction out of Bob and then Bob will beat them up. She said "I don't let it get too far... usually".
Smeagol, obviously! Torturous life and in the end is the one to destroy the Ring, sacrificing himself in the process.
Well you don't know how good their systems were. I'm guessing pretty poor in fact, as a fairly backwards and badly performing company. The accountants seem to use heavily paper-based systems. They may have had a client database, but I doubt they had a modern-style CRM with lots of detail tracking. Individual sales people would have been relied on to keep their own paper records.
A dance, if dance you call it...
Also actual rates of purchase on Android are quite low. Lots of developers have complained about how it's impossible to make return on investment on priced games on Android.
Nothing could be more productive than seeing all your hopes and dreams get dashed to pieces in the cold and unloving vacuum of space.
If dance you call it! &gt; Frodo deserved all honour because he spent every drop of his power of will and body, and that was just sufficient to bring him to the destined point, and no further. Few others, possibly no others of his time, would have got so far. **The Other Power then took over**: the Writer of the Story (by which I do not mean myself), 'that one ever-present Person who is never absent and never named' (as one critic has said). (Letter #192, emphasis mine)
Yes, I've published several games on itch.io using it.
Reddit is very anti vigilante justice. We need to look at reform options, not community driven capital punishment.
I don't think it's that clear. The voice doesn't come from Frodo's mouth, it comes from the wheel of fire at his chest - clearly the Ring. But one could interpret this instead as being Frodo wielding the Ring to issue a command.
&gt; It is a good theory but I think the genetic makeup of the Hobbits of the Shire left them unconcerned with wealth and gold beyond the need of food and comfort. Ted Sandyman and Lotho Sackville-Baggins would seem to negate that idea. Smeagol was a hobbit just like them.
Yes, I completely agree, I just see it as more cultural than genetic.
Does reading this put me on some Chinese list? :-/
In Tolkien's words, what punishment of God is not also a gift?
I posted the article to Twitter, not the thread.
So mean :(
Your flair says otherwise!
If reddit had profile pics...
Tolkien also did not do rigid world-building in the way OP describes. He made it up as he went along, inventing new concepts as they came to his head. For instance the whole history of Gondor didn't come to mind until a character named Faramir appeared in the middle of his writing. Treebeard was originally an evil giant serving Saruman - it wasn't until he got to writing that chapter that he decided to invent Ents as a race of tree-shepherds. Most world-building is not some architectural design that you do before you start writing your stories. Usually it's not until you start writing your story and have your characters explore their setting that things start coming to mind, and you start slotting the ideas into a cohesive world.
I have it, so it may well have been me :)
Removed as a low quality post.
I prefer like the wrath of the Valar!
Comment removed. No need for that sort of tone.
It was an innocent joke. You're the one taking it personally.
I'm not sure he was really a perfectionist. He was happy to share drafts with people. He submitted the Silmarillion to the publishers of the Hobbit in a vastly incomplete state, and kept insisting it should be published alongside LotR. His big problem was he was a niggler, which isn't quite the same as a perfectionist. Every time he revisited a story he couldn't help but have new ideas he'd want to throw in. Or he'd be compelled to rewrite the story entirely in verse. Or in Quenya. Or in Anglo-Saxon. He very rarely just picked up where he'd been before and kept on writing - he'd usually just start again from scratch and not get very far. I think in general he was more playing with writing than making a very serious effort to complete something. It was only pressure from the publishers (and monetary incentive) that made him complete LotR, in my opinion.
I was surprised to hear he's still going too, which is why I took your comment more in that vein. And yes, volunteer janitors is a good description. I guess it's just a bit rude to flat out accuse someone of doing that? In future if you're offended by someone's comment or feel you're being victimised then please report the comment instead of replying with an insult.
&gt; Well then why did you just say I was trying to be controversial? Your reply to the other commenter was rude and in violation of rule 2. There's no controversy to that. If you have a problem with my moderation you're welcome to make a complaint to the rest of the mod team.
Removing this thread as this really is a better fit over at r/roguelites. Hope you find some good discussion there!
Removing as promotional links to roguelikelikes are generally discouraged here.
Huh, you have certainly stumbled into the wrong subreddit then...
The size is ridiculous, and the paper quite thin. These books require a lot of going back and forth to check Christopher's notes, and the big volumes are very clumsy for that. It also makes looking up stuff very hard, since you can't just grab "Lays" and leaf through for the right poem, you have to grab a big tome and find the right part amongst a far bigger set of pages. In general it's a terrible design choice for the way in which enthusiasts actually use these books.
&gt; cull some of the filler Heh, as if we have filler here... If there's significant pushback on the anti-memes element of the rule then we'll remove it. "Low effort content" can still cover bad memes.
This thread is for open feedback. There's not really a secure way to do real voting, but it's something we could consider. What to do about the sub dying is a separate problem and worth it's own thread some time. What I don't want is that thread turning into the usual roguelike/roguelite debate.
Maybe we should have a dedicated Roguelike Definition Debate Day...
Comment removed for rule 1 violation. You also have a tonne of facts wrong. Please educate yourself on what Spelunky and BoI called themselves before acting so superior.
ADOM does this reasonably well. HyperRogue is really interesting in that it stops you making moves that would kill you (a bit like Chess). Certainly some games could do better on this front, as well as with highlighting important content more sharply so you don't miss getting disarmed amongst the "you miss the orc" spam.
I was always jealous of that cake as a kid. Bruce Bogtrotter is my personal hero.
Removed as low effort content. If you wish to post about this please resubmit as a text post with more context on why it belongs here.
Living in a city I have quite the opposite view. Indeed, I think this quote from Tolkien sums up my feelings nicely: "I have claimed that Escape is one of the main functions of fairy-stories, and since I do not disapprove of them, it is plain that I do not accept the tone of scorn or pity with which 'Escape' is now so often used. Why should a man be scorned if, finding himself in prison, he tries to get out and go home? Or if he cannot do so, he thinks and talks about other topics than jailers and prison-walls?"
His role in the fall of Numenor reminds me greatly of the vizier trope, which has roots back to 1001 Arabian Nights. His Annatar form has elements of this too. His dark lord form is more traditional evil overlord. His lieutenant role in the First Age is a little more unique.
Silmarillion might interest you more to some extent, though it still has some hard content to get through at the start.
Early on is a description of all the different gods and their characteristics. It's interesting, but quite flat reading. A lot of the creation section is like that. It's not really until it gets to Feanor that a more traditional narrative begins. About a third of the way through the book is Of Beleriand and Its Realms, which might be one of the most boring chapters ever written of any book, unless you happen to enjoy a text description of a map. Buuuut, when the story is good it's quite simply better than anything else. Day will come again!
Well, dive in then :)
The eye beam thing is a highly contentious element of the movie adaptation. Note that this sub is for the book content only. There are instances in the text of Sauron's gaze being a powerful force. But the same is also said of Aragorn and Gandalf and Varda. I don't think there's much evidence of it causing malediction - instead Sauron uses his gaze to dominate the wills of others. Domination is a key feature of his character.
Yeah, great point. We have lords of the underworld in lots of mythology, and lords whose realm it is perilous to enter, but not so much conquering dark lords trying to enforce their rule over the land.
I personally love the current Tolkien Professor read-along of Lord of the Rings. Although he's reading along he's addressing broader themes along the way. As such he's over 100 episodes in and only up to the Council of Elrond. It's hard to get more than 3 paragraphs discussed in two hour slots.
Removing as off topic and likely to just start arguments.
Wait, are we giving u/TolkienFansMod gold? I don't think it's good to encourage the bots like that - they might get uppity.
The podcast feed often lags behind. I've no idea why, but it's quite frustrating.
Any other company would be doing the same thing. I don't want to defend Amazon here, but let's not pretend they invented corporate greed.
There is a ZeldaRL out there. Some things I think would be great: - Dune, complete with difficult desert navigation, calling and riding sandworms and accidental nuclear explosions when using a lasgun against a shield - Babylon 5. In particular I'm thinking "Z'Ha'DumRL", with the tagline "If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die." Lots of different species to play, fight Shadows and their servants in the deep caverns. I've had a vague plan to make this some day, with a backstory being that Sheriden never came back from Z'Ha'Dum and the war with the Shadows was lost. The final boss would be a Sheridan-Kosh hybrid that has gone mad after being placed in a Shadow ship. - Anything Wild West. - Anything steampunk, with an interesting crafting system that doesn't rely on pre-defined recipes and is more about glueing component types together with unpredictable and explosive results. - FullMetal Alchemist. Lots of interesting powers to play with, lots of potential for fun boss fights. - Fallout. Kinda obvious potential there.
With procedurally generated one-liners every time you kill someone.
This is a pretty weak script. I'm glad it didn't make it in. Lots of cheesy humour, recycled jokes we've seen time and again, a clumsy murder mystery with no real stakes, and what sound like quite tepid action scenes.
Maybe, but it's very much unclear. He predates the invention of huorns by Tolkien, and it's never noted if Tolkien retroactively considered him part of that grouping. He could instead be an evil spirit infesting a tree, for instance, a bit like how the barrow wights are evil spirits infesting corpses.
Ahh, very nice! Fire + ions is an absolutely beautiful combo, though the fire drone is annoyingly unreliable.
If you enjoy the stuff about the Ainur and creation then the Silmarillion will blow you away. Note that many people struggle with a first read/listen of it. My strongest advice is to just power through and enjoy what snippets you understand. On a second or third reading the book really blossoms.
I think of it as more like magnetism. It had an effect on people's wills, and in certain circumstances behaved in certain ways, but not out of conscious choice.
Dazzling.
Thread removed as this is not leading to any productive discussion, and leans far too heavily on the explicit ban of movie whining in rule 3. Movie-fan whining is not any more welcome.
I personally think it's an embellishment of the story by Bilbo. Indeed I think that about a lot of The Hobbit. It's just so hard to fit large parts of the story into the more grounded, logical framework of the legendarium. The Hobbit was not initially intended to fit in, and the only way to make it properly fit is to say that Bilbo made stuff up (with the Gollum interaction being an admitted part of that).
Excess deaths is what we need to look at, but for many countries we don't get a clear look at that until months after the case. Regardless, the UK death rate has been bad by any measure. It's amazing that we don't have more national shame over what a poor job we've done in containing the virus. People like to blame the government (and rightly so for many things) but a big problem has been people's reticence to obey the distancing rules strictly. Lots of kids who think they're immune, lots of old people not taking it seriously, lots of families more interested in clapping than obeying.
People are angry and afraid. The pandemic is heightening those emotions, especially since it's shown to affect black people more. I disagree with having protests now, but I also understand why it's happening. This is an emotional time where everything is taken to more extremes - it's a natural time for a protest to happen.
There's no room for complexity on the Internet. People want easy answers, especially when it lets them blame other people.
Wouldn't guess that from the jobless figures. Other countries that have gotten their infection rates more under control have been able to open up faster than we can. UK has ended up in the horrible position of having done things slightly to half measures. We've had a major lockdown, big enough to massively wreck the economy, but not quite big enough to get the virus properly stamped out to allow a fast bounceback. The main achievement we can say is that the NHS didn't get toppled over, and that's really quite important.
Make sure you get The Shadow Within. It's the best of the lot.
You have to choose carefully who you follow and turn off the settings that flood your timeline with trending and suggested shit. Also turn off Moments.
Or maybe he ended up with Pam doing a lot for him at home and got so used to it that he forgot how to function properly when living independently. A lot of straight couples settle into quite traditional gender roles when living together, especially after kids.
But we'd never get any repairs done.
Yeah, B5 is littered with Orwellian tropes. I used to think it was a bit cheesily done at times - now it just looks prescient and understated.
I love your patient explanations, but in cases like this you can simply report the post for removal :)
Sure I thought it was a big boat.
Let's not pretend this is unusual or degraded behaviour from Trump. He's been spewing ridiculous conspiracy theories for decades. This isn't dementia, this is him being a dick.
Removed per rule 2.
Please strip out the video link if you want this post to stay up. A series about the movies is out of place here (please see the rules).
Check out Fable on your Table, free game recently released : https://lonespelunker.itch.io/fable-on-your-table
Great post, though I'm very sad to see *Lays* so far down your list. It's probably my second favourite of the whole HoME series (after *Morgoth's Ring*).
Removed per rule 3.
Or dirty rebels.
Yeah. It's honestly the smartest retcon in all of literature.
&gt; As it turned out, he had lost it and was unable to give it so he instead settled for showing Bilbo the way out. And was extremely apologetic about it!
Yeah, FMA:B dealing with the whole Nina plot in a single ep was a shock to the system when I watched it. In general I also find the Brotherhood series has a lot of long, extended fight scenes in which nothing really happens. They add nothing to the plot, and most of the time the outcome of the fight is very clear ahead of time or the combatants just disengage without any resolution. There's not the same strong plot pacing as the original series.
In the book he says if the Ring is destroyed then he himself will turn to dust. Which is quite possible given the centuries the Ring has stretched out his life for. Potentially some redemption was possible, but not real healing.
Legally Blonde is a perfectly fine desert island choice. Jim was being a dick about that.
Unfinished Tales is better after, as it has expanded or alternative versions of what you'll read in Sil.
Expect to not have the perfect reading experience first time. If you find yourself struggling to follow the plot, especially early on, just push through. On a second or third reading things will make more sense. There's still plenty to enjoy, mind. The first time you read Feanor's story your mind will be blown. The character and grandeur of the story are all immensely compelling. I don't recommend reading another book on the side, as it could be quite distracting.
This is my main strategy for finishing the game. I have a huge success rate with it.
Nice that it's free, but I can't help but be put off by how ugly the artwork is. It looks like they got a friend who offered to do it cheap for them.
This is exactly what's happening here. It's a war between the people and the police, with the police convinced they're the ones under attack and that they have to fight back. They know there is an existential threat to them and their way of working, and so they're lashing out at protesters and the media that they see as the enemy.
They're going to have a big bunch of invented characters. Some of them you'll like, some of them you won't. Practically every line of dialogue will be freshly written. I think people need to set their expectations right for this series. It can't be true to Tolkien, though it certainly can risk going completely off-rails. There's no way it will please everyone. Right now we don't even know what style of series it will take (drama, action, etc). We have to just go in with a blank slate of expectations, because it's far too easy to prejudge what we want it to be or what we assume it will be.
I didn't like any of the movies, so I'm pretty narrow-minded myself :P But yeah, the new series will have whole new arcs you might not agree with, and many many subplots you might not care for. Or it could have loads of cool new stuff you love. It's impossible to tell at this stage. You just can't judge it based on what's "new" as the whole damned lot will be new. As long as it doesn't include sexy Shelob I'll be vaguely happy...
It'll be like *Dr Strangelove*, where the original intention was a serious movie but the whole subject was so bizarre that Kubrick ended up making it into a comedy.
Better late than never... These reviews have been in the work for quite a while, but Covid-19 came smack in the middle and sucked out a lot of the momentum behind the work. In the end we completed 363 reviews across 171 games, ensuring that every game entered got at least 1 review (even the print and play *Fable at Your Table*) and most of the top games got 3 reviews with written feedback. Super thanks to all our hard-working reviewers for making this happen! Note that the itch.io site isn't providing accurate review scores right now. We're trying to get that fixed. The site linked above has the accurate stats, and lets you sort by different categories etc. There are some really top games released this year, and lots of inventive ones too. Go out and play some and post about your favourites!
Frodo is amazing at cultural sensitivity when speaking to others. He knows all the right words and phrases with every race and faction he comes across. Gildor and Gloin both seem particularly impressed by this, and he makes a big impression on Faramir and Galadriel too. In comparison Sam and Pippin both regularly put their feet in their mouths.
Comment removed. There's no need for personal remarks like this.
We don't see any other evidence for that, so I think it's a bit of a stretch to assume. The Ring was a tool for domination, and we see it cause fear and temptation, not charisma. Plus I think it takes away from Frodo to claim this is part of the Ring instead of part of him. I think he was charismatic before he got the Ring, and it's partly to show off how well Bilbo raised him.
And there was no need to respond as you did. Follow the rules, please.
It's too retain consistency with previous year scoring systems, before we used itch.io. Unfortunately itch forces us to use a 1-5 system - to keep out decade old scoring system we use 2-4 for all games.
I petition that we should make 'Brandon' the male version of Karen in honour of this total Karen.
Where is your point on the spiritual significance of the stone sourced from? I don't think I've ever read anything about that.
1-3 is what we had (low, medium, high). We've moved it to 2-4. We might end up just switching to 1-5.
But it takes a certain skill to get to a position where you can say weird stuff like that and still have half the country love you. I don't think it's genius, mind. It's some sort of instinctual thing. He's has a knack for this mad evil dictator stuff.
I seriously can't imagine ice boxes in Middle-Earth, with the potential exception of Gondor. More likely he had a cold larder in a deep hole. Which would be fine for most of the food discussed, I've just never heard of cold chicken stored in such larder - normally it would be salted and cured meats.
The killing of Glaurung is a mighty deed that should not be understated. For all that went wrong in Turin's life we can still look at that as a a amazing accomplishment. No other human has defeated a creature of such stature as Glaurung.
Alternative source: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/200-nebraska-farmers/
Sorry, I couldn't find an appropriate TikTok link.
Post removed. This is a discussion focused sub, not a place to just advertise your content.
It technically does have that in-built chance already, since if the flak distribution misses the rooms they don't hit. But in practice this is fairly rare, especially on bigger ship profiles.
Even then the charge time would be too long.
Looks pretty cool! Have you thought about making print and play pieces for the ship rooms? Or a Tabletop Simulator version! One thing I notice is missing is walls between rooms - with the tiles you're using everything is connected, when that's not necessarily the case in the real game. Maybe you need a token between rooms to indicate if it's a wall or door, and what level of door. My thoughts on a few of your questions: - Fire location in room doesn't matter. It just ends up that bigger rooms can support more fire squares, making them potentially harder to deal with. A room is either on fire or not. - Fire damages a system over time, much like crew attacking a system. I'm not sure of the rate of damage, but it seems similar to the rate of crew attack and it might be easier to model it that way (the more you can streamline rules in a board game the better). I'd say in your setup it takes two turns for fire to damage a system bar. - Multiple fires in a room don't increase the rate of damage. I'm not sure if they increase the chance of spreading to other rooms. - Broken doors remain broken for a period of time. Maybe 2 turns in your system? Or you might want to make it longer if it suits your game mechanics better. Remember that a 1v1 fight requires some rules alteration to remain interesting. - Defence drones always hit. However with some ship layouts there is a region that the drones just don't cover. You might find it easier to ignore this and say that the drones always take down one projectile a turn. On manned bonuses, one way to add granularity is dice rolls. For instance: - Manned pilot gets a 1 in 6 chance to evade otherwise non-evaded shots. Same with engines. - Manned weapons get a 1 in 6 chance to add an extra charge pip to a weapon after it is fired. - Manned shields get a 1 in 6 chance to restore 2 shields instead of 1 when shields are recharged. A nice thing about these is it gives a discrete feeling that the crew are making a difference. You get to feel great about your pilot when he dodges a shot that otherwise would have hit. I'd say it's not worth taking experience into account, as it would involve having to track numerous stats on every character for very little extra result. Unless you want some characters to automatically start experienced, which would mean increasing their bonuses above to 2 in 6.
You could justify this as the fountain becoming ruined by poison. But it's likely a developer oversight... I've certainly made coding mistakes like that in the past myself.
It's kinda sad, since they obviously put some work into coding a level generator, but didn't include the fairly trivial connectivity check.
It's a full proto-history and history of the world of Middle-Earth, from the Song of Creation up to the downfall of Morgoth, Sauron's lord. The events of the Lord of the Rings are included after this, but only take up a few lines in the context of everything else.
The blue wizards would be a suitable step down in power. They'd be similar to Saruman, possibly weaker in fact, and the book doesn't hold back in describing how pathetic Saruman is in comparison to Sauron. &gt; for all those arts and subtle devices for which he forsook his former wisdom, and which fondly he imagined were his own, came but from Mordor; so that what he made was naught, only a little copy, a child's model or a slave's flattery, of that vast fortress, armoury prison, furnace of great power, Barad-dûr, The Dark Tower, which suffered no rival, and laughed at flattery, biding it's time, secure in its pride and its immeasurable strength.
Can you imagine how screwed Russia would be if the EU and US were properly united against it? Sigh...
Coordinated sanctions could cripple it economically. Even better if they're targeted appropriately at the ruling elite.
I would argue that hygiene in general is much better in Japan. People go on about mask use because it's such a visible and obvious thing, but washing hands is the actual number 1 piece of medical advice and it rarely gets repeated in spite of very poor hand washing in many countries.
Same in the UK. The mask is a physical symbol of "I care about following the rules" and it creates a social pressure for others to do the same. It's also a big visual reminder that we're not in normal times.
Huh, I was fooled by the appearances then. Everything always seemed so clean and hygienic in Japan.
Aerosol transmission is weak, especially outdoors. Surface transmission is far more likely, as our hands go literally everywhere, even when social distancing. If using a mask you should especially be washing your hands frequently as if you touch the mask (which you have to do) you are potentially introducing pathogens to your face. I think we should be using every tool we have, but the reddit obsession of mask wearing with zero mention of hand washing is completely off kilter.
They talked about "tree-men", which in this case simply means someone as big as a tree - ie. giants.
He's saying that the top UK scientists should make policy recommendations on the basis of nursery rhymes instead of peer-reviewed evidence.
Yes, like thousands of times more reliable. Honestly, the reddit high horse about mask usage is insufferable. Mask usage is more akin to herbal medicine right now in terms of scientific backing. I wear a mask in public enclosed spaces, but I sure as heck don't judge others for not doing so when there is so little clear evidence.
"Might in arms" just means skill with weaponry. Tulkas is still going to beat him hand to hand. How he'd fair against Sauron, necromancer and lord of werewolves, is unclear.
The greatest people always come with the most pride. Pride is oft the cardinal sin in Tolkien's work, and we see it corrupt characters and lead them down dark paths. The true heroes embrace humility and accept their place in the world.
"surpassed by none in Arda" I take to mean even the Valar. But then Tolkien's superlatives are sometimes confusing. Good point on that Gandalf quote!
Are you actually interested in serious discussion about this? Or did you just feel like chipping in with flippant jokes? Because I'll happily discuss this seriously, but only if you're going to respond in kind.
6-9 are what I started with, since I'd read LotR so many times by that stage. I absolutely love all the different drafts and seeing how things evolved and changed - especially the early stuff when it was clearly an entirely different book in a different world. It's really amazing if you're interested in how the writing process works.
Shiren the Wanderer is a highly respected roguelike.
Pretty sure they meant Japanese roguelikes. Very few of them make it over here, and very very few to PC.
Two balrogs did die in the Fall of Gondolin, from the hands of two of their mightiest warriors (who themselves were likely not as strong as Fingolfin). One important detail is that the people killing balrogs also died themselves. It seems that to kill a balrog one must be mighty in stature *and* be willing to put your entire life on the line. It's jot a simple matter of x beats y because x = 50 and y = 40. There are no simple power levels in Tolkien.
"Only 60%". Let's be honest here, there's no way we'll get above 25% participation.
International cooperation would mean having to adapt to the policies of every individual nation. It would have slowed down the initial scoping to a giant clusterfuck of disagreements and arguments that would have lasted months. This is one area where individual governments can move much faster. It's also kinda good that we have multiple governments making different versions, and that some of the best ones can end up being ported to other countries easily. I wouldn't be surprised if in a couple of months we end up with 2 or 3 top apps getting widespread use amongst many countries.
I think there's also the element of "the bone isn't a bone any more". Just because something was an ingredient doesn't mean it's a separate thing worthy of analysis any more. Tolkien borrowed elements of Jewish culture for the Dwarves, but the Dwarves are not Jews and discussing them like that leads you down completely the wrong path. You end up missing the unique flavour of the soup if all you do is keeping looking out for where the bones ended up.
That and the apple throw. Take five steps to the bin, you lazy arse. Or put it in the food waste bin in the kitchen like a civilised person.
Caramel Digestives are the best for dunking. The caramel keeps the biscuit together to allow for maximum saturation without disintegration. Also, yummy caramel.
Yes, indeed - Fingolfin was at that moment possibly more imbued with power than any of the Children had ever been before.
Comment deleted per rule 1. Have a think about your tone and your posting style. The downvotes are absolutely not on your side in this thread.
Yeah, as a bland white guy that goes to lots of board gaming events and tournaments I see women all the time. Sure women are under-represented, and we need to do more to fix that, but the idea that anyone experienced or properly involved with the community would see girls as unicorns is so weird to me. I can only assume that a significant portion of these are guys that have been stuck in little cliques with a very narrow view of the world.
That's just a badly written article that looks at a very narrow range of quotes and logics its way into some strange outputs. Tolkien specifically states that Orcs multiplied in the same way as elves and men - why doubt that?
There was also the time he tried to engineer a threesome with her and Kelly.
I'm not saying he'd have a chance, but I'm also not saying he'd resist Eonwe one on one, or that the outcome is in any way obvious. Sauron would resort to dark powers and dirty tricks that Eonwe wouldn't think of. I think the main reasons he made no attempt at resistance were dismay at seeing the fall of his master and the fact that Eonwe headed a huge, continent-conquering army. Your points about "a girl and her dog" and "surrendered to a mortal king" are flippant. You must surely know how poor a description that is of the circumstances.
None of that info is in any way available to mods. Please refrain from making baseless accusations like this. If you have a problem with a user's behaviour you can file a mod report. Try to pick a personal fight like this and we'll have to take serious action against you.
You can write a message here: https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ftolkienfans Your reports in this thread have been reviewed by the mods and there was nothing rule-breaking found. Quite frankly you seem to be the one being disrespectful here.
This sort of post is completely out of line. Please learn to be more respectful of other posters. If you can't keep yourself out of personal attacks then don't post at all. 7 day ban.
Why would there be no real way to transfer ownership? Bilbo and Same both gave it up. Frodo freely offers the Ring to Gandalf, Aragorn and Galadriel. How well he could have practically followed through with those offers is unclear, but there seemed at least some possibility. It wasn't until later that he was clearly unable to part with the Ring, and that was after much suffering to wear down his will, greater proximity to Mordor, and after he used the Ring as a tool to subjugate Gollum.
It's not mentioned, but it's easy to assume that he might have further tools like a long knife and there is talk of him hunting in the wild.
&gt; The idea that Balrog spirits all chose to create the same type of bodies over and over again What do you mean by over and over again? There are only a small handful of them, at most 7 according to Tolkien. And they are clearly stated to be Maiar in his service, nothing further. Arien, Maia of the Sun, is said to be of their order but uncorrupted by Morgoth, implying that there was a set of them with similar characteristics before Morgoth was even involved. &gt; But he was not alone. For of the Maiar many were drawn to his splendour in the days of his greatness, and remained in that allegiance down into his darkness; and others he corrupted afterwards to his service with lies and treacherous gifts. Dreadful among these spirits were the Valaraukar, the scourges of fire that in Middle-earth were called the Balrogs, demons of terror. &gt; Among those of his servants that have names the greatest was that spirit whom the Eldar called Sauron, or Gorthaur the Cruel. It's not that clear what Balrogs looked like, of course, and what variance there might be between them. There's no need to assume they had a uniform appearance. The only known commonality is their fiery nature and their whips. But if they are of uniform appearance then I would point to this line in the Ainulindule: "The other had now achieved a unity of its own; but it was loud, and vain, and endlessly repeated; and it had little harmony, but rather a clamorous unison as of many trumpets braying upon a few notes." It implies that those who allied to Morgoth from before time stuck to a few small discordant notes, lacking the variety and subtlety of Iluvatar's themes.
Alas, the moderation powers are just as corrupting as the One Ring itself...
One could potentially imagine a circumstance where Frodo takes the Ring to Mordor and then passes it to Gandalf or Aragorn to cast into the fire. Whether he could really pass it or not in that circumstance is unclear, and would depend a lot on his mental state at that point. But if he was still willing to give up the Ring in Lothlorien then I imagine he could have gone further still with the same attitude. Of course this would be a more boring story and would fail to enforce the overarching theme of the Ring as a corrupting power.
Removed as low effort. Please talk about the game. Art assets don't say anything at all about the game.
*No dictator, no invader can hold an imprisoned population by force of arms forever. There is no greater power in the universe than the need for freedom. Against that power, governments and tyrants and armies cannot stand. The Centauri learned this lesson once. We will teach it to them again. Though it take a thousand years, we will be free.*
With Londo the coin landed on its edge.
Bombs are 100% better though.
Brighton looks quite sensible.
7 day ban. Dare to post like this again and you will be permanently barred.
7 day for flagrantly violating rule 2. If you repeat this behaviour again then this will be made permanent. This sort of behaviour is not in any way acceptable here.
It's not known. Why you're having an argument rather than a discussion is beyond me. This is the sort of thing that needs open analysis, not one side vs the other. Although it's not known we do see Luthien able to sing Morgoth to sleep, so one might presume she could do the same to Sauron. But it's not guaranteed. Morgoth was caught off guard, and may simply be worse at spellcraft by this stage than Sauron. There's no simple x &gt; y in Tolkien's world.
The distinction comes in cases right now, not deaths to date. Not that international comparisons are terribly useful when the counting systems are so different everywhere.
The Independent aren't stupid, they just love sensational headlines that rile up left wingers. All part of the Russian attempts at spreading political chaos in the West, riling up right and left at cartoon versions of each other.
The newspaper and the website are wildly different from each other. The newspaper is very well respected, whilst the website is clickbait nonsense.
Most new viewers are advised to just watch the series as normal. The movies are "bonus" content for more dedicated viewers. Some of the viewing guides around are really not aimed at first time viewers, and there#s no universally agreed one. Also most of the movies and spinoffs are of much lower quality than the main series. Interspersing them into the show can really ruin things. Especially the ones that cram season 5 with a bunch of extra crap - s5 suffers enough already, I can't think of anything worse than throwing LotR into the mix.
Could have easily been much worse with Maglor in charge. You can see how he gets pushed into a course of action he feels is wrong by Maedhros - wouldn't the same happen with Celegorm and Curufin whispering in his ear about the need to do x, y, z? Doubtless there are many things Maedhros resisted that Maglor would have given in to.
You should be coming out of sector 1/2 with cloaking level 3. That's the whole point of the ship - make yourself immune to a huge portion of enemies with 15s of cloaking and have very little reliance on luck.
Thread locked and removed. This discussion has been had a thousand times. You're entitled to your opinion, but don't barge in here telling everyone else how to think.
Tolkien went through a lot of different ideas of how he wanted things published. One major idea that stuck around a while and had a few variations was to have the Quenta Silmarillion similar to what we've gotten from Christopher with the three great tales (Beren and Luthien, Children of Hurin, Fall of Gondolin) published as their own books. This is why Christopher has published all of these recently, even though Children of Hurin is the only one that really fits the vision. Tolkien also played with the idea of publishing poetic versions of these instead of having them as narratives.
Reddit has no understanding of subtlety and likes to get angry over petty things.
It's absurd, right? It's almost like it's a joke! J O K E. Joke. This fucking thread...
Nope. If it was you'd see some correlation between major protest locations and spikes in cases. Instead it correlates with weak lockdown rules or low adherence to rules.
Well there's this bit: &gt; But of Olórin that tale does not speak; for though he loved the Elves, he walked among them unseen, or in form as one of them, and they did not know whence came the fair visions or the promptings of wisdom that he put into their hearts. But I'm guessing instead you're interested in: &gt; Then Melkor lusted for the Silmarils, and the very memory of their radiance was a gnawing fire in his heart. From that time forth, inflamed by this desire, he sought ever more eagerly how he should destroy Fëanor and end the friendship of the Valar and the Elves; but he dissembled his purposes with cunning, and nothing of his malice could yet be seen in the semblance that he wore. Long was he at work, and slow at first and barren was his labour. But he that sows lies in the end shall not lack of a harvest, and soon he may rest from toil indeed while others reap and sow in his stead. Ever Melkor found some ears that would heed him, and some tongues that would enlarge what they had heard; and his lies passed from friend to friend, as secrets of which the knowledge proves the teller wise. Bitterly did the Noldor atone for the folly of their open ears in the days that followed after. &gt; When he saw that many leaned towards him, Melkor would often walk among them, and **amid his fair words others were woven, so subtly that many who heard them believed in recollection that they arose from their own thought**. Visions he would conjure in their hearts of the mighty realms that they could have ruled at their own will, in power and freedom in the East; and then whispers went abroad that the Valar had brought the Eldar to Aman because of their jealousy, fearing that the beauty of the Quendi and the makers' power that Ilúvatar had bequeathed to them would grow too great for the Valar to govern, as the Elves waxed and spread over the wide lands of the world.
&gt; I honestly think this is really just looking way too much into something that isn't there based on current events. Let's not pretend this is a new observation. People have been uncomfortable with this aspect of Tolkien for decades.
Personally I'm uncomfortable with even the bits about bloodline purity. I don't like the idea that the Tooks are somehow special in Hobbit culture, or that kings are somehow special. These are aspects of the fantasy setting, but I doubt a modern-day Tolkien would write like this. The big thing to remember is that Tolkien's early life was an extremely different era, when you had a proper class system in England. He served in the trenches where the rich boys were officers and the poor boys were batmen or other subservient roles, and everyone knew their place and did their duty. It was an unimaginably different way of looking at society compared to today, and that's not even getting into race and gender. That doesn't mean we should just accept it or pretend it's not there, of course.
After the breaking of the fellowship is when Sam becomes a lens character and we start hearing his thoughts more clearly. Before that we followed Frodo's thoughts instead. So it wasn't until we really had the opportunity to see Sam think about Frodo as "master". It's very hard to consider any sort of Ring influence on Sam in relation to this, as he so thoroughly rejected the Ring's influence later. Also I feel it strongly takes away from Tolkien's explicit assertion that Sam was modelled on the WWI "batman".
Turin rescues her, they run away together in secrecy and fall in love. She convinces him to renounce his pride and no longer seek glory in battle, and so he stays hidden from Morgoth and the curse. They become another union of elf and man, and have a child that is fated to do great things in the world. They perhaps manage to get to Doriath to prevent the dreadful expedition to search for Turin from occurring. Turin takes up wood-working and dies old and content, though a part of him always dreams of what glorious things he could have achieved. Glaurung remains in Nargothrond and remains a terror there for many years. But people learn to avoid the region and he becomes too fat and lazy to venture far. Hurin is never released from captivity, and Morgoth kills him in spite as Hurin laughs in his face. Morgoth never learns of Gondolin's whereabouts and Doriath is never set in strife by the delivery of the Nauglamir. Earendil grows up in peace in an intact Gondolin, but a restlessness comes on him and he takes up voyaging to sea with his father. Tolkien actually writes all this down in a complete set of stories. The War of Wrath occurs with much more strength of arms across Beleriand, and the continent does not need to be torn apart to defeat Morgoth. Many fair things are preserved that otherwise would have been lost. But all of this doesn't happen because Turin decided to take advice from a dragon...
The sidebar is due an overhaul at some point... But in the other hand I find sidebars never really get read.
I suggest Brogue for that feeling in classic roguelike form. Very tightly designed, lots of variety between plays, lots of difficult circumstances that you have to tactic your way through. Also it has the same element of FTL that is about adapting to what you find - you can't just go in with a preset strategy in mind, you have to adapt to good weapons and items and make a build on the fly around what you find.
