So I managed to use the Playoff Predictor to finagle a scenario where the playoffs result in the divisional round being the same as in 2006 with one exception, that the Colts play the Chiefs in the divisional round and Ravens in the wild card instead of vice-versa as it was in 2006. So Pats over Chargers, Colts over Chiefs, Bears over Seahawks, Saints over Eagles, then Colts over Patriots and Bears over Saints, then Colts over Bears. Alternately I figured out another way so that the Colts play the Chiefs in the wild card round but it would require the Colts and Patriots swapping opponents in the divisional round (Colts-Chargers and Pats-Ravens). From this we can conclude I have too much time on my hands.
You would expect a fair number of people to get tested 4 times in a row in a season. In any 4 game stretch the expected number of players tested 4 times in a row is a bit over 2.
Nagy, Reich, Lynn, Carroll, Vrabel in that order. Also, whoop-dee-fricking-doo, Carroll's team started 0-2 in an alleged rebuilding year. We started 1-5 with longer preseason Super Bowl odds than the Seahawks.
I'll grant them the debt-free part I suppose, all other things being equal.
The Texans, Colts, and Titans are 14-1 in non-divisional games since week 8. In fact we were undefeated from week 8 to week 15, until Houston lost to the Eagles on Sunday. Jags were 1-4. Of course, the Texans, Colts, and Titans were 5-10 in non-divisional games from week 1 to 7. Jags were 3-2. Quite a turnaround.
Negligent homicide by pedantry.
Think Mike Singletary without the coaching acumen.
It is better than random distribution, their preseason top 10 is now at an average of 14.2 and their preseason bottom 10 is at an average of 20.1 (middle 12 average 15.4). It’s just when you specifically look at the current top 10 it looks worse.
Also the car was on fire.
Generally speaking the most common picks people were critical of were Leonard and starting right tackle Braden Smith, whose first start at RT coincided with the start of our sack-free streak. NFL.com: &gt; I thought there were better players on the board when they picked Leonard and Smith early in the second round, however. WalterFootball liked Leonard, but not Smith (or Turay or Lewis. &gt;I don't hate Braden Smith, or anything, as I thought he could go in the second round. However, some teams had him in the third frame. What bothers me is that the Colts already have three solid guards, so where does Smith fit in? [Bleacher Report's 8 worst draft picks of 2018.](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2773118-nfl-draft-2018-results-reviewing-this-years-worst-picks#slide2) &gt;The Indianapolis Colts' selection of South Carolina State linebacker Darius Leonard with the fourth pick in the second round was one of the draft's worst moves. . . . For whatever reason, we woke up Friday in a world where Indianapolis thought taking an FCS linebacker in the top 40 was a good idea. . . . The selection was turned in with running backs Ronald Jones, Kerryon Johnson and Derrius Guice still on the board. USA Today gave us a C-, saying: &gt;However, those Round 2 picks ... OLB Darius Leonard, G Braden Smith, pass rusher Kemoko Turay and DE Tyquan Lewis — all felt like possible reaches for a roster that can't afford more misses. Yahoo was fine with Leonard but didn't like Smith: &gt;The other second-round pick, Braden Smith, was another guard and probably a reach with many good running backs on the board. Kiper liked our draft but never mentioned Leonard at all. FanSided: &gt;It’s a good thing the Colts nailed their first pick . . . Unfortunately for Colts fans, nothing the team did after that was remotely impressive. . . . The Colts had a lot of picks, but they failed to come away with the talent they should have. This year’s draft was a huge missed opportunity for the Indianapolis front office. Washington Post: &gt;There is reason to wonder, however, if the Colts made the most of their four second-rounders. SI.com was fine with Leonard, but hated Nelson and Smith (The pick of Nelson actually got a D+): &gt;But instead of tapping Nelson at No. 6 and Braden Smith in the second round, the Colts could have aided their existing O-line (which is not great, but not the dumpster fire people think) by installing a quicker-strike passing game. . . . We only say this because the defense entered the draft three or four players away from even being in dire straits. In fairness, a number of people did like the Leonard pick, and the draft in general.
Does Phillip Walker even bother leaving the facility at this point? "Yo Phil we're releasing you." "Cool, cool." *20 minutes later* "Yo Phil we're signing you." "Cool, cool."
It’s not bad as satire of parents who hear some insane bullshit parenting advice and consult with all the wrong people on the topic. Asking your pastor about a toothpaste diet for your child is patently ridiculous enough to be a pretty clear “this is satire” signal.
It's like the white slot receiver of headlines.
.....at least he's not a hypocrite?
I don't see anything in the article about him demanding a great deal of punctuality from his players. Certainly not Tom "3 minutes early means you're fired" Coughlin or Bill "you should have left for the facility earlier if you knew it was going to be the apocalypse" Belichick.
Because it’s not 5 minutes early. 3 minutes early is 2 minutes late.
He said *entertainment.*
Ah, cool. My gym teacher always used to say "no pain no gain" and made us run until we passed out. Of course, we were in like second grade, so it was probably a little different.
In actuality he's had so few attempts down by 2 scores (the same amount as he's had ahead by 2 scores, and less than half that he's had behind by more than 2 scores) that it's probably just random noise. But his passer rating when he's behind by 1 score is pretty impressive at over 118.
While that's true, it accounts for about 13.5% of his yards. Substantial, but not enough to account for his productivity overall, and as I've posted elsewhere in the comments here, his passer rating when down by 1 score is remarkably good, over 118.
I hid this uncomfortable post up my ass for two years.
Because... body... of... work... matters...
Fun fact about Josh McCown, he went 10-12 from 2003-2005 for the Arizona Cardinals when all their other QBs (Kurt Warner, Jeff Blake, Shaun King, and John Navarre) combined went 5-21.
I wouldn't worry too much, these things tend to get resolved just before angry customers are likely to get involved.
https://i.imgur.com/Ogq7WLt.jpg
The team won 12 games...
Possibly compensating for CB weakness.
I'm still convinced Welsh is an elaborate practical joke being played on the English.
Adam Vinatieri is nearly 8 and a half years older than Nick Sirianni. Nick Sirianni is the Indianapolis Colts offensive coordinator. He is only just over 3 and a half years younger than Chris Ballard. Chris Ballard is the Indianapolis Colts general manager. He is nearly 10 years older than Raymond Ventrone. Raymond Ventrone is the Indianapolis Colts special teams coach. Adam is being directly coached by a guy born a decade after him.
Technically Bill took McAfee I think, Chris Polian was given the GM job that November. Hughes was good but we misused him. Angerer and Conner were probably better than a couple of the guys you mentioned.
What, no lutefisk?
......what year is it?
You could put an arrow in the bottom left and add “HERE BE CARDINALS” in an old-timely script.
Upon further review, the ruling on the field is both confirmed and overturned.
Well, went into this week down about 30 in my 2-week championship match. Now I need Hilton, Ebron, and Vinatieri to outscore Corey Davis by 21.6 to tie. Could happen. And also I happen to be a Colts fan, so there's that.
Mack's stiff arm might be his most underrated quality.
Loaded the shotgun and led him out behind the barn would have been a bit mean-spirited.
The fuck is this game? Two of the absolute worst mistakes of the season in pretty quick succession.
Vrabel always looks so constipated.
Oooh, got away with that.
It’s called being smart.
Gimme a D! Gimme an R! Gimme an O! Gimme a Y!
Pretty sure I missed almost all of Ebron's good weeks but played him for his bad ones.
You know the reverse jinx doesn't work if you do it on *purpose*.
Twisting the knife there a bit, aren't ya?
https://i.imgur.com/U6xWtZJ.jpg
Y'all probably don't want to do this.
By 2.2 points
You didn’t have to go out to the end of the limb, but at least stop hugging the trunk.
Jags gonna Jag.
&gt; It's been a long while since a team without a bye made it to the Super Bowl. Sure, it's been a few years, but it happened 7 out of 8 years between 2005 and 2012.
Sure, still a 51-28-1 record overall this season for those teams.
Realistically, with the personnel you had, what sort of offensive strategy was going to give you a productive offense?
Cool, we’re one of only two teams to finish top 10 in both offense and defense. Granted, that would be 10th and 10th.
I feel like this needs more context. When did this happen? What sort of changes have there been in company management and policy since then? Nickelodon actually has a new president as of late last year; Viacom, their parent company, replaced their CEO about 2 and a half years ago. Is that VP still with the company? Did that VP's actions seem to reflect company policy at the time? A corporation isn't a sentient being, it doesn't have opinions of its own. Corporate positions simply reflect the positions of the people operating it, and who is running it can change all the time, before even getting into how people themselves can change. I'd need a lot more than "the company says X now, but at an indeterminate time in the past someone working for the company said Y" to get me to castigate them for it.
He's got some degree of talent, and his more normal stuff is *fine*, he's just a regular customer at the creepy batshit emporium.
Is he ever going to clean the marmalade off his uniform?
"admitted to it" in the sense of "yeah we did it and we're not fucking sorry."
See also, long comment chains of people trying to one-up each other in who can devise the most excruciating torture for criminals.
Never gonna make it in this league with *that* kind of attitude.
Whether he is or he isn't, and his post history doesn't exactly scream "troll", he's not wrong that there are some subs on here that are decidedly on the left where the communities there use some rather concerning rhetoric.
https://i.imgur.com/mZpHkt3.gifv
Still better than the alternative. Here’s the thing, let’s say you’re a CEO who is staunchly pro-LGBT. Well, that puts you in a bit of a bind. If you use your company to further the cause, you get criticized for pandering just for the money. If you stay silent you get criticized for not using your platform to try to promote positive change. We’re pretty much OK with people in the entertainment industry using their platform for social causes, why not people in the automotive industry or insurance industry or whatever?
&gt; Disney is remaking animated films to retain the trademark and copyright protection. [This is extensively untrue.](https://www.plagiarismtoday.com/2019/04/09/why-disneys-remakes-dont-rest-its-copyright/)
I promise I'll check them out as soon as I stop chuckling at the name.
I'm not sure they've ever recovered from making him a bit of a twat in the first one.
Well, he's got teeth presumably, although that's more of an unmasking in the Ramsay Bolton sense.
Wait, people thought Dark Phoenix was going to be good?
First time I remember seeing him in something was as Chris Kraft in From the Earth to the Moon. &gt;Rendezvous: two spacecraft meeting up in orbit. Want to have fun? Come over to my house. You stand in the back yard, I'll stand in the front, you throw a tennis ball over my roof and I'll try to hit it with a rock as it comes sailing over. That's what we're going to have to do.
&gt; Conservatives think logically https://i.imgur.com/gqudAFv.jpg
Youtube: OKAY FINE WE'LL BAN NAZIS AND BIGOTS. Twitter: Thanks but we'll just stick with banning people for using "TERF", *the most vile slur of them all.*
Well yeah but that's not as pithy. :P
Sorry pleated pants wearers, the Bible says you're going to hell.
Counterpoint: Stargate.
"And your dessert options for this evening are a fun size snickers or a 5 gallon tub of vanilla ice cream."
tbh it's probably because the only thing the left hates more than the right is the wrong kind of left.
Somewhere a sociologist is furiously scribbling notes.
&gt; When Republicans send their people, they aren’t sending their best. Frightening thought: what if they *are*?
I’m so uncomfortable right now.
Yeah, probably. The other 2 that come to mind are Sucker Punch and Insomniac.
Well, Atlus is owned by Sega, and they're the developer that this discussion began with.
Rat bastards.
Social media companies: Our PR blunders are the worst. NCAA: Hold my beer.
There’s trigger happy and then there’s Yosemite fuckin’ Sam.
Well you've got to have good graphics for the atmospheric lighting and dramatic vistas and high-texture dragons and oh wait I'm playing Skyrim again aren't I ah well.
Well, I like beer. Right now I'm drinking a cab, but I like beer too!
What about a vampire hunter who is a vampire? Or a vampire hunter hunter who's not even a vampire but is just a normal dude?
So... you're watching it for the Plott?
You just need to find a woman who is pathetic, like you.
The impression I got was that the quote was being attributed TO the Trump supporters in the comic though. I suppose we could add “confusing” to the issues with the comic.
&gt;and hope no one takes advantage of the vacuum or counter-rebels You'd have better luck hoping for fairies and unicorns tbh.
I don't necessarily disagree with the point you've been making, but I don't think people having a different interpretation of a set of facts means they're being cruel. Especially when those facts are lacking important context. Additionally, a game or film or book portraying something reprehensible isn't an endorsement of that thing.
I could fill several volumes with the posts on reddit I've spent double-digits in terms of minutes on then deleted because it *just. wasn't. fucking. worth it.*
Oh, sure, it's almost always people who piss me off in some way, it's just, if I post this five paragraph reply, then he's gonna reply with something else stupid, then I'm gonna have to reply again, and now I'm preemptively tired of this shit.
Hot take: Keanu was cool and Nintendo had some neat shit but the only thing that got me all tingly was the trailer for Halo Infinite.
I had to go over to the game sub to figure out what everyone was going on about. Here you go: https://i.redd.it/mrmocg4gts331.gif
&gt; btw fuck TERFs https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/488/196/4db Ban me Twitter I dare ya.
Well, sure, but if your goal is to make serious social commentary in art then there's always going to be at least some people who emotionally or mentally aren't comfortable engaging with the more difficult elements of that because of their personal relationship to the particular topic. Which is fine and they shouldn't be required to, but at the same time other people with the same personal relationship with the topic would be disappointed to have the critique of society sterilized and watered down for mass consumption. If the game comes out and the reaction of the trans community to it is strongly negative then sure, that opinion should really control, but if it's split, then I don't see how you can make the argument that one position is necessarily correct because it conforms to the opinion of trans people without necessarily invalidating the opinion of other trans people.
Well, light grey and dark grey anyway. Don't forget about Janos. And on the other side Ygritte and Mance and Tormund had already been established as sympathetic characters, and their purpose for coming south had been well-justified.
&gt; describing trans bodies as “in-between” is shitty True. Although something's left me scratching my head, moreso since reading the artist's response which paints a picture of a society that views gender as far more fluid than we do today; even viewing gender and the physical characteristics of such, because of augmentation, as somewhat a la carte. We look at that poster and what we see, based on our experiences, is a trans woman, and we impute that that person the experience of being a trans woman in 21st century America. But that may not actually be an accurate assumption to make about that person's identity.
To clarify on the legal issue, described in the article as: &gt;California also has an invasion of privacy law, which makes it a crime to view the inside of a bathroom with a camera. The relevant statute - 647(j)(1) - (excluding some bits that are extraneous to this situation) reads: &gt;A person who looks through a hole or opening, into, or otherwise views, by means of any instrumentality, including, but not limited to, a . . . camera, motion picture camera, camcorder, or mobile phone, the interior of a . . . bathroom, . . . or the interior of any other area in which the occupant has a reasonable expectation of privacy, with the intent to invade the privacy of a person or persons inside. I don't think 647(j)(2) or (3) would be applicable here.
Gotta Catch As Many As I Can Be Arsed To
"Thanks, but now I'm salty enough already."
*See also:* Every /r/nfl thread ever.
Everyone complains about reddit but at least we get to mock /r/gendercritical with impunity. What the fuck twitter? And on a related note, what the fuck England? Again everyone complains about the US but at least terfs aren't controlling our feminist movements.
&gt; I will give my hot take on both. https://i.imgur.com/WcCSnY8.gif
u/nwordcountbot u/Warhawk137
Stupid gaming takes of the day: -Cybergoth has better music than cyberpunk. -Steampunk only exists to give devs an excuse to use fog to hide draw distances. -I've been waiting for someone to open the Dead or Alive box for over two decades so that the wave function finally collapses and I can find out if the jiggly set of tits within are in fact *dead* or *alive*. -I really liked Warlords of Draenor.
Niflheim
This rapidly depressurizing spacecraft is BREATHTAKING
Eh, probably better to exercise your own judgment as to a character's appearance and personality than rely on the word of the creator. EDIT: I should probably clarify. A lot of the 5000-year-old-dragon crap comes right from creators. And on the flip side, the consumer market in Japan seems to result in a lot of characters who are pretty clearly adults in appearance and demeanor being wedged into the role of a high schooler because that's what's trendy. If a character looks like they're of age and acts like they're of age then for all intents and purposes they're of age. If they don't, they're not, regardless of who's trying to justify the discrepancy.
Nope never done that ever no siree not once.
2 Breath 2 Wild
Sooooooooo about thaaaaaaat........... EDIT: OK fine I'll nerd it up, those names come from a variety of languages. Mount Doom is a literal translation in "common" of Amon Amarth, which is Sindarin; the other Sindarin name for it is Orodruin. The equivalent for Minas Tirith (also Sindarin) would be the Tower of the Guard.
Edgar Allan Poe married his 13 year old cousin. But if we got rid of everything he and Lovecraft contributed to the horror genre the horror genre would basically cease to exist. Well I guess we’d still have Shelley and Stoker. But still...
Must be hot take Saturday on ESPN radio. So far I’ve heard that Steve Kerr’s legacy is badly damaged by only winning 3 championships in 5 years, a great coach would have won 4, and that the US Open is the worst and least interesting major because it’s too hard for the players.
I'd like to imagine they're larping conservatives who thought Obama was going to use a national emergency to make himself a dictator, but they're probably just that paranoid. If he loses the election he'll whine incessantly and some morons on the internet will write some fanfic about how he's going to purge the libs and some congressmen will make noncommittal comments insinuating election fraud and then nothing at all will happen until he moves out on the appointed date and the person replacing him moves in.
[In this analogy the catcher is feminism and TERFs are 50 Cent.](https://i0.wp.com/blooperman.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/giphy-3.gif)
They all do, like how FFX is about authoritarian theocracies, and FFXII is about imperialism, or FFVI is about not hiring a psychotic clown as an advisor, and FFV is about how trees are evil and want to murder us. wait...
I play to experiment with how many g-forces the simulated human body can withstand before they either die or leave you a shit review on Yelp.
[Like this, along with the rest of the litany of awful ideas.](https://media.tenor.com/images/3d170a56225c0dfe3eba29dad1bd41ac/tenor.gif)
&gt;If you were a better person, you’d buy better games. Looks like someone isn't pulling their punches.
&gt; I mean, you’re only going to experience it for the first time once Y'know, if the procedure from Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ever gets invented, it's really only gonna be like 5% people erasing bad relationships and 95% erasing Mass Effect.
&gt;The video game industry made $43 billion in **revenue** &gt;The workers responsible for that **profit** Somewhere an economist is shaking his head.
Republicans aren't exactly as pro-capitalist as they make *themselves* out to be so it's not like they'd know the difference anyway.
Justified or no, the top comment would still be /r/iamverysmart if it was a guy instead.
I'm a realtor and you're kinda triggering me right now tbh. &gt;.&lt;
https://i.imgur.com/ijcvMra.gif
Sadly the pilot I shot for Muffy the Realtor Slayer was never picked up.
&gt; For your info i have NEVER been convicted of a hate crime. Oh cool hook me up with your lawyer.
And if it looks like I'm wrong about something it's really because you're too dumb to understand what I was *actually* saying.
This is absolutely true, but whenever I point out that Sanders who is in second place is also benefiting from higher name recognition - [which he clearly is](https://morningconsult.com/2020-democratic-primary/) - I get downvoted.
Fuck that, Dijon on literally everything.
In politics today treason is defined as having the wrong opinions. Whether it's tankies talking about lining people up against a wall for treason or Nazis talking about throwing people out of helicopters for treason, the people they're killing in their fantasies never actually acted against their country in any way, they simply committed the crime of not being fully on board with whatever glorious utopia they think they can strongarm everyone into living under.
A fool and his money etc. etc.
Hopefully. Biden isn't my choice but the reality is he polls well against Trump. If the state polls matching them up are accurate he'd win nearly 400 electoral votes and that's without any polls for Georgia coming in yet (at least according to RCP). Right now he's polling better than Trump in Florida, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Arizona, Ohio, and Texas, along with all the usual democrat states. Sanders has some of those too, but his margin in Florida and Ohio is smaller and he's way behind in Arizona and Texas. And Sanders has the same level of name recognition as Biden, so while the other candidates at least have some excuse for trailing Biden, Sanders kinda doesn't.
He’s not wrong, but De Blasio’s approval ratings can charitably be described as “Trumpesque” and he’s the only Democrat candidate with a non-positive net approval rating so let’s not pat him on the back too much.
Wonder if there's any relation to Joe.
True enough, though in terms of net favorability nationally, Sanders is +56, Biden is +62, Warren is +45, Harris is +40, Booker and O'Rourke are +34, Buttigieg is +33, Gillibrand is +22, Klobuchar is +20, Castro is +18, and de Blasio is 0. And his name recognition is pretty similar to Buggigieg, Gillibrand, Klobuchar, and Castro. Anyway, again, he's not wrong, just saying that if you're dead last in favorability, you should probably focus on making yourself more likable than on trying to pull the other candidates down to your level. At this point in 2015, Clinton was around where Biden and Sanders currently are, around +60, and Sanders, who had the same name recognition issues as that b/c tier (depending on how you want to split them) was in that +20 range. EDIT: skipped Warren somehow
Third poll counted on RCP with Warren ahead of Sanders, along with an Economist/YouGov poll from earlier this month and what looks like a Quinnipiac outlier from late April. Monmouth rated A+ by 538 FWIW.
Well, there’s not a “Yang, but better” candidate in the field, which is more than some of those others can say.
&gt;This like I just can't this is like peak woke rainbow capitalism right here with the least effort. Counterpoint: Donuts.
Odd way to spell anarchotranshumanist.
&gt;Do I think that they’ve gotten too much power over you and I? Yes, that's who has the power in Alabama. *The gays.* Right.
Well... kinda. He ~~calls her~~ shares an article calling her a "compromise nominee" and in saying that "They know our progressive agenda of Medicare for All, breaking up big banks, taking on drug companies and raising wages is the real threat to the billionaire class" the implication is clearly that Warren does not support those things, or at least not as genuinely or enthusiastically as him.
I know a lot of their supporters like both, but if they go after each other I don't see the majority of people on here just shrugging their shoulders and ignoring it.
For your sake I hope so, and I like several candidates and am looking forward to debates, but I think you're overly optimistic about this community's level of decorum.
I agree with your aspirations. This thread isn't doing much to make me optimistic about their feasibility, though. Top level comments so far, other than mine: 1. Bitching about "anybody but Bernie" posters. 2. Telling Bernie to shut the fuck up. 3. Saying Bernie must be panicking. 4. Saying Bernie rules. 5. Claiming that Bernie is only targeting the "corporate wing" with this. 6. Accusing Warren of being a sellout to the "corporate wing."
Good question.
Correction made.
Anyone with a decent climate plan and also other policy positions? I like him but he’s running a single issue campaign to get the other candidates to put their cards on the table. Based on what I’ve actually seen from the candidates, looks like the actual answer to your question for now is O’Rourke.
Anything is a valid defense unless specifically prohibited by law. Not that I disagree with doing so, mind you, because I think that introducing such an argument may unreasonably and irrevocably bias a jury in a manner far in excess of how compelling that argument actually is (in brief, not compelling at all). But opponents to the use of the defense have a habit of mischaracterizing it as something that's expressly codified in the law as a permitted defense, and that's not the case.
Well... no so easily, no. I'm not super familiar with the entire history of the use of the defense, but the Wikipedia article doesn't show any US courts being favorable to the diminished capacity argument on appeal. That it has on occasion been successfully used to turn a murder charge into a manslaughter charger or a murder 1 into a murder 2 doesn't bind any courts anywhere else to seriously consider it. It's honestly not really much of a formalized thing to begin with, it's just throwing shit at a wall and seeing if any of that shit negates the requisite mens rea. Someone else here mentioned "GOP panic" as a possible defense, that'd essentially be the same thing, hell, you could argue that seeing a squirrel causes you to panic sufficiently that you lack the mental state required to convict you of a crime requiring a mens rea of intent.
It's a disease of the Instagram Left, the people who like giving the appearance that they're progressive but actually want to order their lives in a conservative manner, where poor people are people you go somewhere else to help before returning to your comfortable life.
So, a LOT of subs are nominally pro-communist but vehemently anti-tankie, which is something at least.
Well, yeah, but the definition is clear enough that even others on the left can spot them pretty quick.
Are you trying to create Morlocks?
I think I speak for all of us when I say I'd gladly give my life to secure justice for that poor, innocent robot. Wait, sorry, somehow I misspelled "none" as "all." Weird.
Come on Slate, do you really need the gotcha headline?
"This rule sucks!" "We know, but you wouldn't shut up about it, so fucking deal with it for a season."
[I just remembered this song exists, so now you have to too.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nG7T9q48ggQ)
This is literally the worst timing for this picture you could possibly have chosen.
How the fuck did he think this was gonna work?
He can be more than one of those things, y'know.
That's OK, it's a limited number of articles per month. That's why I have like 4 browsers installed.
This is what the second amendment was for, of course, the right of the people to protect their representatives from having to do their jobs.
He is 100% and he’s basically straight-up admitted it a couple of times. He’s also goddamn hilarious because he’s clever enough to come up with things that sound dumb in ways you didn’t think possible.
But girls who look like malfunctioning holograms are my fetish.
IMO nothing holds a candle in terms of completely bonkers titling to /r/writingprompts. I'd participate but it's all so ludicrously specific and off-the-wall that I can only think of one way any of the stories would go and that way is fucknuts stupid.
So I just looked it up and "new kid on the block" goes back to the *early 40s*.
Feel like there should be an option to turn into a velociraptor and play a violin rendition of La Marseillaise.
*Twitter has banned you for this post*
&gt; I’d go as far as to say it’s Nolan’s worst. Hot take: Memento is the most overrated movie of the 21st century. It's on my short list of films that were well regarded that I watched and went "this is complete bullshit." The other standard-bearer for that list is Babel.
Um... I'll just be over here...
FFX-2 had a better cast YEAH I SAID IT WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT IT
That's a popular opinion but I enjoy them.
Must be something terfy in the water in England.
I frankly wasn't familiar with him so I think if I were to comment on it it would be disingenuous.
https://i.imgur.com/Fu0ZoKX.gif
Cooler than a breadline that doesn't actually have any bread at the end of it.
The 2027 Mountain Dew Health McHealthcare Act
I liked NV and 4 a hell of a lot more. The Capital Wasteland is an awful world full of awful people awash in a sea of brown and green and I wish the player character could decide to fuck right off to somewhere more interesting and less shit, and if the entirety of the Capital Wasteland and all its inhabitants abruptly fell into the sea then nothing of value would be lost.
To a degree I think Inslee is trying to break free from the perception that he's just the climate change candidate, in which case he may want to make the issues page on his website more than 6 different sections on climate change.
Oddly enough after my dumbass son died the war stared going quite well and we won handily. Also oddly enough Alfred had nothing to do with it even though he has a son and daughter now (and two bastards of his own). Now I just have to worry about my oldest daughter who is a royal pain in the ass in every sense of the phrase. I arranged a matrilineal marriage for her with a Byzantine prince and that was a mistake since she plotted to kill me, she plotted to kill her husband, and then she joined the plot to kill my grandson (the current king, her nephew) that was started by some German bitch that I guess doesn’t like that he also has a German dukedom. Major contrast from my oldest acknowledged bastard son who is a scholar and theologian who is on the council and loyal as hell.
That’s how my second wife died in my first real save yesterday since buying the game. She was 17 and I was in my 40s, our daughter became countess of Northampton when she died and then 16 years later my brother, in his 50s, married her. This game is kinda whack.
Yeah but any of the networks would pay him very well.
More from CK2 - My daughter killed my son and I really don't care, he was a moron.
EDIT: I should probably mention that I did start a new game for this stuff than the one I was talking about a couple days ago, still in Britain but with Mercia instead of Wessex and using the earliest start date. Well, he died, don't recall how, and I don't remember whether it was before or after I died, but the upshot is that his daughter (he did have a kid in spite of all that! except she was kind of a moron) became king, but his brother (my third and final son, her uncle) controlled like half the realm and actually had some talent at ruling. So I fucked around and made bad decisions until she died in battle at which point he became king and the army available to me just about doubled. At this point he had taken in his own wars a couple counties formerly of Northumbria (which had been smashed to pieces by revolts at that point) and using her I'd taken Kent and Sussex via de jure claims, and now we have de jure claims on like half of what's remaining of the kingdom of Wessex, plus he's married to the petty queen of one of the Welsh kingdoms so his kids (currently one daughter) are gonna bring that into the mix. So once we've patched ourselves up from fighting 3 wars at the same time (his war to take a county in the north, a Waldensian uprising, and a revolt from one of her other vassals), all of which we ended up winning rather handily after her death got everything nice and centralized and we added a bit of mercenary help, our next target is gonna be Middlesex. Also need to roll back the powers she lost to the council, might not be too difficult now that the vassal who revolted is out of the way and the other problematic one kicked the bucket right around the same time. I will say that the situation got to the point where I googled "how to commit suicide in CK2" at one point, but I think everything worked out for the best and the kingdom is in the strongest position it's ever been in.
It’s my preferred diet soda though lately I’ve been more into sparkling waters like Bubly and Sanavi, or the Schweppes flavored seltzers which have a slight tendency to explode when you open them that I keep forgetting about.
I still use half and half in my coffee. Not worth giving that up for me.
“I mean maybe if there’s an alien invasion but then it never works in the movies anyway so still no.”
Not even in the photograph: Athenians at Salamis.
I majored in creative writing, and..... yeah that’s probably accurate. Granted I’m pretty sure I got past that phase by junior year of high school, but w/e...
That's only a blind side hit if the guy you're hitting is *actually* blind.
When I said that if the Pats at 8-0 play a good defense in the playoffs, they'll only score 10-13 points, people scoffed. I was wrong, though. It didn't even have to be a good defense. Just an OK one.
&gt; I'm worried we might get pulled into another war but, we do have the mightiest military in the history of the world. I would much rather kill someone who deserves it and let our military handle the consequences than allow such a horrible person to continue their rain of terror. Saddam Hussein deserved it. Muammar Gaddafi deserved it. I daresay Bashar al-Assad deserves it. How's that working out for us so far?
FLAYS! IMPALES! DEFENESTRATES!
Abiogenesis was a mistake.
Maybe Russell Crowe should just punch climate change in the face.
You’re right, you can’t fight half a war. How bout we not fight the war at all.
I can't wait until the Republicans are suddenly concerned again about foreign entanglements. Why, just in the last few weeks all the conservatives on reddit were all quite enamored of Trump's stated desire to get out of the Middle East, and celebrated pulling a few troops out of Syria as a win over the warmongering Democrats. Fast forward to today and if you're not for invading Iran you're a traitor commie.
Caveman invent fire ipso facto libtards btfo? EDIT: I could tell, the "once and for all" gave it away.
It means he's scared of brown people.
If Republicans were actually fiscally conservative you could potentially have a point. They are not.
Republicans spend more than Democrats. https://www.mercatus.org/sites/default/files/figure_1._per_capita_federal_spending_1945-2017.png Per capita spending this upcoming year will be around $13,500, an increase of about $1,500 since Obama left office.
The UK and Canada are only a few percentage points higher in voter turnout and they have lots of viable parties.
As crucial as those can be in a close race, the people who are legally disenfranchised via methods like that are only a drop in the bucket of the people who don't vote.
Redcaps hospitalized for whiplash.
Says the guy who entered office years ago.
Too bad, you're missing out on some great bedbugs and Salmonella.
I'm not, but I'll consider any VP offers.
His unfavorability among major Democrat candidates is tied for the highest with Gabbard. Notable candidates by favorability +/- (with favorable/unfavorable in parentheses): Sanders: +56 (75/19) Biden: +52 (72/20) Warren: +44 (65/19) Buttigieg: +34 (50/16) Yang: +31 (45/14) Booker: +29 (46/17) Klobuchar: +21 (37/16) Steyer: +20 (36/16) Bloomberg: +17 (44/27) Gabbard: -8 (19/27) And as far as your comments about New York goes, you're explaining why people in New York don't care about guns that much and things like that. But whether people in New York care about guns isn't really relevant to a national election. And come on, every sub shits on him. /r/politics shits on him. TD shits on him. /r/neoliberal shits on him.
If that were to have happened I could easily have posted the same comment verbatim and it would be just as applicable.
I’d vote for him over Trump.
Shit, last year we had people throw grenades at the embassy in Montenegro and the consulate in Guadalajara, and a bomb outside the embassy in Beijing. Molotov cocktails thrown at the embassy in Uzbekistan in 2015. Suicide bomber at the embassy in Turkey in 2013. Literally the same day as the Benghazi attack, protesters scaled the walls of the embassy in Cairo, and 3 days later in Yemen and Tunisia. Nicaragua in 2009. Even if it was totally them, is it something to start a war over?
You left out the possibility that OP may be Lindsey Graham.
"He was a bad guy so he deserved it!" Like, do y'all want me to post the unabridged list of bad guys who deserved it who we killed and it just caused more problems? Because that list starts with Saddam Hussein. Or how about the unabridged list of bad guys who deserve it and we haven't killed? Will killing all of them solve our problems?
Noted beacon of liberty Saudi Arabia.
Yup.
I was going to say "that aged poorly" but it's a little more complex than that. Many of the particular points the article made were more or less true. Jordan and Saudi Arabia, in particular, are largely no different than they were. But it completely whiffed on Mubarak and totally misidentified the actual potential threats to Turkey by focusing on the Kurds - specifically, Islamist insurgencies first and itself second. Ultimately the fundamental problem with the article is that it looks at US intervention and military action purely through a statecraft lens - how will our actions affect the functions and interactions of regional state apparatuses, with an occasional side glance toward whether broadly defined population groups are likely to stage an organized popular uprising.
It wasn't. But it was. But it wasn't. Mostly wasn't. But a little was. (maybe it was a metaphorical purgatory)
Nation: "K."
Wait, are we the irresponsible ones?
https://i.imgur.com/xVMZCzS.gif
To be clear I don't take issue with anything he said in his statement. But that's been the case before and he's gone and fucked it up so I'd prefer to reserve my judgment. Too many people around here dispose of their skepticism the moment someone tells them something they want to hear.
THERE'S A MAN WHO LEADS A LIFE OF DANGER TO EVERYONE HE MEETS HE STAYS A STRANGER WITH EVERY MOVE HE MAKES ANOTHER CHANCE HE TAKES ODDS ARE HE WON'T LIVE TO SEE TOMORROW
Not as far as I'm aware, but there's a first time for everything. More to the point, he constantly uses his prepared statements to backtrack on his off-the-cuff remarks and his off-the-cuff remarks to backtrack on his written statements. Nothing in the last few years has indicated that his short prepared statement should be assumed accurate as to future policy. I do not trust him because he is *not trustworthy.* He has demonstrated as much time and time again. The only thing reliable about him is his unreliability.
God that's so 2003.
Hillsborough then? There’s also been some incidents in the US and other western countries this century. Mostly involving nightclubs and some sporting events.
Just because Trump supporters on Twitter don't understand statistics doesn't mean you should be trying to emulate them.
No, it's GOP bootlickers claiming that predicting a contest is 70%-30% in favor of one competitor and that competitor losing is a "spectacular failure" as though they've never watched a sporting event in their lives.
The forecast is still there. https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ It peaked at 88.1% 3 weeks prior to the election, and got as low as 64.5% a few days prior to the election. So your memory must be faulty.
&gt;Are Democrats suggesting that we should not respond to acts of war for fear that the enemy who already hates us and is already attacking us will hate us more and attack us more? Words can scarcely express how cowardly and pathetic that attitude is.
Ah Christ that's a horrible idea what with Turkey's defensive pact with Azerbaijan and Russia's defensive pact with Armenia.
&gt; Not enough to overcome the kind of deficit Pete has with voters of colour. &gt; &gt; A South Carolina poll came out a while back showing Pete had ~1% with black voters there. John Kerry was polling at 1% with black voters in South Carolina in December 2003. Between 6th and 8th overall in the state.
&gt;**Section. 8.** &gt;The Congress shall have Power . . . To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water;
But I heard in 2016 that Steyer's problem is his focus on climate change, something Democrats don't care about: https://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/the-biggest-loser-in-the-2016-election-tom-steyer/ &gt;More's the pity that he spent so much of his own money in this failed effort. A lot of it. In fact, the hedge fund tycoon spent more money than any other individual in the 2016 election cycle. His crocodile-tear declaration in July that, "We believe that there is too much emphasis on money in politics" notwithstanding, Steyer and his super PAC NextGen Climate Action poured about $100 million into the election effort. &gt;Just 7% of Democrats identified climate change as the most important issue in determining which candidate to support for the party's presidential nominee in a February 2016 poll from Quinnipiac University. The New Republic calls climate change the biggest nonissue of this election cycle, noting how climate change was discussed for a scant 325 seconds in the presidential debates. &gt;In May, Steyer announced the formation of a new super PAC which would be a partnership between his NextGen Action and the AFL-CIO aimed at coordinating voter turnout efforts. But many union laborers were already furious with Steyer for leading the campaign to kill the Keystone XL pipeline and the thousands of high paying union jobs that went with it. Outraged officials from eight unions fumed that "the AFL-CIO has now officially become infiltrated by financial and political interests that work in direct conflict to many of our members." &gt;This isn't the first time Steyer has failed spectacularly. During the 2014 midterm election, in which he was also the largest individual donor, he dumped more than $73 million in an effort in which very few of the candidates he backed won and in which climate change action actually dropped as a priority (from 37% of Americans before the election season to just 28% by election's end). Damn billionaires trying to kill the Keystone XL pipeline. Democrats, the party of the working class, are of course fully in favor of the pipeline. No I'm not a Republican I'm just trying to needle the people saying he's an empty suit.
Shame.
The article goes on at some length about how Steyer's green energy policies are bad for working class people. I'm being facetious, really. It's a shit article, I'm posting it because of how a shit article is somewhat revealing as to why Steyer is actually good. Anyway, here's a heavily upvoted comment from someone on this sub about Steyer from 2 years ago: &gt;Steyer is an incredible person. He's really on the level with Bernie, I'm sure they would have amazing conversations. listening to him talk on Nov 9th broke my heart. He's so, so smart and refined and comes off extremely intelligent and caring when talking about politics. His goal was 50% of energy from renewables by 2030 and 100 by 2050 - he was trying to push Hillary to the left and also defeat Trump. Spent $25 million at least doing so. And, what the hell, here's another from a couple years back. &gt;Maybe Tom Steyer should be president. I think that he would be an intresting choice.
The year is 2387. The Orion Unification War wages. The Psi Serpentis system has been quarantined due to a gray goo catastrophe. Bell bottoms are back in style. The newly elected Technorepublican president of the Galactic Alliance of Planets has vowed to "get the the bottom of what happened in Benghazi."
He's still at or near the top in Iowa and New Hampshire.
You mean the people who have, along with Booker, Yang, Gabbard, et al, a combined 1 in 40 chance of winning the majority of delegates, according to the linked article?
You know that people who respond to polls are... um... people, right?
Nothing... wait for it... burger.
Best thing I've seen on /r/politics this week - the following analogy about how Biden isn't really as popular as the polls say he is: &gt;If everywhere you looked on the internet, you saw article ranting and raving about how delicious and fantastic clamato juice is, and it seemed like clamato juice was really popular, and then asked 100 people you know if they thought clamato juice was any good, and half had never heard of it, and the other half said it was discusting, and then you started to see what were clearly bots supporting clamato juice, and clamato inc, had a lot of cash to burn and billionaire donors, you wouldn't think that maybe, perhaps, the support for clamato juice is not as prominent as you would be lead to believe?
He also promised to eliminate the debt. Doesn't mean we ought to do the opposite of what he promised. Trump has doing the opposite of what he promised pretty well covered.
Trump promised infrastructure. Trump did not deliver infrastructure. But I can't figure how the above facts indicate that we should therefore take the position that promising infrastructure is bad.
How much do you think M4A will cost?
Well that's dumb as hell. &gt;Cell phones have often been used by mass shooters of younger ages for research on previous shootings. That sounds like something a conservative site would make up about "teh stipud libruls."
&gt; 538 doesn't even tell us what polls they use anymore. How is that not a problem? &gt; &gt; There's a link to the polls under the national section and under each state... Also I'm looking at Iowa and they use all the same polls as RCP. Some of them just have different names because RCP lists them as the publisher while 538 lists them as the pollster.
Those drawings are terrifying.
At least the poll itself was (it was likely Democrat primary voters which worked out to half Democrats and half Independents). As far as national numbers go, progressives are a strong plurality within the party, but I don’t think the majority yet. Anyway, the poll suggests that Warren is the worry some one. She does poorly with both ideological moderates and with affiliated independents. At least Sanders pulls a lot of the progressive independent vote (which is actually a thing).
I'm not sure that translates to this year though. Back in 2016 in Iowa and New Hampshire Sanders had a huge lead over Clinton among Independents. In New Hampshire, the last Monmouth poll has him a point back of Buttigieg and 2 points up on Biden among them, and also a full 15 and 12 points back of them, respectively, among moderate &amp; conservative likely Democratic caucus-goers. The last Emerson poll in Iowa had him at 5.3% among Independents with Biden at 27.7% and Buttigieg at 19.1%; he led Clinton in 2016 in that category. In 2016 in Iowa he was even with Clinton on moderates and people who were somewhat conservative; in the last Emerson poll he had 8.6% of moderates, with Biden at 38.7% and Buttigieg at 20.5%, and among somewhat conservative voters he was even worse at 6.9%. Based on comparing 2016 polls, Sanders' support has moved into the left portion of the Democratic party. He doesn't seem to be pulling the independent and moderate support that he was in 2016. He's still getting the progressive independents, but there's no "never-Clinton" moderate bloc this year it seems.
Had him slotted at third ahead of Klobuchar and behind Biden, and at least part of the latter was because of viability concerns. Liked him more and more as the primary went on despite being pretty meh about him early. If he'd caught on and was still in the race when it got to my state I'd really be considering voting for him.
Name has nothing to do with my politics. If anything I'm too anti-intervention for /r/neoliberal.
Posted this in one of the other threads, unfortunately this is about all the information I can figure for the moment about where his supporters are likely to go, most polls don't have sufficient crosstabs or ask the second choice question in the first place. Still looking though. &gt;Small sample size, but of the 12 Booker supporters in the last Emerson Iowa poll, 5 of them listed Klobuchar as their second choice, 3 Buttigieg, 2 Biden, 1 Sanders, 0 Warren/Yang, 1 other/not sure. &gt;As for New Hampshire, don't have crosstabs for the Monmouth poll, but when Booker, Klobuchar, and Yang were taken out, Biden, Buttigieg, and Warren each got a 3 point bump while Sanders stayed flat. No recent NH poll with a second option question and crosstabs.
What a race this is. Jeff Sessions, Tommy Tuberville, Bradley Byrne, Roy Moore.
[Visual representation of the Democratic Party in 2020](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/414b77_f4ad44e2aa584d63911decf56a0aad17~mv2.jpg/v1/crop/x_40,y_0,w_419,h_279/fill/w_587,h_390,al_c,lg_1,q_80/414b77_f4ad44e2aa584d63911decf56a0aad17~mv2.webp)
Yes, A+ rated Monmouth is "fake."
Mods probably do. Although it got posted and is still there so maybe I was wrong.
*And then Poultry_Sashimi woke up. "Alas, it was but a sweet dream, that has faded with the dawn."*
Reposting this from what I said in the /r/politics thread: Most interesting thing about this poll - gain when excluding the candidates outside the top 4: Biden: +4 Sanders: +6 Buttigieg: +8 Warren: +1 So while in the full field poll, it's Biden with a 6 point lead over Sanders, 7 over Buttigieg, and 9 over Warren, when you narrow it to the candidates most likely to meet the threshold, it's down to a 3 point lead over Buttigieg and 4 over Sanders.
"Hi, I ordered a Yikes?" "Of course sir, I've got your Yikes right here." "Oh, I didn't expect the Yikes to be that big. That's a big Yikes."
This poll versus 2016 Iowa Caucus entrance polls: 65+: 2016: 28% Poll: 28% 50-64: 2016: 30% Poll: 31%
The January DM register poll had Gingrich winning in 2012. The February DM register poll had Trump winning in 2016.
Not sure, it's low, most people own a cellphone. As someone else pointed out though, more older people use a landline, and more older people vote.
There's literally a dude in /r/politics posting about how because it's a Monmouth University poll, that means it's a poll of a hundred university students.
Maybe, he was leading in the Monmouth poll last week. Just looked back at this pollster, last one they did was in October, and this is the one that made all the headlines with Michelle Obama leading.
FWIW all the current candidates have a negative approval rating by RCP average, mostly around -5 or so. Biden is at -4.3, Sanders is at -5.5, Warren is at -6.5. Buttigieg is the closest to positive, at -0.5.
Found them with a google search. Clinton at the linked page is at -12.6. At this time in 2016 she was approximately -8. [Buttigieg -0.5](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/pete_buttigieg_favorableunfavorable-6816.html) [Klobuchar -2.2](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/amy_klobuchar_favorableunfavorable-6767.html) [Yang -2.7](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/andrew_yang_favorableunfavorable-6840.html) [Biden -4.3](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/joe_biden_favorableunfavorable-6677.html) [Sanders -5.5](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/bernie_sanders_favorableunfavorable-6676.html) [Warren -6.5](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/elizabeth_warren_favorableunfavorable-6675.html) [Gabbard -9.5](https://www86.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/favorability/us/tulsi_gabbard_favorableunfavorable-6799.html) No data available for Steyer and Bloomberg, but Bloomberg's favorability is notoriously bad. And for reference: [Booker -6.3](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/cory_booker_favorableunfavorable-6689.html)
&gt; Polling is typically legitimate data? Only if my candidate is leading.
I feel like this game started 3 days ago and we’re still in the third quarter.
Joe Burrow: “Man, the rest of my family are losers, at least I actually won something.”
That is, dare I say it, a bunch of malarkey.
I'm sure there's no shortage of those (probably making up a decent chunk of the 25% of independents who self-identify as liberal), but accusing someone of actually being a Republican, as in the linked tweet, suggests they have some degree of investment in the Democratic party. For a leftist who has only begun considering voting for Dems to then go and accuse the existing Dems of not being real Dems would be hypocritical and therefore... certainly... never... happens.....
Ah, a repeat story, that means they get a free spin.
Because he's afraid his polonium levels will suddenly skyrocket if he didn't.
&gt;At least from the relative safety of the campaign trail, Buttigieg seems to have an actual human rights policy. He says that the U.S. should promote human rights on both sides of the Persian Gulf. TBH I thought this sub didn't like that we were always looking the other way on Saudi Arabia.
That's probably true, yes. Warren and Buttigieg have a puncher's chance with a IA/NH sweep, or if someone gets hit by a bus, but at the moment there's a roughly 75% chance (per 538) that it's Biden, Sanders, or nobody getting a majority of delegates. EDIT: On reflection I suppose I can see scenarios where Sanders loses Iowa but wins the nomination. But I don't think he can lose Iowa *badly*. If Biden really cruises then I do think it's accurate.
Shit that's internet journalism 101. Pretty sure Bleacher Report is just a twitter feed full of fire emojis now.
Even better if he testifies and his testimony is a literal nothingberder.
They were very obviously held out of concern regarding whether a trial would be properly conducted. See, e.g., literally any submission in this sub referencing Mitch McConnell.
Turns out if you go to church there’s a decent chance you might actually be exposed to scripture.
I mean, in 2016 the field was 5 white dudes and Hillary Clinton, so...
A team from Louisiana playing a team from South Carolina in Louisiana? Shock of shocks.
&gt; We're over it, too. *looks up* *looks down* It'd be nice if we were though.
Well that should be entertaining.
Network news is a different industry than dumbass propaganda.
*And if you look out the window to your left, you can see /r/politics taking the bait.*
Beto killed any chance of winning a statewide race in Texas with his gun control position in the primary.
Yang and Gabbard sitting at home: "..."
Like I said at home.
I think Biden and Warren both had good points and it's kind of nitpicking to distinguish their positions.
So far this has been a very professional and cordial debate. Last one took an hour to turn into a bit of a shitshow. Over/under on this one?
Steyer &amp; Bernie: The new odd couple.
*grabs popcorn*
Well I mean a ham sandwich could beat Kris Kobach...
oh it's this commercial again
I'll grant this to Amy, she makes boomer humor actually work.
Warren loves executive orders a bit too much for my liking.
I think you're a few chapters behind, mate.
Klobuchar with a minute and a half more than Buttigieg so far.
Well at least Sanders supporters can't complain about speaking time this time. Sanders is way out in front.
You're right. And that's largely why he was behind in previous debates, despite accusations of bias.
At the commercial break: Sanders 14:34 Warren 14:06 Klobuchar 12:06 Biden 11:40 Buttigieg 11:35 Steyer 7:50
What is this, the quick-hit "why are you a lousy candidate" segment?
Final speaking time numbers, per NYT: Warren: 18:59 Sanders: 17:51 Klobuchar: 17:36 Buttigieg: 16:45 Biden: 16:22 Steyer: 12:37
I don't think any of them had their best debate. I also don't think any of them had their worst. So... eh......
More feasible than Sanders' plan, which is 71% by 2030, and somehow getting other countries to reduce by 36% in that same time frame. Well, ultimately in reality while the particular benchmarks are somewhat more or less ambitious all the candidates are fairly similar in terms of goals.
In the \#NeverWarren thread on /r/politics, it seems the new spin is that Bernie polls better with women than men, despite the actual data demonstrating otherwise.
Kremlin talking points?
Chapos: &gt;Bernie's favorables dropped after the debate and Warren's rose. Fuck Warren. We need to go on the attack and smear her like she did us.
As long as you don't make a habit of using it in a way that is actually discriminatory, is the conclusion I'm drawing from that line of questioning.
That’s the thing, he doesn’t. He’s worth like 1.6 billion. He also flies commercial and drives a Chevy Volt. I’m not saying “vote for Tom Steyer”, I’m not, but this sub is too hard on him sometimes.
That is true, though it's more men overall. https://projects.economist.com/democratic-primaries-2020/candidate/bernie-sanders/ Looks like at least part of that is because almost the entirety of Gabbard and Yang support comes from young men. Couple weird notes, Warren does better among young women and old women but also among middle-aged men. Biden does about the same in all age brackets *except* much better among women 30-44 than men of that age. Almost all of Klobuchar's demo is older women. As for the part about POC women, Sanders does slightly better among hispanic women than men, and much better among "other" women (e.g., asian women) but much, much worse among black women (which is Biden's strongest demo). Meanwhile Buttigieg does better among white women, but much better among hispanic and "other" men. Warren's biggest demographic quirk on this front is how she does like 10 points better among hispanic women than hispanic men.
Well apparently Bernie bros don’t lift. Nah but seriously this is cursed as shit. 🕷🏴‍☠️🤡👎
“Emerges”? Edit: oh this article is two days old that’s why.
https://imgur.com/a/ZyQbbz9
Oh it’s incredibly cursed, no doubt.
Well I laughed when I saw it. And I got karma to burn so the -23 is kinda funny too.
I thought it was a tad hokey, FWIW.
Not so bad for horticultural pursuits though.
Nobody has ever wanted Eric Trump.
Gotta love the people who reply to Steyer's tweets saying "why don't you spend your money on fighting Trump" or "why don't you spend your money registering voters" or "why don't you spend your money to fight climate change." Oh, wait, you don't gotta love them, *BECAUSE THEY CAN'T FUCKING DO A GODDAMN GOOGLE SEARCH*.
He was doing an interview with the Dallas Morning News. O'Rourke and Castro are popular Texas politicians. The interviewers specifically asked him if he would consider those two.
Any day now..... any day...
&gt;(five members were absent). Probably doing their taxes.
...not in Florida, which is the relevant point of comparison. The final RCP average had Trump by 0.4, he won by 1.2. The FAU poll from January 16, 2016 had Trump by **8**.
Trump, who was leading by 0.4 in the final RCP average, won by 1.2. The January 16, 2016 FAU poll had Trump +8 against Clinton.
Watch him actually be Barron's godfather. Edit: Or - "But Don Jr., I was the best man at your wedding!"
Since the last Emerson poll: Sanders: -3 Buttigieg: -4 Biden: 0 Warren: 0 Klobuchar: +8 Gabbard: -1 Yang: +1 Steyer: +1 Booker: -2 (not included in this poll) Notable crosstab observations: * While Warren does more than twice as well among women, Klobuchar actually performs slightly better with men. * Klobuchar, Gabbard and Steyer do very well among independents as compared to democrats (13.1%, 6.3%, and 7.2%, respectively). Sanders does the best overall, but all 4 leaders do better among registered Democrats. * Sanders leads with committed support, getting 28.9% of those polled who have settled on a candidate, but Buttigieg is second and is outperforming Biden and Warren, with 19.6%. Despite just now surging, Klobuchar does well by this metric too, getting 12.7% of voters. Yang, Gabbard, and Steyer support is the softest. * Unsurprisingly, Biden does better among Clinton voters in 2016, while Sanders does better among his own 2016 supporters. Warren and Buttigieg pull about equally from both 2016 candidates, while Klobuchar is actually a fairly close second to Sanders in people who voted for "someone else." * Age is about what you'd expect, except the curious case of Buttigieg's numbers, where he's at 20%+ in the 18-29 and 50+ ranges (in fact 18-29 is his best demo, running only 3 points back of Sanders at 24.6% compared to Sanders' 27.5%, while Biden is at 5%), but he's polling at under 10% among the 30-49 gang (and I say gang because it's Yang's best demo). Klobuchar is in a close third among 65+ voters with 19.9%, behind Biden at 23.8% and Buttigieg at 20.5%). * For education *Steyer* of all people leads with those who only have a high school education, with Biden a close second. Sanders leads by a lot with people with some college education (suggesting a heavy portion of his base are in fact currently in college) with 37.7% of that vote. He also leads a close race among those with postgraduate degrees with 19.9%; Klobuchar is in second with 18.6%, but 5th place (Biden) still has 14.3%, suggesting those with postgraduate degrees are the most divided in their loyalties. Buttigieg leads with those with only undergrad degrees at 19.6%, with Sanders 2.5 points back in second. * For ideology, Sanders does best among people who are very or somewhat liberal, or very conservative, while he's just behind Biden in those who are somewhat conservative. He does not do well among the moderates, though, which is numerically the largest of the 5 groups, at 12.7%, but that's actually still good enough for third in the demo since they're the most split, with strong support for Gabbard, Steyer, and Klobuchar in addition to Buttigieg and Biden, who are 1st and 2nd in that, respectively. Warren does even worse with moderates, getting 5.9% of that demo, and has no support among conservatives, while Biden is only at 5.4% of the very liberal voters. Despite leading among moderates, Buttigieg actually performs better among very and somewhat liberals, with 18.1% and 21.1% of those voters, respectively, and therefore seems to have the most even liberal-moderate base. * Gabbard supporters think the democratic party should move significantly to the right, oppose Trump's impeachment, and thinking killing Solemani was the right call.
The headline doesn’t really capture the context, although it was a tone-deaf phrasing of the issue.
Jesus Christ people I’d like to be able to eat sometime in the next forever.
Well, we'll see. I added in my first comment there that Ipsos is also online-only with a shaky track record in the past.
Since the last Emerson poll: Sanders: -3 Buttigieg: -4 Biden: 0 Warren: 0 Klobuchar: +8 Gabbard: -1 Yang: +1 Steyer: +1 Booker: -2 (not included in this poll) Notable crosstab observations: * While Warren does more than twice as well among women, Klobuchar actually performs slightly better with men. * Klobuchar, Gabbard and Steyer do very well among independents as compared to democrats (13.1%, 6.3%, and 7.2%, respectively). Sanders does the best overall, but all 4 leaders do better among registered Democrats. * Sanders leads with committed support, getting 28.9% of those polled who have settled on a candidate, but Buttigieg is second and is outperforming Biden and Warren, with 19.6%. Despite just now surging, Klobuchar does well by this metric too, getting 12.7% of voters. Yang, Gabbard, and Steyer support is the softest. * Unsurprisingly, Biden does better among Clinton voters in 2016, while Sanders does better among his own 2016 supporters. Warren and Buttigieg pull about equally from both 2016 candidates, while Klobuchar is actually a fairly close second to Sanders in people who voted for "someone else." * Age is about what you'd expect, except the curious case of Buttigieg's numbers, where he's at 20%+ in the 18-29 and 50+ ranges (in fact 18-29 is his best demo, running only 3 points back of Sanders at 24.6% compared to Sanders' 27.5%, while Biden is at 5%), but he's polling at under 10% among the 30-49 gang (and I say gang because it's Yang's best demo). Klobuchar is in a close third among 65+ voters with 19.9%, behind Biden at 23.8% and Buttigieg at 20.5%). * For education *Steyer* of all people leads with those who only have a high school education, with Biden a close second. Sanders leads by a lot with people with some college education (suggesting a heavy portion of his base are in fact currently in college) with 37.7% of that vote. He also leads a close race among those with postgraduate degrees with 19.9%; Klobuchar is in second with 18.6%, but 5th place (Biden) still has 14.3%, suggesting those with postgraduate degrees are the most divided in their loyalties. Buttigieg leads with those with only undergrad degrees at 19.6%, with Sanders 2.5 points back in second. * For ideology, Sanders does best among people who are very or somewhat liberal, or very conservative, while he's just behind Biden in those who are somewhat conservative. He does not do well among the moderates, though, which is numerically the largest of the 5 groups, at 12.7%, but that's actually still good enough for third in the demo since they're the most split, with strong support for Gabbard, Steyer, and Klobuchar in addition to Buttigieg and Biden, who are 1st and 2nd in that, respectively. Warren does even worse with moderates, getting 5.9% of that demo, and has no support among conservatives, while Biden is only at 5.4% of the very liberal voters. Despite leading among moderates, Buttigieg actually performs better among very and somewhat liberals, with 18.1% and 21.1% of those voters, respectively, and therefore seems to have the most even liberal-moderate base. * Gabbard supporters think the democratic party should move significantly to the right, oppose Trump's impeachment, and thinking killing Solemani was the right call.
That appears to be North Carolina?
Apparently she just started? https://www.wsj.com/livecoverage/campaign-wire-election-2020/card/1569337218 https://www.wmur.com/article/warren-releases-first-television-ad-of-campaign-in-nh-focusing-on-fighting-corruption/30490959
PAC 12 officials would have assassinated an official from the wrong country by mistake.
Per 538 Trump had a 30% chance. Their model gives Bloomberg, Klobuchar, Yang, Gabbard, and Steyer a less than 1% chance *combined*. I don't see a likely path to the nomination for Bloomberg. The early states dictate the narrative too much, and he's non-competitive in them.
I'll reiterate that it's a small sample size from a month ago. But there's really not much more to go on at the moment.
Any lawyers want an aneurysm? [Read the comments here about how the courts need to issue an injuction commanding Congress to pass climate change legislation because not doing so is a violation of the General Welfare clause](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/eqkvom/our_planet_is_seriously_burning_and_the_adults/)
I Kant believe you've done this.
Because I’m going somewhere north of Palm Beach....
I mean the Mets have spring training in Port St Lucie...
&gt; There's this Conventional Wisdom that Sanders would have trouble unifying Dems, but 23% being dissatisfied/upset is smallest number. I would like to see a breakdown of the responses by candidates support. The YouGov polls have a similar question, about whether voters would be disappointed with a given candidate, and show (like the demographics in this poll, but actually to a greater degree) that consistent across basically all candidates, men find more candidates unacceptable than women, white (and to a lesser extent hispanic) people find more candidates unacceptable than black people, and young people find more candidates unacceptable than older people. I suspect part of the reason that Sanders' acceptability numbers are so good compared to the other candidates is that a higher percentage of his supporters are rating every other candidate as unacceptable, while more supporters of the other candidates see Sanders as acceptable. Without crosstabs on that though it's just speculation based on candidates' demographic support base. EDIT: To illustrate, here's the last national YouGov poll: https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/ueji3eha6i/econTabReport.pdf Question 42 is the relevant one here. In this poll men are pretty consistently twice as likely to be disappointed in a candiate as women - some examples are Buttigieg (29% to 13%), Warren (23% to 11%), Sanders (26% to 16%). When you look at age, the only candidates where at least 30% of people 18-29 wouldn't be disappointed are Sanders (18%), Yang, Warren, and Booker, while the 3 30+ age brackets only include combinations of Gabbard, Bloomberg, Delaney, and Steyer as candidates where 30%+ would be disappointed. Then there's an even bigger difference between white (and also hispanic) voters and black voters. The least unacceptable candidate to white voters is (was) Booker at 18%, *every candidate but Gabbard* is more acceptable to black voters than that. For example, only 8% of black voters would be dissatisfied with Biden, compared to 27% of white voters. Only 9% with Steyer, compared to 30%. Then there's party ID and ideology, Independents are twice as likely to be dissatisfied with any given candidate, liberals are slightly more likely to be dissatisfied with any candidate except Sanders, Warren, and Booker. And people from the northeast are more likely to be dissatisfied with any given candidate. Well, in the first choice question from that poll, Sanders leads among white and hispanic voters, young voters, Independents, liberals, and people from the northeast.
Put CiCi on ESPN you cowards!
Hey, frosted tips were like the 14th best thing about the 90s.
"happy" Medvedev looks like he just realized that the guy he was waving to who he thought was Steve is actually not Steve and just a guy who looks a bit like Steve and now it's awkward.
Perhaps he does not own the bananas, but rather he earns a commission on each banana sold.
You can overcome slow *or* inaccurate, but she's both at the moment.
1. Wang gets to 0-30 2. Serena rips a bunch of serves 3. Repeat
Anyway, everybody Wang Qiang tonight?
Did you know: Falcons are more closely related to parrots and hawks are more closely related to toucans than falcons are related to hawks or parrots are related to toucans.
So by betting odds, Gauff is now the 4th favorite to win the tournament, after Barty, Kvitova, and Halep, respectively.
&gt; u do know betting odds aren’t just who’s the best chance. I didn't say they were.
WADA doesn't ding you for photosynthesis?
Pretty sure you could make up any damn stat about Isner's serve and I'd probably buy it.
Mertens-Bellis through 2 sets has taken 7 minutes less than Nadal took to win in 3 - and Mertens won the first set 6-1.
&gt;If we can spend the rest of the year without demonizing transphobic left-wing people we might get to live under socialism. Yeah well now I'm gonna demonize transphobic left-wing people even *harder.*
I mean, Anakin *is* an idiot, so...
In Galactic Standard Time?
I'm for watching whichever match is more competitive. I'm tired of seeing the big 3 kick someone's ass for an hour and a half.
The problem with the Dancing Queen joke is that *Federer* isn't old enough for that song.
*Subscribe.*
People who die in car accidents, just like Kobe Bryant and others who die in helicopter accidents, were killed by excessive wealth and privilege, because death rates on public transit are much lower. Being so outrageously rich that you can afford a car makes you the architect of your own demise. (paraphrasing something found posted unironically in /r/news)
Hey now, left wing theocratic mercantilists are a real threat!
Nah, it was Jimmy, but he was hit by a bus when he was five so we were spared his terrible wrath.
NOTE: The link is a spoiler, I can't figure out how to put a link in a spoiler tag, the spoiler tag says what the link is. Right, well, this is kind of a huge hint: [The map that went along with the chart:](#h) [SPOILER LINK](https://i.imgur.com/JDH6qhQ.png)
lol. No, but lol.
&gt; Georgetown is a pretty interesting place. Nice try but I've been there.
As a radical Kiribati anti-centrist, all humans are men.
/r/politics: &gt;NIMBY neoliberals are the worst.
Then shake it all about.
Well maybe he's a little bit sensitive. Let's try to be supportive.
*Checks other discussions tab* *Sees /r/GenderCritical* *Flaired as "Good News"* Fuck TERFs. Ban me idc.
Trial balloon.
Nice, that's one blind stab in the dark I converted.
Oh come on, give me a little credit. Mario is a plumber, and the other guy is a ninja turtle.
Meanwhile on the left: "We need to jail people who employ immigrants!"
[Oh Christ the comments in here...](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/ewuupu/why_bernie_sanders_is_the_strongest_candidate_for/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
An explanation for why that’s being downvoted: &gt;Because this is reddit and the majority of posters here are woke performative allies if not outright neoliberals. Think ‘LGBTCIA’...
My inbox yesterday: &gt;This is what socialism is about: police policing and the community guiding it based upon communal values &gt;Instead we get materialist pigs a world away dictating that out police depts have to wear Kevlar &gt;Sit here and mind your business like the good little impotent commentator they want you to be. Just like mom &amp; dad shouting down Dan Rather over TV dinners My inbox today: &gt;FUCK YOU TERRORIST. BURN IN HELL. I HOPE YOU DIE SCREAMING. TRUMP WILL PUT YOU BEHIND BARS. Exciting times we live in.
Laughing at George Soros conspiracy theories is peak left unity. He's apparently simultaneously bankrolling the neoliberal world order, the anarchists, and the bolsheviks.
Also Karel Bossart, who was originally Belgian and came to the US on an MIT scholarship.
For all those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted.
So is the U.N. IPCC report dog shit too? Since 2050 is the IPCC carbon neutrality target year too. And that's for the 1.5 degrees of warming goal, which is considered fairly ambitious.
*slaps roof of bunker* This bad boy can fit so many cowards in it.
Rasmussen has a lean, but at least it's a fairly consistent lean. Just knock a few points from the R side to the D side and they're generally bang-on. Change Research's results tend to be all kinds of mental.
Strictly speaking it led to 12 years of the First Republic under 3 different legislative bodies (the last of which was dominated by Napoleon), the First French Empire under Napoleon, the Bourbon Restoration, the July Monarchy of Louis Phillippe I, 4 years of the Second Republic which ended with a coup by the President, and the Second French Empire under Napoleon III, before finally transitioning into a stable democracy. Someone born on the eve of the French Revolution overthrowing Louis XVI would have been 79 by the time France actually attained a stable democracy with the Third Republic.
He should absolutely have a job, though I'll concede that his style, ability, and price tag (at least early in his free agency) did somewhat limit the teams where he'd be an ideal fit. So it's problematic that he didn't get a job anywhere, but there's a lot of teams where I'd honestly go "why would you want to sign that player to play backup in that offensive scheme for that much money?"
Ultimately there is no one reason for police violence, there are a number of contributing reasons, so any single change won't solve the problem. That being said, ensuring that police are sufficiently compensated in order to attract stronger applicants is one of many things that should be considered in developing a solution. As is reforming the standards for applicants for the job. As is improving training in deescalation, appropriate use of force, racial sensitivity and relations, and other areas. As is changing laws regarding permissible policing techniques such as no-knock raids. As is adopting policing strategies aimed at building strong relations between police and communities and focusing on preventative approaches to crime and outreach initiatives that extend beyond the law enforcement role of police. As is creating oversight organizations. As is improving the quality of those in leadership positions and holding up those police leaders who are capable and just as examples to follow. And a variety of other things too.
It’s always tits with these people, just once I want someone to come in here and say “I want some big stonking elbows!”
I should really learn to keep my mouth shut.
I’m not entirely certain what you mean.
Oh, then a summary execution is totally cool. Fortunately the Bill of Rights has a whole section on how it only applies so long as some random bloke on the internet doesn’t think you’re a bad dude.
Cue people complaining that CNN isn’t labeled as deep state controlled.
&gt;according to a law enforcement official with access to intelligence behind the shadowy group. (X)
FWIW Imperial Japan really may have killed more people than the Nazis, possibly even quite a lot more, but the European theatre had much better record keeping.
I have previously observed that they're clearly [cosplaying as Dennis Nedry.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/jurassicpark/images/c/cf/JP-DennisNedry2.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20090430165418)
&gt; After trump, us! https://i.imgur.com/iLPesoB.jpg
&gt; His moderate competitors all dropped out to endorse him. How is it that everyone always forgets Bloomberg was still in the race on Super Tuesday? As I recall he received slightly more votes than Warren as well. Indeed, Sanders+Warren would have only been a majority in 3 Super Tuesday states - Colorado, Utah, and Vermont.
It's math.
&gt; He was literally arguing on the side of Segregation Except the context of the quote is that he's literally discussing the best way "to insure that we do have orderly integration of society" and specified that he was "not just talking about education but all of society."
I don’t think the negative ads about Trump are intended to change the minds of people who genuinely think he’s doing a good job but rather to dissuade more conservative people who already think he sucks from trying to rationalize their way into a vote for him, and to motivate people who aren’t enthused about the nominee to vote regardless.
It ought to be repackaged if that will make the agenda more likely to be enacted. If, on the other hand, your priority is to feel smug about how much more clever you are than the stupid “other” people who don’t do a deep dive into the specifics and nuance of every policy proposal, then “Defund the Police” is a perfect slogan for you. If the pupils don’t understand the lesson, it is the fault of the teacher. Communicate better.
Demilitarization, refocusing, reallocation of funding, illegalization of improper policing techniques, etc.
&gt; Three Doors Down I was gonna say I was surprised that they're right wing except I'm actually just surprised they still exist.
Can't we just try Caprica again? Caprica was good.
Irrespective of the merits of that argument, it's not really relevant. Civil rights laws don't prohibit "racism", they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, religion, etc. Now, if I had to guess I don't think this quite falls under the category of a public accommodation with respect to Title II of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, but it's an interesting question.
&gt; The 5 main protected classes of the 1964 act was Race, Color, religion, sex, national origin. Maybe you are thinking of sexual orientation? &gt; &gt; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protected_group Not the relevant sections of it, sex is in Title VII, this would be a Title II case if anything, which is just race, color, religion, and national origin. &gt;Don't like the ladies night example? What about affirmative action? That's the big elephant in the room. Yes some states have banned it, but federally nothing has been done to stop it, only to make it more indirect. I think that's a mischaracterization of the legality of affirmative action. In order to be judged constitutional, affirmative action must pass the judicial standard of strict scrutiny - it must be necessary to achieve a compelling state interest, narrowly tailored to achieve that interest, and use the least restrictive means to do so.
Aren’t winning and victory the same thing? Just... pointing it out I guess.
I may drink too much scotch? Granted that's probably what I'll do if he wins too.
Lotto numbers is really the smart play here.
It’s from... uh... me.
Legit question for fat Americans, how do I eat the 19-27 wild eclairs that jump onto my plate within 3-5 minutes while my small kids eat their vegetables?
What can the harvest hope for, if not for the care of the Reaper Man?
Department of Ratfuckery
Hell, it was probably the worst thing Romney said the entire campaign, but for Trump this is barely worth throwing on the list.
I mean, last poll that came out (Economist) had Biden leading Trump among 18-44 year olds by over 20 points, and Trump leading Biden among 65+ year olds by 7 points, so yeah, they know their audiences. Probably not worth spending a lot of money on the 22 year old cable news &amp; network sitcom couch potato or 75 year old internet troll &amp; social media wiz demographics.
Some of it lost a pitched battle to a strong gust of wind a while back.
That's what I was expecting to find. I can't decide whether I'm pleased that the actual argument is more amusing or dismayed that it's so fucking stupid.
Maybe it was a door to door Antifa membership salesman! With OFFICAL Antifa-approved merchandise!
Maybe he's looked 50 for the last 35 years.
OK. I mean, doing this accomplishes next to nothing, but likewise there's no compelling reason not to do it, so sure, whatever.
Chicago's unemployment rate last year was 3.8%. Not only was that lower than the state unemployment rate in Illinois, it was lower than the unemployment rate in 15 other states as well.
&gt;As I said earlier, I think it’s very important though to stick to a statute or a law as it is written Neil Gorsuch: &gt;Those who adopted the Civil Rights Act might not have anticipated their work would lead to this particular result. Likely, they weren’t thinking about many of the Act’s consequences that have become apparent over the years, including its prohibition against discrimination on the basis of motherhood or its ban on the sexual harassment of male employees. But the limits of the drafters’ imagination supply no reason to ignore the law’s demands. When the express terms of a statute give us one answer and extratextual considerations suggest another, it’s no contest. Only the written word is the law, and all persons are entitled to its benefit.
But the US does have a larger population than ^^the ^^Republic ^^of China.
The last DMR Iowa poll a month and a half ago had Trump +10 over Biden (and +12 over Sanders).
Alarmingly accurate, really.
So where am I supposed to post about the music I hate now? Not on /r/music obviously they're dicks who like trash.
When I say we should defund the DT what I mean is we should get rid of it completely and replace it with a community participatory venue to serve as a nexus for conversation about many and divers subjects not typically pertinent to such items as are intended to be submitted for conversation of a particular focus on said items.
I keep forgetting about this place.
But I've got all these hot takes on cheese pairings with seafood and Billie Eilish and possibly a few on mandatory composting policy.
Nah, this sub will have a dog.
If I had a nickel for every time someone asked why Congress hasn't done something extremely obvious, I'd probably have enough money to buy enough congressmen to actually do those things.
Knowing what the fuck you're doing disqualifies you from subreddit modship. It's like the police academy exam.
Hmm.
Tasteless yet vivid, I award your metaphor 3.5 stars.
^^^I'm ^^^not.
Well, a nickel is a piece of metal with Thomas Jefferson on it and it's allegedly money but nobody ever uses them.
Final thought of the night. Biggest mistakes Joss Whedon ever made: 1. Breaking up Xander and Anya 2. That's it. 3. That's the only one.
This is silly.
They succeeded in making a complete imbecile the most powerful person in the world, which is... well disturbing, but also kind of impressive I guess.
[Leftists insisting that they, and not liberals, are the ones who can end systemic racism because liberals are too preoccupied with identity politics when color doesn't matter and class is the only divide.](https://i.imgur.com/IyIx6tS.gif)
“Half” seems like a conservative estimate.
This image is really playing the pronoun game with its indeterminate "them", eh?
&gt; Nobody is seriously advocating eliminating the police. *Person responding to you seriously advocates eliminating the police* https://i.imgur.com/qy8zGg2.gif
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Tsundere
Not like anyone else does.
My liver says Rice and my pancreas says Warren.
https://i.imgur.com/pX2IXGX.gifv
He represented one of the top 50 most diverse US States.
Well sure but that's sorta the opposite of what this cartoon is suggesting.
Ignoring for a moment that the article doesn't actually go on to fully endorse what it suggests in its headline, but rather kinda waffles on the issue... &gt;People like me who want to abolish prisons and police, however, have a vision of a different society, built on cooperation instead of individualism, on mutual aid instead of self-preservation. What would the country look like if it had billions of extra dollars to spend on housing, food and education for all? This change in society wouldn’t happen immediately, but the protests show that many people are ready to embrace a different vision of safety and justice. Anyone who thinks that someone given housing, food, and education will never choose to harm others is woefully naive. What do you do with a habitual spousal abuser, just keep throwing social workers at the situation to mediate between the abuser and abused? Maybe buy the couple a nicer house? I'm not saying that policing in this country doesn't need drastic reform. But policing in a lot of other developed countries actually works pretty well, and they haven't abolished prisons and replaced them with social welfare programs. There's always going to be a need for *enforcement* of the law, because there's always going to be people who choose to harm others even with every advantage provided to them. Yes, changing our social welfare policies would prevent a lot of crime, but people aren't just clay to be molded, they'll make bad decisions no matter how well equipped they are to not do so.
I’ve been thinking that I’d like to know if and how the officers involved were trained to deal with this type of situation. Obviously the details are much different than the Floyd case, which unfolded over close to ten minutes. This happened in a comparative instant. That doesn’t make this case better, of course, but it’s important to consider that these cases may have very different causes, and therefore very different solutions to prevent future similar incidents. In any case, the “point of failure” in this case may be entirely non-specific to the officers; this may be a case of insufficient or improper training being the primary contributing factor.
The Museum of Occupation in Tallinn has a statue of Lenin guarding the toilets in the basement.
He’s progressive AND establishment.
Am I the only one here who hasn't even played the first TLOU because the mere idea of playing another zombie game bores me to tears? Anyone? I mean the list of games I really truly despise is a pretty short one, but both the Resident Evil and Dead Space series have pretty strong presences on it.
https://i.imgur.com/jSGpZSB.gifv
Obligatory "Jonestown actually used Flavor Aid" comment.
And then on this sub we hear why so-and-so is the worst choice and will sink his campaign; if people around here are to be believed every possible choice would be a complete disaster so I guess he should just skip the whole VP thing altogether.
IMO the entire discussion about the level of police funding in the abstract is putting the cart before the horse. What are we spending money on now that we shouldn’t, and what aren’t we spending money on now that we should? The amount of funding for police should be “whatever is required to implement reform and achieve our goals”, whether that’s less, more, or the same.
Hell, part of the reason I like Pelosi is because she vacuums up a lot of the hate that would potentially go elsewhere.
Jen and David have been chatting for about 10 minutes.
I do
I wonder if Donald Trump even knows who Soren Kierkegaard or Satchel Paige were.
Funny that a Bernie-or-buster is complaining about Biden using online grassroots small-donor fundraising.
It's correct, the poll ordered them by % favorable and he had a lot of no opinions.
I assume you're referring to Diaz, and no, he's in 3rd place at 15%, Torres is leading at 31.1%. That's with about 20% of the 2018 votes in, though this is a more heavily contested election and there will probably be higher turnout.
Fun fact, we have Mitch McConnell to thank for it not being illegal. He was one of 3 Republicans to vote against the flag desecration amendment in 2005. 13 Democrats voted for it (looking at you in particular Senators Reid and Feinstein). It failed by one vote.
Well no, it was settled as to a regular law to that effect being unconstitutional, but a constitutional amendment banning flag burning can’t be unconstitutional by definition.
Fun fact: Eliot Engel has voted with Trump less often than Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez since 2017, and Progressive Punch rates him as more progressive than Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in terms of 2019-2020 votes, both the crucial votes and overall. While AOC is strongly rated in terms of crucial votes (though not as strongly as Engel, who is tied for 11th), she has been the 177th most progressive member of Congress when taking into account all votes. https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/house/ https://progressivepunch.org/scores.htm?topic=&amp;house=house&amp;sort=crucial-current&amp;order=down&amp;party=
Well, aside from the 538 congress tracker: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/house/ Here's Progressive Punch's scores: https://progressivepunch.org/scores.htm?topic=&amp;house=house&amp;sort=crucial-current&amp;order=down&amp;party= Engel's lifetime score is pretty moderate, but his 2019 score - both for crucial votes and overall - is better than AOC's. Actually, AOC is 177th most progressive in overall votes, although since the vast majority of Democrats are at 95%+ in the overall the difference is negligible. But regardless, Engel's votes on critical bills at least for the past year have been among the most progressive in the House.
FWIW I agree, and I have no problem with progressives mounting primary challenges in deep blue districts even though I’m a moderate. But the comment that spurred me to look up those numbers was a suggestion that Engel is closer to being a Republican than he is to someone like AOC. Which is silly.
He’s invariably either too tough or too soft on China depending on the context. One way or the other he just never gets it right.
Because they're playing you, dumbass.
Way too restrictive, 15 people have achieved an EGOT, I'd be surprised if anyone ever manages those four. That would be the equivalent of someone winning Best Picture, Best Musical, Best Album, and Outstanding Drama Series.
HE JUST DOES OK?!
In fucking *Stamford*?
Texas being half pregnant about it as usual.
That title is peak word salad.
&gt;Also receiving votes: Tucker Carlson Well clearly somebody's just taking the piss.
There are some in New York, but I don’t know if I’d bet on them.
&gt; I mean, he WOULD be that lucky despite his unhealthy life style, that asshole. If only the good die young, he's probably immortal.
A lot of things would have to improve in this country for them to come back, and at least at the moment basically all of those things are moving in entirely the opposite direction
There's a hell of a lot fewer of them than Clinton and Trump. On this date in 2016, Clinton's net favorability was -14.3. Today, Trump's is -14.6. Biden's is -1.6.
My favorite conspiracies are actually just word salads. &gt;Biden is the leader of the Chinese Neocon Network. They planted ZTE to steal F35 technology and Obamacare Prescription Armageddon which is based on 90 of import just from China. I willing to bet F35s are just obvious ones but probably includes ramjet engines, microwave lasers and more. We are at the brink of war and this is why you have choas right now.
Because she was a boring hokey midwestern moderate and the Midwest is filled to the brim with boring hokey moderates. Amy Klobuchar has the second highest approval rating among Democrats in the senate after Leahy (both Sanders and King are ahead of her too, but they’re Independents).
John Brown’s character was unimpeachable but even Frederick Douglass knew his plan sucked.
Everyone talking about Chapos being banhammered and I’m just over here like “lol TERFs get fucked”
In their defense NYT alerts are really on the damn ball, I’m on reddit constantly and they’re still how I find out about lots of stuff.
Semi-ironic quasi-tankie shitposting mostly. The degree of irony and level of tankieness varied from “actually pretty funny” to “seriously get yourself some help.”
NGL I'm hyucking pretty hard right now.
Tankie antifascism always ends up reminding me of that one quote from a Trump supporter - to paraphrase for this context, "they're not hurting the people they need to be hurting!"
I do have a strong and deeply held moral opposition to quick time events tho.
&gt; Yeah, I'm sure they're important to someone Like me for instance! (but more levels of customization would always be good, yes)
The last “I’m gonna play every single X” I tried was Tomb Raider and it lasted about the 10 minutes it took to realize how poorly the first game(s) aged. Fortunately, the Sonic games I think aged better than that.
I’ll cop to recognizing more names than I’d expected. Also there’s at least a couple trans gals on that list, so yay diversity I guess?
Ultimately I think it’s just a bad time letting other peoples opinions of media affect yours too much. And not just people you respect, I’ve certainly found myself trying harder to like a game or movie because shitheads didn’t like it for shitty reasons. Like... when Black Panther came out, obviously it caught a lot of hate from douchebags. And on the flip side its right at the top of a lot of rankings of Marvel movies by people I do respect. And... I think it’s... OK. Great villain, some really engaging supporting characters, one really great action sequence, but frankly it’s a bit of a mess in places, the final battle is all kinds of dodgy visually, and the protagonist’s journey is one of the least compelling in the series. So it’s fine, I guess, and I wanted to like it more, I just didn’t.
IIRC the Shire was founded well after two of the three kingdoms Arnor had split into had been conquered. The remnant that was Arthedain probably didn’t have the resources or time to fight another war, and afterwards I don’t think Gondor could project its power that far north.
