If Newcastle sign him you won’t have to worry about him scoring
Bloke is an absolute rat
No, only 2 players have started the event, when more play it, it will improve.
Nobody knows as they were all pushing their fingers into their eyes
Hello fellow struggler
Nobody is gonna die, this is Southern England. Nobody dies in Southern England, Jeremy, that just doesn't happen.
Are you talking about Mike Ashley?
Waiting on a Phillips PicoPix 1080p (the crowd funded one) - can’t wait
Yet they blame it all on ‘infrastructure’ sigh. Goodbye Northern, good riddance
Drugs are baaaad mmmmmk
Theyre shipping like right now, £6m raised.. have a look at https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/philips-picopix-max-1080p-full-hd-pico-projector They’re taking an age to get them out so the comments are pretty critical. You can still buy into it but you’d be back of the queue in terms of delivery Also, i’m a little concerned by the reviews from the people who have it but I’m sure it’s down to the software and not hardware https://youtu.be/iXv_JfjzhIw
How is it unjust? You saw about 10 minutes about him if that on the netflix documentary. Try living through that for 2 years, the bloke is a cock. And yes, whilst everything was pretty much Ellis Shorts doing - it doesn’t help having a mercenary who is refusing to play, saying he’s injured (when it’s very difficult to prove) and earning 70k a week in an area where the average income is quite low compared to the rest of England.
Annoying isn’t it. It’s very much a reputation game these days. You just have to look at who is in charge at you lot to work that out. Same with managers like Mark Hughes. There are so many players and managers dining out from doing well in their early years.
Someone is going around killing innocent players
Ross and Rachel anyone?
&gt;that trains hard and has proven to managers he's a quality player. He does neither.
It’s incredibly short sighted to shorten your career by staying doing nothing for a few months extra on 70k when you could earn yourself another 5-6 years by moving on, working hard and earning a more steady income. Nobody will touch him long term now when a couple of years ago he could’ve been away. Netflix has done the damage to his reputation and rightly so. He’ll get no sympathy from me, oh it must be so hard for the poor lad having to live in 6 bedrooms rather than 8.
Live to win! (Btw, a WoW player actually got to level 60 killing boars)
Atleast Arsenal had him on their list, Man Utd thought it was a new Soya brand Soy and Chew.
Classic English midfielder, have a good couple of years to start your career, get a decent move and wage, dine out on your early reputation, never hit your potential, flop at a world cup and retire in the Championship.
In fairness, he’s done/doing the last 2 points
Got 20p ya dickhead? (If you like Devvo, watch Burnt Face Man)
How does she expect to get sperm? From a woman?
Show him females on the internet
I’ve also tried this and wasn’t getting much luck so I just restarted chromecast and controller.
I knew something was wrong, when a pretty little white girl ran into a black mans arms
Were they singing Fuck the IRA? We sung this years ago at him in the Premier League and nobody batted an eyelid.
He hasn’t worn on since 2012 when he was with us, we gave him shit for it too and he was our player. He’s absolutely thick as fuck so some of his twitter postings really haven’t helped him.
Shit scared of Shearer had me laughing
You’re managed by Bruce and it’s January, here comes 10-14 games without a win.
Yep, seems to be a recurring thing for Bruces teams, injuries galore. I wonder if he over or under trains his players. Pukki hat trick? :P
I’m sure he doesn’t mind the queens English pounds in his bank account mind.
He’s talking shite. They should have been ahead in the first half but left rueing their missed chances. They’ve been very disappointing second half.
The secret ingredient is crime
Yes please
It was a Friday Night Dinner quote but ok
It was a Peep Show reference, lost on some it would seem
I had a pet called Wilson, a german shepherd who left his dollops everywhere
We are not the hair blair bunch
We lost to them 8-0 in 2015. Imagine our team that day vs your team that day.
*You put me behind and I respect it we will speak after*
Google takeout sounds like they’ve ventured into delivering takeaways. *What do you want?* *Let’s get a google takeout*
Watch the football!
He looks absolutely Jack Grealished
Do you enjoy the derby? I am fucking terrified walking to the ground, it’s a game you simply cannot lose. That said, we’ve been on the better side of results for a good few years now but generally find the game a pain in the arse.
Netflix season 2 is gonna be very interesting.
I heard when Sheff Utd announced Jack Rodwell he didn’t turn up
February I think, don’t think the cameras have been recording season 3 this season.
I’d imagine 10 and if they go up 15.
Brings a whole new meaning to Come on you irons
I suppose it depends if you’re measuring mindset or execution. Mindset you’d want to look at all shots so you know if they are actively choosing not to use their weak foot at all, shots on target would get you how good they are at using it.
As much as it is an american thing, a Premier League draft would be fucking cool to see. Oh look, Aguero now has to play for Bunrley.
Will be my first GP, and I’m from the UK! Can’t wait!
He’s setting it up look, come the 60th minute and a sub happens you know whats up... Aston Villa manager Dean Smith on Sky Sports: "We haven't got any centre forwards, it's as simple as that. "Jonathan Kodjia came off the training pitch ill yesterday. Hopefully we can be as good as Manchester City last night. "We've got no choice! We don't have any centre forwards. That's where we are."
I’d take Barbies Magical kingdom at this point
1-1 Not great, not terrible
Hello jackie, and the others Something smells niiiice
Does this mean you could get your free sub, email them and tell them you’ve had your points ‘nicked’, rinse and repeat?
More importantly, could it signal a return to Corrie for Rosie? Exciting times ahead.
Imagine if the teams had to add the new name on to all the old historic names so you just got one long team name. Hamilton driving for the BAR Honda Honda Racing Brawn GP Mercedes team
Leeds’ secret weapon
Stoopid is as a stoopid does
Not as good as the bloke who got a massive Andy Cole tattoo on his leg in full Newcastle kit only for him to leave a couple of months later to Man Utd
We normally provide the drama and Newcastle provide the comedy, Middlesbrough bring the horror.
It is flat thats just a mountain on the bottom side
Randy! https://youtu.be/b71yUmWMQto
I was taught it was Stayin Alive so I’ll not go against the word of the Mean Machine legend Danny Meehan. Abso-fucking-lutely Bob.
I have always been a bit of a paedophobe
Well, just wait until he manages their club.
You. Little legs. Guess how many heart attacks I’ve had
Paul Gasgoined 10 Jack Grealished 8
Popularised by g shore
Just imagine, me in the pub all day, but no one can say a thing because it's my job and I've got to be there. I'll literally get paid to go to the pub.
Get F1 TV!
Atleast it’s not £55 anywhere
Good few years ago they didn’t have a cap, think Fulham had charged £50
Extreme world is fantastic. Half the time he calls out drug lords and you always feel if shit kicked off Ross would bang them the fuck out. There was one where an armed tribe threatened him as a test and he grabbed the end of the AK and said ‘are you gonna shoot me then?’.
Everybody look at de moon
Peter Sutcliffe
Try it today, I had a food few games load in pretty quickly last saturday
Day 923: Returning to start filming The Two Towers I have no memory of this place.
Garlic bread?
You dropped your gay card mate
So, never then
My train was delayed for 10 mins yesterday after a medical emergency, turns out - a school kid broke their ankle getting on the train and as per the tannoy announcer ‘it’s pointing the wrong way’.
What happened an hour later on the same train line was far worse
Someone committed suicide
Aug - Dec : Don’t you know pump it up, the whites are going up Jan - May : Leeds, Leeds are falling apart, again
Garlic bread. It’s the future, i’ve tasted it
We’ll see you soon, don’t you worry.
It’s like the most dangerous game of chicken
One of the greatest PL strikers we’ll ever see.
He’s a mag what do you expect?
Well if they keep getting rid of the ones who want out, they’ll have one - their reserves.
Press F to pay respects to those who put Man City defenders in their FPL
I don’t know what you’re talking about ;)
Hahahaha chortle chortle
I was actually quoting the man himself : https://youtu.be/Z3RQ_WFCG8Y
If you’re anything like we are he’ll be shit for you. I hope you get back up though. Reference : see Will Grigg
We’ve picked up in the last few weeks. He isn’t a goalscorer but has put in some good showings in the last few games. Fans are starting to get behind Parky. However, the boardroom is a mess.
Maybe the bombings improve its appearance
I am disappointed it’s not the Dacia Sandero
Had they won any of the prior Euros or World cups? I’d maybe understand if they had won like the last 10 tournaments. Not winning it would be a huge disappointment.
Fabian Correa, signed for £12m as a 17 year old and was an Argentinian regen. Developed into a world class striker playing at Sunderland in the CL at the age of 21 and decided Sunderland weren’t big enough because we’d finished 2nd in the PL and got to the Europa final and lost (on Penalties because he fucking missed) so I caved to Barca and sold for £120m. Bitch.
Mike Ashley gives you money on this game?
No Neil, Our families were friends. We were both 8.
We’ll take him if you pay his wages for us.
Jesus, I bet the mags nicknamed you the messiah
What if its Ellis Short?
Not gonna lie I totally read the title as knicker drawer
A night out in Bradford? Has anyone checked on her since?
You miss us really xox
Sergio Ramos leading Singapore to world cup glory
Explains the bad calls from teams, they’re too busy playing Destiny 2 on Google Stadia.
Expectation wasn’t as high I don’t think, but yeah - he was on the brink at one point in 1990 iirc
Hapax Legonomon
Isn’t it talking at the end there? Edit : Childhood ruined. To be fair, as A kid I used to think The Verve - The Drugs don’t work was actually the trucks don’t work
I do hope you get back up all things considered, Leeds in the PL would be way more interesting than the likes of Bournemouth and Watford, but then again you are Leeds so you, like us, always steal defeat from the jaws of victory. I did enjoy the falling apart last season but then again, I’m a shithouse so enjoy any club falling apart (apart from my own).
Will probably just slot in where those leaving were. The drivers who should get a buff should be Leclerc, Max, Sainz, Albon.
People can’t even look right at roundabouts
Aye, let’s blame Henderson for that shall we. Ok.
I mean, you’re all fucking annoying and not real fans anyway /s Let the football on the pitch do the talking.
He goes unnoticed though, he does his job very very well.
It’s amazing to think that there was a time when some of our lot actually thought Jack Colback was better than him... and he did look a better prospect than him in some games for Sunderland during 2010-11, even in 11-12 after he had left he didn’t start particularly well at Liverpool. Look at them both now though.
In fairness, he probably picked up alot of Sunderland voters. We fucking love the kid.
It’s great to see. When he is in his older years he’ll probably come back. We do care, this shit doesn’t happen to us. A mackem lad has lifted the Champions league.
You were literally just slagging his england performances in the top comment.
If someone manages to get this guys username, and banned I will buy you a months membership
For your assignment, what does OB stand for? Also, I hated those reflective essay things, total BS and pointless. They’re just trying to get you to think about a thing called a ‘career’.
I was joking however.
That would imply I speak to women.
Why do all of the football associations always apply the shittest of fines? It’s not exactly a deterrent if the fine is so minuscule compared to their earnings.
Wouldn’t they have to send it by owl back then?
Baby shark do do do do do do
I heard Lee Camp is good
Going mental when you see a rogue on the map for the first time
2319! We have a 2319!
The Bill : Shopping for Crime
That was the bad thing! *that* was the bad thing!
So you’re saying if they’re not coming out on other consoles, it can still be a big title? How? Also just had the nice thought that every title that comes out on the same day as other consoles will be exclusive to us for the time it takes for other plebs to install or download the game!
BA and other mini games kick you out of the room, no?
Let’s make the person who gets targeted have 10x the armour. EZ fix
In fairness, if you do a really fucking good job you’ll be rewarded at some point. Now, I’m certainly not having a dig at any of the staff as *to us* they look like they do a solid job but who knows what it’s like working with them behind the scenes, someone might be an absolutely terrible coder and it takes them ages to get things right. All I’m saying is we only see about 10% of what goes on, and you have to earn that payrise. Too many people these days think they have a gods given right to more pay when they actually don’t bring any value to it or deserve it. That said, pay generally as a minimum does seem pretty shit but they don’t seem bothered about staff retention.
Well atleast we should be getting 10 games by H1 and another 40-80 by Sept.
I suppose some of these might be nearing completion though and then get deployed. I’d imagine ios is on the list to deliver in H1 2020 so they may even start looking at it in Q1 to deliver in Q2. One can hope. With the free model going out this year, they’ll really need to support as many phones as they can.
Not sure what I said that people don’t agree with really. They are paid peanuts, but if the employees graft hard and do a great job that should put them in a position of power to ask for a pay increase.
*Well, they have been squabbling lately and Harry has decided he’s going to piss off to another country.*
That has aged so badly in just 9-10 years its frightening. Some fucking brilliant characters though. *Peter, I’m talking - you and I are going to come to blows in a minute*
I mean it’s not like Leeds are going to be experiencing VAR in the Premier League for a while yet... (Yes, I’m a Sunderland fan - we’re shitter than you, and there no point saying ‘you’re in league one because we know we’re shit. You’re not insulting by saying it)
Peter kay quote
Deadmoo5? Sorry.
I do like the fact they use the french names for English places, nothing rolls off the tongue quite like Cote de Otley Chevin
Interesting debate on Soccer Saturday around whether Leeds would want Southampton to keep winning so that they won’t need Che Adams and let him go to you. You really do need a striker that can score a bucket load and you’ll be fine. Bamford is not good enough.
Us.
Multi 21
The last time they scored 5 was in Aug 18 against Carlisle in the Carabao cup in a 5-1 away win. The last time they scored 5 in the league was a 5-2 win against Barnsley in Aug 13. If anyone wants to do more digging to find a 5-0 away win in the league, good luck finding it.
&gt;Imagine a clean version of Runescape Nice
Do you mean where he lost his front wing? You can see the tuft of grass in this picture
Hi
Loved the bloke tbh, a top top GK at our place. didn’t work out at Liverpool.
No talking
Oh god. How Chelsea made £2m on him even though he like never played For them I don’t know. He was one we sacked, as was Didier Ndong. Both went AWOL. Another we sacked was Gibson for drink driving, and obviously before that Adam Johnson. Not forgetting terminating Rodwells contract. Hopefully Djilobodji and Ndong being sacked is all caught on Netflix.
Join us, you know you want to
Yohan Cabaye was one of the dirtiest bastards you’ll see. He used to get away with loads. The other player I like is how people say Son is a nice guy and there are numerous clips of him kicking people, and lashing out haha
Fantastic at Bradford. Him and James Hanson were Quinn-Phillips esque
I hope everyone has to start from scratch if I’m honest, although cross play would be cool.
This is internal, They have the money available, they’re just not using it on employees.
‘We hear you and we’re looking at it’
2 times a month? That seems like alot actually.
I like gog mainly because the version of The Saboteur they have seems to work on modern PC’s.
Plus in 5 years after Xbox series X/PS5 everyone will need to buy the Xbox 2/PS6
What do they mean by supported tho? Surely any wifi router the chromecast can connect to?!
Atleast we have Netflix. Sidenote but also I like how people still try to insult us for being in league 1 when we know more than anybody we’re absolutely shite. We’ve picked up lately and are back in the playoffs so no doubt we’ll get into the Premier League again before Leeds do.
Have you ever seen a mag punch a horse though?
Check this out : https://youtu.be/0EwQepDqru8
Also drums on QOTSA - No one knows (well, also that whole album) in case you didn’t know
Loads of us have been on holiday there mate, you should go one day. We get about, I’ve even seen mackems in Melbourne
Love the banter with your lot lately. Don’t forget, you’re there forever
Sunderland unemployment rate - 5.3% Newcastle unemployment rate - 5.3% Ok.
You wouldn’t swap Dyche for Bruce? Surely you would otherwise you’re fucking mad. Give it 18 months and Bruce will be out the door and you’ll have all turned on him before that point. *Trust* me.
‘You fucked her didn’t you? You’re disgusting! You’re not James Bond’ *I am James Bond*
The type 25’s are the fake inflatables held on the coast to trick any germans watching
Ferrari 0.7s off the pace in Q3 at Melbourne and then get a 1-2 at Bahrain.
They could get round it Source : I used to bot on classic
Not only is he the perfect pro, he’s a really fucking top bloke
Mate Morrisons are miles better than anywhere
Atleast they’ve had a good few Wembley trips in the last couple of seasons
I was joking
Hardly a shock mind
Liverpools second string getting a draw at a league 1 team. Yep, we’ve a very very long road to get back to the PL.
I was about to comment this very same thing. Thank you. We’re shit, we know though.
That’s what I think she said, although she did have her mouth full at the time... and I’m not sure she was talking to me directly - there were quite a lot of guys there
+2
I’m leaving £20 and a note
Why do I feel like OSRS is the only place this would ever happen
To be fair, this isn’t as bad as jogflex
Hmmm, interesting. i think I’d rather hear nothing than the shit jiggleflox come out with.
What is actually happening? Are you playing that badly? QPR you were robbed by a hand ball but this?????
Would also love to see the red and white McLaren back but y’know
My minds telling me no but my body, my bodies telling me yes
‘Enough of the career guidance, I want some therapy’
Not as bad as Charlie Adam for Stoke the other year
Not sure what happened at our place this season - just don’t think it worked out with Parkinson but last season he was excellent. He is very inconsistent though, some games he will just go missing. I’m sure he’ll be a world beater at Charlton though given how every player is shitter at Sunderland than they are anywhere else.
*People ask me if I like football, and I say yes! But Burnley. Burnley can fuck off.*
Aye but I’ve always known McGeady is a bit of a rat anyway, as much as I liked his performances last season.
He won’t be in it. Don’t think we’re doing a season 3. New one should be out mid March.
Scouse. Northern. Pick one.
We do have mutual hatred you know. We can all agree that Middlesbrough is a shithole.
I’m so torn. He was an absolute hero when he played on loan for us... but now, he’s a mag. Ergh.
It should return, but too many clubs would be happy with where they’d end up so voting purely based on that and not thinking about integrity.
Yeah but can you lure footballers to the wilderness and pk them with your dragon scimmy?
Legard... and here is Hamilton, from Button, from Alonso from Vettel
You always need a lead commentator and a pundit role. It’s a combination that works. Martin Tyler and Gary Neville are the top 2 in football.
He’s come out and said he wasn’t looting, and tbh I believe him for once. The guy is a twat and he’s a fucking moron but I don’t think he would be this ignorant. He doesn’t need to loot, I think he was just protesting and documenting what was going on.
One who I always like is during World Cups, Mark Lawrenson has a really dry sense of humour. Guy Mowbray is decent too. I still don’t think I will unhear Nevilles ‘oooooOooooOooooOoooo’ orgasm mind you.
We could say that Karamja is on a separate plate which is drifting apart, that would help explain why a fucking volcano is on it.
I bet there is a big chunk who get it at the door though, but yeah, generally it’ll be spread out.
I know right like how did they even get it. It’s not something you share openly unless you’re a streamer who isn’t careful.
Totally agree he should’ve got the boot. I do love them on MNF though so wasn’t too bothered. The best commentary out there has to be the Agueroooooo moment, it’s up there with IS THAT GLOCK? Anyway cheer up, F1 is coming back!
On rsc?
That’s right up my street
Yesterday?
That episode was fucking horrific as a child
Let them go wherever the wind takes them
As a Sunderland fan I know the sheer pain of inheriting the family team, let her enjoy success for a while before gifting her Wigan games. I was a Utd ‘fan’ until about 8 then converted.
Hardly back in his box when he’s giving it large to anyone replying. The bloke seems like a proper fucking cunt and I don’t say that lightly. He should be banned for life from football never mind cancelling his season ticket. Does he not know the history of his own club? Arsehole.
Looks like meats back on the menu boys
No, I got it. I liked it. Don’t worry.
Are people still bothered about this game? It’s CS combined with overwatch and people are eventually just going to gravitate back to CS and Overwatch, lol
Far too complicated now. RS should always be simple and thats what brought many to the game. Just awful.
72-77 at ZMI shouldn’t be too bad. Unless you go the lava runes route.
Maybe not but as a kid it felt like an age
&gt;are you better off doing mlm the full 200 hours? Or are you better off doing 3t granite for 100 hours and then doing zulrah for 100 hours? Not everyone wants to do max ehp efficiency rates and I’m one of them.
Yep, I enjoy the game.
Doesn’t matter had sex
Genuine rip account
Yep, can confirm this too. If’s literally unhackable as there is no way anyone will know your original name at this point. I can see why they’ve moved to emails but old style now is much more secure ironically. Everyone moans about shit security but with 2FA, and all the right steps, it’s very hard to hack an account imo. The hacks we do see are always involving some kind of leaked info.
That only came out last week
Nippy nippy!
Ferraris unveil their 2020 F1 car the SF90
So many bands, I’m drowning in all the bands. Is it Snow Patrol? The Beatles?
I wonder if you can play whilst in your moms basement ....wait a minute
Glad to see the stadia projector club isn’t just me. I’m using an xgimi halo and it’s brilliant gaming on a 100” screen! I don’t notice any input lag personally.
Agility mainly, but also for farming runs, however- I think personally I’d rather take lumby diary ring and save the inv spot. Zily it depends if you’d want to sacrifice range bonus. I’m not sure where else it would be useful. Basically anywhere where alot of running is required, questing probably being another?
Do you not mean lougle maps?
Is the point not the loot tho? You can’t say ‘there’s no point’ if there is loot to get.
Yeah RC is a good one generally. ZMI you’re constantly on the run.
Maybe you’re secretly entered into a t bow giveaway
Needs to either have a higher chance of healing or when it does heal it heals for 25-75% of the dmg done
Ahh my bad. But yeah generally it should be high effort, higher reward. I’d stay at Ardy personally unless I specifically wanted the loot, but it doesn’t sound like the loot is worth the pain.
They’ve just won The Hunted
My personally favourite is ‘good base salary’ Literally starts at 25k and you need to be a fucking wizard in all forms of language.
I hope you call it Smaug
Me: *Karl, If I was a duck, would you kick me up the arse?* Bot : *Why aren’t you married?*
*There’s no fork handles on this dinner table*
Is Nick Webber-Agnew supporting? Gonna go and take some twittagra afterwards
I think it either needs an increase in the number of times it works, or make it heal alot more than it does whilst still 10% chance
A dutch rudder?
They’ve given up on it. Which means we have to. A truly pathetic response to this whole situation for league 1. The league was so tight too. We’re 3 points behind 2nd and we’re 7th. Our club came out and said, if the season finishes behind closed doors, nobody gets a refund on season tickets for the games missed. They’d give you a streaming pass. The same for the 20-21 season. They’ve had to backtrack because of the backlash they got.
Clubs like us and Peterborough are desperate to play on because we know we have a great chance of getting into the play offs. It’s so tight at the top you simply can’t apply PPG. We’re 7th and 3 points from 2nd. Very very disappointing if it ends.
Think it should be a clue scroll step tbh
This isn’t bad considering the loot you got combined with the xp rates.
I thought so, everyone just drop traded lol
I suppose some people might use it instead of the word "bro". Either way, I suggested an automatic ban for using it and got downvoted heavily.
Well, you could remove several instances based on common ways of saying it. You're right tho, it wouldn't stop someone typing each letter as a single message I guess.
I’m all for banning accounts if they say it tbh. It’d remove an absolute load of toxic players.
Pretty clear that with only 135 league one tests, that screams out play off teams only being tested and will mean there season is going to end.
You’re 6 totals above me and 400m xp above me lmao
Been using it since Jan/Feb and earnt a whopping £2.03. Oh well, it’s free money
Chat disabled for 3 seconds
Kinda wish GTA online and this were more like an MMO, where the quests just blend in and you had some kind of skill progression. Too many loading screens on GTAO for me.
Tbh next time he plays Man Utd he might need to count to those numbers.
He’s in, he’s in, he’s in .... OooooOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOooooOooooOo UN-BEL-IEVABLE
Enjoying all the twitch activity lately, particularly the F1 races. Who’d have thought Courtois was a keen sim racer.
Calm down fella, if its any consolation we won’t be playing Man City for a long long time and the number he’d need to count to would be far higher than it would vs Man Utd
it was chomped up hook line and sinker ;)
Straying too far from Saradomins light
Last task out of ALL elites. 223kc in and no head. It’s coming.
Camera facing north, 41 run energy, rip account
It was a wind up mate, get over it. It clearly worked didn’t it.
Don’t say the p word. I’m 2094 total and have no pets. I know total level isn’t a good measurement of pets but I feel like I should have had atleast 1 by now.
To say ‘nobody knew about the statue’ is wrong. Please go and look at Bristol as a place, people know what it signals and there has been debate in the past to get it removed
Yeah that’s a good point. I could do that. In general I’m easing off as I’m a bit burnt out atm tbh.
Back in the day you could camp them and end up with like 12 pairs in one trip lmao
My friend once went to a fancy dress shop and asked if they had any Dracula costumes. The lady went out the back and brought out a full Leeds Utd kit So my friend said ‘Sorry love, you’ve misheard me, I said I wanted to look like a count’
From the microwave?
What happened?
£150 for an image. Yikes
It looks like a giant... JOHNSON get over here! We have an unidentified aircraft shaped like a huge... Woody! Woody Harrelson! Can I have your autograph?
Can he buy us instead?
The only way is if you could get in illegally whilst having the disease I guess.
To be fair, NZ has a small population. Obviously it’s harder for us to lockdown as we’re easy to get to, a huge population vs our landmass. I’d wager that our % of covidiots is not too dissimilar to NZ’s. Our lockdown should’ve come earlier yes, but I’m glad it didn’t as I had to get back in on the 20th March!
Have to be quarantined coming back in.
*cries in United Kingdom*
It’s a farce tbh but then again, we’ve made this our own doing. 3 seasons in league 1 and looking like we’re here forever. Fuck me. It was 18-4 in favour of stopping. 1 abstain. Pompey, Peterborough, Ipswich and Sunderland were the play on brigade. No shit. Everyone voted in their own interests which is why this was broken from day 1.
:(
You’ve ben to Yorkshire alot, are you from here?
If your internet went down, you’re not playing an MMO, irrelevant of the hardware you’re on. I hate the console/PC wars. Just fucking play the system you enjoy and don’t fucking knock what other people are playing, it’s so fucking stupid. Why does there have to be a best console and why are people picking sides?
If we tried this now, so many people would vote against it... but if it was a thing to start with we’d have liked the idea. Interesting isn’t it how we’d accept features if they were there from the get go. I wonder what else there is that we’d flat out reject now, but accept if it was implemented within a new content update. A new skill? Imagine if osrs launched with Warding.
I won about £80 on this race. I was at uni watching it and when he was last at the red flag so I put on like £5 for him to win. Easy money.
I hate this modern age of literally every girl having their own onlyfans, trying to harvest as many followers as they can. I do kinda wish instagram wasn’t a thing at times. By 2025 we’ll all have our own onlyfans.
BLM be like : Holy shit some money just came out of nowhere, who donated it? I can’t see them
*This is no mine, it’s a tomb*
Hmmm i’d disagree with this on the basis that the girls on there aren’t always known.... So I’ve heard
Same with Geordie shore, at the start it was genuinely how they’d behave but now you get people on it wanting to be famous and acting up for the cameras.
2 bros chilling in a hot tub, 5 ft apart cos they’re not gay
Don’t forget The Valleys. The welsh version. It’s all about shagging sheep I’d imagine.
Ha, nerd!
I hope you know it was a John Cena joke and not a AMA related joke btw, although reading it now, it’s kind of both
I don’t really see it as a reason to hate a club mind, we’ve had inept owners and employees for about 15 years. Our fans are some of the loyalist in the country and deserve much better. We got what we well and truly deserved. If you want to hate a club, hate Newcastle. They’re actual cunts.
Cocktent?
I CaMe In LiKE a WrEcKiNg BaLl
Can’t imagine the pressure of having to save a penalty in front of 79,000 screaming geordies mate ;)
Come join us /r/formula1
I wonder where the players are picking it up from...
Does Jagex even know what a phone is?
Wildy slayer master I get, was Edge bank because you can’t unlock mage bank early?
Frog boss. Do it jiggleflex
*when we collide we come together* *when you hit me hit me hard* O.o
Yeah, but why isn’t Grosjean better than Hamilton?
A camel is a horse, designed by a committee as they say.
Are you willing to test this out?
Your mum gave me a tromboner
Tim O’Glock, irish driver
Ahh thats good! That sounds similar levels to Australia. Here in the UK we’ve done so badly at containing it and still seeing about 1.2k new cases a day (we peaked at around 3k new cases a day) with around 100-200 daily deaths at the moment. Hospital admissions and bed capacity is improving slowly. Our care homes for the elderly have been hit hard by this. Our numbers are coming down and by the time the GP comes round we should be in a better position. You have to quarantine for 2 weeks if you visit from abroad, but F1 is an exemption.
It’s now compulsory to wear one on public transport but in general some people wear them others don’t. It’s the Supermarkets that should make them mandatory as they are a high risk area as there are so many people around. They want to look at the 2M rule with a view to relaxing it to possibly 1M as we’re improving test and tracing but personally I think we need to wait until those numbers come right down. Not all school kids are back yet and it doesn’t look like they will be until Sept, which is a 6 month gap in proper education for some.
I bet you’ve said that plenty of times.
Pissing it down ‘ere in West Yorkshire.
I’ve got nothing left!
Turns out, it was a little monkey fella
You’re not you when you’re hungry
Hmm i’m tempted to go back to PC, but figured i’ll wait for the 3080’s or whatever Nvidia calls them.
Ha thats funny. To be fair, whenever karambwanji crops up i always think ‘should i mention that I suggested the stackable update’ but I always decide to sliver back into my compound. He’s no Jebrim mind, fuck that guy
It would be a train. Don’t think there will be much action.
‘So when was this place bombed?’ ‘It hasn’t thats just Ipswich’
I was going to roll with Norwich but didn’t want to risk the wrath of Alan Partridge
And a power sliiiiiiiide
Automatic extensions are an idiotic idea. It’s something we’d offer. P.S nobody knows how to party, like the quim in Darty!
Was watching a popular twitch streamer and he watched a trailer and the whole chat was laughing at the fact the game was also coming to Stadia. Lots of work for Google to do from a brand persecutive.
She got in with a big youtuber a while ago and tried to go it alone. She played runescape for a while and just kept cropping up on peoples youtube channels and always seemed to be there at twitch events. I’m not sure why she’s fuck Gross Gore because the lad is a total prick but I guess she was going round streamers to raise her profile. At one of the insomnias b0aty took her back to his hotel room but he didn’t have a condom so didn’t go the whole way but I think she got what she wanted as as you say, he mentions her now and again. She’s just a young silly girl trying to make a living and doing it totally the wrong way.
Chad dharoker vs virgin door shutter
She even cropped up in a KSI video so I’m pretty sure she’ll have fucked him too. It seems she’s the parcel being passed around, icky.
Look at this dude getting it done in 1 hour
With that one you kinda know the general direction anyway so I didn’t find it too bad as I got some luck on my path. I’d rather that then having to do MEP2, that was just a pain.
We could get more construction content on the back of the new type of logs, that would be nice
Destiny 2 that is
Hahaha yeah something like that, teleports you to zuk
Maybe its the disinfectant
Can you use a pad with f1 2016?
Ummm pardon the stupid question, but what will the UI be like? Console or PC?
I thought the UI on Pc was different to console?
You do have to remember though, F1 drivers have to be willing to compete. They may not be so inclined to do so if they’ve been racing all year and actually need a break. It’d be great to see it happen every off season tjough. I don’t think I’ve ever laughed as much seeing Leclerc absolutely total his truck on ETS2, as well as them racing on lawnmowers together.
Adagio for Strings is the greatest trance track of all time
Not just you. Try the mclaren website, I picked up a 2019 tshirt for about £20 which is pretty good for F1 merch Edit: it works now
£80 for a jumper, even £120 is just fucking silly.
You’ve dropped your rock
Prayer of the refugee boy
It needs an upgrade when the PS5 hits the shelves, they cannot allow a console with ray racing to be out whilst they are struggling to get games at full 4K.
It wasn’t me
Football is still in the stone ages, it really is.
&gt;all the idiot fans White, male, ranging from 16-55? I’d say that’s a key demographic in this and no doubt there is overlap with the still racist population. For the record, this isn’t just a footballing issue, it’s also a society one. Look at Brunei for example.
I wouldn’t say the games being added are much to shout about, though. Some are great little gems but there is a major lack of big titles. I know they say 120 by year end so lets wait and see.
I’d imagine its all been thought through and if testing is happening regularly then things may be ok. It would be classic Leeds to be hot favourites to finally look to be getting back to the PL only to be struck down by a virus.
I doubt they will allow roaming reporters like Ted. Karun can and Ant can do it remotely surely - all they need is a studio space. I wouldn’t be surprised to see Lazenby and one pundit socially distanced and 1 camera man and maybe a sound guy.
It’s weird that it looks like its finally happening, Leeds are a PL club, no doubt about it. I’d much rather see Leeds in there over the likes of Watford or Bournemouth. I’m not looking forward to any football. It’s miserable, PPG has royally fucked us over. We were 3 points behind 2nd and had Rotherham on the last day. They were in poor form too. To say i’m miffed about what happened is an understatement but then again, we are where we rightfully should be - that’s not to say we wouldn’t or would have made the playoffs. Owners have gone awol, still looking to sell, our online shop has been closed during the whole lockdown period (when online sales have been booming), its back now but they’re prepping the move over to Nike... we’re basically a mess.... again. CEO placed in charge feels like Martin Bain all over again, a man hired to be the PR fall guy. They announced no refunds on season tickets if the league ends behind closed doors and received a massive backlash (too right). Even saying 20-21 would be the same. They offered streaming passes as a replacement for the home games, the fans told them to fuck off. So they’ve reversed that decision. Not expecting us back in the Championship any time soon, we’re now a league 1 club. I say that because last season it felt like we were almost a Championship club but now gone full League 1.. and with another 3 clubs coming down, we’re going to struggle to get up with the way we’re playing and our personnel. Rant over somewhat.
It’s classic Leeds to fuck it up, yes.
Do you mean 50/50?
Just me? or did anyone else read the title quickly and read ‘Saido Berahino’ ... say whaaaat
Absolute scenes at the Nike shop today, the Govt should be saying ‘you’re closing if you can’t manage the people’ but they won’t. 2nd peak incoming boys!
Great work mate. Be good to see you look at some other commonly botted places too. You’re the reddit SirPugger.
Think she’s spotted it, that’s right sweetheart. Ergonomic management keyboard
Aww man you had a golden chance to merk Rio and you didn’t take it. ‘It looks good. Apart from the twat wearing it’ may not have gone down very well.
Anyone know if online is cross play? If not the races might actually be closer together if you everyone has to use a controller
I got a ring in there last night
Which means inevitably, he’ll end up with us. We have been linked. ‘Sunderland - buying shite so you don’t have’ is our new motto.
Rashford and the people vs the Govt. there was only ever one winner here if the govt had any sense. A public talking down wouldn’t be great for them right now, they have to keep everyone on side. SPOTY will be interesting actually!
Wow, thats pretty poor that its taken an extra 2 and a half years over osrs.
Hmmm if we’re talking specific to slayer those 2 are not essential or needed. Yes there are benefits outside of it.
2nd peak incoming. You’ve seen the scenes on the beaches, you’ve seen the scenes at the Nike store. China is getting a wave of new cases, we definitely will. We’re still at 100-200 deaths a day ffs!
Do they not have like 10x the resource still? Or has it been scaled back? It’s pretty evident now that they’re starting to shift much more focus on OSRS. It’s not a side project anymore.
Google have a lot of work to do, undeniably and publishers still aren’t releasing games FOR stadia, they’re just porting. The problem Google have is that fact. Come the PS5 and new Xbox player count is going to still be blowing this out of the water and publishers will always look to those first. Unless major improvements are made to make designing games easier &amp; the tech improving, I can totally see stadia going down the pan. Which would be a great shame as it’s great but at the moment I just don’t see it going ‘big’
I’ve got mine now working on my Android TV 9 projector! A bit annoying but its like phone portrait UI so you need to use an app to pretend to have a mouse, just to click play but other than that once you’re in its all good.
That’s why we got relegated twice to avoid using VAR....
60% of the time, every time
SUPER
Correct
Yep, classic jagex. Chuck a load of resource at a new game, give unrealistic expectations, release buggy mess, scale back, abandon
Did anyone wait for his guide on Sins? I decided to press ahead with an unknown creators guide and its worth doing. We all love Slayermusiq but throw a bone to the smaller creators out there once in a while!
My tip : get ugly friends
For everything else, there’s a mastercard
The PC version is being left behind so I’d imagine Stadia and Switch will be too. Let’s see. The Stadia UT market will be interesting...
Controller only online will be interesting unless you can somehow get a wheel working?
He only signed last week
I think he’s quite ready, for another adventure
Read my other comment though. They’re not just adding super fast loading times.
Is that a robot? Is it son?
There are lots of things Apple should do away with. Open up the customisation on ios, that would be stupidly good. Imagine the equivalent of Steam workshop where you could plug in ios mods through a safe environment. It’s stupid you have to jailbreak just to change your themes and design. There is so much they could do.
Can you not get stadia + on chrome through a mac?
Have you ever kissed a girl?
More specifically : https://youtu.be/CwzjlmBLfrQ This had me in absolute tears watching it live and seeing him crop up unexpectedly.
It should drop alot lower. Demand is low vs supply being increased over time
&gt;fuck Ryan Shawcross The lad cried after making an unfortunately bad tackle. I don’t know why you’re saying that.
There used to be a Formula 1 commentator, retired now, Murray Walker, who would come out with these golden moments of commentary. 2 drivers are battling and the one behind you see on the TV pictures sticking his finger up at him and literally without breaking stride Murray says ‘he’s saying he’s going to finish first’ It’s beautiful.
He’s going for the ball. He’s not trying to hurt Ramsey, you’ve got to be fucking kidding me. You can even see a split second before he mis-controls it and tries to fix his error. If you want to see intent. Look at Roy Keane end Haalands career.
It’s interesting to me here in the UK how everything you see and hear is critical of Trump and there seems to be (to me atleast) a silent majority who support Trump. You see pro-Trump rallies and things but definitely not to the same extent as all the shit that gets thrown at him.
A right pain in the arse to play against. Had some great battles with Cattermole. Gone too soon.
Don’t you know pump it up, the whites have fucked it up Tbf this weekend is a free hit for them. Wasted chance though.
Blah blah blah yes we’re shitter than you. Doesn’t mean I can’t take the piss. Take the piss out of Sunderland all you like, it’s nothing new. Go nuts friend.
The people who don’t vote can’t complain if he does win.
I think thats a little unfair. Let them vote for whoever they want to vote for. It is a free choice.
Can’t believe that you firstly, you gave Woodgate the job and secondly, he’s still there. Should be a good Wear-Tees derby next season if we’re both fighting for the automatics (we won’t be).
Controller only online? Hmmm.
They see a pretty girl and can’t help themselves lol
Probably just needed to say girl didn’t I
Everyone ignores that rule. I tend to stick to it though as it’s not difficult to do. The logic is that you should mine the same veins as someone else as it doesn’t impact their chances or your chance of getting pay dirt, and the de spawn timer doesn’t change. People say it because if everyone mines a different ore, you’re more likely to have to wait around for a new vein to spawn if they are all depleted. It only comes into play if there are loads of people around your area, If there are 3-4 people mining different ores its generally ok to pick whatever the fuck you want to mine but if you do end up having to wait for vein spawns, try hopping to a less populated world or move to a quieter area.
Yes but the logic behind the rule is avoiding the wait for any ores to spawn. It is about minimising the time spent not mining. If generally you are afking it alot, then of course - it’s unlikely to be worth doing it.
AgueroOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO
I was lucky as I got back into UK just before the 23rd (total lockdown)!
It’s uneducated firstly, but there is a racist undertone to saying it in response to black lives matter.
https://youtu.be/4px5pmf7avo Aww I can taste the bubbles
Jagex probably have like 1 bloke who sits and manually bans each bot. He’s probably on holiday or something atm lmao
I still can’t believe some people are making £100k + by some of the shit they pull. Selling fire/inferno capes, RWT bills of GP, gold farming. It’s insane how this game literally makes people irl bank.
As we have seen though, it takes ages to ban if you go undetected for a while. 50m in corp terms probably doesn’t take that long. Lets say you were getting 4 kills an hour. That’s about 100 kills a day. In 10 days that’s just about 1k kills. Based on MrNoSleeps 1k corp video, that’s around 120-140m without factoring in sigils.
Not a waste if he’s killing 90k of them. Noted drops soon add up. He has 19k noted logs.
‘Yer’ve t’go out on that fuckin’ pitch and be rock n’ reerl staaaars’
https://imgur.com/gallery/NNsOSXc
I wouldn’t mind being stuck in Australia personally. Where are you stuck?
Do they sell a separate 4K apple tv? Surely it will only cone to that and not previous versions
Where’s Happy Gilmoure?
It won’t be FM. PUBG? I thought that already was Pro? They’ll release a couple of unknown indie games just before and put them on it.
It’s important to out the racists, but it’s also important not to tar everyone with the same brush. The guy behind this is in the EDL unsurprisingly.
And where is the ‘all of the above’ option too.
:(
Wanna swap positions?
I hope F1 goes back. I’d much rather see a monsoon at Malaysia over the processions at Russia.
With added Bear Grylls impressions hahaha
He also cut his hand and actually had to give up and return to where he got picked up :(
You can be a ‘gamer’ you don’t have to be a ‘stadia gamer’ or an ‘xbox gamer’ or a ‘PC gamer’. I really do hate these console/PC mater race wars and bitchiness.
Awesome! Do you have to do PVP to get anything? Also, what is the PvP like? I’ve played alot of solo but never bothered with PvP. I used to like it a little bit on WoW (CTF was great) but I’m very casual when it comes to MMO’s
South Koreans actually listen and take note of what they are told to do. We have illegal raves where 4000 turn up.
So if you lose a tbow to the death room? It will cost you 60m to get back? Yikes!
And if you miss the 15min timer than it will cost another 5% of its value to get back!
I wonder if eventually we will not have PC’s, we will just have cloud desktops where you log into it and just use it as your own Windows PC for example.
Hadn’t thought of that.... so yeah, probably a very very rare occurrence hahaha
But half of the problem is the population not doing as they are advised to do. They’d be a roaring success if 90% of the population got the app.
Hope so. And with things like the satellite internet that Elon Musk is trying to push, who knows, we may be gaming against people from new countries we have never gamed with before.
*‘Worst game ever - 10/10 IGN’* The hate is pretty daft. It’s because people think its supporting LGBT so they don’t like it when they think an agenda is being pushed. Those same people probably wouldn’t mind if it was any other agenda being pushed, funny that. It’s almost like they have something against LGBT. And just because a storyline doesn’t pan out the way the fans wanted it to, doesn’t make it a bad game. They could’ve pandered to all the fans but they rightfully went their own way.
Hopefully she actually goes to the police so they can investigate
It’s still rife in the UK particularly. There is still lots of support out there for the EDL and there is overlap with football fans. Both are dominated by older, white males. Looking at the FA board, there are no black members. UEFA hand out small fines when they should be banning countries outright. Not enough is done. The people failing to see why this isn’t offensive aren’t educated on the issue enough to understand what BLM is about but there is a small minority within that who know exactly what they’re saying and are racist. If someone fell down and had a cut on their knee. You would say ‘put a plaster on that knee’... you wouldn’t say ‘whoa whoa whoa, you better put a plaster on both knees because both knees should be treated equally’.
LIVE TO WIN
I’d imagine you heard that all match no?
Calum McManaman? How’s he getting on?
Loyalty. An appointment based on pure emotion. Think back to Shearer at Newcastle. The same applies.
Don’t worry mate, he’s a mag what do you expect. We’ve been dealing with this shite for years. The geordie nation really is superior to all other areas of the country and we can’t compete with their 67,000 screaming geordies at every home game. He’ll probably come along as say we’re in league 1 next, like I haven’t noticed.
Better than Adidas tbf. We’ve gone to Nike too.
We need some AAA titles really badly tbh. Alot of the games are quite casual.
&gt;Duel arena and LMS were the only potential for abuse, and they got hotfixed real quick. They were only hotfixed because it was Woox who found it. Imagine if a RWTer found it, off stream, who isn’t known. I’m sure the bug would not have been found. We need a public test server. 100 players would find much more issues than 10 in QA.
Couldn’t care about it personally. What does concern me is how badly tested and how little thought went into the mechanics. Exploits have been found but I bet you not everyone who finds them is forthcoming with the information.
Which is fine, but more solid testing would save them the hassle of having to do this.
*’Oh hello Tanya’*
Whole update needs removing and completely reworking. What a joke lmao
This man appreciates the best tea
Mean machine mean machine Abso-fucking-lutely Bob
You’re a thief. A thief. A filthy little thief. You stole it from us.
Bob : This lad is totally ambidextrous. Bob : I don’t know about that Bob, but he certainly can use both feet. Lmao
TV advertising and a huge brand campaign would go along long way too. I think I’ve only ever seen 1 advert and that was in the cinema and was years ago. There is a huge market out there that simply don’t know this game exists or atleast is back to being old school.
Hi
Completely agree and we are going to see a second bigger spike of cases because this country is full of fucking idiots
So this bloke said to me ‘How flexible are you to manage a team in Sheffield?’ I said ‘I can’t manage Wednesday’
Confused the crap out of me at first
Tried opening the page but I can’t read you
Some sort of strong elastic for the bow string, it’d need to be quite tight to actually fire
Ummmm...
He was but like the Americans, they took him out.
Aye should do better in league 1 ;) aha I reckon you’ll stay up now tbf, Warnock knows his shit.
Beat meme into the ground. Check
Do not tweet Mod Ash. Ffs
Yep, i’ve said this before. You can be a gamer, you don’t have to be an xbox gamer or a stadia gamer.
Personally, I don’t use twitter and no I wouldn’t anyway. He’s a developer and not in Customer support so what can he possibly do? Ask someone else maybe? But he’s not a fucking messenger in that case.
I hope the next president looks at every decision Trump ever made, and reverses it. Well, the ones that completely moronic.
The game just went totally the wrong direction in the first place, it’s not a manager game. It’s the same format as 8 ball pool by Miniclip and there is hardly any management aspect to it at all. They have given it to the same makers of Planet Coaster /Zoo to give us a proper manager game. If they gave it to the Motorsport Manager team that would be amazing. MMO is absolutely streets ahead of this game aswell.
He’s solid on Motorsport Manager online!
Meanwhile Stroll just having his dad on behind him
Do you think Vettel should have aswell then? Baku?
Fee thousand £ in RWT is worth losing 30 viewers. And yes, they’re all fucking at it. They lose to a friend.
I see you’ve played spooney knifey before
24 teams listed in order of total points I’d expect ;)
Personally, I’d go with dhcb whilst prices are crashing. You can get 4-6 kill trips with dhcb and it will speed up gp/hr alot, and you’ll be able to get your house upgrade even quicker
It will come friend. The one thing I’d like is ios support!! Also how many mobiles could manage 1440p?
It’s actually a bit like the Top Gear book ‘Where’s Stig?’ It was effectively Where’s Wally? (Or Where’s Waldo if you’re over the pond) but with some nice Top Gear artwork. https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/1846078083/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&amp;btkr=1
They are compared to MMO’s tbf lmao. In Runescape thats like 1 99.
Neither club have won fuck all in years, it’s a bit strange he would try and use that to beat us down with. We’re both shit. The trouble is, they won’t admit it. Besides, they have Steve Bruce in charge so I’m waiting for them to implode again.
Rip account
That is 10,347 per minute, just to put it into a smaller scale
Spending £85k in server costs LOL yeah sure.
Anyone who does is part of the problem tbh
I appreciate you
He’s an aussie. They’re a very chripy bunch of people generally speaking.
Infinite hammers at 1gp ea. Holy shit. Found a money maker here boys. My yt guide will be out next week
Knackered his knee or something didn’t he?
