Well, let me put it this way. There are some relics that start getting tracked around the time of Moses and they're explicitly tracked in the text. I presume if those were preserved they would have been mentioned, too.
The answer is of course that I'm always right.
Why doesn't God forcibly prevent you from doing whatever sin you do?
&gt; Pilots are using it still uh what exactly do you think you mean by that
There's definitely no talking, so call the arbiter for annoying comments. With things like staring, their bad conduct is not so obviously illegal, but it is against the rules to annoy or distract your opponent (I say it's less obvious because staring is not clearly intended to annoy or distract).
I suspect there's some miscommunication.
ENAMELED PEPPER MILL
The really amusing part is that a lot of this debt isn't just tied to his business, it's his personal responsibility.
Yeah, but you get into questions of how much detail, format, etc.
May God have mercy on your soul.
yeah they like read the creed and stuff. pro tips: make sure you wear clothes such that they can chrismate the base of the neck (that is, don't wear a turtleneck, don't wear a tie), don't put your shoes back on until the very end (after they've wiped the chrism off your feet).
If you are Orthodox and then don't have a Church marriage, you're excommunicated until you fix it (generally by having a Church marriage).
Look, what else is competing for "best thing on SNL" right now?
Somebody who was in high school at the same time as me started taking it seriously at that age - not early enough to win the high school championship, but a few years later, I think it was during college or just after, he won the state championship (ie, all ages). Getting the IM or even master level is a really, really lofty goal.
Playing OTB in slow time controls is extremely helpful.
Perhaps Peterson should denounce people like Molyneux whose podcasts he's been on multiple times who are now supporting literal Nazi propaganda.
&gt; Another brilliant antiecumenist of the mid-90s was Brad Barnes... Isn't his name Patrick, or is that just his post-baptismal name? The last I've heard, he's back in with the canonical Orthodox.
So is there some good explainer on this? When I first heard about this, I thought it was just reactionaries (Poujadisme), but it's clearly a lot more. I can predict what it is, but I want to see somebody who actually knows something, not just guessing.
I think for this sort of exercise you have to keep the rate stats the same - so like less time off for injuries/rest, maybe another season slipped in, something like that. Still a .289 hitter.
Yelich won't repeat.
People suck on gb and short line drives in general
So F is fair game for a parish choir tenor but yeah above that you're asking for an actual singer. However the rest of the piece makes clear that it's at that level as well.
the one at 1:56 where Arenado still gets the out because the guy rounded first is wild
If the only edit you do to a paragraph is deleting a sentence, I would not be surprised if finding a way to do that is not likely to be successful. Dumbass.
anathema maranatha to the new reddit
Sentencing hasn't happened yet. What a sad, chronic masturbator.
No
just a little lean back
yes https://www.washingtonpost.com/health/2018/12/08/blood-clot-formed-exact-shape-mans-lung-passage-then-he-coughed-it-up/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.5c91bcf5f77e
Yeah, like, I think Keith Hernandez is not quite Hall material... but he has like 20 times the case Baines does.
Yeah, I mean, Morris at least had the World Series legendary performance.
No, Jose Canseco has a much better (still not good) case. He at least had the blank ink to go with it.
&gt; he was a Hall of Very Good guy He's not even that, he's Hall of a Few Solid Years
true facts: the comparison is a little bit true, but it's also right. climate change denialists should be ashamed.
sigh... black chuck taylors are never on sale.
&gt; It is. The best offensive players are like 70 runs above average, while the best defensive players, including the positional adjustment, are like 20-25 runs above average. *above replacement, not above average.
&gt;I keep hearing certain people claiming that the Liturgy has anti-Semitic parts. What parts? I have never heard any anti-Semitic sections in the service. I have never heard the priest go "Let Us Attend. The Jews killed Christ. Gas the Jews." Well, not in the Divine Liturgy itself, but there's a serious argument here: https://publicorthodoxy.org/2018/03/29/bucur-holy-week-2018/ &gt;Is this just something that people like Public Orthodoxy spout to try and make the Church look bad? oh good grief.
The puzzling thing to me is why on earth is PewDiePie on any of these allegedly serious people's radars? The whole thing is stupid grift.
Frankly I think it's kind of weird to be doing the liturgy at 8:30 pm, it's properly done in the morning though some have made a practice of doing it at midnight like at Pascha after a vigil (which is compline + matins). Anyway, basically, the vesperal liturgy starts like vespers but after the great entrance switches in to where the readings are in the liturgy, and after that it's like a normal liturgy. St Basil means only that there's a slightly different anaphora. In the Russian tradition, the vigil of compline + matins (hopefully shortened, but having compline last 1.5 hours before matins does not give me hope for that) is quite well attended. If you *are* doing them all and then having a liturgy that night, you should be running them all together as at Pascha, but their timeline indicates that, if they were doing that, they'd be running from 5pm to 10pm, which I assure you they aren't. Royal Hours: I don't know ify ou've been at a service of the hours, some parishes will read the 9th hour before vespers, if you're Antiochian the liturgy is preceded by matins and the hours are elided (as one does), so you wouldn't hear them there. The Royal Hours are a special then where all four canonical hours (1st, 3rd, 6th, and 9th) are read all concatenated with some Gospel readings inserted. Each of the services are basically reading three psalms plus a few prayers. The Royal Hours actually changes the psalms that are read. Great Compline: compline in general is some psalms and some specific prayers. Great compline adds some stuff and some singing. There's a nice canon. Matins: it's matins, which you seem familiar with. There are minor differences. As for what's most attended, I can't answer for your parish. Most important of course would be, IMO, the festal liturgy (which is apparently at 8:30 pm). Least important Royal Hours.
&gt; Statistical inference, i.e. hypothesis testing, confidence intervals, p-values etc. are used to learn something about the population from a sample. Your first sentence seems to imply that all employees are surveyed. As this would be the whole population, there is no sampling and hence, inferential methods make no sense in this scenario. However, consider employee responses themselves as a random process. If you got to the employee a day later or a month later (or an entire year later), they might answer 4 instead of 5 or vice versa. How stable are people's responses? Treating it like this is a bit more tricky and you have to actually make a model, but there's a real point here that, if you have a small team, 4.1 vs 4.3 could just be a couple people saying 4 instead of 5: who cares? In an organization of 1000 people, you need a lot of people changing their mind, so it might say something. So there is some place for this kind of consideration. I'm hesitant to use a null hypothesis statistical testing paradigm in this case, but I'd maybe like to see a confidence/credible interval for the difference. Or at the very least a CI for the estimate. If you have a lower result, that is some evidence for a decrease, the question is how much evidence is there, and is it *practically* significant, in the context of the business decisions you're making and the magnitude of the difference? If you have a small amount of evidence for a small decline and the difference in employee engagement is, all things considered, small, yeah, whatever. If you have six responses and they tank the manager, but because of the sample size it's not "significant", you probably have a reason to look into what's going on.
If you only have one observation per question per responder, the measurement error is conflated (unless you make question-to-question assumptions), so you just analyze it the "usual" way. If you have multiple observations of the same employees, then you estimate the rater's consistency, but that's a lot of work. Just make a confidence interval.
the real problem with AI is Agenda 21.
the only reason he gets these accolades is that nobody asks historians.
Yeah I mean this guy's a scholar of Russian lit, was alive when this was happening, but, I don't know, it seems fair to point out that he learned Russian from the government with old White Russian instructors, it seems reasonable to read his dated anticommunism into that...
I've just got to complain a bit more explicitly about how a certain sort uses him as a boogeyman. While he reaches out to and is nice to the LGBT community, he does so quite explicitly within the bounds of the Catholic Church's teaching. That doesn't matter - he's the worst of all sinners because he's nice to gay people (most of whom don't really care because he is, in the end, explicitly within the bounds of Church teaching). There are certainly things to criticize with his work but it's ultimately coming from somebody within the bounds of faithful Catholicism and the sort of attacks coming at him are not at all in good faith.
&gt; And he writes one article simply asking questions about how we should treat gay people and relationships and suddenly nothing else he has done as an Orthodox leader matters. Most of those questions were posed as an introduction to essays in that edition of the journal, by the way. But right, yeah, if you say you're anything other than straight, it's a scandal, no matter what your walk is like.
oh man I'm pretty sure an almost-exactly-the-same position was in CT-Art
He was smashing before he tweaked his shoulder. So that suggests it was the shoulder injury
May God have mercy on your soul.
Yeah, the Cubs rotation in its prime would be so nice.
Why would you expect the president of a country to have anything to do with Jesus? It is hard for the rich to get into heaven.
Put not your trust in princes. The question is how this is different from any others in power. It isn't.
There are only so many symbols in the world.
Sexual misconduct. EDIT: https://www.pokrov.org/persons/father-herman-podmoshensky/
First, you never really prove they're normally distributed, those tests are about whether you've deviated enough to say they aren't sufficiently close to a normal distribution. Anyway, depending on what precisely you're doing, those look fine. Most procedures are somewhat robust to minor deviations from normality. It's always good to look at graphics in addition to numbers.
Another sort of Pascal's Wager is that the Catholics think, in a sense, we're right, and we think we're right; on the other hand, we don't think they're right, so it's safer to be here. It's also pretty indisputable that, whatever the Pope's role in the first 1000 years, what we got now, well, to use the currently popular phrase, "That ain't it, chief". If one wants to argue, cheap rhetorical moves aren't going to do it. It requires tedious consideration without shortcuts. And, in the end, it's about encountering Jesus Christ.
Yeah, ...Ke7 is a huge blunder, you can't just let White in like that. (not that the position is any good for Black)
I presumed they kicked up this article because of this recent piece https://harpers.org/archive/2019/01/donald-trump-is-a-good-president/
hmm... she IS an Orioles fan.
My guess is he gets a lot of infield hits.
It should be a bit more an antenna, sure.
&gt; The triangles on both sides imply a linear relationship It would actually be quadratic.
She was for a while the youngest grandmaster (broke Bobby's *long*-standing record) and was a top-10 player for a while. At her peak rating, she was #8 with a rating of 2735.
eh
Jimbob Pastaman
The book should be read as the genre it was written, which involves taking into consideration how these things were written and read at that time. I don't think "psychological" is the right way to put it, I dont' think Peterson has anything really interesting to say about anything. If you're interested in scholarly perspectives on the Old Testament, you might find relevant lectures in the [Yale Hebrew Bible](https://oyc.yale.edu/religious-studies/rlst-145) course (also on the youtube) or some of the episodes of [this pod-cast](https://www.nakedbiblepodcast.com/episodes/page/23/) on the literary context of the Bible
&gt; What does your catechism say about the Menaion? what an odd thing to say.
&gt; What does your catechism say about the Menaion? what an odd thing to say.
Schur has a knack for doing that, it's why I love all his shoes. A rare bright spot on TV.
A 3D pyramid implies it's quadratic - I don't know the real relationship.
There's a strong norm but it's not strictly necessary.
I've heard some real gripes from Canadians about, like, rural health care, but if you think that's a problem, just wait and see what's happening in America to rural health: yikes.
Lord have mercy! I remember him at his old parish by Staunton.
Sure, all sorts of things happen. God works with what's there.
Did you learn about him from the recent Rev Left Radio episode about him? If so, cool. If not, you've got to check it out.
There is (was?) a parish in Middlebrook, which is just down the road.
Reading old church documents can actually be really, really hard. Getting to the point of saying simple prayers is attainable with modest work, though.
Yeah, so, the problem with church documents is that they're written in medieval Greek, written in a high and wordy register, with specialized vocabulary, lots of quotes and references to other things which you should recognize in order to translate correction, and with high precision (usually means lots of clauses and qualifications). It's dense even in translation and guidance on reading it is confined to specialist tomes. Now, the Bible, that's some good Greek to read and there are billions of pages of resources.
The Bible is really exciting - it's not long before you can start reading (with a dictionary) simple passages from the Gospels.
Well, I'm not from there, I was just passing through for a wedding.
Yeah, he was a huge Iran hawk, but he wasn't an *idiot* about it (ie, actually getting into a confrontation).
His resignation letter is pretty much a tirade.
1. There's what Trump says and what he actually does. Give no credit until you see what he actually does. 2. There's going out the front door and there's jumping out a window. The way he said (though see point 1) he's doing it leaves some concerns that he'll do it in a way that leads to collapse and even more violence. Or not. Who knows? It's enough to cause some worries.
Try Soviet Visuals.
no
It coincided with me fiddling with a bunch of settings on my phone so I was worried, until I came to this thread, that I have messed something up horribly and spent quite a bit of time trying to get my phone back in order. I am quite disappointed now. The size isn't quite right, that's my biggest complaint. EDIT: Aesthetics, whatever, but the functionality aspect - size changes can really be annoying.
Especially if it's a run-once project (ie, an analysis of some limited data, say you're consulting on some problem that they ran an experiment for) rather than, say, continuously analyzing outputs of some system and it's expected to keep going for a long time (or even something like monthly report generation).
Heyward would be a really good fit for the Giants. Or the Rockies, they'd boost his hitting back up there. Not sure why neither were in on him.
.800 OPS with the Cubs. That's... okay.
And then his cold streak... But everybody was cold then.
And Smoltz! Don't forget Smoltz. EDIT: yesssss no Smoltz.
bandwagoning is the only way they're ever right.
or more than one wrinkle on your brain
NCSU &gt;&gt; KSU in terms of reputation, it's a big department. Not to denigrate KSU.
Perhaps surprising was a better word.
ISU is a big program with alumni all over. However, sure, it's a little easier to place in the Midwest from there.
If you're playing a short game, the game is fast enough that you can just start a new game or it doesn't matter enough so whatever. However, I lean toward starting a new game. For a long game, you should be thinking enough that you don't make such a mistake and deserve the loss. On the internet, there's the possibility of misclicks and such, so they might be allowed for those occasions.
I sometimes have the same problem - what extensions and browser are you using? I eventually got it working again (on Firefox) by re-enabling for Duolingo only all third-party, ads, javascript, etc etc (overkill, but they weren't doing anything but dialing back to Google and I don't know where the thing was failing). Of course, on my other computer, it still doesn't work.
&gt; I do think Yud is less of a right-libertarian shock jock Only because he thinks talking about it will distract from his AI grift.
&gt; A. The Septuagint is the official Old Testament of the Orthodox Church. The Masoretic text is later by centuries than the LXX. No it isn't, not in any meaningful sense.
Well, let me put it this way: if you have a few MS statisticians and PhD statisticians from some department around, you have people around who know the quality of the program and will also think to recruit from there.
&gt; A. Because the Septuagint was the version of the OT used by the early *Greek-speaking* Christians, and the version which is *often* quoted in the original text of the New Testament *when* someone quotes an OT verse in it. It is for this reason (because the NT *usually* quotes the Septuagint) that the Church has generally regarded the Septuagint as the *Greek* "Christian OT". However, we are not strict in our use of the Septuagint. Most English translations, including those used in English-speaking Orthodox churches, are still based on the Masoretic text. I made a few corrections.
&gt;I’m thinking of becoming Orthodox. I haven’t visited a Orthodox place of worship yet. What do you call places of worship? Temples? We call them churches or temples. &gt;Are Jewish people welcome in Orthodox Christianity? Yes, the first Christians were Jewish. &gt;Are mixed race couples allowed? What is your view on mixed race couples? Yes. We're all created in the image of God. I must warn you that there are some who have imported evil, anti-Orthodox notions into their worldview who might disagree, but they are wrong and really ought to be excommunicated, publicly shamed, jailed, etc. &gt; How does one become Orthodox? Well, typically you tell the priest that you're interested in joining the Church and it goes from there. What usually then happens is that you get some instruction for a while and after about a year you're baptized and then you're an Orthodox Christian. In terms of money, it's free, but as an Orthodox Christian you are expected to financially support the Church. &gt;What books do you recommend? The sidebar has excellent recommendations, but I would suggest first and foremost *The Orthodox Church* and *The Orthodox Way*. &gt;What is the political views of Orthodox Christians in the USA, and other countries? This probably varies significantly depending on where you are in the country, and hopefully the parishioners of whatever parish you're in aren't blinded by their local demographics. Politics is one of the things it's easiest for people to start "losing their religion". &gt;It seems like some Christian groups almost require you to be of one political view. Some almost require you to be Democrat, or Republican. Do Orthodox ministers talk about politics much in sermons? It shouldn't be the case, in general: there are some ends we cannot support and some ends we must support; there are some means which are forbidden to us. Beyond that, it's debatable. I can't guarantee that, in the location you're at, people have a good understanding of this. It might be the case that, where you are, the people think that you have to be a member of Team A (whichever one that is) to be an Orthodox Christian. It's usually not a part of the sermons, but it comes up socially. I make it a point, personally, not to talk about politics inside and around my parish because I think it should not be confused with the work of the Church apart from those things we must support (or must not support). However, some people do not have such scruples.
&gt;the Greek NT is the original NT certainly &gt; The Syriacs may claim that their Peshitta is the original, but secular scholars (as well as all other Christians) consider the Peshitta to be the earliest translation instead. My reference to them is with respect to their Old Testament. &gt;The Latin Vulgate is uncontroversially known to be a translation of the Greek. Nope.
And to be more explicit, just look at the top of the file, it is documented. ##' Run Statistical Analysis of Monthly Background Checks of Gun Purchase ##' ##' @param debug Optional boolean switch to indicate whether interim data is displayed; ##' default is \sQuote{FALSE}
well when a man and a woman love each other very much...
there are dozens of them!
&gt; Personally I think Old Joseph makes a lot of sense, but it's not the sort of thing I'm going to yell at strangers on the internet about. sir this is the internet; that's not how the game is played.
If your church website and Facebook page don't tell me immediately when your Christmas services are, what are you even doing
There was apparently a thing on Trad Cath Twitter a while back where people were arguing Esperanto was demonic. Besides that, anybody who hates internationalism hates Esperanto.
Terrance Gore's only career hit is off of Max Scherzer.
I mean, people who only looked at batting average had a reason to be pretty impressed with Almora for a while there - until it caught up with him.
&gt; 4 is correct, if the test is constructed "correctly". There usually is a correspondence between confidence intervals and two-sided tests. No, it's hopelessly muddled. It can be repaired to the statement you imply.
&gt; 3 is wrong unless you know the true parameter, which you usually don't. No, 3 is just completely wrong.
Oops, I answered current lifts rather than all time maxes
Quicker (and easier to track) than running however many regressions is to compute the correlation matrix and then square the R values. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10680658/how-can-i-create-a-correlation-matrix-in-r
And of course for the final regression, you set that up with `lm()` and then extract the r-squared. Here's an example of how to extract the r.squared from an `lm` object. set.seed(20181227) x &lt;- rnorm(100) + sample(1:10, 100, replace = TRUE) y &lt;- rnorm(100) + x xyreg &lt;- lm(y ~ x) hereisyourrsquaredvalue &lt;- summary(xyreg)$r.squared You should get, if you run this, `0.907658`. Except you would do whatever linear model you're looking at instead of this univariate one. You might also want the adjusted R squared. I don't know what your previous was doing. You may want to reproduce some previous results for comparison. Run `str(summary(xyreg))` so see the structure of an `lm` object and figure out what, exactly, you want to extract.
This is a good point, sometimes they're flirting.
whynotboth.gif
*looking like somebody who might have shoplifted.
Unfortunately he's also barred from the gambling hall of fame.
I think he was supposed to have started after '98?
94 was the strike-shortened year.
Basically, nobody has any idea what they will be first year and everybody changes their majors a couple times their second year, it seems. A lot of majors have a lot of overlapping classes, so it's often easy to switch or pick up another or pick up a minor (which was not an option when I was in school).
We really ought to, especially in communities where it's more relevant. We also need to advocate for refugees and support them - the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese has in particular done a fair amount with refugees. I also have to disagree with the characterization of people as "illegal immigrants" - that is an inaccurate catch-all term for a number of categories of people. EDIT: 'shelter' is not the most pressing need, in general, for this category of people. If you're in the business of providing shelter, just focus on the whole category of housing insecurity.
Much more money goes to Google than the website.
Just looking at the top line it looks most like DA BOCKP... Suggests the common inscription of the prayer Let God arise... But it's really impossible to tell without great effort what else it could be.
Nobody cares about the GRE, though completely botching it might be worrying. The difference between those two scores is unimportant, and your brother's advice is not only complete accurate but more informed than you're likely to get here. If it is a screening tool, it would be completely on the quant score. Having publications &gt;&gt;&gt; dumb standardized tests.
Who knows what's really needed? We're capable of making the rules ourselves and governing ourselves, these are just details of precedent.
there are dozens of us
The problem is that the take isn't popular - these people keep trying to diminish their responsibility, round the corners, etc.
Whoever fills in on his days off is likely to operate contrary to his philosophy, though.
Ah, you missed an opportunity to mention a case where non-integer DF comes about - say, LO(W)ESS, where it is done analogous to the linear regression case by looking at the trace of the hat/smoother matrix.
They're pretty good and doing important work. Not everything, of course, is something we can agree with, but a lot of what they talk about has to be part of our discussion of the book of Genesis.
In all the ones I've done before, I've just gotten simple summaries and/or graphs for each question, no kind of crosstabulation or analysis. Any actual analysis has to be done on your end (either within the Google spreadsheet of results or in the software of your choice after downloading it (most likely the latter)). EDIT: if you want to see a light-hearted and somewhat vulgar sports-related (extremely unscientific) poll I did for a sub-Reddit, here's what the results look like: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pXTGwh0bOfILrY8RqZdzOQCj00p6qwTV63AOQ549MSk/viewanalytics As you can see, it's not very intelligent about the some of the graphs and summaries it produces, but it often comes out okay. They do *not* provide any in-depth analysis at all. That has to be done by downloading the raw data (which they make rather easy) and analyzing it yourself (less easy).
Thumping bass at 2am last night - I understand the temptation, but can't the celebration wait for the actual NEW YEAR? You can't have two late nights in a row.
&gt; Baines isn't the first bad selection, and he won't be the last. Neither has any bearing on McGriff's candidacy. After all, no one is saying "Well, Mazeroski got in so I guess Jefff Kent should get in." Yeah... but Mazeroski was at least a legendary defender at second. I think he has the highest career dWAR at second (and got the accolades during his career as well). Kent isn't, like, the best at anything.
If I need something to get a little bit faster, frankly, Rcpp-ize my R. Either that or just work completely in C if feasible. Working with R-style C is just a pain until you figure out SEXPs and their special garbage collection (and even after). I've written a fair amount of C on its own (using R library) and a little bit of C-interfacing with R (with a bit of handholding). The former is a lot less painful than the latter. Rcpp is so much less painful than the latter with only minor performance losses, despite really only knowing R and C and not knowing idiomatic C++. So if I really need to use R a lot and really need to speed it up, I do Rcpp. I hope this hasn't been too meandering of a response.
Maybe he'll masturbate himself to death now.
If the parish you're from typically has people confess every time they commune, then, yeah, it's a no go. If you have done something that you have been told you would need to confess before communing again, same deal. Beyond that, you've got to talk to your own priest, at don't know. This really is the sort of thing they should mention in catechism but often don't!
Right, and then the bishop is just hanging awkwardly.
Oh man, somebody being tentative while driving just puts me on edge.
critical support for our possibly large comrades.
Well it's got to fit over his suit of armor
The OSB is fine. Definitely more readable than Brenton and quite a lot better than the KJV, which is greatly flawed. Most people just don't care for the notes. It's also done by adjusting an existing translation rather than being a new translation from scratch, so I wouldn't call it by any means a Septuagint translation. I'm not sure how Brenton treats Jeremiah (LXX is significantly shorter than MT, presume it follows the Greek) or Daniel (Church text does not follow *actual* LXX but rather a later Greek translation). Actually, I'm not sure how OSB treats Jeremiah, either. Anyway,t he question is, what, exactly, are you hoping to accomplish here?
&gt; Suck it, all you "Masoretic text is the evil work of the Jews" types out there. Oh, there are tons of reasons to think people like that are silly at best.
&gt;afterwards i want to ask for forgiveness but i feel ashamed asking because i knew what i was doing. Just like Adam! It's literally Satan's second oldest trick (the first one being getting you to sin in the first place). Hypocrisy is when you act for other people to hide your sin, it isn't hypocrisy to be open with God about what you just did. When you fall down, don't feel bad about getting back up.
Frankly, I'm skeptical of most "freedom of religion" discourse as it's typically extremely selective about what religion it chooses to defend.
1. What package is that function in? The answer will vary because we don't know what that function does or outputs. 2. Why do you need to *replace* those items?
Also addressing climate change vigorously and immediately is, as the EP has noted, a moral necessity for Christian politics. https://theoutline.com/post/7522/the-end-of-the-world-will-be-a-non-event?utm_source=&amp;zd=1&amp;zi=fqbgwy3b
&gt;Should I even being receiving the Eucharist at the Catholic Church? Does the Catholic Church have a different answer to that question than the Orthodox Church? Ask the priest, but generally what I've heard is that whenl you've made a definite decision it's certainly time to stop.
&gt; I don't think civilizations should be expected to drastically shift demographics and cultural norms On the specific question of refugees in America, we're talking on the order of a couple hundred thousand per year.
You have a couple options, I'll rate them in order of ease + usefulness since I think you should probably be working in data frames rather than a collection of vectors unless they're all the same length and some of these suggestions are easier to put in that context: 1. that standardize function for vectors is just a wrapper around `scale`, which returns the mean and sd as well, which is all you need to then standardize it yourself. 2. compute mean manually, compute sd manually, then standarize it yourself. 3. split the vector into the thirds, one way of doing this is `matrix(output, ncol = 3, byrow = F)`. Now you have your stuff as three column vectors. Only if they're all the same length.
Why should something that is absolutely not going to happen be a part of the conversation?
But that's not because of refugees, which is the thing in question. And arguably is not at all related to immigration, as probably much of what you're talking about occurred in an era with a relatively low percentage of non-native-born population, historically.
Nope.
So, in short, blaming date rape on women.
Yes, one can argue about how often things occurred but main thing about this is that people are now coming forward when previously they couldn't (and still most can't or won't, frankly).
The "whole date rape phenomenon", as he calls it, is what we're talking about. I assert that this phenomenon is largely that women are able to speak up about their experience of something as old as time which displays itself differently in different cultural environments; his off-the-cuff assertion (presumably his audience is savvy as to what he means by "date rape phenomenon", you can see in this thread what people jump to when they hear the phrase) implies there's some novel class of behavior arising as a consequence of feminist advances, which ultimately boil down to women doing new things.
And what he's discussing at that point is women's behavior.
The text of the article states: &gt;"The whole date rape thing is very much the fruit of the feminist advance," because promiscuous women have caused men to lose control of their sexual aggression (58:13). If you listen there, the later part is a rough summary of what he said. I parsed it out further for you.
Low level competitions essentially have to act on a sort of honor system - you're not supposed to have phones, engage in discussions about the game, look at books, etc, and if asked by the arbiter, you have to turn over your stuff. FIDE doesn't allow electronic devices with you at all, local regulations may not be as strict. If you're caught cheating, you get in big trouble. Otherwise, ??? At higher level competitions, the other comments have noted what occurs.
The precise details may shake out differently, but blanket opposition to refugees certainly isn't compatible with Christian witness.
People are still typically given one at chrismation IME.
this isn't about statistics, it's about his assertion that women exercising sexual agency is somehow related to men raping them.
it's a thankless job being right.
Is what?
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
No, that's not it at all.
I don't know the specifics of your experimental design beyond that apparently you're doing some kind of Repeated Measures, so this will be slightly general. What you're doing is accounting for the covariance between the successive observations on the same unit. When you have a Compound Symmetry structure, what you're presuming is that the repeated observations within the unit all have the same variance and the *same* correlation with each other. An Unstructured covariance matrix means that you let each have their own correlation with the other observations. This means you have a lot of flexibility but that means you can overfit. It's also harder to justify in a repeated measures context - what justifies assuming your structure is that flexible if you're measuring the same unit repeatedly?
Kyle apparently sucked as a hitter. But got a bunting lesson from Rod Carew.
It will happen to you someday.
The big jurisdictional issues aren't America or whatever, they're within the traditional already-existing structure of patriarchs. Ameriac is a rounding error in international Orthodoxy, which is one reason it hasn't been resolved.
What's Democrat about advocating we pay attention to the EP on climate change (choose whichever policy you like that addresses it)? Or Charles Taylor? Or medieval politics? I suppose refugees have become partisan, but whatever one does a Christian response is necessary. I generally refrain from discussing specific politicians.
So there's been some other research that suggests maybe, you know, there actually is one, since clusters of hot performance may occur more than they should if you use more sophisticated methods. The problem is that you don't know yet whether you're really in that cluster. And even retrospectively, it's only a probabilistic assessment. And the effect, if there is one, is really weak. Otherwise it wouldn't be so hard to detect! One thing we *do* know exists for some sports is cold streaks. But, okay, granting the assumption of the book, that this is a purely a clustering illusion that comes by chance: If it's a clustering illusion, there's really *no cluster* and "knowing you're in one" doesn't tell you anything because the next shot just has the same probability it always has of being made. If hot streaks are purely an illusion, then knowing somebody has made 50% of their shots so far in the game tells you *nothing* about the next shot he takes in the game. That's what it means when they say it's an illusion.
&gt; As for forced conversions, those aren’t Orthodox and I’m unaware of any saints in our Church who evangelized in this way. An involuntary conversion isn’t a conversion and nobody benefits from it. Some parts of Rus' were Christianized that way, or in a mix of force and will.
Seems a fairly reasonable rate, then.
I regret having to listen to the five minute portion of that speech to transcribe it.
Tangentially related, as he's the sort of guy who gives undue deference to these IDW sorts.
wow! I mean, I could see a little markup there because you're handling getting him cases and the billing, but that's a lot.
aw man missed that greek guy's interview
&gt;These threads are always very brief and don’t have much discussion. Do we really need a politics thread? First you say this, then I post a couple articles, then you say this. There's no pleasing you!
The CLT says the sampling distribution of the mean is asymptotically normal. The standardization formula normalizes to a distribution with sample mean 0 and sample standard deviation to 1. Okay, great. 0 and 1 are arbitrary numbers, just as the previous actual sample mean and sample standard deviation are. What do you think that tells you now? The first thing is a statement about the sampling distribution of the sample mean. The second thing is something about the normalized sample. The normalized sample is *not* normally distributed. It has the same shape as the original distribution. EDIT: some quick illustrative code par(mfrow=c(1,2)) set.seed(20190606) hist(rgamma(1000,1), breaks = 30) set.seed(20190606) hist(scale(rgamma(1000,1)), breaks = 30) The seed guarantees these are the exact same data sets, except one of them got scaled. They look the same! Modulo a minor difference in where the breaks hit.
Yeah, there's a bit of a conflict there.
In some places it's very normal and done without a second thought. Others haven't seen much Orthodoxy beyond their bubble!
&gt;It probably means they don’t do vigils, don’t do the psalter readings at matins, and omit all the troparia and irmoi from the matins canons and do only the katavasia instead. They might also have a beardless priest and almost certainly have pews... Greeks don't do vigils, it's not in their typikon, the rest highlighted here apart from the beard, I've rarely seen a Greek parish do otherwise?
&gt;Letting people kneel during the epiklesis (against canon 20 of Nicea I and canon 90 of Trullo) This is standard, even dictated, in Greek practice in America.
Definitely, but the first is *mandatory* in most dioceses in the Greek Archdiocese.
Precisely.
You in the Denver diocese?
Not really a true generalization, those are just thought terminating cliche words. Just go to both and see? Generally, the oca one will be more likely to be all English, have vespers instead of vigil, and have a norm of frequent communion. The ROCOR will be more likely than the OCA to have some Slavonic, vigil every week, and infrequent communion with confession required before it. Beyond that, be wary of dumb slogan words.
Traditionalism is Modern.
To clarify my previous remark, not doing the right thing in liturgy isn't really a sin unless it's something blatantly disrespectful and disruptive.
vigil is essentially vespers + matins in parish practice. Greek practice does vespers in the evening and matins (orthros) in the morning. Russian, on feasts of a certain rank (Sunday being such a rank automatically), does vigils. It's common in the OCA to say that, whew, the vigil is kind of long and requires a lot of wrok, let's just do vespers.
Yes, in terms of aesthetics (which is ultimately what they're going on), the most "Modern" Orthodox parish is about as Trad on the Catholic scale as the most Trad English NO mass around.
&gt; All ROCOR parishes will make you be baptized. This is not quite true. &gt; If you are recieved by any other means you will not ne able to commune later if you go to Mount Athos and some other places as well. Also not necessarily true. &gt; I've heard others like me lament, "if I had it to do over again, I'd be baptized" I've never heard someone lamenting that they where baptized. You should meet more people! I've certainly heard it. &gt;I'm not saying it's wrong to recieve folks by chrismation, that isn't what I'm saying at all! But I wish I had been received by baptism. I don't know, I don't think it's productive to plant these thoughts in people's minds.
Interesting! Thanks for the correction, I guess I presumed from stuff happening in America
That would've been awesome
&gt; The only real reason people say "df &gt; 30, use z" is because prior to proliferation of computers, you had to do it by hand, and tables weren't printed with enough resolution to cover every possible df. So when you had to look up critical values via a printed table, using a z instead of a t was necessary beyond a certain df. This is not accurate - you are conflating precisely what my initial post warns about conflating. There's a rule of thumb that n &gt; 30 is roughly enough for many types of data sets that the sampling distribution of the sample mean will be close enough to normal that we may be justified in treating it as normal. It does not mean that now that n &gt; 30 we should use z instead of t. Tables certainly went over 30 as a matter of course and would have enough resolution that choosing z instead would not be the right answer.
Which ones are you missing?
Part of what I'm saying is that the rule of thumb isn't, except for, sure, the very high DF like 267 that you note here, "use z if df &gt; some X". Using, as earlier, a smaller number like 30 conflates and confuses this with another rule of thumb about normal approximations.
The latter.
You do realize that, the way sticky slots are rotate through, it only ends up being there maybe 4 days?
And now I've gotten to infinity, too. JS overflows at around 1e308.
So you sometimes choose evil. Do you really want God to excise that from you by force? What do you think that would do to you? If you weren't willing? These aren't logical problems, they're existential problems.
Not really going to differ from the standard academic perspective, so I am not aware of anybody really bothering. There used to be a web-log on Ancient Faith that discussed some of this stuff but they get rid of old content over time.
&gt;Sounds like he’s already replaced bitcoin wankery with a shitty AI. Oh, no, it all folds together.
Inverse Wishart is a special case of that distribution with beta = 2 and alpha = nu/2. Frankly, I've been thinking of implementing this in R, since I've got a fast implementation of the inverse Wishart, but I don't know of any tricks to do so (ditto matrix gamma). EDIT: *Matrix Variate Distributions* by Gupta and Nagar probably cover this but I don't have it on hand :/
I mean, conservatism has nothing to offer the world but death and destruction.
May God have mercy on your soul
Yes, this level of partisan hackery is amazing. The sort of stuff they imagine their ideological opponents, communists each and every one of them, do all the time. I believe it's called projection.
The whoel non-Orthodox thing is about people who are Orthodox Christians who marry outside the Church.
Odds can be immediately converted into probabilities. In your example, the probability is .704/(1 + .704) = .413. Anyway, I would say that "Females are .704 times less likely than males of having outcome y". If you compute the probability for males, you will note that .704 times that will give you the previously calculated female probability. &gt;If the OR for a continuous variable is 0.051, is the interpretation "For each increase in x (continuous variable), the odds of y happening decreases by 0.949"? For each unit increase in x, the odds of y happening increase by 0.051.
I presume this is about the last. Your'e interpreting what happens to the odds if *x* increases. If *x* goes up 1 unit, that means the odds go up 0.051. eg, if your equation is: odds = 1.8 + 0.051 x Then if *x = 0* you have the odds as 1.8. If *x = 1*, you have 1.851. The odds went up by 0.051.
nah
Those aren't "traditionalists".
What essential similarity do you see
Man, it's like the Ionescu play *The Rhinoceros*.
Not really, but I'm sure there are some individuals who dig it. Some people are into weird stuff.
the sacristan puts in ice unless you tip him
this is what they're advising kids to do, not what they live by themselves.
Kind of the first I've heard any of that kind of stuff - I had the impression he was more of a popular middle of the road sort
Yeah, for a lot of folks in those extreme outlier ideologies, like communism, it seems more about this outsider style so they're more prone to going to the opposite side than one would think.
Yes, I don't believe in a form of horseshoe theory at all (or fish-hook theory or anything else), but phenomenologically there is a type that will go to whatever extreme is enticing at the moment so flips like that are common.
"Cultural Marxism" is an anti-Semitic conspiracy theory.
Yeah, and the articles discuss how right-wing hand-wringing about "Cultural Marxism" is an anti-Semitic conspiracy theory popularized by the alt-right, neo-Nazis, etc etc. cf https://www.salon.com/2019/05/05/a-users-guide-to-cultural-marxism-anti-semitic-conspiracy-theory-reloaded/
It is very nice. But a lot of work!
This works the opposite way for me - during Christmas every year it means there are a bunch of shows where I watch all their Christmas-related episodes (similarly for other holidays if I remember). I certainly don't do a full rewatch of these shows every year, so I inevitably watch holiday episodes so much more than the rest.
I'm only sitting out until we lose!
press F to pay respects
Well, for instance, a priest must not tell anybody the contents of a confession ever. There are intimate details about your spouse that you cannot tell anybody. And so too you may have intimate, personal experiences that you cannot share. However, the whole teaching of the Church is open, not hidden in any way. There aren't any secret teachings.
https://twitter.com/nickschadegg/status/1139016654900191233
"I'm joining the Orthodox Church"
I would note however that this does not prevent you from being investigated for such things, nor even from being arrested, charged, and prosecuted. You just won't get convicted!
&gt; Idris Elba would've been a great choice.....five years ago..... Yes, this is the one major problem
Which? Most of the people were never contributors.
&gt;Instead of responding to actual arguments, it's basically "This one person who wrote a couple articles for this website tweeted in favor of legal abortion once, so everyone associated with that site must want to destroy Orthodoxy." And now these modernists on reddit are persecuting me!
So puzzling, right?
This sounds like... pretty much every social media site (except facebook, which doesn't do downvoting).
I think the article is bad.
One of the salient differences is whether anybody actually complained about the piece to the moderators.
&gt; but I doubt that would have any significant effect. A program in Colorado which provided free long-acting reversible contraception (IUDs) reduced teen pregnancy and teen abortions by like 60%.
Oh, yes, their treatment of her really gives up the game of what they're about.
Uh, sure, why not, if that's what you're going for.
&gt;Plenty of your posted articles would violate it too if we're being that loose with the application Then report them. &gt;Nothing uncivil about the article. &gt;He doesn't call into question their faith, just their views. The rule never implies that everyone's views are protected from criticism. Did you read it?!
Is it? They've tried to drag her before on this.
Not really.
Ask somebody else, I haven't stated any policy preference beyond pointing to these other methods first.
if you're wondering why, it's because I had to do some naming in common with other `predict. ... ()` methods and things like that, plus having to be careful about `...` arguments. Even when you do things 'logically', who has time to remember all that.
I think t he authors have disassociated themselves from Datacamp.
conservatives aren't exactly bright people. they are continually thinking that they're being shadowbanned because they don't get the engagement they think they ought to when really it's a combination of these sorts of thresholds and their unpopularity.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I made that noise Ron Swanson made when Andy was shining his shoes.
You're finding contradictory information because having such a dress code is not terribly common, at least in America. In some places there's sort of a norm of "cover your head and wear a skirt", and it's the *only* rule, and a miniskirt counts (you see people dressed like they're coming straight from the club), which is fine really but seems to not really get the point of modesty that they're going for. Honestly, though, it's a wedding, there'll be plenty of guests and they won't all "get it right". If you want to be the "safest" you can be, go for a full-length skirt or at least a midi. Knee-length is probably fine, but if some place is wanting to dictate people's clothing, it's hard to guess what is going to fly without asking them directly.
He's isn't directly alt-right, but he stands right next to them - take for instance his recent long interview with Milo Yiannopoulos.
There have certainly been some religious criticisms of New Thought and similar, related things - we're not really fans. Now, part of this really depends on how seriously you're taking it and what you're getting out of it. If all you're getting is a little bit of motivation and trying to be a little more positive instead of letting yourself be consumed by nattering nabobs of negativity, fine, whatever. If you actually think there's some mystic force at play here, that's just wrong and harmful. If you start veering into Prosperity Gospel things, that's also bad. Positive thoughts don't attract positive results and negative thoughts don't attract negative results.
If God has, it's not existentially useful to act that way, you've got to make the effort and things are rarely clear.
I typically recommend to people to got to the liturgy as their first service because it's hard to know what the parish they're going to is like for vespers - there could be five people there or fifty, it could be rather regularly cancelled if they had an event earlier in the day like a baptism, the regular chanter might miss it that week, you might be expecting to be able to talk to the priest afterwards or beforehand but they're not available for whatever reason, or maybe they are, who knows, we literally have no idea. With the Sunday liturgy, we can be sure it will be done, it will be in the morning, it will be well attended comparatively, it'll be more or less what the parish is going to be like, it's the service that people actually attend. As for what vespers is like: they read some prayers and sing some stuff. I don't know how to get more specific without knowing what experiences you've had that might or might not be comparable. In the liturgy, they do more of the same, except it has a more discernible structure: the first part is centered around the Scripture readings for the day and the second part is the eucharistic service. For both liturgy and vespers, you can just hang out in the back respectfully observing, feel free to stand and sit etc along with the others. At the liturgy, when they do communion (the priest comes out with a chalice), you can just stay in the back until they're done. It's possible somebody will bring you blessed bread - this is *not* communion and you can eat it. At the very end, people may go up and venerate the cross, you can do that if you want or not. There may also be some blessed bread, this is not communion and you can eat it, but please be careful with the crumbs, as it is blessed bread.
They'll almost certainly be fine with taking you. You just can't go back-and-forth if you're going visiting. You should go ahead and do it.
See the Didache. It lists pouring as an option if others aren't available. Beyond this, get advice from people who aren't the internet. There are (Orthodox) cases of, in dire necessity, baptizing by wetting a finger and marking the forehead.
German bureaucracy at its finest
While marriage in college (if you enrolled at 18) is usually not very advisable, I'm not sure why there's a need for much delay beyond that. I know plenty of graduate students and early career professionals who get married, and that's even *secular* folks. But, sure, things are tough if you meet at 20 and want to wait until you graduate college and find *something*. Granted, you want to make sure to marry the right person - the person you think you know at 20 is perhaps not they person they are when they are 25. Among Christians I know who got married, a *fair* number who married before they were out of college maybe 2 years are divorced a decade later. Population-wide statistics show a similar trend, that marriages that start after around age 25 are much less likely to end in divorce.
Without knowing too much about your specific data set, I'd first think about whether 'within' (my guess) or 'between' is a better model than 'random'.
On the one hand, there was the 'western european marriage pattern'. On the other, there was legal prostitution. Perhaps instead of 95% of people having premarital sex, it was a bit less, but it wasn't rare.
If it's posted on youtube, if the person who posted it has the copyright, you can certainly download it. If they don't have the copyright for it, I'd wonder why they haven't had a takedown request yet.
Read the tutorials for details. http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz/namespace.html But, basically, instead of being like `library(ggplot2)` when you're writing a function or whatever you indicate in your documentation that you need ggplot. NAMESPACE is generated from your documentation if you do `roxygen` right. Which is pretty easy.
`testthat()` is pretty good IMO, check out http://r-pkgs.had.co.nz/tests.html#tests
Man, just not their day today.
I didn't realize Alonso was a rookie.
It doesn't look like it. Applications to MRI and on the sphere interest me enough that making an R wrapper for one of the the C libraries (or a C++ library, that might be easiest given how Rcpp goes) is now on my list of 'this might be worthwhile to do or, if I teach a stat computing class, give as a possible project', but unfortunately I definitely don't have any bandwidth at all at the moment.
so uh are you 34 and 3 months old?
Nice, I had trouble figuring it out after the third move. Looks like I'll have to hit the books.
It's a lot like Catch (and integrates with Catch if you have C++ code in your package), if you've used that and like it.
also why is this 8 year old picture making the rounds again
Yes, it's definitely best to, like, ask somebody what you're seeing in the photo before putting a caption on, because if you don't know what's there, what's the point of the caption? The reader's uneducated guess is then as good as yours. However, I can imagine our equal annoyance if somebody observed litiya and captioned that as the communion or mistook the common practice of zapivka for communion (or the antidoron as the Body portion of communion) - which people do get confused about all the time!
I think it'd be cool to have like one game where the radio and TV guys switch for the day.
Saying Easter worshipers is distinguishes it as being at services rather than, say, attacking a Christian neighborhood on the holiday or otherwise. Similar phrasing is used for other religious groups that are victims of terrorism. Frankly, if you look at the headline a few years later, you wouldn't remember that this weekend in April was Easter, so that context would be helpful to distinguish the uniquely religious character of the attack. Otherwise, bombing Christians, is that about religion or politics and social identity?
So are they going to pull him after 5 or are they going to let him go until he's done?
walking the pitcher: a little less than ideal
You hate to see it
Finally, some good news.
No.
It's almost like perhaps he's addressing what he sees in his own diocese and the American church at large, as far as he can see? &gt;established out of nothing just for a particular ethnic group Like the bulk of the OCA, it was not from "nothing" or "just for a particular ethnic group", it was a large group of Eastern Catholics converting back to Orthodoxy.
wait, holy shit, they just up and went to Saigon in 1965?
It's a Russian thing. So if visiting elsewhere, don't try it!
Generally because fo their "ecumenical" nature - ie accommodating people used to the Russian practice.
THEIR STATED STRATEGY FOR MITIGATING THE EFFECTS OF THE BASILISK IS TO BE OPEN ABOUT NOT ACCEDING TO ACAUSAL BLACKMAIL in other words, just repeatedly saying no to whatever the AI said.
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh such momentary hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKRDa6LTxU8
Probably going for another cabinet post.
but yeah basically to get up and running it's: a file called `DESCRIPTION` at the base of the directory a folder called `R/` filled with scripts defining your functions (and you should document them, which is pretty easy) and the rest is done by `devtools` or the `usethis` package. there's a few more details, of course. run `devtools::create_package('packagename')` and you're almost done.
May God have mercy on your soul.
May God have mercy on your soul.
&gt; Doesn't LDA assume multivariate normality? From your description of the data, it seems to be questionable if this assumption holds in your case. At the end of the day, LDA is drawing a line between two groups based on minimizing a cost function and works (depending on how you're doing it, Fisher's method doesn't quite assume this) assuming there are equal covariance matrices. The math works out to make this the exact solution when the populations are multivariate normal, but, as in the case of linear regression, you can *use* it even if you don't have normality, you just have to be careful about your interpretations or trying to derive a p-value or something from it. A linear boundary not being a good discriminator would worry me more.
Yes, it's something to keep in mind if you ever run into somebody casually throwing out the word "filth" for anything other than literal rotting garbage.
Schismatics depart, let no schismatic remain.
Thank you - I presumed as much but didn't want to get it wrong!
man you could tell fromt hat first swing and miss by schwarbs that he had a pretty much complete read on this pitcher, since he was just going straigth for full violent mode
they were selling bags of hamburger buns for **0.59 CENTS** at the store. it was wild.
:/ man, sucks to hit him there.
I mean, gotta respect him there, the Mgr has to go until he gets ejected there just for the sake of the team.
WOW
Registers in general are an amazing thing that I really haven't used much but really need to use a lot more because they're a HUGE feature of emacs.
I've never been in one, but you occasionally hear about them. I don't intend to compile a list.
May God have mercy on your soul! If you *weren't* feeling jitters, feeling unworthy, then I'd be worried about you. This is a big step, pretty important, and a heavy commitment. You have to take it seriously. For most people, taking something seriously and facing that commitment means some level of anxiety, impostor syndrome, jitters, however it manifests itself. Maybe not for everybody, but enough people that it's weird if they were taking it seriously and they didn't have some level of anxiety. If you do think you might have something more than just nerves and anxiety about something important, you're going to have to figure that out. Talk to somebody who knows you and loves you and will tell it to you straight if you're trying to talk yourself into something you don't want to do.
Even if 2020 Cubs have some holes in their game, they would mop the floor with the 2000 Cubs.
Dreher should only be mocked, not engaged with.
It seems an appropriate response to somebody whose job is running around with shopping bags full of gasoline to not pay him any mind. It was part of the aftermath of the OCA Truth/Met Jonah debacle, where he eventually posted documents related to the accusations of sexual misconduct by a priest which included private information about the victim. You can read some of the background on the earlier stages of the OCA Truth thing, for instance, here: http://orthodoxleader.paradosis.com/2011/05/04/lies-and-leadership/#more-441 and posts around that time.
Let's get back to Dreher. By the criteria you just stated, we should pay him no mind.
You're the one posting shitty Dreher takes.
Perhaps, but blessed are the poor
Uh keep reading in Luke 6 version. But woe to you who are rich, for you have already received your comfort.
The poor He has filled with good things, but the rich He has sent empty away. Dichotomies exist right there in the Gospel and the rest of the Bible, though certainly we must carefully apply them to ourselves, as we are most definitely more often than not on the wrong side of them.
Then don't post inflammatory nonsense.
no war but the class war https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts1RfaK_FXg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM78cecr8oA
As a treat
hendricks got a good move.
The Antiochian one is more likely to have Greek-style music rather than four-part harmony and more likely to have an Arabic-speaking contingent. That's really it as far as you're concerned.
Yes, you are never required to eat animal products as an Orthodox Christian.
I would presume if it keeps flaring up and people get tired of it. I suspect this one will be less common as buzz from the book dies down.
God cares for all creatures great and small.
I guess people really do paint icons that look like themselves when trying to portray Christ: https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/bald-jesus-fresco-rsovci-cave-church
Hmm cats ARE a major threat to sparrows.
Yes, a profoundly foolish and immoral act and potentially an illegal one.
This isn't meant as an insult to minor clergy, just pointing out that there's no *general* standard here. Different bishops demand or require different things from people before being made a "reader". Sometimes your local reader will just essentially be a steady guy who goes to church and is willing to do the readings but has no education of any sort. Sometimes it's some guy who went to seminary and didn't have a desire to become a priest or whatever.
Greek practice or Russian practice?
It certainly is a necessity, I'm just unclear about the utility and wisdom of a religious community getting *too far* into the merits on the issue rather than addressing our actual sphere of expertise - the Gospel and its impact on how we must live. But, certainly, some aspect of the facts needs to be addressed (as a statistician, I'm fine with hopping into some of it, personally).
I mean think of it like this: we say, oh, racism is wrong because genetic result A, B, and C and then it turns out we aren't quite right on those three points or perhaps we just get out-argued. We're making a statement as a religious community, we shouldn't depend *that much* on that kind of provisional knowledge (cf: people who relied on old cosmological models popular among philosophers). Obviously, if we have no reference at all to the real world, we get turned astray as well (cf: current young earth creationists). But there are things we *do* know.
Speaking of which, I'm looking forward to listening to this highly-informed discussion of the matter in the near future: https://www.lawfareblog.com/lawfare-podcast-special-edition-law-and-soleimani-strike I presume there will be articles on the site about it soon, too.
I studied Sanskrit for a couple years - how's learning it from there?
I think he's gotten better at baseball over time. I think the main problems come because of the nature of national broadcasts and that he's often paired with crummy PBP guys.
Amazing. Every word of what you just said is wrong.
Probably neither
Well, this kind of depends on his attitude toward it. If he's fine with eating vegetarian occasionally, then there might not be a problem. But if he doesn't like it or it causes friction, then you'll have to find a pastoral approach that works. I presume this is mostly about dinner, one meal per day?
not bad
meh
If it's not a team I just want to lose in general, it kind of depends on how the series went. If it was a very "oh screw these guys" series, well, you can guess what I want to happen.
Their reaction is not meh, it's the 14 words.
baldness from higher testosterone levels!
I don't think either have as many good years left on their career as Arenado.
Yeah Don was really solid but you can see exactly when his back injury occurred. It's a big "what if".
Yeah, he's the definition of this to me. All those 30 HR seasons, the big playoff moments, he HAD to be on the same level as like Dave Winfield, right? Or Andre Dawson? Right???
I think this is more about setting precedent for like player's union negotiations about service time than about winning.
I would say that, sure, getting a PhD if you have the gift for it is good - at the very least, it's easier to get the PhD and then figure out you're better suited for monastic life than to try monastic life and then figure out you're better suited for the PhD! I would also say that having some experience in the world so you don't have questions about what else is out there is positive - you may even want to work a year or two post-PhD to see what working life is like (it's different from PhD studies and those resources will be helpful to make the transition to monastic life).
Not sure why you want to do this, but, yeah, divide by the density at the mode, which will be at x = (alpha -1)/(alpha + beta -2) for alpha, beta &gt; 1.
mode is different if either of alpha, beta &lt;= 1. The wikipedia has details.
What claims do you think it's making that contradict Christianity? It's also a fundamental aspect of the philosophy of science that the science itself is not making truth claims.
We don't even need to talk about scientific models and what "explaining" things means, we can get even more basic. When somebody says, "God created life," what empirical claim do you think is being made, and how, precisely, would it be possible to verify or falsify, if you were given the ability to observe all of history perhaps even down to the molecular level? These statements are less about observation of history but about ontology and metaphysics - who are we, what are we here for, what is our relation to the universe? This isn't to say that Christianity is utterly devoid of empirical content, we say things that intersect physical reality, after all, but when you place the Genesis narratives in their place in theology, especially in their context as anti-mythological polemics against the gods of their Babylonian neighbors, it's clear that the point isn't, "If you look back in time, you will see fully-formed humans popping out of nothing, or rather, dust."
Mind you I saw "piano" and thought you'd be thinking about playing four parts and more rather easily, but looking at what the instrument actually is, that might be... ambitious. Still, you'll find some things on there and and the all-male liturgy page that will be in C that you can pick out a melody at the very least and possibly another line.
Profoundly misguided, filled with abusive clergy who went into them because actual Orthodoxy wouldn't tolerate them. This isn't an exhaustive characterization, some of the jurisdictions keep them out, but you don't want to spin that wheel.
Because they first prepared the NT and then later did the OT. They now have a complete Bible. It was done this way because they wanted an OT more informed by the Greek OT, which was not a readily available product. Meanwhile, a Greek NT that conforms to the preferred readings of the Orthodox Church is readily available, so it was able to be put out sooner.
step 1: take podium step 2: walk away with podium
Yeah, the mode is at x = 0.4 in that case but the value of the density is not 0.4. It looks like you do the right thing in what you provide above.
Whatever my personal opinion of those views are, and noting there's a lot more to account for in national policy and how things actually shake out does matter, I don't think those views are explicitly against church teaching.
yeah, there are a couple litanies where you can insert your own thing (or your bishop can tell you to insert a petition). But since they're not, like, prescribed, and I'd be wary of reading too much into it. I would also note that Greece really hasn't been long-suffering in the same way as those others, under both the communist yoke and the the oppression of the Israeli state. (though it's been nearly 30 years for the former...)
via https://twitter.com/rucksichtslose/status/1216731841568411650
Monks are unmarried. If your spouse dies or sometimes if they leave you, it may be possible to become a monk, but you need to be properly disposed toward the vocation and unencumbered by other responsibilities. There are in fact rare cases in history of spouses mutually deciding to go to separate monasteries and leaving each other but this is not a model for modern life.
one major difference between this and proxy baptisms is that the baby is being baptized, not somebody else. the baptism itself is efficacious, not the preliminary renunciations, anyway. Though we don't really play the game of reducing sacraments to the minimum necessary, none of that proxy stuff is done if you have to baptize in an emergency, you just pronounce the formula and dunk (or splash or sprinkle).
The primary relation there is etymological. There's little more to it than that, apart from some comment one might make about the fact of male-only ordination and its consequences for the governance of the Church.
Also it's good that you no longer listen to that YouTuber
First thing is that it depends on your stage of advancement and your goals. If you're just a beginner you're going to improve no matter what as long as you aren't starving or sleep-deprived. After that, it depends on how far from optimum you can be and still improve (for most of us: we can be pretty far). Most of us aren't, uh, professional athletes. For a lot of us, not sleeping enough and skipping workouts is a bigger obstacle than any dietary issue. Anyway, quite frankly, people are able to perform very well on a vegan diet. However, it may involve eating in a way that's not quite "fasting". At an advanced level, it might be easiest to just kind of maintain - eating plenty of stuff like tofu - rather than bulk at this time. It's just 8 weeks, you know? If you do this, note that higher intensity with lower volume is probably a better idea than backing off on the weights or going low intensity, higher volume.
kurtosis is bounded below by the square of skewness + 1. Anyway, there's no reason why a skewed distribution in either direction wouldn't be able to have fatter tails than the normal distribution (or at least a sufficiently fatter tail in one direction to overcome that the other tail might be thin).
it's really fun, i did a competition once, didn't really have access to implements beforehand, still did okay. It helped that it didn't really have pressing events, since that's always been my weak point.
Yeah, just scout out what events they'll be doing. Some things you don't really need to have done before, you just need to have some idea of the right technique and you'll do okay and not hurt yourself (like heavy tire flips, you don't need to have practiced, but you do need to know how to not tear your biceps). Other things will require familiarity with the implements and special practice (stones). The one I did was mostly things that you didn't need a lot of familiarity with the implements for, just heavy carries, pulling stuff, things like that, which is probably what'd I'd suggest for a newcomer, too. Implement-heavy things are fine, too, but you'd have to, like, actually train for it and find somebody with those or whatever and it won't just be a "hey, I'm strong, why not sign up for a strongman event?" thing anymore.
Lord have mercy, and I hope it works out. You're playing a dangerous game here but sometimes you've got to roll the dice.
And that word is a cognate in English, but one that I wouldn't expect most to know without looking it up. I forgot it at least. Edit: so I don't know anything about how common that word is in Spanish but this suggests to me it's a book that would be sending people to the dictionary even in one's native language
You have already gotten a bunch of good advice about how she probably misses having a friend and she should respect that you're not really in a place where you can reciprocate that desire because you are still hurting from wanting more than that (and indeed still do perhaps want more from that). I'm not saying that now is the time for it, but if you do, eventually, want to get to a place where you're okay with being friends with her, I would just say that you might not ever get to that point of getting over the rejection without putting yourself out there - that you might not get over it unless you try out being her friend again. However, now might not be the time for it just yet.
monk man good
Yep
when church and state get in bed together they often have ugly children
I mean, if you're really, really unsure about becoming Orthodox but know you want to be a Christian, *maybe*, if you're really unsure. But if you're thinking, "Okay, I want to be Orthodox, I'll get baptized wherever and then become a catechumen and then join the Church," that's just bad, don't do it.
But it's also not really good to the other church to be like, "Okay, I'll join you by baptism... but I'm going to be actively looking into joining some other church the whole time, I'm not totally serious about joining *your* church." If you're doing the "really unsure about Orthodoxy" path.
I think that's what lists are for
I think that was the case
You can show up whenever and in whatever condition. While it's probably preferred that you be clean, sober, and dressed, even that is not strictly required, though in the case any of those are lacking we'll probably assume it's a cry for help. It's good to call the priest in advance so they know to be on the lookout for a visitor who might want to talk to them but you can sort that out otherwise.
Correct, unless both of those confirm that they are the other one - there is a tag that lets you do so, in fact, in your profile (at least, on most instances I've seen - I'm not sure whether that's required to be supported).
We did it, reddit!
Is this referring to something specific or what am I looking at here?
uh what exactly are we looking at here?
Canseco: no, not quite enough there, missed too much time to injury, definitely had the raw talent, though. He had a couple good years and then kind of floundered around with injuries. McGwire: Maybe - higher performance, impact on the game and historical status, I think he makes it. Lot of good years in there.
He did a fair amount of oppo this year.
&gt;first-rank-of-the-priesthood That's part of an exhortation or instruction given by the bishop that's included in the service for ordaining a reader and is certainly done in the Slavic rite. However, I'm not familiar with what is done in the Greek practice where they treat the whole thing rather differently. Nor do I know what is done in the OCA in the places where they do (or did) ordain women as readers. I would note that the minor orders are poorly theorized and quite malleable over the centuries.
If somebody is asking for your input you should absolutely give input. There might be questions about how strongly your opinion should dictate moving things in that direction but there's no reason not to express your preference if people ask your preference. People sometimes play this faux humility game where somebody asks what you want to do and then you try to divine what the other person wants and then suggest *that*, which is how people sometimes end up doing something that nobody actually wants to do and resenting each other for it.
&gt; in my jurisdiction. The operative phrase here!
1. Not too much detail: enough that you're not hiding any sins but prurient details aren't needed (so, like, if they heard your confession and then knew what you *actually* did they would not be surprised at the difference). Like, whether this was once or a couple times or an ongoing thing, that's relevant. Replaying the scenario, not relevant. I would also say that you should *probably* get some further counseling on this, but I'd recommend having that longer discussion outside the context of confession. 2. He's heard worse! 3. Noting #2: go with the older priest.
Legal name good if Christian. St Victoria is not at all obscure or esoteric.
Somewhat rude to go if contagious. If you're not but are loudly coughing, that's fine to come, but I'm not sure you're not contagious if coughing.
As a catechumen, you're there to learn. This is a time when you are blessedly free from any obligation or compulsion to the community besides coming and learning what it's like to be Orthodox. Frankly, I don't like catechumens in the choir unless they're really used to being a singer because you really have to focus on the *being in the choir* part, which is quite a different focus than what you should have when you're learning what it's like to be an Orthodox Christian and participate in the services. Being in the choir can at times be a bit of a sacrifice of your participation in prayer and that's not one we should be demanding of people who are still learning. Again, however, somebody who is a very experienced singer will have less of an issue with that, but they will also appreciate how it's different. And will sometimes vary depending on what the choir is like and its demands.
&gt; From what I heard; it used to be only water; then some guy in the 1970's or so asked if he could have milk, so they changed the rules to allow milk as well. It's not even that they changed the rules, he inquired about whether milk was against the rules and they replied that they didn't see anything in the rules against it, so go for it. Then, the power of precedent took over.
This is it ^^^
You are Orthodox, you will not get baptized again, however, you do have to start coming to church again. The process to getting back is painless pretty painless and common: typically, you just confess and then, bam, you're back in business.
On the one hand, nobody should judge and this should not be a problem. On the other, there are rare instances where people do suck. There is no doctrinal or theological issue with having a pixie haircut or any other "non-traditional" haircut. It is unfortunate that there are some people who conflate their modernist notions of what "tradition" is and the teachings of Orthodox Christianity.
I'm sorry to hear that - hopefully there is a church nearby, if so, I'd recom,mend calling the priest
Both ~10 WAR.
Step 1: go to church and make sure you're at least reading a little bit of the Gospels and praying a little bit daily. Step 2: maybe read a couple books or something but see step 1 and get your advice there.
hats to the left, mates. hats to the left. Wait, the Reds took both Big Dick Nick AND Strop? What are we even doing?
Sutter, Smith... after that rating them gets hard, but he could definitely get in there.
The actual liturgy for Pascha is a little shorter than usual! Individual services are rarely 2+ hours. What makes things long is combined services. In the Slavic tradition, the Sunday vigil is typically 2+ hours, but it's vespers + matins. Generally, you come and go. In the Greek tradition, you typically do matins before liturgy rather than the evening before, which makes the Sunday services take over two hours. Feasts end up with a longer matins, and sometimes there are little additional rites thrown in, but it's all in the framework of a normal service. Basically, the only times you *really* go out of the ordinary way of doing things is Lent (especially Holy Week) and Nativity and Theophany.
Would she consider latex gloves and normal toilet paper instead?
Okay so maybe it's too late to get feedback on it in this comic, but: https://www.egscomics.com/comic/2016-04-04-best-power so is that next Saturday, or two weeks from now? Or are they blowing off the meeting accidentally?
If you like picking up accomplishments, smashrun has a giant list of badges to earn for things like that, plus things like running 10 times in a month, running 10k, total mileage in your career, etc.
Certainly, though body cameras aren't really associated with decreases in police violence (https://www.pnas.org/content/116/21/10329.short?rss=1). Things that are: 1. Change in use of force guidelines to be more restrictive (http://useofforceproject.org/#project). 2. Demilitarization of police departments (https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/2053168017712885). 3. Renegotiation of police union contracts to prevent purging of records, re-hiring of police who were dismissed for violent misconduct, things of that nature. 4. Use "predictive policing" on the police to find officers with a consistent pattern of escalation of force. 5. Invest in other crime prevention programs besides overpolicing and alternatives to calling the police for problems that aren't criminal. I'd also like to see legislation to remove or severely limit qualified immunity, but this is an indirect matter. Anyway, here's some more research on this sort of thing: https://www.joincampaignzero.org/research
&gt; I would add that the epidemic of looting and violence reveals that a significant segment of the population has no respect for the law, their community, or their fellow human beings. Significant? How big? You're overstating this.
Well, you still see the top 10.
Okay so I asked this the other day a little too late but: https://www.egscomics.com/comic/2016-04-04-best-power so is that next Saturday, or two weeks from now? Or are they blowing off the meeting accidentally?
No, lots of Orthodox churches have "Western" styles. They're not preferred for a variety of reasons, but, whatever.
Narrator: She never regretted anything.
In addition to learning more about spread and staffing issues, it's definitely the case that some locations had counterproductive restrictions which were in excess of what health authorities were recommending. They really needed to have good explanations for the public of the basis for their recommendations in order to get buy-in. Sometimes it might have been because of staffing issues for the park, or fears they could not prevent thousands from descending on the parks and mingling, or groups of children from using the playground equipment (before it was established that transmission from surfaces is less likely).
Nailed it without even noticing the Marlins were in there because of Cubs legend Frank Castillo, among others.
Came here to say this - especially with Santo coming back to announce games. A legend for two reasons.
How hard are you running? What pace? Have you tried slowing down? The common recommendation is to run slow enough that you can talk. If you're not able to run for ~30 minutes straight at that pace yet, doing run-walk patterns is nothing to be ashamed of (see if you can do 5-1 for 30 minutes). How long are your workouts and how often? It's generally good to do these kinds of endurance workouts for at least half an hour - that's not a hard boundary, but that's around where you get a lot of bang for your buck as a beginner. Training once or twice a week is probably not enough but training too often (eg daily) may impede development. 3-4 days per week for ~30 minutes is a common recommendation for beginners.
People going by their middle name typically don't bother.
Correct, one of those options. Or compile the whole notebook. In fact the normative thing to do is recompile the whole notebook. But if you're going to be dealing with the notebook interactively, yeah, you generally want to have chunk boundaries arranged as logically as you can have them, so anything you'd run together, try to put it in one chunk.
That's skimpy clothing, though, not the "underwear".
&gt;In a Secular society, that seems to be the case. Any cursory look at a high school cafeteria will show you how ethnicities/subcultures self-segregate themselves. It isn't necessarily! However, there will certainly be conflict of various sorts, just not necessarily along ethnic lines (the class war, for instance). &gt;Only in an Orthodox Christian society can we truly accomplish a multi-ethnic society in which all are One in Christ Get rid of "only" and, sure. Part of the point of Pentecost is that the nations, being divided in the past, are *now brought together in the Church through the action of the Holy Spirit.
You can use `=` every place you use `&lt;-`. The converse is not true. It's arguably a little clearer to use `&lt;-` for assignment because `=` can be used for other things. There are some minor technical differences when used for assignment (precedence in order of operations, which would be bad form to rely upon because it makes code harder to read and debug). You typically want to set up a hotkey for `&lt;-` in your text editor if you do it a lot so you save keystrokes. Or rely on `styler` to reformat your scripts.
&gt; Where did you get that number for Nazis? The highest I've ever seen is 12 million, unless you're counting war casualties, which hardly makes it a fair comparison. In any case the point isn't to say one is worse than the other, just that both are equally evil. The methodologies in Black Book... for counting communist deaths include war casualties.
Yeah, if you want to do something like this, rather than relying on order-of-operations, you really should force it with `( )` - the code will be easier to read and understand.
Well, I guess we've got to do taiji quan, then.
He murdered Christ.
Amen.
1. Sure, protest is fine for just causes. In some cases, non-peaceful protest may be justified. As for the police being punished and whatever, would that really have happened without protest? Anyway, it's utterly absurd to say that our religion would require that we never object in any way to what the government is doing. 2. The only people we can really call heretics are Orthodox Christians who are condemned for obstinate denial of revealed truths. You can't accidentally be a heretic and you can't be a heretic if you were never Orthodox in the first place.
No. They believe heretical things. People sometimes call them, loosely, heretics. If an Orthodox person joins them, they are joining a heretical sect and believe heresy.
Axios!
amazing that the firing of the officer and prosecution of him is all that is necessary to address the issues.
It would be a vortex that sucks in more than that.
Awesome! Yes. We're very happy for people to come back, your story is not uncommon in the slightest. With the whole Covid-19 situation, you'll want to check what your local parishes are doing. In general, you can just show up and see what the services are all about and try to talk to priest after the service about what's up. You can call or e-mail ahead, but sometimes people aren't very accessible by those routes. We have a lot of resources on the sidebar if you want to know what services are like and what we believe and what to expect.
&gt; Apologies in advance for a newbie question: must you use Doom Emacs for org-roam? No, it's not at all required.
&gt; The WHO is saying that asymptomatic spread is less likely than symptomatic spread, not that it doesn't happen at all. They are indeed spreading new infections. They are specifically pointing out that a lot of what was called asymptomatic spread is either **presymptomatic** or the people do, in fact, have very mild symptoms that they were overlooking. It changes very little about the calculus here, except that perhaps contact tracing is more important than we thought..
Pom Poko. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2FNvzqpjqA I discovered them right before the quarantine and they've been my listening ever since.
Neither do I, it's not something that asks you to believe in it.
There is no one scientific method.
&gt; Not sure if this will work for you, but it might be worth buying a desktop to keep at home, then use something like ngrok for the rstudio server session I'm not sure what ngrok is, either, but I would second the notion that desktop power is cheaper than laptop power, so it's a good idea to think about whether you *really* need to pay the premium to put the increased power in a portable computer. You can get a server with 32 or 64GB of RAM pretty cheaply. Or more! Getting a laptop like that, though, costs real money. Sometimes you need a laptop with that much power, though, and if it's time to upgrade, it's time to upgrade.
I would be happy if it were that developed, as I'm quite sympathetic to Feyerabend and would contend that science isn't about truth at all. However, I don't think your distinction of gnosticism as through the mind as opposed to through faith and the sacraments really holds up.
&gt; Christ wore robes, all Christian men should wear robes Okay but I'd be for this one.
The infamous Vigano letter.
The deep state is uncreated.
Try update.packages()
You mean a 20-something Anglophone before the internet and a modern author with broader resources might have different assessments of what the breadth of contemporary and ancient opinions was? Shocked, shocked.
&gt;I haven't read anything from a Patriarch or Council saying contraception was permitted. Citation requested. Or forbidden!
&gt; others interpreted them metaphorically. I think this is an unhelpful way of putting it! Ditto for "allegory". However, it's certainly the case that there would have been little good reason before modernity to consider moving beyond a "world is only a few thousand years old" idea. It would also have been exceedingly odd for a contrary message to be the point of the text. The text simply isn't about that and isn't trying to communicate anything about that. It's murdering the text to try to make it about natural science.
We're fooling ourselves if we don't adopt the broad strokes of the evolutionary narrative and if we try to force Genesis to be about the age of the earth (either as a metaphor or as a literal reading).
&gt; he didn't think that the documents would be open to discussion and revision The whole thing was weird because the documents had, in some cases, been in preparation for over 30 years. There were decades to discuss and revise the documents.
well, it depends. In Canadian French, the swears are made of church terms, so that's probably not great. Using the "vulgar" English term for your backside isn't a big deal, it's just impolite.
No. Also, those are pastoral matters the different Orthodox Churches agree on with regards to the dogma and mostly in terms of the pastoral applications anyway. However, some aspects of this were on the table for the Crete council but got scrapped.
Honestly for standard statistical things, I'd trust SPSS more than somebody's Python - unless they state what library they're using in Python and it's a standard statistics library that does things right (warning: SOME DON'T). If they're programming a new method, I'd expect to have their code and data either way, though Python might be better for that (for pure statistics, R is going to get you better response). Excel only for the very simplest things (like, tables). It's just not the right tool. However, I can't say what journals in general and other reviewers think.
He's normal mainstream Orthodox and some people are edgy. Like anybody who's old and has a large body of work, they aren't all gems, but in general he's fine. However, for some people, anybody popular, anybody other than their rigid corner of Orthodoxy is somebody to be torn down for any disagreement. What you're saying about James Martin is just not true. He affirms Catholic teaching on all of those issues.
Agree - only gripe is that I really like R Studio's plot handling and would kill to have that work well in Emacs.
Does it keep plot history like R Studio does?
Having Diane do the reacting seems about right.
Build up to 3x per week 40 minutes by adding five minutes to each day for two weeks, then add a 4th day of running and do 4x per week 30 minutes, then pick one day as your "long run day" and add 5-10 minutes per week to it until you're running 60-70 minutes while your other runs are 30-40 minutes. Don't try to push yourself on speed while doing this and try to make sure you're not adding *too* much each week, but this should take about 2 months and take you from ~15km per week to ~30km per week with a run of ~10km every week. So that's goal #1 down! And you'll probably have increased your 5K speed a little, too. Then test your 5K and you will be ready for an actual program based on your 5K time.
You just need to hit a button every time you add a file to your bibliography (or less often than that, really).
&gt;Also make sure you don't get talked into doing some shit work that is not advancing your career. Learn to say no or everyone will treat you as a doormat and make you do shit for them that you don't benefit from in any way. Specifically, if it's not paying your bills or in your dissertation, be very wary.
Oh, definitely, you just have to make sure you have a very good answer for the question, "If this isn't helping my dissertation or putting a roof over my head, what wonderful thing is this task contributing to my life?"
Cool beans. Okay then, looks like what I really want is a GAM (probably using `mgcv` in `R`). Would be nice if there were some super magic boosted version of that. Or I'll switch to a tree. I don't know.
So I have a bunch of subjects that I'm measuring some response `y` on as I vary some covariate `x`, and `y` is constrained to increase monotonically with `x`. Each subject has some other attributes, `z1` through `zn`. I have three different treatments/methods I can use on the subjects and what I **really** want to do is predict `y` for a given value of `x` with a given treatment on an object with attributes `z1` through `zn` and also have an idea of what attributes really matter in determining what `y` is for each method. I'm thinking, like, what I end up with is something like sampling a set of covariates, fitting a GAM with those, taking the residuals, sampling again and fitting a GAM, etc. Or, if a linear model, similiarly. I suppose the former exists, a BGAM, which I could try. However, I don't know if those are any good! Now that I think of this, I used monotonic GAMs in my last submitted paper, which I worked on while putting off this project, but hadn't yet figured them out the last time I took this project up, so I should give that a whirl before I try something else.
2 hour hike in the mountains: that's also training. Walking around the park: active recovery, fine and perhaps even beneficial on a rest day unless you're very detrained and starting out from a completely sedentary lifestyle.
Something that some people find helpful if the DREAD before the run is holding you back is to not decide in advance - go out and say, okay, I'm going to run (say) 2 miles, and then I'll decide whether to go for another mile or not, but I'll run at least 2 miles. And set up routes so that it's easy to flip between the two. If you start running longer, this can be very helpful. Like, you have a plan to run 10 miles, but you have it set up so you can abort at like 3 or 6 miles if it's a bad day or something.
ESS is very nice and pretty easy if you already know Emacs. The only thing I really miss is the plot handling in R Studio when doing exploratory stuff and fiddling around. Also sometimes working with Rmarkdown and presentations, R Studio has buttons that do nice things. However, R Studio really is pretty nice if all you do is R.
This might be a hot take here, but I don't think any real punishment should come from this besides a stern discussion about why he's a dumbass and why saying stuff like this isn't wise and reflects poorly on him. He's said much more awful stuff in the past if we want to start getting critical (please, let's).
&gt;Why does yoga receive so much attention from the Orthodox Church? It really is weird. &gt; I understand why it is condemned by the Church Is it *really*? Some local synods have issued opinions and others have issued contrary opinions. Culture warrior anxiety.
His watermelon and fried chicken for Juneteenth one. We discuss it here: https://www.reddit.com/r/SneerClub/comments/hb1kjh/robin_hanson_has_a_very_reasonable_racially/
Kind of funny how they were like, "They sent it to people who organized meetups rather than prominent community members!" I'm not a reporter but if I weren't embedded that would be the first thing I'd try? Especially since real names are often attached and I would presume that somebody setting up a meetup is, in some sense, prominent? They are also 100% not going to devote the time and effort to, like, actually find out the real shitty stuff in the SSC community.
I'm so amused that these people think they're all going to be fired. Remember the last time Rationalists got press, and it was just like, "these people are weird, they do cuddle puddles, haha, rationalists, amirite?" Noooooobody caaaaaaares about you.
Time Cube.
I can say that #6 isn't really in Eastern manuscripts and not part of the Orthodox tradition.
&gt; A combination of explicitly racist policy and ensuing founder effects, a hostile atmosphere due to multiple current quantum physicists hating black people, and the racist cognitive bias preventing people from noticing black people's accomplishments, prevents black folks from getting (permanent) jobs in the field. The founder effects needs more discussion: even if we pretend there isn't any discrimination *now* (either because of systemic racism or personal animus or whatever), the United States had explicit legal discrimination until the last generation. Look at any grad student cohort and ask what their parents did. Look at any batch of newly hired TT professors and ask what their parents did. Generally: college educated. Often: professional or graduate degrees. Much more often than the general population: professors themselves. And very rarely: no college education. There are a lot of reasons for this, and it's not just genetics. Baking in, via explicit discrimination which we all know occurred, disparities one generation ago will bake in disparities in the present.
&gt; But sneering on HBDers is not presenting a hypothesis about the world - it is simply being mean, with mean intent. This is simply wrong on your part (note how you think the "sneerers" are wrong about HBD), but how is being mean with mean intent "violent language"? By your definition of "violent language", because I have no clue, still, what it means.
&gt; (both converts who were married before we were Orthodox) That's the operative difference here. The relevant distinction is that the poster above was talking about Orthodox Christians who got married, not married people who became Orthodox Christians.
I was wondering that myself. Unfortunately, I don't know.
One pro-tip you should always note: if something is condemned by somebody, it's because somebody was doing it. If not everybody condemns it, you'll probably still see it around.
1. There are fewer of us 2. You're not looking hard enough. however I would note that most people you would find on, say, youtube are... low quality and reactionary. I would not recommend them.
And therefore, for the OP, style guides typically dictate that you should *only* use `return(...)` when you're doing an early exit of some kind. An example where this might come up is if you have some long convoluted computation but if your input variable `x &lt; 0`, then the answer is 0. Rather than nest the entire flow of the function in an `if ... else...`, you could just say, `if (x &lt; 0) return(0)`. This should be done sparingly and obviously, otherwise your program flow gets hard to reason about.
Yeah, the bigger problem is the pedagogical one: R is a functional programming language and should be taught like one, teaching people to use `return(...)` can teach the wrong lessons and reinforce bad design patterns.
The eucharist is always the eucharist. The problem of taking it "unworthily" is that it is like a fire. Will it burn you like straw or will it purify you like gold?
I suppose they are trusting their engineers to use it responsibly!
It is possible to serve the liturgy and have the priest end up as the only communicant but not be the only person there. Beyond that I don't know enough about what's going on based on what you've said, nor do I think you have enough details to really discuss this.
Nobody else goes to communion.
Yeah, that feels like a quasi-canonical "they're starting out with something that is realistic for them to do even if it maybe didn't happen this way" story.
You can steal recipes from /r/vegan or /r/veganrecipes
It's usually done one of those two ways. Some also do it where the moment you're interested they'll enroll you.
I like the wet rag idea.
Yeah, whatever. Whatever meaning you want to give it. Well, we don't look at it that way, I don't know where this is coming from.
What's your bench now, precisely?
As somebody who grew up in a college town, yeah, a lot of people do end up just sticking around. A lot end up at the other state university. This *is* realistic. If we kind of redefine this from being a city's suburbs to being a college town that has a little more to it than the university, it fits really well with what's up around town - it could be big enough for two high schools, having all these woods around is realistic...
One possibility is she was offered a full ride here, say, national merit scholarship, and that plus her family insisting...
Oh yes I'm aware of what that city is like and the connection, the problem with it is that you're not going to have everybody going to the same local university in that case
Yeah, that is a slight discrepancy where we can just suspend disbelief. Another pattern is [City] State University in some places (eg Chicago). Though you do have things like University of Houston, so it's not unprecedented for a public university to have a name like that!
your data frame is already numeric. it has row names, but the data is just `1:4`. And then when you subset a 1 column data frame, it converts to a vector, which is bad behaviour but that's not my problem.
I mean, the demons neither eat nor sleep, that's somehow different from fasting and ascetic discipline.
Bayes as done by statisticians: good shit if done well Bayes as done by anybody else: what the fuck this is a statistical thing, are you going to do fucking Gibbs sampling in your head?
SHUT UP AND MULTIPLY
the two of them are just PEAK rationalism
Yes. I don't know, just search here.
https://www.reddit.com/r/SneerClub/search?q=aella&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;include_over_18=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all She's really more of a eugenicist but she's a strong "all lives matter" sort.
Generally sins that you forget to confess are forgiven in confession, but especially so in the context of baptism, but you should talk to your priest about this.
Correct, yeah, the weird thing about that one is that it's not really "Bayesian statistics", it's just an application of Bayes' rule, which is what a frequentist or whatever would do, anyway. It is very annoying to me to see rationalists always trot out things like that as a way to introduce people to "Bayesianism". One problem is that there's a lot of equivocation about what's going on here because of some overlapping ideas. Bayesian methods in statistics are highly useful but don't necessitate any type of "Bayesian epistemology" at least as a model of rationality and absolutely nobody in statistics takes "fully subjective Bayesianism" seriously.
Man, that era of the Cubs...
I do agree that that jab is a little off.
