Bitch please, it has 75% scaling and 260 max base damage. The person who replied to you is right, its not on the high end of damaging abilities because it ain't even her main damage source. It's a little more damaging than a kukulkan zephr (his 1) or poseidon tidal surge (his 1). Scylla's isn't high in base damage, it isn't high in scalings, this is all compared to other mages, the only reason it does tons of damage is because of typical scylla mage builds, however if we were to compare pos and kuk 1 to hers which for all 3, their 1's aren't their main damage source, hers has higher base damage than kuk, but higher base damage than pos, kuk would have higher power from his passive comparatively to scylla so kuk would out damage her. Like nox 2 and 3 are exceptionally high, most dot mages have quite high scalings to balance them out. There's also raijin, if he hits all his 1, he does 360 + 120% scaling and his 2 does 275 + 65% scaling. Essentially, you reach high ability damage territory when you reach the 100% scalings mark, in and around there anyway.
Convinced you're a troll, you clearly didn't read anything I said, not gonna argue with you, all my points still remain, be able to even do 1000 damage would be in the extreme end game with situational red and fg buff in which ur gonna win the game anyway and the dmg is irrelevant ontop of the fact that every other mage would do the same damage. Whether its high or low is relative to the dmg output of comparitive mages which I've told you, hers is average.
It's raw power it gives for the price it costs when its a defence item which its power was buffed in a patch a good while back.
Are these your typical arena pleb builds where u have zero pen, just power items and testing on an odin that only has like 20 magical prots? lmao, whats next, testing with a 3k pot? And ur obviously not gonna reply to how her 1 is doing the same dmg as every other mage.
I can hit 835 power on scylla at level 20 with fully stacked book of thoth, pen boots, spear of deso, ob shard, rod of tahuti and soul reaver. When I hit ra bot, i do 886 damage with my 1. With red buff I get 983 power and can do 997 vs ra bot. Most mages would deal the same damage.
You can smell the garlic from this post.
Just like how cupid and aphro get + 1 power to both of em when linked? (this is an actual thing btw)
In previous seasons, trans was always a good competitor and always built on ability based hunters, at one point ataraxia even built trans over devos on rama (horrible in a typical game setting, but this was in competitive with a sol purpose/playstyle) because he could rely on rama ult at LAN to get picks and this wasn't because devos was bad. So I highly disagree with what ur saying and think ur over reacting for the sake of drama. Trans goes outta meta for 1 season and u make it sound like its never been competing with devos in all the previous seasons which is bollocks.
You can see her 5th finger/thumb between the 2 fingers on the left, her 5th finger is just on the other side of the hand.
All I see is her tensing her hands...
It's all subjective, if you swear a lot, even tho hirez don't tell you this, but swearing is considered to be bad mannered, even if you say it in good context or swearing when you die, they are all trigger words and all get picked up, so they'll look at your account if you've been reported a lot for harassment, regardless of whether or not you actually harassed, they'll take into account how often you swear, in the hopes of using this system to be able to report on a wider scale and take action faster without looking at too much qualitative info.
Reports aren't automated for the most part, most reports are looked at you won't ever be banned without having your reports looked at by a person at Hi-rez, don't ask reddit if ur gonna be banned again in the future just cause u see u've been 'reported' the action of being reported isn't the same as having action taken to your account and they never happen at the same time.
I can literally do this shit with my hands right now, does it hurt nope. Maybe if ur fat af your chubby hands and fingers can't possibly tense.
The entire purpose of putting conquest first is to encourage higher playerbase in conquest which helps mm, ur request would do more harm than good. If we did ur request we'd have even worse playerbase and worse mm.
Trans on rama was only good because of what the build was used for and the fact that it was in a competitive environment, he only ever needed to snipe the whole mid game which helps his team get picked, it wouldn't work right now because devos is far different today than it was back then where the disparity between power granted by trans over devos was greater back then.
Well you could be right in that sense, but what type of player never looks at the other modes realistically? Most people coming into a game go into it because they're referred by a friend and they'll want to do the party games with them first. I don't think new players are leaving the game just because conquest is shit when starting out, there's plenty of choice. Swapping the order of modes isn't really gonna do much.
Chronos can easily stack it by autoing a wave on the 4th wheel of his 2. Sol could make use of book of the dead easier too, generally mages have to rely upon autos to get good lifesteal.
I'm pretty sure its a bug I'm hearing it too or its the latter which I think its like artemis traps where u hear them in ur vicinity if you come across a new one. I can't tell whether an ally ward has died, an enemy ward has been set, an enemy ward has been killed or whether its just ghost noises because I always hear choo choo making random ass noises in the jungle even when you can see he's dead on the enemy team.
Yes pls
Read it as level 15 my b.
Yeah read it wrong, still his jungle, adc and support were all basically even, that's 3 allies that may selfishly want to stick in a game because to them, they may still be having fun because they're still learning cause they're relatively even. DM is always of the attitude of, we need a perfect start, we need perfect players, some1's playing weird? f6. I hear of his inhouse horror stories and it baffles me how he looks so much at his team and not himself. He and sol were in different lanes yet their jungler is relatively even, just tells me dm lost lane and sol got picked as a sol. [There was a whole thread about where some people don't f6](https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/7l3wcz/a_look_into_the_mind_of_a_f7_warrior/) Also assuming this is ranked, people may want to tryhard till the very end and that's a respectable character trait, you did everything you could to try and win that.
ResidentSleeperrrrrrrr
Could we get the time played for each match? Gives the stats a bit more credit. If we're to ever really use GPM as a valued stat, it'd be good to know at each stage of the game like all player GPM's at min 5, min 10, min 15, min 20 etc but you'd need to probably get the match id and would be more work.
Reminder that there was free money given to those that participated to spike the org's 'use' from customer to make it look like the site gets more use than it actually does.
And a heavy power buff early on.
I'd say AA cancel if you're boxing, you only ever not AA cancel when an ally is ccing the enemy and they will inevitably escape after and its unsafe or ur unable to follow. Normally I just aa cancel with the 1 and 3, I prefer 3ing first because if the enemy autos, they slow themself down and confirm it for you. Sometimes I just axe&gt;switch&gt;aa&gt;1&gt;aa and that's enough big poke to do while they're stunned which enables me to either disengage where they can't retaliate. Attack speed isn't relevant to aa cancelling. Honestly with experience you'll sort of know when to and not to aa cancel or when to box and not to box with ullr. But generally, use typical combo (and don't for the love of god use ur axe on an already cc'd target, just 1 and 3 them in box stance, if u can use ur 2 before hands, that's even better), save ur axe till after. You wanna aa cancel when u want to maximise total dps, in an exchange of dps, u want to use a lower amount of abilities so ur opponent gets less dmg off so u can disengage so u do higher poke than them i.e. u aa&gt;3&gt;aa&gt;1&gt;aa and they only aa u 2 times, or axe&gt;3&gt;aa&gt;1&gt;aa disengage(alternatively) axe&gt;aa&gt;3&gt;1&gt;aa, enemy gets no dmg off. When you have less points in ur axe (stun) u can can't get as much aa cancels in before ur stun wears off, this may be irrelevant if the enemy isn't in a position to be shooting back
Honestly, barra is full on afk farming, he had jeff farming with him everywhere early game. Perhaps if NRG force jeff out of lane to mid and emilito0 forces barra to fight in lane, he could punish barra for going talaria again? Or perhaps barra just did the build he did because 1, he was on amc and 2 he was vs a low seeded international team?
Is it though, today is patch notes but there's no actual patch.
I never hear people complaining about a burst meta because u can always make room for outplay and kill the burster.
Now they just need to make anhur not a clunky shitfest.
You were banned for using racist terminology not that ur an actual racist.
Try messaging one of the hirez peeps in a reddit message, helped me out.
They did, they revealed their double hunter comp that they've used before (this ain't a strat they've pulled out for swc, they've looked comfortable on it before which could rival elevate), similarly to elevate, wondering why both teams opted for them or maybe they're just trying to warm up with those comps or make other teams think that they'll do the same start/relics with the comp they did in their respective games.
Apparently none of them (aside from yammyn's 100% kill participation) since out of the 4 na/eu teams, it took them 28 mins to close out a set. Although you could argue they had the harder team to go up against.
Majority of it has to do with junglers never seeing the light of day of the duo lane, that and amc has kept getting slight buffs as the years go by till his kit is quite bloated. But amc gets countered by walls, thor has sort of fell out of the meta and since duo isn't seen, u don't see an amc getting ganked by a thor and walling him off from tower or whatever. Adc's have to rotate to GF side jungle and do a lot of camps, amc has hives and 2 ways to clear so can just farm very efficiently, and then has his passive for unrivaled boxing potential.
&gt;No. Some people STOP playing because of trying to be more competitive. Is it an implication? No. Some people play for longer BECAUSE they are not competitive. That's just the most ignorant thing I've read. Look I'm not talking about being more 'tryhard', I'm talking about literally playing in the competitive scene, playing on a team, participating in tournaments, when you form a team you literally create obligations to scrim and practice with ur team, thats proof enough that you will end up having to play more, if you don't play more, ur mechanics fall off and you may lose games, and possibly be replaced so if ur playing competitive, ur goal is to win anyway, so you'll want to play to keep up ur mechanics and prove to other teams that they want to recruit you. I've been talking about how the competitive scene, if u get in it, expands the games life and stating it as fact because you can easily provide some logic reasoning and empirical evidence to support it. You saying, people would play the game more if they don't play competitive is absolute nonsense, if you're playing competitive you can stop at anytime. People originally come to the game to have fun, so you'd think the more fun you'd have, the longer you'd play, so now you're saying competitive isn't fun in a competitive game...0_0 I only provided my own experience which contradicts what you've just replied to me, that not playing competitively, I would've lost interest in the game. Literally think about it this way, you come into smite, you have fun things to do: learn all the gods, learn their abilities, learn matchups, grind ranked to be the best, what's after that? Playing competitive, it's a natural progression that can continue one's interest after they feel like they've completed and experienced everything in the game because playing competitive is a completely unique and dynamic experience.
Same tbh
&gt;You saying, people would play the game more if they don't play competitive is absolute nonsense &gt;Please do not put words in my mouth. That is not what I said. I said nothing about what people WOULD do. I mentioned what people DO do. As in already do. And did. And assumedly, will do again, given that this has been a constant for the past five years. &gt;There exist players who play the game MORE and that do it BECAUSE they are not competitive, and that should they play competitively, they play LESS. This is not a hypothesis, this is not an assumption or conjecture, this is FACT. We saw it before S1 started, we saw it in S1, we saw it in S2, we saw it in S3, we saw it in S4, and I bet we will see it in S5 and the future. Different players play for different things! &gt;This is obvious fact. I cannot see why this is hard to understand! I realise I've been writing a big reply, just to see ur a troll, get some help. And for reference, when I said this: &gt;Literally think about it this way, you come into smite, you have fun things to do: learn all the gods, learn their abilities, learn matchups, grind ranked to be the best, what's after that? Playing competitive, it's a natural progression that can continue one's interest after they feel like they've completed and experienced everything in the game because playing competitive is a completely unique and dynamic experience. For when all the previous steps had been done and you need to find something else that's fun in the game to do. The other step was playing with friends like OP said, but when that wears off, its competitive, you argued competitive does the opposite, or more specifically than you can't prove that had you gone competitive, you wouldn't have played the game just as long as some1 who played the game in another way. Fact is competitive is another aspect of the game. You naturally stop playing a game when theres nothing else to do in it, if you haven't even gotten into competitive then its another experience that can lengthen the lifespan of the game and based on my reasoning of time and effort needed to gain mechanics good enough, forming a team, creating a social contract to participate in scrims, u still can't see that? rofl
Tryna remember release cern, but I'm pretty sure he like ullr, couldn't go in and get a triple kill without aiming without having any counterplay. Cern had a bit too high poke with his 2, boohoo, he still had to sit there and left click for 5 seconds before you died which most characters could disengage from, hes no cc immune ult and has a dash, ares, odin etc counter him, hou yi had a favourable matchup vs him like he wasn't broken compared to shit like bellona. Susano on the otherhand was fucking aids, his whole kit you don't need to aim, his 3 tp'd you further than it did now, just way too much mobility and free damage on him. I'd say release susano was about 5x more broken than ullr is right now. Because susano had so much mobility there wasn't much counterplay, he basically fragged mid laners no matter how well positioned they were. Like the thing people gotta understand here is, ullr get a tiny dmg buff ontop of making his axe quicker, yeah his 2 got buffed but that's besides the reason people are even dying. Ullr hasn't really changed at all, just cause he does 10% more fuckin dmg doesn't make him broken, he's top pick top ban, but that ain't broken, stop throwing the word around.
What about a compilation of all the god's that have 'wow' in their vp.
I'm saying he's very good but not broken like you're making it out to be.
[Scroll down to the change log](https://smite.gamepedia.com/Ullr) The only reason it feels like its harder to dodge is like I said, it's got a faster casting time and you can switch stances faster. It's pretty funny because when they made the change people were complaining that ullr axe was harder and people were missing it all the time, arguing that it was better when you could change direction of it mid axe. Just cause ur top in ur class doesn't mean ur broken, and I've just provided good reasoning as to why the axe isn't any easier to hit for a skilled ullr player or harder to dodge for some1 that is used to facing ullr. If we could all just stop being biased and just look at the facts, his core kit has just had faster animations, low mana costs but the dmg buff was unnecessary. Ullr is just so good right now because he's a very strong early game hunter in an earlygame meta where adcs are required to farm camps outside of their lane a lot which ullr has good clear for that too - and because he has so much early pressure, can stop the enemy from getting their own camps. He's just really strong in the meta, give it a month or so.
Check my profle on guru then, my definition of broken is just different to yours or most of the people on this reddit that's replying. He needs nerfed but he hasn't changed substantially. Like to fix him its just mana costs and reducing some of his base damage which could incentivise people having to pickup trans on him again in s5, its simple tweaks that can fix him. Tbh reducing his cooldowns could harm him a lot so he really has to focus clear or saving it for tryna kill some1.
Not sure if this is entirely accurate, did a statistical methods module at uni and was complicated af. You said to match 2 gods would be 3/92 and 2/91, why not 2/92 and 1/91? Why do the gods have different chances, wouldn't it not also be like 1/92, 1/91, and 1/90? There's a reason i dropped out of stats as an optional module, because it complicates statistics more than you think it does.
Looks more accurate than /u/aghostecho 's, it's like if I have a bag of 2 balls, 1 is white, 1 is black, going into a stats lecture im like, well the chance is obviously 50/50, and then b4 you know it the lecturer puts up some complicated formula that makes it way more difficult than it is. (obviously the chance is 50/50 but it feels that way for a lot of the exercises)
That's assuming all 3 players want to pick solely from those 3 gods though...I've no idea lol But thnx for tryna give insight.
So would it be the chance of team 1 choosing the comp is simple because it may as well be any 3 gods from the godpool but the opposing team matching their comp is way smaller then?
Explanation makes sense.
Camazotz, ravana, hou yi just from the top of my head I can remember constantly being picked at some points which was never when they originally came out.
Basically at the mid camps I think, his mid laner was about to get discordia ulted and he body blocked it. I can't remember how he body blocked it, but he must've jumped in front of it.
Requires too much IQ for an avid reddit user like me lets be fair, but thnx.
The wave never actually went through sobek tho, they travelled at the same speed and both 'dashed' at the same time.
SPOILERS Edit: Why the hell is the subreddits flair at the top showing which teams remain anyway? That's also spoiling in itself. What's next, showing eunited or rival that they've won?
The point is, the first part of ur comment is void since he's only immunity frames on the pluck, he didn't pluck anything. It was just he bo and sobek dashing at the same time. It might be he bo ult being wonky as you say, or the ult never actually, 'hit' him, or latency possibly.
"Scream ma ma ma ma ma!" lmao
He's way more than zeus dmg.
They played too far back in a favourable matchup vs discordia, they couldve gone on her off cd.
Because the tourney is in 'merica and it was NA vs EU. Because U.S.A. just so happens to be quite pleasing to the ear to chant. Because NA hasn't won swc the last 2 years.
You can legit do the same with raijin with just build spear of the magus and do the same.
[Update:](https://twitter.com/HiRezCooper/status/950197195084582912)
I'd agree but at the same time, Hi-rez have done dreamhack once at sweden and again at valencia, spain, so all in all Hi-rez have given both fans something to cheer about splitting up an event for eu in summer an an event in NA for swc, albeit 1 is much bigger than the other. I highly doubt we could make summer dreamhack as big as the actual swc but in a perfect world you could do similar prizepools so not everything is banked on 1 or the other venue and it means that whilst coke theatres are frigging awesome and was a blast to watch dreamhack at in EU, whilst NA get to watch SWC from their theatres, we don't feel like 1 is entirely better than the other. - also people would end up...again compaining that 'hur dur swc prizepool lowers every year!' when possibly by doing this and making the eu dreamhack bigger, you could have had more audience travelling and spending that dough ontop of hirez just generally increasing the amount of money they spend on their esports in smite year on year. All in all, Hi-rez have spent time making their own venue at atlanta, they did create another studio in manchester afaik but thats unlikely to have its own venue and I doubt it would have the impact needed for ausies or asian players where its not as close as it could be to them.
They've heavily invested in CC this season, so what they've pulled 2 spots from SPL now to CC so theres equal teams, 6 and 6. I'd rather see free agency periods per split or it'll be hell tryna get fresh talent or perhaps it'll help talent since orgs may have more power to change rosters than any captains - though this may just be for SPL. They increased the prizings of CC by 300% afaik and will have hirez casters cast the CC games along with better production and better scheduling of CC, so every1s not gonna just watch SPL, more people will watch SPL and CC together. I hope its better this season and not a detriment cause I was tryna get into CC myself as I've been playing in combine and unofficial tournaments for a year now and am looking to get back into the #grind.
4 mins might be a long time because u keep doing as u say, taking breaks and until you keep consistently playing and playing in peak hours, will matchmaking be better for you, till then you should just take advantage that if the system things ur shite as of the moment, and puts u with teammates who are also shite, ur enemies will too, so go stomp some noobs till ur elo increases and u get better matches like i said. Honestly go play 3v3, siege or clash, they are 10x more fun than arena ever will be. tl:dr can't blame mm when it can't detect how good u r when u don't play the game consistently!
Think he also got it at 1 point to deal with ullr in lane to match his early.
1: Enemy was likely not to build thorns. 2: When they did build thorns he could just swap out his build. 3: He went poison star and wind demon which just helps u position and stick to enemies, confirming multiple autos off in a fight before he finishes his build with a deathbringer for triple crit.
LANs every split, oh and I'm pretty sure theres gonna be LAN's possibly for CC too?
Unlike LoL, smite is easier to learn, from a 3rd person u can really tell the difference between a lot of abilities, pantheons help u identify actual gods easier and being based on mythology is really interesting, it gives the characters great personalities and areas for inspiration, with so many gods come so many characters. As I said, its just super easy to pick up and play, having to aim makes it very rewarding, ur not worried about 'learning' stuff, u just play the game, hit ur stuff and have fun. Imo sometimes reading god abilities in q can be fun, I'd recommend sticking to a few gods, modes such as 3v3 joust help u learn enemy and ally gods ontop of the god ur actually playing easier since its a smaller environment and isn't as chaotic.
I'd like to think so, we've had orgs for cc teams so far and that was with no confirmed retainmentship of players and they had their own contracts. So unless theres new regulations on how CC teams are sponsored or who enters/leaves CC, we may need to wait to find out.
Well her ultimate has to be charged firstly to increase its damage, but its probably the most counterable ult in the game for the simple fact that you require vision of your enemy and you're reliant on them being alone. Her ultimate can be blocked, enemies can see their allies being targeted by said ult and run to the direction of it to 'tank' it. So in arena many people can bodyblock nieth ult for an ally that is low healthed, but in a mode in conquest where the map is large and every1 is spread out, her ult can be very useful as a global ult to hit an enemy across the map, stunning them, helping your ally out in a 1v1, you require your ally to be near the enemy to provide vision to you of course. tl:dr Her ult can be blocked, is better in large maps where people are less likely to block it.
All I have to do is play smite to be reported for hacking. Now imagine me and the partied tyr double fearlessing enemies to each other where the chain just never stops lmao.
&lt;3 Was planning on a montage but eh, I just haven't good enough clips cause I don't play the game xd. Will stream after this saturday daily probably ranked which is a 1st.
Pretty sure she was confirmed next have the remodel.
Just to add to this, for every1 to know, hinduman said the thing saying all the orgs being announced at swc was an error, they will announce 2 orgs every week then on iirc?
Hi-rez care about smite, it just is that the creator/s of hirez have always had a business practice of continually creating games and it seems that they take whats popular now and what the big new found genres and add Hi-rez' spin on it. Hi-rez never take themselves too seriously so they're more interlinked with their community, it means they speak to the community a lot and act like what the community might do which means they may also communicate some things people would frown upon but that's because they're not 'business correct'. Basically Hi-rez aren't money-driven assholes, they just try to innovate ontop of the newly created genre of games, they reserve budgets for each of their games, try to grow those games as best they can, the games are all free 2 play and they've strived to interlink esports with each of their games as they've seen the success it can create which furthers the community within those games at the same time. Can't speak for LoL cause I hated their game which is the only 1 I know of.
ORGS won't shake, team ROSTERS may, you seem to have them confused, unless ur tryna make a different point.
If orgs try to get the best players possible, it could be good and bad. Some teams excel due to synergy, their individual play may be bad, if thats so, they may be replaced by some1 who has better individual play, but worse synergy which may harm the team's performance and degrade a team. Some teams may have players that just dreamed of being on teams together and wouldn't wanna play competitive without playing with their favourite partners, like imagine barra and jeff being split apart, do you think they'd perform as well with a different adc/support? you think they'll still like/want/accept the contract to be moved to a new team? In my opinion if theres constant roster shakeups, potentially it ends up in being all about high individual play and less on team strategies/synergy. Players that rely on partnering players may lose interest in competitive (barra/jeff concept). Teams that end up having shit players as captains may be no more which may be beneficial potentially to help the rest of the team grow. Players may be more motivated to play better or risk losing their spot as they're less reliant on having a fun laugh. Potentially scrims are too serious and their performance in scrims may be measured unfairly? - possible if the org is paying em their salaries - i.e. rip dig funny moment scrim clips.
Yeah the potentially good point is player attitudes towards competitive being more tryhard. However this may dissuade some talent from players that are of the highest level, but gain from having fun over a paid wage. If you took DJpern for example, he may have played smite competitive for the fun, if scrims etc ended up being full tryhard and it was hard to feel the fun, then he may not want the pay the org gives him when he could get pay as a doctor and the 'fun' of saving peoples lives (opportunity cost and all that).
pros didn't show us how to shut him down what r u on about. He has the highest clear, 1 of the highest scalings on a mage, incredibly poke lategame with his 2, cc immunity, jump and multiple forms of CC is too good. The way to address raijin is his scalings, they are far too high and imo he really should get a range reduction on his 1.
Sometimes it can be just matchmaking he's frustrated at. If he's explaining what some1 did wrong use that as a learning point but take it with a grain of salt, he's just an emotional player which is so common you can't fault him when it shapes the majority of people into competition in the first place.
So basically old masamune where it did more damage the more the enemy had more hp than you.
Wanna know the definition of tilt? Starting an assault game where ur teammates run as fast as they can to the lane to start an outnumbered teamfight, die and give the enemy a lead before minions even spawn. Like do I really have to say the obvious every game to prevent this from happening? #EVERY TIME
&gt;Why do people give up so easily? Xing tian daddy, is that you?
Eh, its alright, he fucked up the start by not timing ult to immune osiris tether. Basically the dream scenario to use ur kit with as anhur v an ullr.
&gt;Dukesloth I've been watching your vids Dukesloth was the problem. Dukesloth confirmed to be brainwashing his viewers into leaving smite /s [On a serious note, I seen a clip of some guy with no hands playing xbox](https://twitter.com/NoHandedGamer/status/952333151820500993) Potentially you might still be able to play games, so keep your chin up!
The fuck are you building thats making you deal so little damage? Nah like seriously, any idea what ur build was?
When you ulted they were all affected by vanus' 2 with the lotus crown, if he had heartward too that might've been a big reason why you didn't do as much dmg as I'd have imagined. Aura prots OP.
I wouldn't have known skadi had mantle. Normally when a raijin hits 4 shots of his ult it'll delete a carry and heavily damage tanks. I think maybe cause you went spear of magus with little else additional pen vs sylvanus prots and the skadi going prots too is maybe the reason for you doing less damage than I would expect.
Kinda irrelevant post with the new changes to season 5 map. Voice your concern for whenever we test the pts this wednesday. I'm really intrigued as to mid lane now, camps spawning faster means junglers won't be much of a threat anymore as they'll be doing camps, mid laners have the opportunity to 1v1 each other so it may be good to poke the opponent and you may also have to think about mages that have lower cd's/multiple clearing tools to clear waves in mid and take camps all the time e.g. vulcan turret or he bo 1 cd bringing him some relevance? Imo bumbas mask can impact who gets a lot of farm, it could be that supports may get it and almost act like a secondary jungler but this would be more favourable to high clear supports like athena, ymir or kuzenbo. But basically ur right, adc's get a lot of levels, its not just because they get a lot of farm, its the fact that there's so much attention in mid, I've seen games where its literally 24/7 fighting in mid and nobody is actually farming for 5 mins but me.
A duo q adc/support starting in duo lane can pretty much carry a game on its own.
&gt;When you rotate mid as a level 18 anhur and ult, but ur level doesn't matter because you can't land even 30% of ur ult anyway...still kills the enemy mid :)
Thing is, people don't take the opportunity to see the full picture, if you saw rival at worlds they literally gave up the fg side jungle at 1 point and their jungler was taking red buff, ur basically going even in trade, gf side buffs for fg buffs and ur jungler/solo doesn't have to be threatened by having to contest fg side buffs if they've a worse earlygame matchup.
Aye but a duo q adc/support starting lane you'd assume you can just body the lane, invade buffs off cd and get the adc super big. Step 1: Pick sylvanus. Step 2: Start in lane Step 3: Frag and invade buffs. Step 4: Go to reddit to see, 'im so sick of adcs being level 18 when everybody else is 14', realise this is OP strat, rinse and repeat. Thing with the other roles is they fight too often and around stuff thats contested a lot. Whereas around gf, the enemy jungler isn't really around there, if ur duo is ahead, not only can they invade, not only can ur adc get double lifesteal and get fat enough that they're unkillable mid game, but you can also get GF's off it for free too helping the rest of ur team vs a solo/jungler getting a blue buff from the enemy who don't even push towers, big whoop.
It's competitive, ur not 'missing camps' because u can't get there in time, u should already know where to be at what time on the map. Advantage of red over speed is if the 2 junglers meet, the 1 with red may be able to win in dps so if there's only 1 camp to contest, its arguable that the 1 with red may win as they have more pressure through damage. I said it's competitive in that scenario, but seeing as I'm recommending you do it in ranked or something, I guess it'd only really work with people who've got competitive experience or actually know how to play the map well and you all agree to do this strat.
It's not every possible tip just so you know, if you've anymore tips feel free to share. This is based off playing around combine level and pretty much scrimming and playing unoffical tourneys from all last season. Some things I left out was how trying out too many jank picks isn't a good idea, not only are off-meta picks harder to lane or whatever, but its harder to gauge the performance of a particular pick when there's another impacting it, only where 2 off-meta picks collaborate well together should they be done. If there's crucial mistakes during the game don't debate or argue over it, talk about it after the game, you'll only clog comms for the rest of the match with useless info, unless it's something like mentioning a correction thats to be made, thats fine.
Yes, you can all stop upvoting this now, they said it'll be done this season. Asking about it isn't gonna make it come any faster.
Yeah handy for the full gold MOTD's, buy wards/chalices to fill ur slots then spam on the hp/multi/mana/3k/500 power pots to make buying way faster, also you ignore the consuming pot cooldown that can happen.
He's really not that bad in 1v1. Like his 2 and ult just do tons of dmg, he's also magical so can utilise poly, dot affects to apply items, heal to apply items, he just has a lot of options for builds and has high scaling hence, still decent in a 1v1.
Imo probably xbal, for the simple fact that he's a hunter, he's terrible early, has difficulty clearing and since he wants to use his 1 for high power, will likely go into crit which you can counter with nemean/thorns very easily. You can juke his autos if ur kit is just ability based so you just use abilities then juke till they're up, like hunters are so easily played against in a 1 on 1. Like if he had (instant) cc immunity through an ult or something, didn't have a dash but a jump and had burst damage, he'd be good, because those are harder to play against, but cause that's not the case, you can just ignore him, burst him, build against him, pretty much everything.
Kumba, your go to when you wanna go full dmg and blink&gt;sunder&gt;ult&gt;1 a carry.
I mean pen with soul reaver my b, getting a little excited but its the general idea.
More impressed that he was able to perfectly time that than anything.
On ymir multiply than by 50 where all ur abilities get interrupted.
Rolling seems slower.
Potentially, it'd make people have use their clearing ability twice, or rely moreso on autos which would more equalise both lower and higher clear gods.And yes, they did say minions would be tankier. There's an element that they may want people to stay in lane longer whilst the jungler clears camps but as for picks, the mid/duo lane may become meta to have high clear gods as you say so they can clear the faster spawning camps too.
Actually, he said that after he established himself as the most dankest rama (pre marvalz time), where he just completely fucked people on rama, hit the most amazing snipes every time. Which is why people were scratching their heads as to why he'd want to change role to mid when he did so well on adc. S4 came around and he went back to adc, I've not heard anything about him changing roles this season though.
So this loki playstyle is about killing tanks/snowballing early vs ur opponent, not killing squishies safely?
Only thing they could do is reduce the cast time of agni ult where he roots himself, sort of like what they did to make ullr feel faster.
Ik that now after I watched it back, thought the reaction was funny ok nvm bye.
This reminds me of the time prettyprime almost solo'd the portal demon but died when it had like 1 hp left.
[Wtf is up with THAT 1 rock near mid, order sides rock is larger than chaos'](https://images-ext-1.discordapp.net/external/bBIA2Alx695s6JbfvGmlRDRtE4IQw76M1t71bXe-Kjc/https/image.prntscr.com/image/w7MfcKfHSWaokY4hIz2zLw.png) (meant to be symmetrical map)
They showed janus' icon among the gods being buffed, he wasn't 1 of the ones buffed in MS and over the individual gods buffed he isn't there, soooo what changed? Edit: Kuzenbo and ao kuang weren't showed their changes either.
Yeah basically every single mage got magical prot buffs aside from gods like hades, zhong and freya. And a lot of mages got MS buff increases by 5 from 350 to 355.
Why can't we sell starters, is it intended that we start with starters and can't sell them anymore? What happened to build diversity?
(on low settings dunno about other settings). If you approach the fg from furthest away line of sight and gradually come closer, the fg structures (environment) goes all fuzzy.
(Ignore what I replied with, except last 2 lines) Geb and spectral passive only affect BONUS crit damage, theres the normal basic attack dmg and then added onto that is the crit dmg. To think you'll deal 25% less damage with a crit than a normal auto, is just a bad reading of tooltips. All we need to know is what has priority, geb passive or spectral passive first, which again only affects the bonus damage a crit does, its not the total amounts. Turns out that the priority doesn't matter. I.e. the way the game currently is, if i have autos of 100 but I crit, people used to say, I critted for 200. Well the crit is actually just 100 bonus dmg added to ur 100 normal basic attack. Assuming geb passive prioritises first, its the 100 bonus x 0.25 = 25 dmg, and then spectal to result in (25 x 0.5 = 12.5) (rounded up) 13 dmg i.e. total damage with a crit = 100 + 13 = 113. Assuming spectral passive prioritises first, its 100 bonus x 0.5 = 50, and then geb passive to result in (50 x 0.25) = 12.5, so if its rounded up, it'll equal 100 + 13 = 113 anyway. Tl:dr whether or not geb or spectral has priority, it'll be 12.5%. If my basic attack power is 100 and I crit a geb with spectral I'll hit for 113. Edit: Seems I misunderstood ur comment and u meant values affecting crit is additive, so yeah you might have a point but I mean when you have over 100% antiheal its not like the healing turns into dmg, so it might just reduce the bonus crit dmg to 0 and not past it. Also this might shed some light on it: https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/7rcmgf/season_5_developer_qa/dsvxgao/ Perhaps geb is multiplicative whereas spectral is substrative/ So if you have deathbringer vs a geb with spectral its 125% - 50% = 75%, and then maybe 75% x 0.25? in bonus dmg
12.5%, math in reply to some1 else in response to you.
They mentioned they stopped customs to improve servers for queued modes, perhaps it's just temporary.
In reality it's quite a jukable ability, seemed like they weren't really paying attention considering a good handful were near max range of it and didn't back off.
You do nice work, but for me personally I'd choose art styles like the current morrigan card over anything you would do. Yours is sort of 'realistic' look, which just isn't as fappable as a purely animated 'airbrushed' look if you know what I mean.
Can you explain this a bit? https://imgur.com/a/xhTnv So I've a video file which includes audio, but when I open it in shotcut it comes up the first image, similar to what u were saying that there were missing files which is basically the same file name but with .mp4 instead of .mlt which I don't have. If I just ignore it and press ok I get the 2nd image, where I can see the length of the clip and the starting and ending thumbnails but when I play it, there's no video or audio... You said something about removing the directory but this is pretty much PC alien language to me so I'm not exactly sure what u mean? I can open the MLT file in a wordpad though. Also this used shotcut 17.09.04, I've since updated it to the latest 1.
&gt;It does less damage than you would do if you just mashed all your other abilities. That's enough internet for today.
Must be playing fuckin omnipotence lmfao
Well he can instantly clear wave at level 1 with tier 2 bancrofts, tier 2 bancrofts obviously got buffed in pts to give 100 mana, so I like to run tier 2 bancrofts for my start, a multi pot and a mana pot, do mid wave, insta clear it, then invade enemy red. hit level 2 and have red and do whatever else after that. The new typhons fang allows you to lifesteal more, it basically ignores the lifesteal cap which anubis will hit with the LS from bancrofts and typhons (which u should build together). New book of the dead is amazing on him since it gives u the shield when ur low rather than stacking it up. BotD is great on any1, but its more so great on anubis because u often get bursted during ur 1 or ult because when playing anubis u can't run, u have to stay and fight. Ob shard is less good vs squishies, spear of deso is dead as its pen was reduced, spear of magus has been given more relevance cause of this and anubis being DoT uses it quite well. So yeah anubis will go up the tierlist I think, he's actually got quite low cds lategame, has tons of dmg which rod has been removed from the game, giving him more relevancy too. Also sort of like how this season hunters got so fed and went double lifesteal it was even harder to kill them, well mid laners get a lot of farm in the new season so having lifesteal makes it hard to kill em when they're so fed. Did I mention how going into gem of iso isn't as costly anymore since u don't need rod?
I wonder if artemis gets red crits like in warframe.
You realise with ullr and hou yi, they have such high skillshots, every match feels new. If you play apollo ur just gonna do the same thing. Why else do you think marvalz like rama sniping people. I also think u feel that people legit grind these gods in 2 days, they just have way more gametime than you, so of course they play other gods, thing is, if they play a lot of conquest and you specifically play a particular role and their fav pick is a top pick, they'll be playing it a lot.
Nieth does near 400 with her 1, ur point?
One of the reasons you don't box him at all, I mean he already does tons of bees damage.
I didn't compare her entire kit to him, he just said ullr 1 doing 300 damage is bad lmao. Most hunters with trans would deal the same damage from an ability.
I'll probably write an article within the next month or 2 from a competitive POV.
Ullr has always done that dmg before his kit buffs in s4. They gave him a 10% scaling buff, big whoop, its near unnoticeable, but imo a little unnecessary so yeah they should imo remove it. But ur complaint of his big damage isn't cause of his buffs, its cause for the first time, ur seeing people build him with trans instead of devos because trans got cdr added to it and people are building it more.
&gt;ALL Smite patches are delayed at least a week from their PC counterparts. I want to emphasize that I understand that all games that are on both PC and console have a delay because of Sony and Microsoft's content scanning and restrictions, but there is no way to convince me that there is no negligence on HiRez's part for the huge delays that no other game has. This isn't even an argument, fucking warframe patches are like months longer delays before they come to console.
It's most likely that because on PTS people get more gold than the rate at which they gain levels comparatively to S4. People everywhere are getting bursted, it can be a little frustrating but still fun because any1 can outplay each other. They'll most likely adjust how much gold and xp get so people aren't stuck at such low levels whilst having a lot of items.
That's why u play ullr mid, the lane's bigger, ur harder to get ganked and can kill the enemy mid if they try to approach the wave. Actually loving hunters in s5 mid.
He also ended up doing low damage because of his mana costs which were fixed so people could be more spammy. He was a hard god to play and a lot of gods require you to learn mana management, which ullr had both aspects so its not a surprise, not that ullr was actually doing the lowest damage at the higher levels of play, but at lower levels of play its definitely likely to be a reality.
I don't see why we can't have 3x explosion damage if we hit all 3 minions with her 3, if you hit all 3 minions it acts as if u only blew up 1. Like sure they can adjust the scalings and damage per explosion, I mean it should basically be ah puch corpse explosion right?
But if ur vs anubis proceed to cry. If vs raijin tier 2 book, also proceed to cry as their level 1 clear is disgusting. Have you tried hunters blessing, upgraded sprint and a health chalice? Have you tried rushing hastened with some pots into stone cutting?
Tried this vs vulcan, cleared wave, did mids, he outpushed me at the 2nd wave? Also I think its better to invade enemy red if you heavily outclear, anubis is better at farming the map than baka and cause camps are so squishy its hard to invade buffs that are contested cause u have to get the buff camp to be under half which is like 150 hp and so easily to be secured by an enemy contesting.
The crusher is really inconsistent. It's proccing twice on bastet's 2, which bastet 2 has 4 ticks, either proc 4 times or only once.
Thank you for the explanation!
I ain't even using the passive, and I wasn't using mages blessing either, just trans into boots then crusher. It just seems inconsistent between mages blessing, the crusher and other stuff that's meant to proc on an ability when we have so many different ticking and pulsing abilities that are ignoring standard rules.
This has got to be the greatest humiliation of all time.
We'll go back to wanting to smash our heads off the desks from idiot supports getting killed because they unnecessarily tank damage and say, 'im helping' while putting your enemy ahead.
Yeah that's what I'm saying, we're gonna go back to where you're gonna hate playing adc or support cause you're reliant on your rando partner being competent.
How is the former extremely uncommon? Support is 1 of the hardest roles, hence why you get so many that dunno wtf they're doing in it. Adc is really basic and its harder to be shit at it. Ignore that I'm specifically blamming supports for a second here, my point was we're going back to a duo lane, where your success is solely reliant on your partner being competent which can be frustrating. If you're laning with some1 you know, it'll be fun! But with a randomer, it's gonna be hell. Like I get that this is reddit, and you're all highly bias towards supports and everything, but supports typically are just the most likely to die in duo than the adc, the enemy support has traditionally always been the focus from the enemy duo because often they don't have an escape, they're fat and can get body blocked, and they don't have beads/aegis.
I'm talking about when the enemy duo has outcleared you and ur support instead of running towards tower, tries to ymir 2 it to clear and kills himself, or takes unnecessary archer damage from slowing the waves advance, all whilst being pelted at by the enemy duo. Supports just generally, maybe more so in the lower levels or at casual play, get themselves in poor positions and they don't have beads/aegis to get themselves out, so typically die. Like you just literally made up a scenario in your head and made as if I need to learn something that I didn't know. You said I should be trading if my support is taking damage from the enemy adc, firstly that's a misplay from the enemy adc when they should be clearing, secondly typically when 1 of the laning partners have put themselves out of position (igoring this scenario where the wave are both met), they offer no advantage and are just wasting ones health, causing you to lose pressure. Like I can't trade blows if my support is outta position and I'm behind him and can't reach their adc/support. Stop praising bad play just because of bias towards a role, the specific role is irrelevant, my point is, we're gonna be reliant on a partner, which sucks in casuals if they're bad as it heavily influences your performance that game since they directly help your opponent get fed if they misplay.
When he drinks potions, "Mmmm, vitamins" lol
Basically chiron, ullr, hou yi, maybe medusa too, you know, the ability based hunters.
The crusher works better when ur building a lot of damage, say way you don't wanna get hydras or heartseeker if ur building a bunch of defence. Also it shouldn't proc multiple times from 1 ability, currently its inconsistent so will be more fluid come live.
Agni's a great 1v1 brawler anyway so his popularity should spike, or rather his viability since u can poke out ur enemy mid and force them to back, especially when bumbas has practically been taken out of the game comparatively to s4, so poking your opponent has a ton of relevance.
Literally copy and pasta'd it, even the end.
13 mins then you can prob figure out that the servers are down or something. Maybe if its 3v3 joust it could explain that q time. But on PC, u just q and tab out to do something else, ur not really waiting.
It should proc 3 times, 1 for each shackle me thinks, seeing as each of his chains are classed as different abilities, this is different to thoth's 1 which is a pulsing ability.
Well more so because it procced multiple times on his 3 which should only proc once for the duration of the 3 and his 1 should've only procced once since its a pulse but didn't. Ares shackles are entirely different abilities, its like playing guan yu in omni and constantly dashing, u basically just get ur cd reset, not that ares 1 is meant to fire 3 times.
Just his general kit whenever he goes to 100-0 some1 involves him 2&gt;4&gt;1ing some1. Course u should be building him AA, im just saying he's got a fun and interesting bounce ability which makes his gameplay have some variety, if a hunter is mainly AA focused around everything, they tend to be more boring like apollo imo. Abilities are fun skillshots to hit, aa's are aa's, its more fun to land an ability than an auto and hou yi does a lot of damage from his abilities which is why I 'classed' him as 1, not that he's like nieth where is reliant on those abilities.
Zhong kui, except its a skin for him called zhong que?
Can play outside of EU but the games will be played on EU servers.
Of course.
Executioner and stone cutting sword is all you need on nem for pen. Also nem ult gets added onto executioner, there is no DR, don't worry about that, i.e. if you're shredding some1 with executioner the nem ult will shred the full amount of prots as if you hadn't hit em with executioner, when you actually have.
Jotunns is shit on nem imo, she doesn't really need cdr, not to mention its expensive for a bad powerspike.
Ye well in the mid game ur just gonna be shitting on people without ult anyway, so the idea is to speed up ur build for a better non-ult build like with boots&gt;stone cutting&gt;hastened&gt;executioner or whatever (these 4 items not necessarily in that order), then lategame u just get quin sais and whatever else last item.
hence why I said QOL change, literally after i posted this, the very game after, some1 else did the exact same thing and bought tp too then quit on pts.
[E-staff is magical dmg on live client](https://smite.gamepedia.com/Ethereal_Staff) The old e-staff, it was only meant to be soul reaver thats true dmg, when they changed it, they accidentally made it true.
The hosts read them out, not the people who make the balance changes, also its easy to forget if e-staff does mag or true damage.
Yes but this is ajax we're talking about, a 3v3 joust main.
For most, athena ulting from base towards an ally across the map, only for it to be intercepted by a teammate walking out of fountain is pretty high up there.
I mean at least then you tried to give em dmg reduction, potentially you force em to use extra resources to avoid you coming down and doing ult damage or going on a squishy and killing them after. So an ally ur ulting who then dies could be the difference between the enemy using 1 ult and 2 ults.
It's a MOBA its so highly susceptible to players being frustrated whether it be with the game or players, most often you could say is they're prob taking out their frustration of the game onto players. It's just players voicing their negative feelings and they're given the opportunity to voice that especially on PC with text chat, I mean we've all seen youtube console war arguments, how could you not see this is a habit amongst quite a high population of internet users. I've always wondered why a chat block instead of banning hasn't ever been implemented. Rather than banning some1 where lets assume they don't play on an alt, never practice playing more positively to learn how to push away from bad habits. If some1 has been reported 3 times for harassment in 3 days, give em a chat block almost like a 24 hour booster, where they can't type in chat, you can do other penalties like revoking their right to play ranked for that 24 hr period too. But basically penalties needn't scale, I get people have the idea that we must 'exclude' 'bad mannered players' but people vary, smites a MOBA, no other game really has a punishment system like this, for gamers growing up since they were a game, to hop onto a MOBA and be perfectly nice if they had prior experience shouting at a screen when they die....don't expect them to adapt quickly from a ban like it is now lmao Long-term bans are dumb as hell and shouldn't be in any game,especially free to play games where people can spend £'000s. Like I said before, rather than banning some1 if they harass, just stop them from typing in chat or/and figure out how to limit their vgs. If we had a chat block/vgs limit, you could actually teach harassers not to take the game so seriously and spend half the match typing, to be more positive, to just 'deal' with circumstances that might be shit or due to misplays. Tl:dr saying 'i hope x player gets banned' doesn't do anything, bans are flawed, people can make alts, block their use of communication temporarily so they LEARN not to communicate their negative feelings given the opportunity.
&gt;Edit 2 - For those interested, Doc's name does not appear in my recently played games list next to the God he was playing. I'm assuming this means he was banned. The player just has his profile hidden which you can do from the profile page. It stops people from searching you up/viewing ur profile and ur name is blanked out in match history. If you just played a game with some1 who's got a profile hidden, you can go to the friends list tab and go to recently played, their god icon should be there with the option to report/block.
So you're saying it doesn't matter if you get a kill or assist now, it doesn't benefit you anymore as the killer than the person who got an assist?
Snowballing is a lot less harmful this season, it's fantastic, since they introduced scaling gold/xp you can get back into the game quicker, also games reach lategame faster so it doesn't feel like ur behind for very long before ur even. At one point in the PTS in its early stages the scaling was so much that it was anti snowballing and nobody could ever get behind, they've since altered some of the xp/gold scalings in the hotfixes so it seems really good right now. I've been enjoying the hell outta pts, gonna be my favourite season so far, early snowball is nowhere near as harsh as it is now thanks to scaling gold/xp from camps, also camps are squishier early and spawn faster so you can still farm something if you cleared wave and have nothing else to do - allows low clear mids and supports to still be able to find xp alone early too.
It's not automated, you'll never get banned even if you got 10000s of reports if they're all bogus, reports have to be looked at by some1 from hirez to have the 'ok' from the reviewer to take any action - which action is only based off a severe case or multiple cases made note of beforehand. The only thing a lot of reports can do is reduce ur goodwill to 0%, (the factor for earning favour) which doesn't really do anything but be an inconvenience for non-god pack users.
Talaria mp5 will be great for physicals, they lack mp5 from items, also assassins find it tough in assault, by having a pair of boots with more ms they can engage with their kit and back out easier. Void shield got buffed so maybe a good option for hybrid assassins or warriors. (not to do with a start but just an item in general). Oh who am I kidding, blackthorn hammer is busted in assault for physicals, pick it up on literally any1 physical, imma blow my kit as ullr and guan forever.
They're probably junglers or supports. If you don't focus on farm when jungling and try killing people you'll very quickly see ur level difference between you and the mid laners. As for supports, they'll be working out how best to farm, when to rotate so its a max between people understand how to farm within their roles, 'primarily jungle/support, maybe for mids to not split shit with the jungler and vice versa'. I've mained mid and adc for quite a while, but I've been having a blast jungling, know how best tos do my start build on my select godpool and what route to take, just last night I decided what if I deny the enemy jungler farm, I was like level 2 with the enemy jungler and the mids were level 4-5 xd. Like the xp camps between blue and speed are useless, mids give a lot of xp, same for buff camps, so I prefer going from speed&gt;blue&gt;mids&gt;xp camp&gt;cross between tier 2 and tier 1 to red/xp camp, back go to speed and repeat route. On pts the range between skill/experience of players matched varies a lot, its prob just 1 side of players knowing what to do/farm efficiently vs a team who's no idea on the new map.
Anti snowballing is where people would all be even and there'd be no reward for winning a teamfight and getting a GF. Snowballing is where if you get behind, people complain that they can't ever get back into the game. It was an overreaction from people on snowball due to their ignorance on the new map, not an overreaction on anti snowball.
Is this in datamining or something? This is good news.
Link to its image compared to tp would be nice, this must've been a hotfix today cause this is what has been happening on pts...
On pts I had a whole team farming a fully dc'd enemy team in fountain, I had like 70 kills and only moved like 2-3 levels, meanwhile our bastet was just farming normally around the map and leveled like 10 times to hit max level. Could be if there's a high level difference you just stop getting xp, just primarily a bit of gold. We obviously did it 'for science' you know.
They're both oval objects that are blue and right beside each other in the relic category. If I said this was happening all the time on pts, idk what relevance telling me they changed it had anything to do with stopping people from buying tp, cause it clearly hasn't done that, my point still stands I guess.
Early/mid you might wanna 2&gt;1. Lategame you're like an assassin and will need to find a pick onto an enemy alone which can be risky. So because if u 2&gt;1 it has a delay on it which gives ur opponent time to react before u stun them you do this: You enter invis with ur 3 and immediately hit ur 1, this gets rid of the loud audio q when u start ur invis far from the enemy so they don't hear, then you just go up to an enemy, and left click to stun them and there's no sound other than hitting them, with poly you will basic them and then 2. If this doesn't kill them, or you suspect it won't, you can ult after this combo and hit em with an ability, using quick or insta cast can help you ult instantaneously so you can combo seamlessly. I guess situationally id you know you can get ur 2&gt;1 off after ur invis go for it, cause then you aren't reliant on ulting to hit the enemy with an ability to proc the 2nd dmg from ur 2.
&gt;Death's Toll will not exist in the new season because starter items have been replaced by blessings. That means hunters that have horrible clear and bad mana game in lane will suffer due to the need to burn more mana to clear than usual. Nope, 10 mp5 is really strong, the thing with deaths toll, is that you have to be hitting something to get mana back. Alphajackal (coach for rival) has talked about how hunters blessing for the most part is better if ur mana hungry than getting mages blessing - since mages is only 2.5% every 10% mana thats missing, you'd need to be under 60% of ur mana to get the same mp5 as hunters would provide. Like your argument for xbal isn't strong when before you got 3 mana back per auto where at rank 1 of his 1 it costs 3 mana and thats if u hit something. With hunters blessing ur getting at least 2 mana back every second, early game thats 2 mana per auto since ur AS will be lower than 1 anyway and when theres rotating or waiting for the next wave you'd get a hell of a lot more mana back than the extra 1 from deaths toll that it'd give you. The problem with ur post (ignoring art or xbal's mana problems, which is mainly xbal's 1 being outdated) is you seem to not have even tested on pts whether this argument ur giving is reality and secondly the comparison of deaths toll to hunters was poor in terms of which is superior for mana regen, which I should've shown, hunters blessing is better.
So um, are they adding in the non conquest blessings?
It's given to you and ur team if you participate in a competitive match and morrigan bugs out with her ult /s
For obsidian shard, if you only get 20% pen from it, your enemy at max, will have 40 magical protections, providing only 8 penetration. To get around 15 pen from obsidian shard, your enemy must have 62 prots (15 being the norm for flat pen items). For titans bane, if your enemy has 65 prots, you'll get 20% pen, equating to 13 pen. So to get 15 pen from titans bane, your opponent must have 70 prots or over.
Yeah I'm pretty sure I fucked up, theres no way 5.5 and 5.4 can be that close. Now I'm confused how I even worked it out in the first place lmao
In short: To get around 15 pen from obsidian shard, your enemy must have 62 prots (15 being the norm for flat pen items, you get 24% from ob shard). To get 15 pen from titans bane, your opponent must have 70 prots or over (you get 21% phys pen). For e-staff it scales up from 3% of their max hp as dmg up to 10%, and requires the enemy be above 2000 hp capping at 2750, you get 1% extra max hp dmg for every extra 107 hp they have.
Btw, I've just made a 3rd post. Titans bane caps at 40%, only ob shard caps at 45%, this was right but I think I just put 45% for the cap for titans bane instead of 40% and now I've made 3 twitlonger corrections &gt;_&lt;
(updated this 1) In short, Obsidian shard: To get around 15 pen from obsidian shard, your enemy must have 62 prots (15 being the norm for flat pen items, ob shard providing 24% pen). To get 15 pen from titans bane, your opponent must have 70 prots or over (you get 21% phys pen). E-staff: For e-staff it scales up from 3% of their max hp as dmg up to 10%, and requires the enemy be above 2000 hp capping at 2750, you get 1% extra max hp dmg for every extra 107 hp they have.
Well I think it's best vs tanks, however, with warlock sash coming into meta for a lot of mages, you could deal close to the max of 10% vs enemy mages if they've a warlock sash build, and even though e-staff does magical damage and not true damage, mages won't have prots normally, so e-staff is a superior soul reaver since you might be doing close to true damage vs mages anyway with flat pen. Soul reaver is on a 40 sec cd, e-staff is a 10 sec cd. So basically, great as a counter to mages picking up warlock sash, but also good vs tanks. The e-staff description doesn't state it has the 10 second cd anymore but it does, you'll notice the item in ur item slow goes on cd and it'll only proc from a bunch of abilities applied to some1 in a short span.
It's been made into more of a tank pen item just like titans bane, divine ruin got 5 extra pen but spear of deso got a 5 pen loss (though got its power buff to compensate). I'd highly recommend only getting ob shard as a 5th/6th item. DoT mages will love utilising spear of magus and divine ruin to deal true damage to most key squishy targets.
E-staff doesn't mention it has a 10 second cd like in s4. I was really hoping that I could proc e-staff on agni's passive and even his 1 in a combo.
E-staff doesn't mention it has a 10 second cd like in s4. I was really hoping that I could proc e-staff on agni's passive and even his 1 in a combo.
I'm not saying don't build ob shard, but there's little reason to build it as early as titans. Ignoring hybrid items, tanks focus on physical defence cause there's more physicals in most comps and towers/objectives deal phys dmg. I showed you how ur gonna deal 8 pen or less on both these items if the enemy has 40 prots or less, so ob shard vs squishies is just terrible since its based on 20% min camp instead of of the 30 or 33% it used to provide. I will say that magical defence is VERY bloated rn and should've been toned down or the cost of them reduced, items like ancile, genjis, void stone are broken af vs magicals, but this is hirez balancing we're talking about.
It's not true dmg, in the early stages of pts it was mislabelled as true damage, so they changed it to magical damage.
Either they mislabelled or they literally made it true damage early on in pts, then realised it was a mistake or something and changed it to magical.
e-staff got changed in a hotfix but on live it still says it does true damage instead of magical, either its a tooltip error or its still true damage.
It says, we're going to allow all 8 blessings to be bought in non conq modes, but again, there's only the conq ones there, not the non-conq.
I wouldn't even say he's garbage in support either, he's got really good lane pressure, has very good peel and has some decent matchups. He obviously lacks a big initiation/surprise initiation so you have to just draft some cc in the jungle/solo but if you're snowballing or whatever then its fine. At a casual level he wrecks and I really want people to give him more of a try since his buff to his 3 because u can displace people so many times in a teamfight. If you wanna be annoying and play him in solo he works perfectly for that too.
Game 3 image is bugged?
its alright tbh T B H
source?
i only recently switched to avast cause mcafee had bugged peoples computers and took em months to fuckign fix it, ontop of making my pc run slow, so any1 but mcafee really
The post is dumb, because its talking about ageing, when to even bring up stuff about ageing, first requires the person to say that in the future something will happen, which the person didn't. If he said, guan yu will always be shit, or guan yu will still be trash later in the season, THEN you can say it doesn't age well. There IS no point to this post. It's just a poor use of a meme.
At first, I thought it was some1 making fun of some1's elses comment, I missed the part where it was OP's own comment, so i guess it genuinely is lighthearted.
Hes a cleave and u should position urself so they can't interrupt ur 3, and if theyve an ability that stops his 3, that means they're holding an ability, so u just hold ur 3 if they're in range to get close.
Even more importantly, 'will i actually use this skin over another skin i have for this god?'
It's decent on merc as a replacement for boots, you don't really wanna buy boots ontop cause then ur DRing on MS, so its kinda good to just stick with it. Although you'd really only be keeping its passive up when ur just generally farming, otherwise you'd need to restack it on an enemy player in a fight around mid-lategame. But then you gotta ask urself, do i really want this item for lategame? So i guess atalantas is more of a fun item, more for maybe snowballing with.
I think the issue is, his 3 doesn't let u tp at all when it's travelling to another player. I mean often I just can't tp at all to it, maybe the point at which u can even tp it has a delay upon when the monkey its a target.
not just no ass, but no eyelids either apparently
I mean, tanks can get talisman of energy to give MS and AS. Then theres shoguns for more aura AS. And like u said, atalantas, then theres sprint, frenzy etc. If u intend on sticking to the person with midguardian, poison star or frostbound hammer is good, cause slows are way higher than MS buffs from items, other than maybe shield of regrowth.
Sorry for all this unwanted bm from these people, seems a little random :/ I used to be critical of you F. compared to other casters in previous seasons and its amazing to see how you are today, smite's esport casting team wouldn't be the same without you.
Yeah the amount of heals u get off when the enemy is low on hp is insane, people forget about it.
If you're playing poseidon vs ra/guan yu/sylvanus. It makes more sense to get spear of the magus 1st than divine ruin. Why? Because ur job is to blow some1 up, u lose that early game kill potential with pos to kraken some1 and if u can blow some1 up, then they can't heal when they're dead can they. Things to also factor in is, does my enemy actually have their heal ability maxed yet, cause ra and guan are probably gonna max it 2nd. We saw this mistake made by rival at swc (or was it reles can't remember) I think where wlfy went cdr boots, divine ruin afaik and the enemy support built magical defence and started surviving his krakens when the only time rival fought, was using pos ult to kill some1. Immediately after, he played poseidon again and went spear of the magus THEN divine ruin. So when you tell people antiheal&gt;damage, yea it is if your kit can't outright kill them and you know they've got heavy in-combat healing.
Yeah but all those mages rush bancrofts or do really well with bancrofts and the sheer amount of LS they get from autos with it is insane.
I'm completely ignorant on anything a save data has in relation to a bug, and ur saying 'people these days'?
Recommended bans: Change, loki, thanatos, guan yu, odin.
Not only that, banning stuff like odin so u can actually play a god without a jump. We also have soul eater so physicals with no sustain have some.
2 bans per team at start, then 3 gods are picked each, then the 2nd phase each team gets another ban. These are just gods I recommend banning, not to ban em all xd Loki and odin i'd say are priority if u want to have fun. Nox ain't a bad ban either if ur playin an assassin/tank.
This is on PC for me, ban, ban, ban ban, x team picks 1, y team picks 2, x team picks 2, y team picks 1, it's basically conquest draft but with 2 bans in the 1st banning phase and 1 ban in the second, per team.
Because him and loki snowball games pretty much. Motd has a lot of players that are new, so banning out full carry gods where you need to get antiheal items and reach lategame is extremely difficult to do.
His and nuwa ults are just 'annoying', they've ults that just don't do anything but be an inconvenience,.
Free2plays are always gonna have lootboxes, I'm talking about triple A games and stuff. Like DICE cut out lootboxes from swbf2 and then again have announced none for bf5. Thing is, stuff like FIFA where people buy player packs or whatever I think is always gonna be there, but as for other games, it'll hopefully make other publishers feel like they shouldn't rely on loot boxes just cause their neighbourly games are doing it too.
Fix this, add bans, and boom make it a permanent mode, please hirez. Even if you somehow added a rotation of maps to it, that'd be hype af.
He's got the best clear in the game for jungle camps and his 3 is only 11 seconds now, u sure ur talking about the same god as OP? Straight up no1 can outsecure him. The thing other gods might have an advantage over is having more ways to clear camps tho or abilities on even lower cds, but there's very few like that.
Ye but so does every other adc, his passive gives him a strength some other adcs don't. So it can be good to play to that strength. Right now soul eater and the crusher are awesome items for amc even in conquest cause u can proc bees from so far away with his honey.
He's literally in your flair, why tf that god needs 2 escapes, 1's a better herc pull, the other is a semi hades ult with a knockup to set up any1 with a snipe baffles me as to why that needs to be on an assassins kit. Susano just should never have had his 2, should've been something else.
Oh I don't use thoth flair cause I main him lol picked him cause he's some god of knowledge and obviously has a book of strats. Thoth should've kept a bit more damage but lost his stun, I think it was fine that way but Hi-rez seem to change their mind on how they balance gods from time to time.
In the longterm I think guardians blessing is just outright better than hunters. You're gonna win lane regardless anyway in duo lane. Most people view it like you should sit at the enemy tower and poke them to win lane, but I prefer freezing the lane, tanking a pushed wave because I've a heal and it allows me to, which that wave can now kill our wave, denying the opponent xp/gold while I zone them from coming to the wave. So whilst hunters blessing might be good to kill the opponent early, do you get enough from that kill that would be greater than the stats guardians blessing more reliably grants anyway? I just don't think you get enough mileage out of hunters blessing to justify it, since you're not gonna get much use of it in the mid-late game whereas guardians would, also you miss out on all the sustain guardians blessing gives you and again, you automatically win lane with sylvanus no matter what you build, don't need hunters b to do that. I'd say the build/start is better in casuals or where the game will be decided very early on.
You get gold faster in joust due to its increased GP5 and hence get online faster. If you looked strictly at the increased GP5 guardians blessing grants (4GP5). It makes sense that guardians blessing benefits the mode (conquest) which has the lower GP5 the most (this is ignoring the extra 3 gold per minion assist).
I thought about that but it's also joust, where attackers and defenders blessing are really good and there's a reason they aren't in conquest.
I remember 0mega getting ddos'd frequently, even when he ended up switching to team eager whether it was for a set or something. But that season where at least 20% of the games had dc's took away from the competitive leaderboard. It was fun watching eager almost beat denial 4v5 though xd
The thing is, you earn the same scrolls if you win or lose. So you can just shame the opponents (or allies) for picking aphro. Props if you message an enemy team who don't have an aphro to team up and man handle the one with it.
You're wrong because they confirmed it in a tweet and I've confirmed it with opponents. You only get double from the bundle. The reasoning is cause its 3v3v3 so ur 2x likely to lose.
You get scrolls depending on the number of rounds played so people generally want it to go longer.
May as well use this as a resume to get a job makin games xd good shit dude. I do wonder why Hi-rez don't just make domination again as an adventure with some minor adjustments it's like the perfect opportunity for em to do so. It's still completely new to a lot of players.
I had to do this in a scrim a few days ago, banned thana thinking they'd play an execute into our khepri, and then they actually did in fact pick ao. I was surprised at how effective ulting to cleanse the ally was whenever he did go for the execute, I obviously knew u could do it, but it was how consistent it was, felt like the timing wasn't that bad tbh. On the other hand, it's more so whenever they know u can cleanse after the grab and instead keep autoing so ur forced to ult when they're a frame from dying which, they could ult the opponent when they're 1 hp after uve khepri ulted, and so then it's back to the player ao's on to maybe beads/aegis? Idk, it ends up being a lot of mind games potentially which is a lot of fun. Now that I think about it, I've yet to see some1 chiron cleanse themself a frame b4 ao ult and actually cc immune the ult, far easier to cleanse allies but since his buff that short cc immunity can actually deter the ao ult on yourself if you time it well.
Tier 5's get new custom models tho...
Same except I want that army hou yi skin where he calls in an artillery barrage or something, like a space one, similar to orbital artemis would be fuckin sick. Cerberus is always gonna be a dog (well a fat thing with 3 heads), he just has to be, and that really limits skins that could be made for him.
No, worse...decepticons.
I think a lot of people, no matter how nice they are in real life, feel like they're completely doomed to be toxic in some video games, or even if its just specifically smite. It would be so helpful to have things that encouraged positivity for our sakes, to break this bad habit. But I just don't see Hi-rez caring enough to do this or change their massively flawed report/ban system.
Why do people say she counters thoth well. She can burn beads yes so I can understand it if people think she counters those who don't have as much cc immunity but I think its backwards. For example, nox is perfect to counter change and ravana because her silence stops them from using their 2 for immunity. She's also great for any1 melee based or close ranged, change and ravana are just that, ymir had he gotten a wall off in this game would get silenced or rooted from moving forward and allow his team extra time to move away. As for thoth, he can still use his 1 and 2 projectiles during her silence, so technically u could dash as thoth and when she tries to 2-1 combo, u can stun her b4 the root but thats an inconsistent and risky play. Thoth just outranges her AND nox suffers a lot in the jungle because her 1 doesn't go through walls whereas all of thoth's does ontop of nox ult being blocked by walls, in some cases can be to her advantage to splash off of. LG just didn't fight enough in the jungle or hadn't stalled to mid game where ymir's walls would've seen value. The reason why keegsmate fed on thoth, same as weak3n, was they'd just be out of position, more so keegsmate. He even at 1 point had a choice to dash in the jungle which guaranteed a dodge to nox ult or his jungler can tank the ult for him, instead he dashes very predictably to around the centre of his tower at max range of nox ult. It just looked like baskin's opposition are way too unfamiliar with nox.
Nox counters a lot of their gods, mainly their frontline engage, can silence/root ymir from getting close even after he walls and cerb jump is slow so she can silence him b4 he gets his ult off and he'll get burned down. Nox having a silence vs thor 3 and a cripple vs thor hammer has a bit to do with it as well but she was also drafted in a comp where they had a lot of cc already and nox/serqet combo is just a deadly beads burning, high mobility presence and if u both ult some1, u just watch their hp bar tick away till they're dead lol.
Loved the raijin pick vs nezha, can stay cc immune for so long, its a nice reminder for people for what to pick vs nezha. Mask kept ulting a frontliner and thebest would just discordia ult and kill him. Pretty funny watching divios do the classic herc play, pop ur 3 and stand in front of the enemy at their tower soaking up damage lmao
These voice packs are super disappointing. Like is there some miscommunication between the vp and designer artists on what some of these skins are meant to be like? Ares is meant to be badass, ah puch is meant to be spooky, and they're both voiced by some edgy squeaker. Daji skin sounds like she's voiced by some black woman, which is fine...if she WAS black, but the point is the voices just don't match the skins at all. The izanami one was relatively good. As for the vp commands, they're so bland, why are skins saying 'woohoo' and 'awesome' instead of a different unique line, like, 'ahh yeaaah' or something, cause it ends up all these skins with emote vgs sound the same, all saying woohoo and awesome. Voice packs on skins is like half the reason you buy the skin. Either the artists are bad, or there's not enough collaboration between them and the skin designers.
She's the only one who can basic attack lategame for 3 seconds with cc immunity and get like 8 autos off in that time. It's a surprise to us, but I think it's actually necessary.
Her passive and poke from her 3 is what makes her early game good my dude.
Both of the things you've just said isn't entirely true. 1 because u can bunch up a wave and 3 em all, also early on when abilities don't clear right away, her passive helps her clear faster than other adcs. As for ganks, the cc immunity pretty much fucks most junglers like serqet or susano and she can basically kill them. Like of course, she has low mobility but that doesn't mean she is easy to kill without almost dying in the process.
Artemis is a counter to athena because no matter what stage in the game, u just ult to immune the taunt from athena when she engages and your team kills her pretty much. I guess earlier in the game if she's by herself she won't be able to kill athena but like athena only has 1 cc, if she does come to dash/taunt u and u use ult, then u have beads the 2nd time around or just have some wards to spot athena out. From my opinion artemis has no troubles clearing the wave, she's hard to gank and brings a lot to the lategame which along with her countering some favourable top picks is what makes her quite strong atm. Sayin whether or not art is ur top 2nd god doesn't give u anymore credibility, neither do I, but we've clearly got different perspectives/experiences.
Sure but her ult makes her immune to knockups and knockbacks and thats basically all of splyces cc from their jungle/support. Maybe he uses featherstep to intercept thoth/herc dash too? Who knows, I didn't watch game xd
https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/8utnzb/512_cyber_shadow_patch_notes_show/e1i4h2z/
As some1 else said, pos 3 doesn't proc winged blade, only if he's bought gem of iso, where any of his abilities would then proc winged blade.
Done that before/ Pretty annoying that this map forces you to not be able to get up to that balcony from that side which makes ruin so good on this map (and others).
Heard a guy saying they 'nailed it' lmao
Thanks, all I did was mention what some1's said in the comments section of an angry rant of fall out 76, might've been on the video of angry joe's review. I haven't bought the game thankfully and I'm not implying that I know the game is bad and their opinion's wrong, just that if they actually 'nailed it' fall out 76 wouldn't have such an abundance of negative reviews and gameplay showing how bad some things about it are, things can always be better, its impossible to nail anything even if its good.
I pick chiron into ao for precisely this reason to save all my supports that ao players have a huge ass hard on for.
Except when they fucked up resistance 3, that was disappointing, especially removing the coop aspect.
Why else would he 'test' controllers that 'aren't his', cause he realises when 1 doesn't work he needs a new one.
Wait, so ur mad the multiplayer for GTA wasn't what you wanted and because red dead has a multiplayer, u won't buy it unless the multiplayer's good/perfect? The single players good enough you don't always needs a good multiplayer to meet the price of a game.
Supports might go mid after around level 5 to help secure mids, make sure the mid laner doesn't die, stop invades or pressure an invade however if the mid laner can do that safely enough, supports should realistically just go to duo lane and help their adc zone the enemy from the wave and freeze, mid lane's to short to do that most of the time and has enough high traffic as it is, I think doing this is sorely underutilised but maybe its just a better option for competitive play than in ranked/casuals. Some might say, but u want ur adc to solo farm, but if ur freezing because of the supports presence which can be typical in a highly favourable matchup from the duo lane, then their adc is getting zero farm so in comparison between the 2 adcs its much better. Again, if ur duo trumps their duo lane, then when they get bored of u freezing, u might have kill potential to lead that into a gold fury attempt.
It's really not bad no matter what physical god ur playing in assault, its a ton of health and unlimited mana with cdr, perfect if ur playing guan yu, even stuff like xbal so u can spread ur ebola non-stop.
A few days ago I was gold 1 and the game said my matchmaking was with masters and once I promo'd I went straight to diamond 2, so anythings possible lol
Power and defence stats are dumb cause you can overcap them, typically by buffs like red buff, 3k pot, fg buff. There's not really a point in power/defence maximum stats however you can cap out ur defence, its just that, if ur playing some1 like fenrir and u ult with runes his defence will go past the cap, can't remember about ares/sylvanus protections if they go past the cap or not. So yeah, don't worry about 'overcapping' power stats, it isn't a thing.
Masters last split, can't remember what I qualified to, probably plat or diamond, tp decayed down to gold 1 cause I wasn't playing ranked in ages, technically this was my first promo.
He's playing guan cause of rangda's mask I think. Assassins don't have access to it.
The VXG to cycle forms with the ares tier 5 is an amazing touch!
Lke cabom made it sound like he wasn't ever coaching his player's actual mechanics, his role was and would have been completely different to how you would coach a player to improve individually. Not to mention coaches having different roles from what their team wants them to do. There could be bigger points of interest that for a team would be relevant coach advice, but if its 1 player paying for that coaching, are they actually getting benefit from you telling them that their teammate across the map did this thing badly which led to this and that and this other teammate had an opportunity to do this or that which would've helped you? No...Essentially you might pay for advice on a game which 90% could've been out of ur control, which all of that 90% could be useful advice if every1 who played that game paid for the coaching, but it's only 1. It's so much different coaching a team at a pro level when you can literally help them strategise vs a specific team you're always going to face like x team likes these gods, here's their win rates etc helping with matchup information and recording results from scrims and SPL games. When you try to coach an amateur team like in combine, u a lot of the time, have to just teach players mechanics that can sometimes feel like time wasted from pointing out mistakes in things like strategy and pace throughout the match, that's something I've learned, basically what I mean to say is there's tons of information at an amateur level that you could 'point out' to improve on while for pro coaches for pro teams they can focus on different things amateur teams wouldn't need to be concerned like how dignitas like to play their games vs what rival like to do. So for me personally, if this is for ur average joe who wants to main x role and get better at x role in for example ranked, it's actually probably not best if you ask a coach what you're meant to do, it may be better to ask some1 in that field, and for most, a person from masters/grandmasters can be enough to provide that information. I mean coming from cabom's own mouth in an interview, he said he hadn't a clue about solo lane and I'd be in the same boat, if deathwalker were doing coaching for solo lane and you wanted advice for solo lane, I'd ask him not a coach.
Like I mentioned in a different comment, and not to shit on alpha's parade or anything, but a pro coach does different roles and deals with different information. I'm interested as to what possible insight they would add anything new to, when a player who probably just wants to get better at x role in ranked wants advice on stuff like mechanics or something which I'd rather have some1 from that role to teach em and probably for much less/free from some people.
That would make more sense, it wasn't really clear initially, since the twitter post looks like a mistype sayin coaching 2x. Think the help could be decent but the amateur scene is a different environment with different levels of information to coach on. The biggest thing a coach can learn is managing information and I'm sure he could help with that the most.
You don't start with 80% cdr in that mode, you start with 40% cdr, u need to build 40% more cdr to get 80% cdr, until you have 60 to 80% cdr u can't dash and 1 loop. All the dash gives is root immunity, you can still hit him, only leaps give immunity frames but doesn't make you damage immune, dashes don't get immunity frames or damage immunity. You are mistaken af.
Isis has so much potential man, but even when you have the 'damage' to kill like 3 people diving you when you've got bancrofts that increases ur healing from the ult cause of the power u get from getting low with bancrofts and then bancrofts lifestealing through ur ult damaging them - trying to get ur 1 and 2 off quickly against burst can be a real pain in the ass. Basically her kit can be clunky sometimes but depending on the matchup and if there isn't too much cc on the enemy side you can dictate the pace and be safe knowing u can get ur kit off and just turn around most fights. Recommend stone of binding and bancrofts so u can get lots of healing off, be hybrid and be much harder to kill. She's great vs knockup gods like susano/bacchus/rat cause of the knockup immunity from her 1.
Cama isn't the problem, guardians blessing making pressure irrelevant in solo is. Guardians blessing got really popular and that was like mid way through the season too.
It would've been better if they said, they were 'aiming to announce 2 orgs per week' cause then that would show they had the intention to, but they obviously can't if an org is creating a problem outside of skillshot's control. Then we wouldn't really need this thread, I wouldn't complain too much.
Literally says in the article, 2 new gods from a new pantheon, then they suppose or point out that its called, ' Arthurian legends '. We'll get to see arthur's reveal in the next patch notes.
They said PTS would be up during that day for PC, can people posting about this please mention this fact, because people end up getting pissed assuming there's no smite to play period when that isn't the case. Obviously console doesn't have access to pts but still.
LMAO
\^THIS, in 10 seconds you could suggest bans, but picks? Unless its high masters and u know every1, it isn't doable, even then they could decide they wanna do a different role and you'd need to find out what role you are.
Too bad there's no such thing as 'SML players' anymore! :D
You're not understanding what he's saying, he's saying LG should've had something in their contract in the event that a payment is late which could restrict some of the things a client could do when the contract has ended and they're late to get paid. What he's saying is, LG should maybe have this as a term so clients that are being paid late don't perhaps speak out about this on social media which could damage the company's reputation and instead, the client are compensated as a result of this. It would essentially be a sub-contract - if in the event LG is late on payment within x weeks, for the client to be awarded compensation in the sum of x money, must abide by these terms - not speaking about the contract or late payment on social media/to relevant people. That's what LG could've had. Stop spamming 'he's not under contract' you're avoiding the premise of his point, however if we took the sub contract I suggested, if weak3n were to speak about it, he'd just be void of the compensation, but it would still be fair play since he wasn't the one breaking the original contract. It would however, possibly damage or enforce their relationship together (you never know), but would certainly help his teammates who were involved with LG since weak3n spoke out, not all of his team, so they'd probably all get the compensation except weak3n. Now you could probably go a step further and suggest you could do a loophole in the sub-contract if you were part of a team, and have 1 member of the team speak out on social media, and get the rest of the team to just split the compensation with you. To that, LG might need to have a specific clause for teams where if 1 person breaks the sub-contract, nobody in the team gets the compensation, I'd be interested in the enforceability of that. Contract law can be fun sometimes sorry for the ramble.
Also cerb was in a MUCH better state till they decided to just increase his leap range when he was already being played tons to the point where, by doing this range leap, it allowed him TO just over walls, a mechanic that players could use to somewhat counter cerb. I really wished they kept cerb leap to the same state as cama where you could use it to avoid damage, close a gap a little but not always have to go over walls, you don't need to make every jump the bloody same hi-rez when the character's already balanced zzzz.
If xing could jump over walls, he could jump over a wall to bait some1 to jump over it to follow him, and he could just jump back over like bastet - on a guardian this isn't really a good mechanic to have.
Pretty sure they medusa ulted one or a few enemies in the middle of a lane and used the statues to block minions.
medusa statues
well its the only deployable in the game, nobody can withstand minions against that, besides surely the enemy would keep coming over to fight the person holding the creep wave since they'd appear on the enemy's mini-map.(which again, is highly unlikely they'd be able to live at all).
Sure you blink ulted 5 people without beads. But have you ever blink chained an enemy who has beads, and right as they beads to jump you ult them and begin the ult windup, pulling em back after their escape? That's what'll make you wanna main ares lol
Why do you think they split up the company into smaller independent studios like titanforge and skillshot?
Don't be sorry at all, you could be quite right that it could've been just a thing to save the company's face and stop the #low-rez insults. Or it could've been an actual move to change the company's organisation structure to make it more flat and empower their employee teams to feel like they're more involved with decision making involved with their own game which can only be a positive thing. Despite this, the teams working on 1 game won't be blamed for a different team working on a different game when there's a mistake or whatever, it basically minimises risk and promotes better criticism/feedback of a particular department.
No I'm pretty sure that goes to team buddies.
His passive meter has always been bugged for god knows how long. Like some1 else said in the comments, the passive meter can be really deceiving sometimes.
My parents took me and my older brother to disney land for 3 weeks, thats 2 weeks more than any regularly holiday. I was 7 at the time, my brother was 11. I couldn't go on half the rides. I could hardly swim. I remember very little, except for 5 memories. 1 was a time I was slightly under the height restriction to go down a slide and by brother told them I was 'very brave' - bitches still didn't let me down it. 2nd was a toy story ride where you had guns and had to shoot at targets that popped up - I missed all the targets and got pwned by my mum. 3rd there was a big family slide with 4 slides - I was too young and couldn't go on it even though it was a big attraction, cried my eyes out as I was given an ice-cream. 4th our parents took us to swim with dolphins, of course, I was 1 year below the age to ride with em, so cried again watching my brother swim with them. Last memory was watching my dad asleep on a float, swimming very far out to sea and I was unable to wake him from me screaming for him to come back - A week back after we got home to the UK we heard on the news that that very beach we were on was invaded by sharks and had to be closed down. So my dad was basically swimming out in the sea with sharks all around him...yikes. Never doing this to any future kids I have, or at least try and wait till they're around the same age as a pewdiepie viewer so they're not banned from a lot of the rides. Edit: I lied there's another memory where my mum and I were eating sandwhiches on the beach and everytime I tried to bite into one it'd taste of sand, I'd say to my mum, and she'd hand me another one, same thing, given another one, same thing...then I look to my left and there's a kid tryna build a sand castle just flinging sand over hid shoulder with a spade right into our direction. So I guess I could remember vaguely at that age, but the disasters take over any of the good memories.
Typically all the new gods, I just think, 'if its op, its boring' and ain't touching it for a good couple of months.
Play cupid with the bee skin, it makes him genuinely funny to listen to, especially his laughs, if u've a teammate without bee skin, pop a skin booster and make them. The halloween skin is also pretty good and the sound effect on his 3 is so epic.
Maybe that's the joke
Because this is conquest, in conquest minions hardly do any damage, in all over modes they DECIMATE YOU. So quite often in conquest you can just pop hp pots and ignore minion damage, in particular hunter mids can just attack their opponent in the 1st wave frequently for first blood like adapting did, you can do this on pretty much any hunter.
The jump was more about closing distance and getting in front of minions.
Try cerb and ares where u just flame the living shit out of them lmao did that one time, was pretty good tbh.
In terms of motd's, they didn't manually auto ban specific characters, they just haven't updated the pool of NEW gods since the last time it was updated. So a lot of the newer gods aren't actually in some MOTD's like all out assault. Hi-rez don't find it to be a priority never mind a worth while venture, sadly. &amp;#x200B; As for the adventure, some would be deemed OP like izanami, and some may make the mode potentially break so they ban characters like the morrigan, and gods who can go up in the air like apollo, rama and thor etc.
They don't update the mode for motd, the new gods literally don't exist, not that Hi-rez banned em themselves.
I'm of the opinion that they should nerf his movement speed after this change, it's currently on the very very high end because reasons. Make vamanas have to build into more MS or a hastened katana, don't just let him stick to free when the counterplay is to try and run from him. Either that or nerf the MS again as I said, but make him the same MS as he is now in ult so when he's not in ult form he can't just juke forever and chase people down super easily and run out.
It's not that them going up in the air is OP, it's like I said, could potentially break the mode i.e. BUG THE GAME, apollo and janus can get out of the map potentially or skip parts, maybe they want a room to have a small ceiling and so everytime u thor ulted your camera would get blocked etc.
My new favourite ullr build in conquest adc (ive 7k worshippers) is magis blessing&gt;tier 1 trans&gt;warrior tabi&gt;finish trans&gt;jotunns&gt;bloodforge&gt;executioner&gt;sell magis for quin sais. Reason why is because once you finish trans and jotuns along with magis blessing, as long as u spam every ability in both stances, ur gonna have another ability up so u can constantly stun&gt;combo&gt;jump away&gt;activate 2 to juke or whatever&gt;cd's are resetted and can do it all over again - I think this is better than the more up front damage the crusher provides since the cd's allow you to be more aggressive cause ur more safe, and bloodforge over asi since I think the item falls off cause of the burst lategame its hard to make asi work other than healing off a camp. For modes like joust I think you can make hydras work easier, it's definitely good on him but you've to be much more close quarters for that, so some comps are gonna be harder to use that against.
Well things like the morrigan can be harder to fix and make them have to change the coding and then who's to say that starts a whole load of other bugs with the morrigan outside of that adventure, so it isn't worth it. Morrigan should be the only one who should be banned tbh in this mode. Again, with the gods that go up in the air like thor, thanatos, apollo they could skip parts of the map, it wouldn't be worth it and again, it's not to do with 'fixing them' it just clases with map design for specific maps in adventures.
In xing tian's mountain that was the case but only xing was banned cause he was the host, same as fafnir's wonderland. This was a pve adventure, totally different than anything before.
Her issue is she's quite close ranged and she's clunky, all whilst not having tanky base stats, which means if she's surrounded, without building into hybrid items, its really hard to get her whole kit off before she's bursted to death. Her 3's animation post-fire delay makes her kit clunky ontop of not being able to detonate her 2 during winggust. If they took this out, honestly it would go a long way. You could even 2 and then 3 before u detonate if this post fire delay was removed which would help speed up her combos. Other things they could touch for her: Her 3's range could be further (this would help reduce her being so close quarters and compete with other mages) and probably the same for her 1, not to mention the area of her 3 isn't even that big to begin with. Would be nice if her 1 made her slow immune so she could actually use it when she gets slowed to make use of the ms speed it gives. In general, I don't think she needs damage buffs, she just needs to be able to get her kit off faster if they want her to stay as a glass cannon mage, seeing as she has to be so close ranged.
At this point, it just seems like LG is just an org run by investors who delay paying money back as much as possible to multiply their money as much as possible before paying it back, and when it doesn't pay back...this happens.
While we're on that, if you're backing to base and an ares suddenly starts ulting you, theoretically couldn't you buy magi's cloak to consume ares pull, and while in the fountain resell and make ur full money back? lol
What if I told you, that every item you buy, instantly affects you in some way, it's true. Mind = blown. I tested with e-staff as janus and ulted vs bots in a custom arena and when the ult hit, my e-staff would sell for less than it was worth after hitting it, so ye, probably the same for magis cloak. &amp;#x200B;
It's a joke. But you can buy defence if some1 is gonna hit u, for example of an enemy nuwa ults at the start of assault and ur still in fountain, u can just buy a magical defence item, reduce the dmg of nuwa ult, then sell the item for something else at full price. Or be nieth and buy jotuns wrath, ult an enemy, then sell it for another item and you'd still benefit from the cdr from jotunns wrath, all while u changed ur item to say, the crusher before the nieth ult hits, and it proc the crusher as an example.
Wrong, if geb has a genji's guard with 40% cdr, since the shield lasts 5 seconds and geb being hit by magical damage makes genji's guard knock 3 seconds off, then it's actually a 7.8 sec cooldown shield, lasting 5 seconds = 2.8 secs downtime of not having a shield. WHERE'S YOUR EXCUSE NOW GEBS?? You could also you know...play geb in omnipotence with 80% cdr and its literally a 3 sec cd.
Not for AA's no, this is a bad idea, mainly cause % dmg items are aids, unless u reduce the % and try to balance it out.
Ares would be dog shit, he blinks in, cause thats typically the only opportunity he's gonna get for multiple enemies with a really long wind-up just for any of the 5 enemies to hit him with a cc and stop his ult, freeing their whole team, he literally wouldn't ever get it off. - That's if cc actually stopped his ult, if it didn't u could just do shit like play sobek or herc and when he goes to pull, just pull him really far deep into the back of ur team so even though you might still get pulled, ares' team is too far to even follow up.
Well janus could do the job pretty damn easily with his portals and him controlling time, honestly it's surprising we haven't made a santa skin already for him. Ullr would be singing, 'glory to, the new born me' as he ski's his way through the snow like an expert.
Didn't want to rub it in too hard now. I want any geb players to still be alive after reading such comments.
I've been pubstomping ranked with him at masters level in conquest, to the point that people were dodging lobbies after i picked it or they banned it in 1st phase cause it was late at night and I wasn't on their team lol he's so freaking dumb if u rush spear of magus (u 100-0 any squishy without needing ult really) then after that he gets even more ridiculous with a soul reaver and rod of tahuti as if squishies were already getting 100-0 from the true damage magus already provided. Best advice I can offer is a jungler putting him behind early or just generally doing stuff with their mid laner so zeus can't farm as freely. Now as a zeus I can normally even just deal with a 1v2, but if I try to go for the wave and throw my 2 to clear, thats the time a jungler should try to gank me. Perhaps a god like ra would be best as a matchup vs zeus since he has really good clear, could even plop his 3 over his own minions to stop em from dying and snipe zeus with a bit of jungle setup like a rat ult or stun or erlang pin/knockup. Supports like kumba is pretty good vs him too, u can mez into ult if he's no beads if he has any charges on ur teammates and basically cc him for so long that the charges will expire, this is ontop of just being easy to cc him in general. Saw lasbra playing nem into zeus, thats pretty busted like, kuzenbo lategame too. In general, if u think zeus is 'susceptible to ganks' or 'unsafe' in conquest, he really isn't, cause of items, zeus just gets his burst off so fast and 100-0's most people, thats why I emphasise that you really need to make a group effort to try and stop him, and at that point he could have already gotten so much dmg off that its still a win for him, so try and play long ranged mids vs him, gods that can run him down when he's vulnerable.
In short, get mage's blessing and tier 1 trans now to start on ullr. Hunter's blessing actually has better mp5 early on than mage's blessing since hunters blessing starts out at a way higher rate consistently, which means the entire time ur rotating between farm ur gaining consistently high 10 mp5. In the early game especially in duo lane, it takes you longer to level up, which means ur having access to less abilities to cast which means you're hardly ever going to be burning enough mana to go far enough below ur mana % to make mage's blessing that effective. Whereas with mage's blessing since it gives 2.5 mp5 per 10% mana missing, if you're at 60% mana or higher, ur mp5 will only drop below the mp5 that hunter's blessing gives. They made a change to mage's blessing so that it gives power in addition to extra damage on abilities, so with that change, it's much better on ability based hunters who aren't going to auto a lot depending on ur build. On ullr I like power and cdr, so I get mage's blessing and tier 1 trans as starting build. But on a god like medusa, hunter's blessing works better since you need to hit ur autos with ur 1 anyway and her clear ain't that great with abilities anyway, so I go hunter blessing&gt;trans&gt;boots&gt;jotunns&gt;bloodforge&gt;executioner&gt;quin sais. &amp;#x200B;
I think a lot of people think ur locked into completing items just cause they got tier 2 of trans or tier 2 devos, but they really don't. Like if you were planning on rushing either but suddenly u died and ur opposing adc was really fed, you'd want to finish boots or else they could zone you out and you'd have no mobility to retreat from being chased down and end up giving ur opponent even more of a lead. &amp;#x200B;
Man why is link's victory screen so lame, think it was like that in brawl but I can't remember too well.
Dutch van der linde when he arrives at tahiti
Think he got a little *too* excited if you know what I mean.
Saves ur enemy from ur teammates' damage briefly.
Yeah, it's not like any of us are offended when they said smite was small, it's the fact that it comes across like, 'we only did this, cause the smite scene is small and thought we'd get away with it' pretty much, like their smite scene investment isn't as worth their time and effort.
Whenever this newest patch hits, the old god class filters will be able to be used during lobby. This has already been confirmed. [https://www.smitegame.com/news/wielder-of-excalibur-5-24-update-notes](https://www.smitegame.com/news/wielder-of-excalibur-5-24-update-notes) "PC Players can now sort by God Class in the drop down menu in the Match Lobby"
I don't get why eye of another world even gets hate. I used to run it all the time, it's faster charge for all abilities, if ur a sunbreaker with the 3rd tree ur literally spamming grenades when ur healing an ally in ur rift, the increased regen speed is very noticeable when u proc the enhanced regen. Plus u can detect people in their supers in crucible, shits fine, way better than melee gauntlets but some of them have more interesting passives for unique gameplay like the extra stacking melee dmg, or melee regen.
Can do it with anhur pillar too, I've not seen any1 have success on ymir when it comes to actually fighting.
Have a teammate hard cc him as he lands, nox, geb, he takes ages to get enough energy for the big ult so its way harder to get enough energy to get to that point.
Anytime I see that janus skin ult it makes me wonder who tf came up with it. There's no visual clarity whether hes using beads or ulting. He just turns yellow and out comes a ball. Sad part is its too late to fix and I'm pretty sure some1 was using it in the spl when really the skin should be banned from it.
It was the oni fury, it spawns harder to kill minions making sieging easier and it takes 2 secs to kill.
Ye but I'm saying u get the same outcome with anhur, but ur actually useful if it doesn't work out. Only need 1 enemy loki or a mage to ult the wave and its gone lol Think cabrakan is iffy sometimes too, sometimes the minions break through the ult quickly sometimes they take their time.
Glad you missed the point of not knowing he's channelling an ability b4 ur inevitable fucking death, as opposed to him beadsing a cc. One way they could fix it is make the voiceline/sound of him channelling much louder. The other cutesy skins haven't had this problem before.
I know, but theres a window to cc him before he can actually channel his ult. Forgot to mention literally any1 with cc immunity can just use that ability (normally an ult) the moment u land, immune it and hopefully run away, theres like 3 or so seconds before he can ult again, obviously that window is 0 by the time he lands, but if he misses, thats 3 or so secs when he misses it to burn him b4 tryna dodge the next ult.
Are your related to tarzan? And will we see a cosplay from you? - on your exclusive patreon of course.
The amount of bugs I come across costs me and friends half an hour on most occasions just trying to set up scrims, trying to get everyone into a lobby, getting through picks and bans just to get into a game. Here's a list of bugs I see myself and teammates face: * On my client, I never see any custom games created in EU, even though I've made sure its looking for EU lobbies and I've ticked the box to see private matches and repeatedly click refresh, nothing shows up, so I HAVE to get invited to the lobby. * Some of my teammates when opening the friends list within a lobby, have their game crash which makes it a gamble trying to invite players like me who can't join the lobby without getting invited. * Then you get into picks and bans, and more often than not, a couple people will crash very quickly upon picks and bans start. So you have to spend time remaking the lobby, gambling to invite teammates hoping they don't crash from them opening the friends list, then hope no1 crashes upon getting into picks and bans, so every1's been delayed 30 mins of their time b4 we can get into the first match of the night. I've came across all of this on 2 separate teams vs 2 other teams within the span of about 4 days or so.
Mechanical Bull by Kings of Leon Best album from the band period, listened to the same album for years, start off with particular favourites then end up with new favourites as some of the others grow on you.
Why are people's response to getting upset over this, taking this out on IW with the new MW game. Like people who buy the base game, pay for the BASE game. Imagine being so entitled that you're gonna guilt trip 'basic' players for buying the standard game, just because of what has been done to a different cod, from a different studio after release with optional additional content, it makes no sense. All the developers that go into making a game want it to succeed. Shitting on a game and encouraging people to not purchase it because of something done to a different game is so unfair, ESPECIALLY when it's 2 different studios who make it, even if the game IS from the same franchise. What's not good? When additional content is no longer optional - i.e. pay to win aspects, where the additional content is far superior to the OG stuff and people who bought it have a competitive advantage, at that point I think you should protest in a different way.
Bringing in new weapons that u have to pay for is fine, obviously we're not gonna like it as much if it's in some chest for a chance to get it. But it's only fine if the weapons are balanced. If they're op then its p2w if its outclassing weapons.
Have you ever played rainbow six siege? Now compare it. That's why I'd normally be against being able to get new weapons, but r6 introduces new characters and even though they're not behind some chest, it takes ridiculously long to get enough points to buy a new operator if you didn't buy a season to get increased reknown per game.
I meant to add to my comment that although it takes ages to get a new operator, they do balance the operators so all a new operator is, is a new playstyle for the most part, sometimes if something new is introduced like any game, it'll get nerfed later on anyway. Back to the main point, people are getting upset over something that has been added to the game, why should some peoples form of protest be in the form of not buying the new MW game to reduce sales and shitting on people who buy it? I think its unethical for full retail priced games to lock items that affect gameplay behind RNG chests however, that should be reserved for cosmetics only. R6 siege is a little on the cheaper side, like below £20 afaik.
&gt;Don't buy COD points, don't buy the Season Pass That's all you have to do, if you want to reduce preorder sales, thats fine, don't preorder, I think most people should refrain from preordering games anyway until developers start delivering on their promises. * 'Don't buy the game' Activision doesn't make the game, they publish it, they might have a hand in what happens post-launch i.e. MTX. Infinity ward is making the SP, the multiplayer and the co-op. But you wanna shit on that dev's hard work because of something done with treyarch's game. Like when some1 buys the game initially, all the problems ur talking about aren't there at launch, its post launch because people are buying the cod points etc and buying the chests. Literally just stop fucking doing that or stop complaining about optional content that quite likely won't be overtuned otherwise git gud. Either way, ur still getting your worth out of buying the standard edition and can enjoy the first couple of months without MTX shite. Do you really think shareholders are going to attribute less pre order sales, with a protest over MTX's? Unless there's a campaign that is like a big upvoted reddit thread, they're likely to just blame IW over the base game, not for what was done in the previous cod.
So what I said was true for BO4 at launch from what I recall but it was the opposite for BF2. What you said is true for BF2. Rather than buying the game when it comes out, basically what ur saying is delay ur purchase to drop launch sales figures so they make a statement announcing the removal of some greedy MTX system that they may have had on launch or planned to implement.
Now imagine if the 5th person to kill that game was a regrowth, bumbas and winged blade hercules lmao, congrats
*Spams laugh in hercules*
Real talk - as much as omni needs bans, can we not just make the banning phase, 2 or 3 bans each side and every1 picks, like blind pick? There's no bank time and people new to this ban system may not realise its their turn to pick and accidentally dodge. So many lobbies dodged because people don't pick and it takes longer to get into games. By the time you queue again you get, 'the system was not able to find a match for you this round. You are the highest priority for the next round'. Which leads me to another criticism of hi-rez: why am I not prioritised already, if some1 dodges my lobby, surely all you need to find is a replacement for the person who dodged and 2-3 people who might've dequeue'd the mode.
It's the only mode with 80% cdr where u can blind select ur gods other than all out assault 2.0, but AoA 2.0 starts off 40% up to 80% cdr. That would be a horrible idea when cooldown runneth exists, which is 75% cdr random pick.
I'm on ps4, why did they release a limited time event when apex is in this state? I wanna play apex and enjoy it but the servers are complete wank. Every game is laggy af. This is seriously not what I would be promoting to returning players, ur just showcasing a reason to not return.
Yeah im sick of USING it, when the lag is so bad you can somehow miss 5 consecutive shots on a near still target, literally watching the bullets pass through from the lag. Shotguns take a good 1 second to register anything and the peacekeeper averages like 30 -40 dmg short range when you know it should be way higher.
S3 enemy at swc was different tho, they played the same comp all of swc and their stubborn opponents didn't ban it out. Sometimes all you need to win sets is the drafting stage and RNG said that was the issue last week v pk, seems like some still remains today. It's funny cause when funball was on paradigm they had to play vs enemy (and subsequently lost) and he said the reason for his team not banning out the enemy comp was because they'd practised against comps like enemy's and won, but that's taking out the factor of what team is playing that comp. Sometimes all you need to win is practise a comp and run it a lot. Credit to splyce, they've adapted to RNG's double hunter comps but why aror gets herc everytime is a head scratcher when comps that pull u out of position just by having the threat to do so, is enough to stop adcs from pumping into tanks. Edit: I may have been talking about s2 enemy vvgo.
My pings 37 from London, it may have been the data centre switching. How often am I meant to be resetting the data centre? Some1 was saying every game. Edit: still lags like a bitch even though I did switch my DC lo London plus some enemy players are rubber banding all over the bloody screen, this shit is horrendous to play.
The real crime is that you don't have a separate bin for food and one for non-food waste.
Well on the PS2 they sold socom with a headset and I'm pretty sure my dad had the headset on talking to AI teammates when the games single player. But I doubt we'll get the chance to talk to AI with voice chat again. Kinda weird, feels like a 180 in technology.
Double hunter isn't mandatory, splyce shows u can burn objectives just as fast by just building frenzy, renegades have just used double adc the most out of anyone. So yeah double adc is certainly more popular but not mandatory. Having a mage in mid can be key when sieging or being sieged from the aoe. But I think double adc comps work best vs the lower teams since after u win a teamfight u can burn so many objectives in quick succession to extend ur lead which with a mage, you're not as likely to do that with.
Frenzies just popular with fafnir in general and emilzy plays fafnir quite a bit.
Once you get addicted to fafnir frenzy, it's hard to let go... I used to get addicted to upgraded frenzy to insta clear the 1st wave at start of the season in duo lane b4 the spirit minion change xd 8 seconds of carnage is op
I just keep the friend request there so I can laugh at it from time to time. Sometimes if they start messaging I just reply with 'bleep bloop' or quotes from warframe as watch them talk to themselves lmao
There's tons of gods that don't play emotes when they walk but the majority do, its so inconsistent.
Dr disrespect? Except I'm gonna go with Hayzer whenever he tweets
Yeah but what about fighting lion with lunafaction boots in a rift? Just spamming grenades with infinite ammo, have SO much fun doing this in escalation protocol.
I think my comment probably would've been better suited if u said 'best' GL, not most 'powerful'. I'm not trying to say FL is the highest dps of any grenade launcher. But it basically has infinite ammo since it uses primary ammo and you've got 20 grenades to chew through in rift b4 needing to look out for 2 blocks to full refill. FL is the best ad clearing weapon with luna faction surely. And again, before u come at me with how this uses up an exotic slot and how it might not be 'optimal' when doing higher level stuff, my point was its fun af in escalation protocol which it is.
I think it's really underrated and might end up being core on nezha. It decreases cds by 3 seconds on a crit and the cd on the item proc is 5 seconds, so if you proc it twice in 10 seconds, thats like 40% cdr you've gotten, that is INSANE. Any fighting god, even tanks could just build malice, the cooldown is insane during a fight, just imagine hercules with malice spamming his 3 and 1, osiris basically gets his 1 back near enough instantly and as I said, nezha can keep spamming his ring and his 2 to continuously heal in combat. As far as I'm aware however, when malice procs on mercury 1, it won't reduce the cooldown of that ability, only the other abilities. Potentially we may see more malice on ability-based hunters over building cooldown reduction since malice procs on any enemy, can work on minions/jungle camps. Cupid could basically be spamming his 1 and 2. Edit: Erlang could be interesting with it, cause his passive procs items so ur basically getting an additional chance to crit so u can turtle more often for the shields, but then again his 1 basically takes it off cd pretty quickly anyway, he'd up with his 1 permanently on.
Cerberus cooldowns are very long to be fair, think a little buff to him is fine, horus is doing well though.
Found the guy that just copies SPL builds.
Oh? So cabrakan is awful with power items too? Generally yeah, hercules is a tank so he's an ability based tank but the vast majority of gods can have different build playstyles.
I don't think variances in builds are ever to be 'optimal', there's plenty of casual modes to play and mess around with. Have you legitimately never seen a hercules who's snowballing, build a crit item and chunk someone before? I'm not suggesting this item is gonna be optimal on him, I'm just spitballing ideas where malice may have use - which is gonna be characters that can stick to an enemy, probably have a heal in their kit and are ability based to make use of the cd from the proc.
Incon returns?! Just have a guan yu with shield of regrowth on a piece of string for him
Finally some1 who did it properly with the link.
As I said, this video probably isn't the best evidence of showing this in action, but you can be standing in front of the towerline and as long as you have new melee minions coming up behind you, the enemy melee minions will run past you (why don't they just hit whatever is closest to them at the front?) Again, the change I'm suggesting is just a badly worded effort in asking them to fixing the aggro, ur normally meant to have aggro as long as you're in front of minions until you back off behind them. Another example, is when you're standing beside ur blue buff to leech xp from ur jungler clearing it, but ur close enough to ur tower so when the enemy archers come, they target you before entering the tower...when ur minions come up, they run into tower when ur closer to them? unless its some weird interaction where, when they switch aggro, they automatically run forward even though the target they're re-aggroing to, is already in range.
That could work for melee minions, but archers could run past you and manage to get into tower if they're close enough and there's nothing you can do about it cause u can't make them follow you to get further from towerline.
The point is, they do move when targets are still in range, I think its when they switch targets as you can be still in range and they'll switch targets and move past you, either that or they're switching targets to something further from you. Like I said, I've seen them firsthand walk past when more ally minions appear when ur still in range thats the point of this post.
Just to add to this, idk if any1 else has played nuwa with an enemy khepri in the game. But a year or so ago they added a feature so if you hover over an enemy, ur minions prioritise it and the enemy is highlighted with a ray of light. Khepri ulting a teammate also has this same ray light. All game I'm calling 'khepri ult' after chunking an enemy and they're low till I realised, holy shit I'm bamboozling myself from nuwa 2 and this khepri is a literal counterpick. Could we change the ray of light to like a darker red colour? Do we really need this light above their head either? Pretty sure we know who we've targeted. Some qol changes to nuwa would definitely be nice as you said with the minions. Maybe also a text description to note that she doesn't do explosion damage PER clay soldier? Most people think her explosion is doubling in dmg with 2 soldiers or tripling with 3, its the same for all of them, the actual explosion only does more dmg depending on the rank of her 3 or the prot shred from her 2. So the next time you're dpsing a camp, pop only 1 of ur soldiers and the remaining can help auto, you'll do more total damage.
Thanks alzio, very cool!
Ao in solo spamming his 3 at you to poke and clear at same time actually wins him the early game, its kinda lame...His 2 scaling also just makes his early way too good with bancrofts and bancrofts lets be honest has always been fuckin stupid broken for the amount of power it gives since the start of the season where the passive is kicking in harder than b4 despite being pretty healthy.
Literally just give it a cooldown and make it heal more, allows pretty much every physical to benefit from it equally. They do the same stupid design decisions with crusher and soul reaver, least with soul reaver it has diminishing returns on subsequent procs soon after which was an actually good thought out change.
nap timmmeeee
Straight out of KH3 from ratatouille
Could just make her lean in and whisper to them instead. Still has a similar feel since we're looking from behind if you're playing as her.
I thought I remember a post recently about how this was unintended, in fact, I think a lot of the changes to legends recently have ended up reverted like gib/caustic hp buffs and caustic gas.
Why, just why tf did they put this in the secondary slot, u can't equip all 3 vanguard pinnacle weapons. If you play pve, u had the grenade launcher bounty, the fusion rifle and so surely it'd make sense for the last bounty containing a scout rifle to be a primary weapon so we could equip all 3 vanguard pinnacle weapons. Using up 2 slots for a better dragonfly was also pretty dumb too.
Wtf is that meant to be? A really big chip? A wotsit?
Tryna charge a heal grenade behind cover as a warlock, but u switched to a different solar tree. Guardian down
Thought this said one my horus support, was very confused. Try putting black outline on the text with the white font you have, should make it clear on any background.
His voice though, here are my favourites: "Mmmmguardian" "Indeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed" "The cabaaaaal" The week you could buy the hug emote, I immediately went over to zavala and tried to hug vanguard dad, moments later a bunch of other guardians show up trying to do the same lmao
Speaking of, I was playing gambit last night and had a fair share of moments where the frame rate just dies and your fusion rifle turns into a heavy machine gun, never experienced that before tbh.
MFW OP is the mid laner
You're complaining after 1 match vs him where literally neither of his buffs would've contributed anything to helping him do any of those things because: he's not going to have his 3 or ult up at level 1, and later on his cooldowns are so long its literally impossible for him to be roaming after clearing a wave to help him do any jungle clear. [This is you](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/QtMclzIAd9c/maxresdefault.jpg)
Been trying for 3 hours and apex is fucking unplayable cause of the lag and borderlands 2 just makes me reluctant to play knowing I have to stare at the ground all game and loot everything in sight while spending another 20% of my time making room in my backpack. I just wanna jump into a game and enjoy myself -_-, atm its now saying D2 is at capacity... looks like I'm in now?
I'm just here wondering how he got that sick air to get on the 3rd railing.
Good 2 know I'm not alone. Literally just played a game there now as general grievous, i jumped and went to crawl as i hit the ground and ended up stuck in the crawl animation indefinitely, couldn't undo it, tried everything. And later again, tapped his unrelenting advance button again after it ended and it was playing the animation a 2nd time but not actually doing anything lol
Warlock sword should be a friggin lazer
Vulcan makes you a house and could make some very good interesting automation devices for the bedroom if you know what I mean...
Ravanas would probably impregnate his wife from his voice alone. Excellent indeeeeeed.
Is chernobog and cernunnos not the same thing? Both have horns, both are half human. Curious as to the reasoning here.
Zelda majoras mask, get the mailman hat and bingo
I seriously hate shoothouse, idk how any1 can possibly like it to want to play it all the time.
In the thumbnail I thought the guy was holding a light saber
He gets 3 kills with the kar and then switches weapon to the dragunov.
No wonder I've actually had fun on boba fett for the past week, I'm not getting auto locked across the map and being stunned and knocked down to the ground. Speaking of, the new star card for boba where u deal 500 dmg for reduced missile barrage seems literally impossible to achieve. It's 75 per rocket x 5 = 375 the focalise star card can get u to 425 but I'm pretty sure the rockets do less dmg the further away u are so u never get that anyway? They should make it like 400 dmg for the cd reduction tbh or make the missiles better. I can't see any indepth threads on boba since the card changes. It's annoying too cause even if the effect does proc, I don't know if it even did, there's no 'yay i did it!' feedback.
That's the thing though, u can't tell if u procced the cooldown effect so u assume u didn't cause it's lower dmg from the splash radius
1 time I started saving my video clips in a wrong file type and deleting the old ones and then after realised I couldn't play any of the one's on the new file type lmfao 6 months of clips GONE
If u sneeze more than once, I'm apparently 'sick' and need tablets. I just need to blow my nose and wa la! It's gone! Cause sneezing is ur body tryna rid it of snot. I swear women try to solve every problem with meds partly cause stores that sell then have all the make up and cosmetic products too.
Kuzenbo wrecks her, 2 swc's ago he was man handling freya everytime she was picked. In terms of her 2 cd being so low, its cause hirez put the ability on cd the moment she activates it, I can understand them reworking her back to her old kit but for the love of god, that shit needs to go. Having an ability go on cd the moment u activate it whilst still being a steroid essentially double dips the benefits from cdr. Make the 2 a shorter cd, but on cd after it's over please hi-rez.
Your pulling game is strong?
Edit: They should just give hydras lament a bloody cool down like polynomicon. Why does hydras, a physical variant of poly have to be different? It's the same for void stone and void shield, 2 twin items with different pen reduction stats, next patch they're continuing to keep them different instead of alligning them.
Seriously, pulls imo should only pull you along the floor not across the fucking sky into narnia
If ur caught by any cc as a blaster hero you are 100% fucked. Stop dismissing massive imbalance between the 2 hero classes. Blaster heroes need help whether that's ragdoll resistance from pulls across the map, lunge immunity after rolls or further rolls, there needs to be something to help blaster heroes survive. They've all much slower movement speeds than saber users. Honestly, if they made it where if you start attacking as a saber hero it should reduce your max run speed for lets say 3 seconds till u start fighting again (or out of combat). At least for the faster jedi like luke, maul, rey etc.
Kylo shouldn't be an exception, u dunno what hero a hero is on the map till they come around a corner. You can tell by a blaster hero constantly firing and know exactly who it is. So you could be playing han think ur fine and then go oh fuck its kylo, quick roll, oh too late or he waited after and oh, there I'm being yeeted into his team, no escape, no way to block, can't even damage or get kit off before you're dead. Fuck that. That is aids gameplay get that shit out.
It shouldn't matter about matchups, blaster heroes are defenceless they shouldn't be so susceptible to ragdolling across the map, end of discussion. In galactic assault it's impossible to live from being pulled into enemy blaster units, doesn't fucking matter about the enemy hero.
This isn't how to fix him. Changing his attack progression on the other hand to 0.75 or 0.5 will reduce the most of his damage, then u can buff his actual ability damage if u want. This fixes 2 things on achilles, 1: he's got too many AA cancels which give him a lot of damage. 2: his 2 that gives him power, when build as an assassin with items like hydras allow him to 1 shot a carry in 1 auto from a blink. Ur idea is fine yeah but for actual damage it isn't gonna change anything and his damage does need tuned which is what my suggestion is for. Perhaps they could do both.
It's like the backstory of 1 of the characters in money heist on netflix.
If serqet ults u, u can just sit in a wall and not take any dmg, or if ares ults u, sit in a wall and you can't get pulled from it, there's some really good counters he has goin for him. I think you forget, once u 2 to execute the 1, it's giving you an AA steroid there is stuff to use even though u might miss the 1 or they aegis it and ur proccing his passive AND u have the ult for cd reset on all abilities.
*Bf2 german darth maul has entered the chat*
Garbage
It was a feature but then they realised they actually provided some counterplay for blaster vs saber heroes and subsequently removed it.
[Link with sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb1S_Rcd8fo)
Teammates were chasing the 1 hp ullr everywhere so I just waited for him to back to base using the vision from a minion wave he cleared lol
Probably thought I missed a pluck and is tryna wall me into titan room? (But titan collision removes it anyway), either way, don't think he was going for a stun
Lmao another feature from hirez, normally I see the titan icon flash red despite all my pheonixes being up idk
You could listen/watch on fast mode to skim over the lesson just like you would with a book and then do it again but slower. With maths it's tough cause u need to understand step 1 to get step 2 etc
Of course I know him, he's me!
He simply took a picture in a mirror and it makes it look like the wrong side.
1st option is power of attorney for people that are incapable of handling their accounts. Normally a bank would tell you why you can't access money, normally it's fraud and they'll tell you what to do but having the other person go in? Either a policy is very wrong there, they've been given wrong advice or there's missing info here.
U think some1 working in a fucking BANK can just go against policy? Lmao you get fired or disciplined from a bank you literally get restrictions on travelling outside the bloody country. Every bank appeases to financial regulations. If something doesn't feel like the right outcome or something is unjust, an employee should always seek advice from their manager etc it's just standard customer service.
That's what I said, get approval for exceptional circumstances from a manager, don't do it cause 'you feel like it'.
It's only shameful if you didn't do anything you could to resolve the situation. Like I said, if it doesn't feel right, speak to manager, if it's still no, you tried your best but at least give advice so they may be able to solve it via other means. You need to get off your high horse here.
This is the worst shower thought yet. To make a shower thought you actually would have had to THINK, which you clearly didn't do. You put ur hànds on walls and lean on them constantly, you'd instantly know about it when getting a shower, most doors you open you probably put ur hand near a wall, same with turning a lightswitch off and on. And how exactly do doors come into this? They're just walls that open and close, think of all the push doors.
Allies can't use abilities through odin cage, hou yi ricochet gets deflected back when shooting from out of the cage, into it. I'm assuming this may also be the case for stopping anhur impale, bouncing kuzenbo nene and hercules ult, plus discordia ult.
Before this patch on PC the recommended items never popped up JUST for kuzenbo, you had to manually search every item.
Because cerb 2 is incredibly high dmg and removes like 52 magical prots ON A GUARDIAN, that shit needs to be interuptable. So yes, ur a bit of a fool for comparing them. Heim 2 was designed as a defensive tool, hence the slow and knockback, it should be balanced closer to that, reduce the dmg and severity of the slow considering its range, he already has the knockback.
They did the same thing for izi, she now does like 110% dmg if she hits both autos, her clear is even more ridiculous and her boxing exchange is incredibly high early game.
Tfw this likely has already happened irl
I read one of those titles as 'cart narcs'. WEE WOO! That's not where the cart goes lazy bones!
She hasn't got worse range, if anything there was a vid showing her hitting a tower from outside the radius till they fixed it so it should be the same. If they're closer she can activate her 1 and her 2 is like 60-70 units to close the gap, she's basically 2x the chance to proc basic attack effects with the boomerang effect which was why she was so dominant with poison star back when it was a thing and once u procced it u win the fight.
He needs exactly 1 ability to clear the wave and then can fight you in it. His ult is a low cd so realistically could just ult when u arrive to lane - i think most people underestimate the dmg his 1 does, in most cases it does pretty much the same dmg as the ult
Bro his antiheal is insane, forgot back in december they gave him a flat 40% antiheal if he hits some1 with his 1, then you also have his ult that goes up to 50% so 90% in total and the stun from the 3 on heal. May have to bring him out again with regrowth as a bruiser, so good.
The problem is late game, if u try to siege and die, the enemy likely get fg for free and push ur base after. I do feel like teams should really be splitting up after they get the buff though, the fg buff lets them win a 1v1 and warriors can sit in a phoenix and solo it with the backdoor removal but teams stay grouped 5v5 walking down a tiny lane at 1 pheonix and get AOE'd by stuff like batz ult, mage poke, support blink ults etc. We used to see NRG run 2 carries with snipes and they'd just hit the backline when they sieged a phoenix and it was free. Isis is getting a buff to her 1 so maybe we see more isis ults at phoenix sieges and end these games a bit quicker.
Mate all you need is a mirror and urself or an object to talk to. You can play drums/make music, do random voices, think of stories etc, eat, piss, sleep. I think it truly depends on one's creative imagination to keep their mind busy.
Basically, she walked left and u didn't look left, that's basically it. But her fog still makes u invisible for like half a second after you leave it, she got pretty lucky. Best to just be patient since they'll most likely juke into you to escape with fog.
If he just 3d he'd have killed like 3 but did his 1-2 combo like a bronze so probably not the best Thor ult but off the ult alone it was pretty damn poggers!
He could also just land, beads and 3. For me personally, thor 3 does so much dmg lategame it's better 90% of the time to just 3 off landing, especially if u hit multiple people, but again that's just for me personally.
When we wash clothes, why don't we turn them inside out before washing them anyway? I mean the inside is what's touching u, not the outside.
There's been multiple tierlists with power rankings of players for this split and adaptings at the bottom. I can see ur point but ur acting as if he's thinking of absolutely everything and what he did was 100% optimal, most of the time a play never is.
There's a clip in the spl where some1 dies in swk ult, being an spl player though, they should've known this since it's widely known.
LEGENDARY
Wraith has humour? Tf? It's a comedy show, she literally doesn't compliment any of the characters. Even rosa jokes and laughs, wraith doesn't make any jokes period.
Idk what show ur watching but a lot of his dialogue is jokes. I mean when he meets munch it's them calling each other creative names, wraith isn't concerned about insulting people, she's got a mission that's it, bland character.
I think people are trying too hard for their main to be a character from 99. Holt makes me laugh a lot, wraith doesn't so I don't see how she would fit in anywhere considering it's a comedy, it's for this reason I'm not fond of her as a character in general. I mean even bangalore has stuff to meme about with the long dialogue about an item. I genuinely don't know of wraith making any jokes which Holt from 99 does, even with his mannerisms. Bangalores probably the most accurate, even if she doesn't make a joke, her mannerisms/meme dialogue makes u laugh despite her being serious. I mean it's very possible the characters could be different in an alternate reality wearing civilian clothing living their day to day lives.
Why are people this fucking dumb. If they've a problem with their account, CLEARLY the bank who put the restriction will take it off if you contact them. Why are you coming to the internet for answers and not ur bank, if you literally googled this question, you'd be told to contact ur bank. People like OP are a different breed, what did u expect you'd get for a different answer? Make a sacrifice to the sun gods? They probably put the restriction on due to money laundering concerns, no it isn't 'unacceptable' to do so if they've reason to. I know cheques for high amounts take longer to process for security checks but there isn't anything like that if some1 pays money into the account like a faster payment. My man probably doesn't have an up to date contact number and bank couldn't get in contact with them. Banks are contactable 24/7 their numbers are on the back of ur cards, this isn't rocket science.
The transition from no nut november to destroy dick december.
Games run better LOL biggest fucking lie ever created, fuck my money pit pc Also there are games that are just horribly optimised for PC like cod mw, it's just constant freezing and crashing. Literally every pc player runs things at the lowest setting for perfect performance over graphics. I've never noticed any performance problems or bugs on consoles ever, the odd crash now and again on ps4 but it just RUNS the games without u doubting is my pc ever going to be 'enough'.
If aim assist were so good everyone would use controller on pc, oh wait exactly nofuckingone do. There goes ur argument.
I'm raging because of cod mw being a shit optimised game and every1 telling u, it's not ur pc its the game. Why the fuck should I have to worry about a dev rolling a fucking dice to make me enjoy a game on that platform, why not just have peace of mind that things work on console. Before my last upgrade I'd play overwatch, play genji, ult dash in and it'd just freeze and that's like spending £600-700 total at that point, PCs are total money pits, FPS's fucking SCARE me dude, they don't wanna ever run. I've had so much problems over the years with my PC and turning into a genius just to fix random shit cause the PC wants to get the flu, honestly who tf needs the hassle. I got my pc built for me by a company, ukgamingcomputers I think. Past year or 2 hasn't had much errors but holy FUCK first couple years was dreadful and then learning of harddrive decay it's like when does it end?
I can't play the game smite now cause it's plagued with freezes and bugs HHAHAHAHH PC MASTERRACE YAYYYYY
Early on he'll get his eat minion around level 2. Likely he'll have jump as well. Could just 1v1 him at that point away from the mids or attack him as he approaches the mids. Wouldn't fight him after a buff is dropped though so after he does blue his passive should be dropping off around the time he gets to fg side mids. This is only if you have some pick/strat that could punish him early since basically he's 1/0 abilities to fight with at level 2 and is only gonna be using autos.
A delayed game may inevitably disappoint as it's expectations rise. A rushed game, may eventually get good but people at launch won't stick around to notice - the turtle from Zelda.
My lord *raises hand, going down escalator*
Jump pads can now bounce death boxes as well as revive and execute players mid jump /s
Sniping shouldn't matter though, it's based more on prediction and timing, than quick accurate aiming like u would a wingman. Auto weapons with recoil long range would matter.
Person in assault doesn't roll or trade their assassin: Pikachu face when they feed and then rage quit.
Good, twice the user, double the fall...
Am loOkin kiNda moZamBleak, ya hEar?
The real trick is going urchin and then building literally anything else afterward, normally works out. Rather effective on loki surprisingly.
Because of sausage?
Sad caustic noises
Meh i wouldn't really go with hemlock since its already really good long range, I'd swap it out for a prowler/flatline or r99/alternator if I'm running triple take, i just think with a hem and a sniper u give urself too little close range dps.
REEEEEPOOOOOOST Even the meme formats outdated
See, the question of when anakin 'died' or truly became 'vader' would be a good talking point for that teacher who put a vote for ROTS over romeo and juliet.
U have a share button on the left of the touchpad on the controller. By default I think u just press it once without holding and it's bring up the share screen asking if you'd like to save a video clip or picture. Then in the ps home menu, you can go to share gallery, can press triangle to trim a video clip and once trimmed, highlight a video and press the share button to get the option to upload it to youtube or other social. I then just link the yt vid to the reddit post.
Np, I'd recommend if you are in the ps home menu, press share to go into it's settings and explore a little, I've changed the share button settings so tapping share takes a pic and holding it in brings up the menu to save a video, it makes way more sense than holding the button in to take a picture to then miss a 'moment' lol
That's pcs in general LMAO, recently I've a fun bug that continually freezes me in games randomly and if u left or right click a tab on the bottom taskbar, it keeps closing out of the open tab if the mouse exits the taskbar area, truly pc-master-race user friendly stuff :)
It records the last x amount of minutes, it might be the last 15 mins by default. Click share button on ps home menu and u can change the length. You can manually record if u double tap share button and when ur done hit share button again but I'd just avoid doing it.
Also would be neat if you do the majority of dmg to some1 and they get knocked by a teammate you get the kill credit and ur teammate gets 'assisted kill'. Can't see why they can't make a setting to customise the top right corner by showing kills and assists all the time or just in ranked or none at all, same applies to dmg dealt.
U say that but a united ireland would still be somewhat alien for those brought up in protestant communities. You make it sound like when a united ireland were to hit, for those to give up on uk/british culture which I don't think many would, they'd rather identify themselves as 'northern irish' rather than simply 'irish', which tbh would be the correct way to go about it till a future generation grows up actually governed without anything to do with uk and britain, then you can call them irish.
Idk if the game was just laggy in firing range but I could still bunny hop the entire time along a zipline without falling.
Wow what a counter /s Afaik bloodhound scan only highlights the real mirage but his ult highlights everything in red.
I think the only difference between mirage tactical decoy and his ultimate decoys, is the ult decoys make no sound. Scan shouldn't highlight ult decoys at all, but afaik it also applies to his tac decoy.
I was the only 1 left in my squad vs the last squad and literally all 3 had full red evo shields and I hit them like 25 times with a sniper and they still had fucking shields left when they rushed me. Must've loot goblin'd all the cells on the fucking MAP.
I do not understand what people are talking about with this wattson nerf. Crypto emp destroys her ult now right? But she can hold TWO ult accelerants in 1 slot so she's way more mobile, it's literally a buff. Set up in a room, pop an accelerant, then if some1 emps u, u just deploy another pylon and 1 or 2 fences to block a door? I really don't see the nerf. If she can hold more ults, she can be more aggressive and not care if u blow a pylon up or have to move to another location.
Hmm, I've got an idea that should work where if u use a mobile respawn beacon, place it near the edge of a map, jump to ur death, ur deathbox will be still back on the ledge u jumped from, once u spawn, go to ur deathbox and it should be a fresh full evo shield. BIG BRAIN
Ah right thanks, I did go through patch notes but must've missed on it only being temporary. 90 secs is still a min and a half which a lot of times is more than the length of time till a ring closes anyway so maybe it's not as bad as we all think, doesn't change anything if a wattsons in an aggressive squad, could be to help fix competitive meta, which lets not forget also included pathfinder rope jumping at end rings. It might make wattsons actually think b4 deploying it, like if they see a squad or are in combat, only deploying it then. Most of the time wattsons do it to help them set up fences. I reckon they could keep the nerf to the ult time but knock a few secs off her fence cds potentially if her stats go down the drain.
Realistically, if a team with a wattson is at a building, they're gonna get rekt by a caustic either way.
If they're in a building just block doors with traps and then they're fucked, caustic nerf doesn't change that
Caustic is so shit on world's edge lol, ur right, prob gonna effect him a lot more for the buildings on that map. Kings canyon has a lot of windows to shoot out pylons b4 ulting and the spaces are much smaller.
New leader in civ 6?!
SMD- sell me deathsticks?
Adam Driver famously took deathsticks between takes just to be able to act out the sequels. 1 day, he was just so BAKED, he took his lightsaber and started slashing a console. Turns out, the director was filming the whole time.
This has to be scripted. Half the replies are, "omg that scared me" "hey every1, watch me over react to some1 standing around the corner where the fridge is, like any1 trying to get something from the fridge would be, oh wow scary!" I actually can't stand american shows with the 'u must laugh now' scripts. Edit: ok that ending makes me want to bleach my eyes
Sure it may look wrong but that number he's claiming is a load of bollocks and u all know it.
Boba actually had very little impact which is why they made jango to appeal the fans, cause he was a badass character that just stood about. Point was, they are a mini villain designed to be killed off in this film about good vs bad essentially. Like PM you've darth maul, TCW, jango fett, ROTS, dooku and grevious. There's a villain designed to be killed per film. (When I re read, I'm actually losing track of my point of what's determined a critical villain and what's not, the prequel references were probably horrible examples.) Edited the edit for the edited edit.
It's easy if you get some experience while ur young in front of a crowd (prob easier if u don't do vocals are just play an instrument to be fair), I 1st started off in a summer rock school, basically for 1 week you met random people got put in groups and by the of the week played a song in front of the performers and their friends/families. Then after made a band with the friend that brought me to that rock school and played gigs for the next 3-4 years across a couple of towns. I'd say playing is the easy part, ur just having fun, it's more, getting a new gig, travelling somewhere new etc. I was 12 at the time of the rock school in a crowd of around 20, played till I was 16 in crowds of around 80-100 on average, mostly volunteering or just enough money to pay for travel/eating at venue. If ur wanting to get into music I'd recommend looking for a community youth group that might do some sort of music group thing over the summer, there's bound to be other places around the world that does it, great confidence booster and helps with CV to show ur ambitious.
How do I do delete some1 else's post?
Other than u know, bathing and showering every other day
Thats what I said?
Dammit, u right
Some say that the guy on the right is stuck in a time warp continuum till this day.
This is the 1st season of the sinner that I've seen and I fucking loved it, the characters were great, I think Harry was amazing from his mannerisms and movement felt so real. The emotion and suspense in some scenes were incredible. Trying to be careful of other season spoilers, but my only concern of s3 was the ending felt a bit abrupt and then fucking netflix AUTOPLAYS TO ANOTHER SEASON instead of letting me process it &gt;:(
No ur not, ur playing lifeline u fucking fraud, with gauranteed healables from extended supply bins. There, I said what every1s too afraid to say
Lowers ur aim sensitivity and is laggy af, if ur picking it up in this mode have a secondary sight, this sight for scouting long range, the secondary sight for mid/close range. If u smoke urself and aim through it, it lags even harder again.
In ms paint u have inner and outer right beside as default. Mspaintgang
Ms paint, there's 2 coloured boxes, 1 is inner, 1 is outer
Perhaps I shouldn't have put the word 'fucking' in a joke comment where u posted about struggling to get cells when blue bins are everywhere, while playing lifeline and yes, ur guaranteed a healable, syringe/cell/med kit/battery, most of times there's cells to use, I see blue bins everywhere. And u have ur ult on a map with charge towers. Remember, u can still open 2nd compartment of blue bins if some1 already opened the 1st part. Bearing in mind some locations have more loot in buildings rather than bins, could change ur drop location. Sorry for sounding aggressive, actually funny that ur immediate response is calling some1 pussy boy. R u a chad alpha that eats raw eggs for breakfast? Chill
It's funny cause the clone wars series he exaggerates his yoda speak 10x. Movie: Go to degobah to pickup my bag I left on the counter, you will. Tv series: Go to degobah, you will. Pickup my bag, you shall. Left it on the counter, I did.
This play let me forgo watching PH today to watch 3 people getting fucked, thanks OP nice play
SUPERMAN!
That just means those People didn't bother with ranked last split.
