Most automakers are making claims to the same aim. None of them are selling full self driving cars at this stage. AP is "not" a self driving system, and too much faith in it has lead to multiple fatal accidents now.
Then again before this year mining V1 was going to be hand tools. Then they realized doing the smaller ship's function was easier/more profitable.
&gt; I think the problem is that we needed to know what happened in between RotJ and the ST do we? Everyone we liked loses and have miserable deaths, showing their efforts before their falls just seem pointless. At least the prequels you know anakin redeems himself eventually, so the story of his fall has a payoff. The ST is an anti-payoff. More like a bill that's looming over anything before it.
&gt;He was arrested later at home by police. The 26-year-old is said to have stopped taking depression medication. :(
See the ship prices, compare them to mission payouts.
dozens of hours for a *dragonfly* is insane for a game that used to claim to plan for maybe 40 hours from 0 to constellation They haven't appeared to even try to make that ballpark, or their competency in regards to looking at some stats and feedback is sorely lacking. I hope it's a lack of effort.
Or did he...? Cue after-credits scene for this movie showing Han with an eyepatch.
Sub counts for a douche? I missed the part where that’s my problem
The first movie had great scraps with US military and robots. I still get aroused by the air support in the desert
&gt; want to have my vehicles and weapons leveled up with unclocks and specializations Sounds like a bad game then. Levelling up giving better abilities is bad game design, especially with vehicles which are in limited supply
The way DICE does it has been bad design for over a decade. Straight upgrades are bad. The way call of duty has usually done RPG elements (unlocks are almost always sidegrades, most of the powerful options being unlocked in default loadouts) is a mostly acceptable way to have RPG elements in a multiplayer FPS.
Most of the examples EA gave for their tank "specializations" did not have a downside: be less vulnerable to a kind of damage, get a better kind of smoke, just straight up faster turret. I saw a clip about a stuka having really effective cannons unlocked if they suffer a grind to get them. That's awful looking design.
*chevy needs braces* **restructuring plan** *chevy needs braces* **restructuring plan** *chevy needs braces* **restructuring plan**
Real question is "Why isn't Sanic here?"
That ending kinda annoyed me and since clearing the game that way I haven’t bothered booting it up
Well no. ROTS and the prequels overall showed the fall of Anakin and the republic, and we all knew an eventual redemption of sorts comes in ROTJ. A thread throughout the prequels is Palpatine gaining power to become the emperor we knew, and we knew eventually fell. The other part is seeing the boy who would become Vader, seeing innocence and noble intentions become twists. It leads into ANH well, its major characters are in positions that we don't have a need to know what happened between episodes. The empire is established, and next episode we know it is still the major enemy. ROTS "flows" into ANH. TFA does not do this, there is no "flow" from ROTJ to TFA. the characters and galaxy are rearranged in a way totally divorced from the direction the OT steered. Like blindfolding a driver and yanking the steering wheel.
7.7 Gotta give the new to jets players a chance
I don't think that makes a lot of sense, surely making the basic triggers for events are solid should probably be done before adding a bunch of semi-random events.
&gt; I mean are we really to assume that no evil would ever rise up again? That there wouldn't be conflict? A group rising to power by picking up the remnants of the Empire seems perfectly plausible to me. The issue is skipping the discovery of this group and its rise to prominence. Going from Empire dead to a new bad faction isn't the problem there, skipping to the baddie faction dominating is crappy storytelling. The empire was a culmination of a plotline shown in the prequels. &gt; Luke is perhaps the best example of character development in the saga. He was at his highest in ROTJ and his lowest in TLJ. His arc from IV-VI isn't abolished by his character state in TLJ, it's continued. &gt;He's realized he'd be doing far more harm than good by leading up a rebellion against the First Order. He's utterly convinced that he needs to isolate himself in order to better the galaxy. &gt; End of ROTJ he's prepared to lead in a new era of the Jedi and he completely fails, so he's decided to cut himself off from everyone and the force because it's what he truly believes will help. His arc in the OT was one of building up, taking his failures and learning from them. Luke in the OT learned to never give up, even when his sister thought he should give up and run away, he faced his own father and saved him. To turn him into someone that ran away from his family and friends is a shitty thing to do, and Rain did not do a convincing job with explaining it. Ultimately, luke failed and ran away to die. That's very out of the character seen in the OT, one who failed in the cave, on bespin, but never gave up. Also, the timeline implied by the movies is that his order fell before the FO became an issue. I am not following the supplementary material disney is making up though, so if the FO is something luke's jedi fought before ben's fall, that kind of story should have been an episode of the saga. &gt; Is it a struggle worse than his original trilogy story? In some aspects, sure. It's certainly tackling heavy themes like failure and isolation. But it tells a fantastic story in TLJ, and really explores who Luke is. In the end, he confronts the personification of his failure in Kylo Ren in one of the best sequences of the entire saga. In all aspects its worse. It breeds resentment in viewers, look how damn toxic the SW fanbase has become over the last few years, especially compared to marvel's. Disney's star wars is bitter, pessimistic, and that does promote those emotions in fans. His little force hologram trick was not a great confrontation because the stakes are lowered by the trick. &gt; And in the end, Luke dies in one of the most well-done death sequences I've ever seen. Not a blaze of glory, just fading away into the force after projecting himself across the galaxy to confront his nephew. What better send off could there be for him? Probably one where he faces off with a true enemy, or has some impact other than stalling for time and maybe becoming a legend. Or an actual sacrifice on his part. Even old kenobi does better in ANH, by still guiding luke to destroy the death star after his "death". Hell, Han's clumsy sacrifice was better done as a narrative device than TLJ luke. He went in with higher stakes since he can't become a force ghost and made the appeal to his son. TLJ set up that luke could be back like yoda appears in the movie, and even have some impact in the material world. That makes the "send off" you see not really a sendoff.
That guy you quote has a plain agenda, and it’s not in favour of meeting Paris
Wars tend to cause rapid advances in machinery though. Especially refinements that are fairly similar to what came before. The Delta 7 makes sense as a last, best model in a series. Plus, I liked Jedi Starfighter the game, overriding for the sake of it by Disney irks me.
I couldn’t stand the unlocking/upgrades in dice’s battlefront 2. Putting 40%health for bombers behind high rank (post rework) was a dealbreaker for me.
[r/comedytaking2aspinandcallinginthemorning](https://fakelink.gottem)
Its disappointing anyone believed he wouldn't cut those kinds of regulations.
since Ford's given up on the current explorer's platform-mates (taurus/fusion?), that advantage is gone. And in this day and age no one buying a vehicle in NA seems to give a fuck about downsides to elevated bodies. If the bronco and/or ranger uses the new explorer's parts bin and/or platform, there's the scale savings
However there was a controversy a while ago when PDP dropped a hard R n-bomb
It wasn't "everyone" that became outraged so much as a shitty disney exec. Most people that saw the context: he was trying to be edgy, regretted the joke comments since being hired by Disney and had not done similar stuff since.
If russia/soviet union didn't industralize as quickly as it did in the 20's and 30's, thanks to economic planning, the nazis could have done a lot more damage. Now that doesn't mean the communist party was good, however to say the world would have been better without them is not very fair.
It's a prequel, "evil jade" is because she's a pirate hunter, so she's "evil" from the point of view of the players
Gameplay starts around 15:30, before that is talking about concept art
I think there is some gnarly radiation out there
They didn’t get the gang together in TFA. Luke, Han and leia never shared a frame together, and never will
Hey, F&amp;F is fun, and the ridiculous ways they raise the stakes each movie make for an entertaining experience, even if it’s best instalments were long ago
The Moochric system
Remind him they relied on horses to move stuff, their tanks reliant on rail transport because they would otherwise break down before touching combat
Until they go over a bump/crack/undulation and then it’s a PTSD flashback to battlefield 3
don't forget its hoovering up STARS for fuel and shooting across the galaxy
Played him like a damn fiddle!
and the height? Critical 4-8" higher, enough to make roads worse for everyone in a car. That added height is where a few inches are making major difference.
Possibly.
&gt; I think it's fair to say that the MCU is now bigger in most ways Ant-man 2 grossed more at the box office than Solo and TLJ's 2018 portion *combined*. And Ant-man 2 was the third, and smallest Marvel movie of the year by box office. Oh, and if you count Deadpool 2, Ant-man is the 4th place marvel character movie of this year.
Because theirs are being the worst. I’m usually partial to Ford the company. A lot of crossovers aren’t as bad as Ford’s LEDs are
And will SC make all its content as accessible for low tier players.
Maybe pull a Kreia from KOTOR2 and have her manipulate sabers with the force.
Vader had the darkness to kill all the Jedi children *personally* and any number of other horrors he inflicted. Ben had literally done nothing wrong yet. Rain may have made Luke *say* that it was a new super darkness, but that still doesn’t fit what we’ve seen from either character. Luke saw a little good of his father deep under the darkness of Vader, the presence just a little good being enough to warrant trying to save him. We’ve seen “some good” in Ben. He was introduced in TFA as being conflicted. That was enough for ROTJ Luke. For it not to be enough for TLJ Luke is implausible.
Gaijin April Fools committee wants to know your location
"Surprise" is this LFL’s only trick. It’s also not something George relied on, nor does marvel We all know the avengers will win and undo the snap next year. But fans want to go on the journey. Episode 6 being “Return of the Jedi” was telling us Luke would win, but we still wanted to see the how. 7/8 try too hard to be mysterious and avoid being what one expects.
With how utterly SPINELESS the conservative party is, he basically is king.
Last time they were in power they passed the ACA. though in trying to gain sufficient support, it was a cut down bill that didn't do everything they wanted (public option), did improve many lives.
Manned turret with the whole gunner's seat raising mechanism adds way more moving parts than a remote turret, which only needs a camera and simple cable. All SC turrets are electrically powered.
No they are not in even the same league as authoritarian right. That kind of rhetoric is what far right uses to excuse their evil actions by trying to equate it with some dumb words. This article is dumb, but equating it to politics is the kind of shit alt fucks did in gaming.
I for one welcome the new r/PrequelMemes overlords
Squadron 42 and delay Name a more iconic duo
Ford’s laughing to the bank with the newest GT Make fewer than people want and they’ll out bid each other and the company wins
And TLJ is the one with a dated ass matrix-like dodge. The prequels avoided dating themselves and will hold up fine for decades. The sequels will definitely not hold up
It’s got some base building and stuff combined with exploration. There’s a “survival “ difficulty that adds some mild challenge, mainly to the initial stage of the game.
They are a society of gamers
Or, She may have thought OP was saying “Dr. Strange, love”
That does the opposite of cheer one up.
TD2 was at games com this year, available for public play. What he said lines up with the show-alpha-demo I got to play
Have to ask Harper, who made the deal and made it deliberately hard to cancel
The APCs are not the key tools for their atrocities, so to cancel without some legal cause would save next to no lives. Cash penalty for canceling (with alternative being WTO punishment, that organization tries to stay away from any human rights appeals) would likely enable more oppression. The main cost would be the likely shutdown and move out of GDLS in London, as they would see the Canadian operation a liability vs. Operating in the states. It’s a bitter pill as I see it with no good outcomes. I’m somewhat Optimistic though that saudis failing to pay may give a safe reason to void the contract though.
Depends on the measurements and assumptions. By simple % I spent most of my time in halo games playing not-splitscreen. But the reason I bought the games and the *best* times I spent on them is in splitscreen. The fact that 343 is going back to splitscreen suggests they made some faulty assumptions or interpretations of their data that made dropping splitscreen seem "logical".
&gt; hasn't that money already been taxed? laughing_accountants.gifv
This was supposed to be a niche project for an audience the major Industry left behind for higher ROI. It’s already been sold to almost everyone that really liked the games it was supposed to be a spiritual successor to.
&gt;F-16, the best fighter the US currently has Come on man. The Eagle, Raptor are clearly better, and super-hornets are maybe better. Also, JSF has no supercruise capability, they dun fucked up on airframe design making it try to fit too many roles.
“Export level” stealth, m8. The older F/A22, B2 are better at staying off radar. F-16 was developed for the light fighter program, goal being cheaper backup to the F15. It’s inferior as an airframe in performance, which was fine because if airspace gets too hairy F15 packages would be sent in. It’s only gained relevance because the large number produced meant more modern electronic integration was cheaper.
China seems* to have a party apparatus which should be able to cover post Xi. However with vladdy, there’s little sign of a setup that could run his ... empire *as far as my semi ignorant ass knows
You might even say *it’s self sustaining now*. Passion making content, making passion, making content
&gt; The old rules banned ads as partisan if the intent was to foster a positive impression of government or a negative impression of its critics, but the new rules say an ad is partisan only if it uses an elected member’s picture, name or voice, the colour or logo associated with the political party or direct criticism of a party or member of the legislature. Seems like they made a similar rule to what the feds were doing with “economic action plan” from 08-15ish. Whether such advertising is partisan I wouldn’t be so sure. I don’t recall any examples of the kinds of ads they brought with the rules, but I doubt they were as suspicious sounding and looking as what we see on the Ontario news now website. Apparently the 2015 rules weren’t enough for the current government. Straight up naming parties, calling OPG dangerous for threatening a strike, it is a bit of a different animal. Their articles use member faces and plenty of Conservative blue.
You’re here saying liberals did *worse* Looking at your evidence I failed to see support for your argument, drawing comparison to what others had done, and contrasting it with the main topic, the ONN. The rules change is still in effect and provincial funds could be used under those rules. However the creation of ONN suggests Doug&amp;friends don’t want to play with those rules, they wanted something more partisan.
And there’s the little troubles with Good Friday Agreement. Any kind of Brexit leavers thought they could get = Troubles 2 (or NIexit).
Progression is not pleasant to me, grind in specific ways for advantages over lower ranked players. 20% cool downs, sometimes even 40% health. Content looks better though. If you don’t mind spending a bunch of hours to get to on the same playing field of abilities, go ahead.
If you don’t mind a grind then you’ll probably enjoy it, might as well try it. Would suggest you try the multiplayer first to see if you don’t mind the look of the grind. Origin is pretty nice about refunding if you’re also polite, so the cost to you is minimal.
It’s not the length or width that make a pickup unpleasant to be around from a car perspective, it’s the bloody belt line. Jacking up the hood so they end up blocking view for their whole length, raising headlights to “fuck your eyes” level.
Classic Golden move
So really the federation should have developed a fast-track program for war crews. leverage holo technology to get ship operations proficiency for the trillions of civilians. Though maybe that would look too desperate for the federation to consider.
Wait until they’re sleeping.
Cute stuff, but do they have their T4’s for the elves?
And?
I thought the main causes were Jimmy saying so uncomfortable truths with environment, combined with the poor economy (which may have been partially his fault, the gas crisis not so much ) and Americans lovin the old cowboy Reagan. Jimmy seemed to good for the US from the view of this late 80s born Canadian.
Not from a 4-cylinder
I’ve been trained in your logistical arts by Count Bezos
Clark shits on Eddie the instant he shows up, and on basically everything he does, but who got him the most important gift, his boss?
*Worked
Prequelmemes offer you friendship and you spat in their face
When a DLC is planned before the game is developed, it creates an impression of an incomplete game. Like if a puzzle had bits on one edge that were shaped for an add on puzzle. The customer won’t get the complete feeling product without paying more than initially thought. They may feel short changed and disappointed by an otherwise good experience, that at a glance looks complete.
Budget makes the most sense. The TOS movies had some security guys wear something akin to armour. Because they had time and budget to consider such details
Sunday
I’d suggest in addition to chasing a trend, that wackier art styles can create more scaleable games from mobile to PC
I seriously like the look of the new Prius pHATEev
The gap will always be at least about 15-20%. Building taller increases front cross section, which always increases drag even if you can make the Cd close to a car. The reason is people don't like being blinded, and the proportion of high-headlit vehicles has become too great.
I’ve always seen it as an attempt to encourage more environmentally sustainable practices with a mild economic incentive, in many sections. Things that pollute more will cost more as their taxed throughout their production chain, but the cost to us should mainly be offset by rebates. So making the right choices (cleaner car) could be slightly profitable
Surely they need 2 games released to get back their name
To be fair, kids are often not well informed.
However BF4/1 are games where the base game was only about 1/2 the intended MP content. Both still had (then pricey) "premium" DLC packages to get. BFV is 1/2 price for all the maps as they come.
You can focus on stuff further away in real life than in a game, so that little zoom was nice way to emulate it IMO
And all these time travelling tigers
As someone that made a period canadian flag for their BF1 emblem, just need turtlenecks underneath the jackets for true Canuck
US also has the *top 2 airforces* The only air power stronger than the US navy is the USAF That is not cheap
Does the fetus consent to sharing fluids and nutrients with the mother? Shouldn’t a fetus be considered property until it can sign contracts? Or maybe libertarianism is dumb
WD2 at least seemed to go past cringe and full circle to Hilarious in my opinion. I found her rather annoying yet really liked WD2, though ironically.
Br-Z is the modern basic mustang
You mean going Pooh Bear mode isn’t hot? Fock I’ve been doing it all wrong
That’s Kirk Lazarus
XSDB is the best anti ground weapon SFFS is best anti-ship though, one shot one kill when deploying low enough.
So it looks like a lease, but you can choose to buy it at the end
So? There’s still too little ~~demand~~supply for the ~~supply~~demand, which drives prices up. Any given home is sitting on the market for not long before being bought, and the homeless aren’t a big proportion of the city population. A city like Toronto or Montreal needs at least a 50,000+ unit surplus to *start* addressing the runaway prices.
In either case OP can be from a Birmingham
And scores more people around the world that invest in companies that operate in north america. That spray-tan, comb-over, daughter-fucker is wiping out my $AMD gains from last week.
&gt; rubbish compared to what disney's churning out and trying to justify their movie mistakes, it was gold.
[this, but star wars](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Midway_(1976_film\))
Exactly what Vlad does. The GOP's future for america is Russia Today.
&gt; Holdo doesn’t trust Poe because he had just cost the Resistance a whole fleet of bombers because he disobeyed orders. Not only that, but the plan didn’t actually work out in the end. They gave up a fleet of bombers and barely made a dent in the FO fleet. That battle cost the Resistance fleet most of their fighter fleet as well, making any attempt to fight the FO fleet completely pointless. Poe fucked up big time and thousands paid with their lives. The plot hole is that Leia trusted him, not that Holdo didn’t. Well Poe did literally just destroy the FO's superweapon star-killer-base, not even a couple days earlier. As far as possible spies go, he shouldn't be even close to on the list. Unless we're to believe that the FO would sacrifice their cross-galaxy superweapon, and a fleet-killing dreadnought to implant a spy in a group with utterly trivial resources by comparison. Based on the assumption the FO didn't have a star forge in snooki's anus, Poe's decisions should have done a lot of damage to the FO, with relatively low cost. Remember the rebellion lost 90% of their fighters attacking the OG death star, only to be driven from that base. Holdo's plan was terrible, we're to believe the FO wouldn't investigate crait when the only ship they're chasing flies by it, and then runs out of fuel and they destroy it with no seeming evacuation? crait's rebel base remnant would be spotted easily, and annihilated by a dreadnought (if they had one handy, good thing Poe killed it)
I’m betting the opposite, the cable companies will love to charge users and companies for “offering” unlimited Netflix/google
And they did work that fixed it. And learned from it so Div2 is in an okay state currently. Though there are some issues with it ATM they’ve earned a level of trust they’ll fix them. EA’s ME:A, battlefront 2, anthem, and BFV have all done worse. (Yes I’m calling the current bfront2 shit, the star card upgrades are horrible game design and should have been removed, not just changed to grind instead of loot box) DICE’s post launch support has this overwhelming feeling of cheapness to it. From the map trickle to cosmetics coming slow and poor.
Do you think Old Steve and young Steve would “share” Peggy?
He’s 23 bruh.
&gt; Brexit, on the other hand, isn’t necessarily awful From the perspective of people that like to live, work, and travel away from their birthplaces, it definitely is. So from the perspective of the large majority of Ubisoft employees, it’s bad. Any further and we’ll be getting into political ‘debate’ that’ll likely run afoul of rules here.
Air play is disgusting thanks to the specializations and lack of balance. They got the infantry mostly good, but the combined arms are a seriously troubled in BFV
O ω O?
Did he like X3? Actually wait, if he did he might still not like this
There were articles of people seeing avatar 43 times or something far more insane Go For It
And there’s no guarantee there will be the freedom previous games had. And it’s a far cry from the true freedom we had with simple server files that opened the gateway to infinite maps via modding
I know if the old fuckers around here continue being fuckers and give Diane another term this fall, I’ll be leaving for good. Also, his non-apology is pretty disgusting &gt;disappointing that people misconstrued my Tweet about having the liberty to debate issues big and small thanks to the sacrifices of our veterans. There isn't a debate over the beer store contrace cancellation, it's just doug trying to ram through opiates for masses. and toby is being exactly the type of **bootlicker** that enabled fascism leading to WW2.
I genuinely want free movement and free trade to be hand in hand
I like the sound of taped mags Probably needs an animation though, and special rules since the CTAR, F2000 wouldn’t be able to fit them without clipping into the gun in an ugly way
probably making cars in country with limited trade agreements is undesirable, financially speaking. Better to deal with a potential barrier to the UK market of 55M people than one to the market of over 450M people in the EU.
Hiding? no it was legit trying to poop, then feeling like I have to poop still, then 45minutes later dropping a couple little turds, likely because I finally caught up on water intake. SHOUT OUT TO THE OTHER CONSTIPATED COMRADES
Last I checked on PC (although that was only a little after forsaken) getting into MM activities was really hard with D2 due to player count.
I think [2007 iron man](https://youtu.be/kks694zDLGA?t=125) game did flying so much better than anthem, that I don't get the praise for it. Anthem (at least in the beta/demo I played) is basically set in a series of really tall and rather narrow canyons, and they make you overheat pretty quickly if you don't hug the ponds. If you took away that overheat, and made the maps really open, and made the flight to hover transition smoother, I'd probably have tried buying it by now.
I think the SFFS is better than the LACM, as when you release it low enough that the bomblets overlap, it will 1-shot *any ship.*
and before the monkey paw gets this, make them not Boin-only
Flack guns and anti-air missiles could be plenty of “going to ground” encouragement, or having objectives under stuff. And the most grounded suit in anthem (hulk buster looking thing with a shield) was garbage feeling anyway, I’m pretty sure the people that like some of it’s gameplay were in the lighter, more airborne suits anyway.
and where's the fun in making lighter ships weaker not only in terms of stuff like protection, but also speed&amp;agility? If anything, the 300i should be slightly more agile, and the heavier ships should have limited rotation.
Make the trigger for it killing a Nazi in view of the soviets.
They originally said only UEC and game packages.
&gt; but when I think of a Honda Pilot I imagine the driver is a middle aged lady with a 'speak to the manager' haircut, not some rugged outdoorsman. and they think the pilot is cool because it's 'road presence' or whatever. Basically an extension of the talking-to-manager personality, thought you were safe when you got out of retail? HA HA HERE COMES KAREN'S SUV/TRUCK
&gt; With the current vanlife craze, I'm amazed no one is working on an adventure lifestyle van to sell people. If the price is right, I expect the production result of the VW id.buzz concept (literally VW microbus but it's electric) will sell like mad.
point is tech in a car (or civil infrastructure such a street lights) has to be a lot more robust than you phone and tablet. So the latest designs don't often get to market in these applications until years of testing and improvements.
Give me a good enough job and I will
More like "our brains can't easily deal with" detail being culled aggressively, because that's why *literally every excessively foggy game ever* used an excess of fog.
I remember the rest of my 4th grade class thinking that 20 years ago. I doubt it, I doubt any Canadian team can win the cup anymore.
So it’s 90% safe bet that another map will be a wake island, as it’s been modernized in several times before. Which leaves map 3 as the wildcard.
Guadalcanal would make the pacific batch literally be all the 1943 maps. Which would seem to me to be minimum effort route, since they all should exist in the frostbite database
If they made ships we can drive, midway would be sweet
ICE *deserves* to be on trial in The Hague
I liked the starfighters, mainly in beta/demo where unlocks were reduced. my comment is focused on that. they definitely took longer than that and were more consequential. 40% more bomber health is insane for a PvP game.
Gold standard currencies deserve to be put down
These are like the opposite, scratchers are shit because payout is too low
And merc has stopped developing? I remember merc pulling away in the summer in most of the last few years.
Doesn’t he still stream them?
Maybe combine them with Hot wheels (because Mattel) and if licensing gods can bless it, LEGO assets as well
“Hurting the average person” is their meme to get rubes to support their rich boi tax slashes which come with some cut to a sin tax.
*If your grandkids don’t call will you die?* It would be extremely painful *You’re a tough cookie* **For you**
TFU&amp;it’s sequel had stormtrooper heads and arms popping off in a T rated affair, and losing limbs is a classic Star Wars thing among skywalkers.
90% think they have, Which can mean multiple things: * some part of the other 10% may still be falling for such disinformation * some part of the 90% could be trump-like and call things they see as bad as “fake news” they believed because it was in fact real What I’d be curious about is what proportion of people’s news feeds contain disinformation, though that information is likely hard to acquire.
He can be both
Sudden Medicare for all puts hundreds of thousands of people out of well paying jobs, basically trading livelihoods and plausibly lives if insurance workers commit suicide due to issues from their loss. And the guiltiest people, the C-suite executives, will do fine with gold parachutes. The middle managers won’t, and the market flood of such people looking for work can depress white collar wages. The US will have to gradually transition to public healthcare, with things like public options and quality of care standards.
&gt;“No one wants to see your bright orange car every time they look out their window. Park on another street. You have no right to park here.” Colour is definitely a factor, unless others in his building have similar harassment, which doesn’t seem to be the case.
So if it’s on Facebook it must be true...
This was more r/comedyEDMremixing
Couldn't he still be a character, who hacked into your brain or something with a chip, like a future cyber-transmitted-disease
&gt; No one is producing AAA VR exclusives except for them. Sony doesn't exist?
So? facebook isn't aiming to be PC either. Proof of course being this article. Besides, the occulus rift was funded sufficiently in the kickstarter campaign. facebook wasn't an angel investor, they bought out the company. Valve has done more for VR as a topic with their open software support and now their next-gen index.
I played it on my PS4 so....?
And she seems fine as a representative. She makes mistakes from a lack of experience, but that’s fine due to minimal cost and the fact she’ll gain experience. ^AOC^pls^DM^me
Maybe test alternate battery ideas for grid-scale storage. Stuff like pumping a lake up to store energy, and then releasing it through hydroelectric dam for a large battery that requires very few rare earth metals
Next to minecraft
Just get a 3950X and you’re good
It got better with patches, but it launched rough. I was trying to list troubled games from a variety of publishers.
That's more the treyarch titles, BO3 was the worst before BO4. Infinite warfare and WW2 that came out between them were a lot fairer by comparison (though both had some sour spots)
2. GOG also has modern releases, shadow warrior 2, witcher 3. it's just not as many publishers want to put their newest stuff on a DRM-free platform. 3. by being less convienent or more intrusive than steam, epic/facebook exclusive titles end up pirated more. 4. Epic's "lower cut" means they should be competing on price, as the publisher won't agree to their game being given away. Epic's title poaching is not competition (aka good capitalism) like steam, uplay/origin, GOG, and so on, it's rent-seeking (aka bad capitalism). Title poaching is not "the only way" to compete. Making a better service for consumers, offering lower prices, or working on satisfying a new market demand are completely valid and ethical ways to compete and succeed in business. Microsoft worked on backwards compatibility from X360 to X1, now forward compatibility. Sony has been doing cloud-based work. both have worked on different TV/general media features. Their competition hasn't been focused on title-poaching, and when those cases popped up, they've not been positively received. Now I feel like we're getting too focused on epic here, this is supposed to be about the occulus bullshit. Facebook is all kinds of unethical practices, and their increasing restrictions on hardware are the main point to this comment section. It's like if apple was throwing C&amp;D's at WINE developers for letting users use it to use PC software on apple hardware. people with macs that rely on Wine to run applications they use would be pissed.
for now and for the unofficial modification, wait and see next year...
Felt like the soft sprung American cars portrayed, on shitty all-season tires like most NY cars are. Stuff rocked and slid in satisfying ways to see. there was literally only one car (the turismo) that should have handled better.
If the long wheelbase and gladiator chassis works, why make another platform and redo front suspension/engine/axle/steering packaging?
Physics grids nullify the need for any of that HOWEVER, I do see pallets have become some kind of lostech to SC’s galaxy. I think basic drone forks and pallets would be a really nifty future way to move stuff
I’m trying to decide if I should sell my month old 100, could buy a fresh 3800X system with the gains
If that’s how it worked, people snapped back would all be dead in a minute because they’d come back in vacuum of space due to cosmic drift.
Lucky for them they’re leaving it, because apparently the building is cursed to favour Canadian teams
Looks better than the pencil-dick nose guns
The cat is several size tiers past these ships, these ships should be relatively trivial to earn if you’re there. Getting 1M UEC isn’t so easy in an aurora, which is where most aspiring owners of these ships will come from.
And how long does a covalex take? If you’re lucky, A solid 10 minutes, assuming nothing happens to slow you down, so 100 of them means doing a very boring grind for at least 16 hours
Since they’re under sanctions, they’re not freely able to sell their oil, so driving up the price doesn’t let them sell any more of it. This theory fails the sniff test.
Did he gas his people tho?
So how TF can’t you find better police officers? No excuse
Taika is in it? SURPRISE GREEN LANTERN 2 BOIIISS!
Only way they can win without cheating. Only way they’ve won a popular vote in a generation.
They better not repeat the gen3 mistake and never let type-c rebrand and usb4gen1 or something.
It’s grinding for bullshit upgrades still. They did a bare minimum for it
He’s got shit bots upvoting him instead
If you're not counting river cruise ships, which these SC ships should be more like since they're not in-space for weeks at a time. There are a lot of luxurious cruise ships which are comparable in size to the 890. The [Marco Polo is 178m](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/97/Marco_Polo_Bergen_2010.JPG/1920px-Marco_Polo_Bergen_2010.JPG), and used to be an ocean liner, can handle far more people. Real world escort carriers were under 200m as well. frankly, CIG has gotten ridiculously oversized in their ship design, with tones of "dead" space inside ships. The cutlass is twice as tall as it needs to be, for example. But things get dramatically worse as we go to the starfarer and reclaimer.
That doesn't really jive with how they've made the 300, reliant, avenger. if anything, the issue is bad hover-IFCS and the monstrously sized hover bikes, (the dragonfly would struggle to fit in a car garage). it tends to be ships that were supporting a ship inside them that have these issues. And I wish CIG would have worked on making the hover bikes smaller first, instead of ballooning ships to fit, which is having knock-on effects with ship-carrying ships.
I've been taking to avoiding building more highways with my current city, with the exception a freeway going through (because it's a map with highways on different sides of the rivers, and connecting both highways with roads caused massive traffic drove through the city.) it's a lot nicer to get the highway density more "realistic"
Don’t need to aim for us? Sure, but BF5 sales suggest that not making an effort to court core audiences has an adverse effect on overall sales for a mass-market title. Plus, this showing of the game must have been targeted at core audiences, the casual isn’t seeing that show, making the effort to show anything a waste under your logic.
Jango had T W O B L A S T E R S And a dope videogame
I haven’t heard much of that stuff in the PvE I play, certain less of that shit than in something like *Rising storm 2*
HIGH SPEED LOW DRAG
How is a ship being default superior going to be good? Classes should be interchangeable with their own balanced attributes players can choose among: Civvie: low cost, output, middling toughness and reliability, emissions average Industrial: very reliable, very tough, high emissions, medium output, cost. Military: costly, medium output and emissions, tough. Stealth: lowest emissions, lowest output, costly when reliable, maybe questionable legally Competition: highest output but weak in terms of degrading fast and vulnerable. High cost and high emissions. Then players can build their ships based on what they need, be it sneaking, low maintenance, competition, instead of being forced into a certain role by the developers. Stealthy data runners make sense, as do speeding-through trouble, and the player should choose that by components. Without choices in components, there will be utterly cookie cutter builds for ships. Just optimize it for the developer intended unique selling point. With civ/comp only for a 350R, you just race it. With full choices, you’d have choices of industrial specced like a Dakar rally in space, stealth smugglers, or high speed low drag mil spec interceptors.
If(man.skin)== ‘brown’ rage();
alien race has cloning sickness, can't fuck anymore. They're looking for fresh DNA to use so they can fuck once more, and humans are a promising source.
&gt;Anything that is smaller than a freighter or a specifically designed hauler like a HULL series is for taking several delivery runs or small amounts of high value cargo. So that would put the reliant kore alongside the 300 series, aurora, avenger, as well as the freelancer and cutlass, which are both also meant for small scale stuff as they're dwarfed again by the constellation, caterpillar, and hull series in cargo capacity.
old dudes that find out the C8 isn't so golf club friendly I molested one of these Z4's a couple months ago, and baby's got truck space. If I graduated from weird to eccentric in the near future I’d get one
.280 British and EM-2 were the ideal post war round and rifle. But the round was stopped by the ass-backwards *checks notes* US.
Oh bother
200-300 hp is a good time, 1000hp is a statistic
Needs something up front for visual balance of thrust, Mav thrust on the big cutty is too understated
Looks like a dystopian hellscape Well done OP 👍
Ahh, to that I would argue it’s better than sending it on trains throughout NA, including to ships, and in theory most boats are going across the pacific. Also, he’s less pro-Alberta oil than the other main party that could win this fall. A lot of anti-Trudeau sentiment comes from albertans, who sometimes seem to rather be Americans, so please pardon my suspicion over your “home state” comment.
I think they did and then removed it from streamers whining about not having “easy” wins
Maybe briefly, but India will probably take over shortly after they surpass the USA Unless some borders opened up in the west. I’m talking NA-EU with intercontinental schengen.
If you saw them in 44/45 the standards were down to “male, not trying to kill Adolf”
If MS is smart it’ll be in the game officially, like the warthog in forza
Technically, if we ignore the fact that the thrusters have a very loose relationship with what they do. Not just the orientation, but also their exhaust is dramatically less than what is needed to move the deceptively massive ships by Newtons 3rd law.
It feels condescending, like Toto saying “Ferrari has the faster car” before they 1-2 the race.
Less than 2x was what I was thinking for “not that much more”, in the context of triple screens and such.
If these anti-immigrant shits win the Canadian election this fall, I’ll be aspiring to that expat life
I found some of the new challenges pretty fun, like the low-charge EV where you’re sort of hypermiling back home over hills and switchbacks
&gt;corvette “brand” Does anyone under 60 here see corvette as it’s own brand and not a Chevy? It’s like the Dodge Ram. The parent company isn’t making a replacement in the “spin off” brand segments, the dealers are the same too.
Best chance non-con. Be it liberal, NDP, or in a couple special places, green.
Which is why he bowed out once Warren got into this cycle...
My top 3 are Beto, Pete, and then Warren actually. Biden and Bernie are my bottom two
Still it’s only selling about 1/5th the sales the town car had back in early 2000’s. I’m reasonably sure sportier cars have dropped less over the last 20 years.
And it’s still pretty bad because they just swapped the unbalanced upgrades with “rarity levels” behind a points grind *using the specific class/vehicle* so you have to fight at disadvantages like -40% bomber health.
How would the gun tell the HUD it’s aimpoint? Wirelessly? Not a good idea in a combat scenario with EMP stuff going off and any sort of weird signals or interference potential. A cable would be impractical and liable to catch on something Attachments make sense for foreseeable future tech. That said, CIG’s weapon design feels *uninspired* compared to some of the future-set call of duty games, like advanced warfare had a rifle that 3D printed its bullets and you just “reload” the tube of print material. Also I hope the pic is a bugged out sight, because it looks rough
probably not, but it was a call of duty where you wore G-force ignoring jetpacking exosuits, dropped into Korea, and pressed F to pay respects. The gun was at least creative in terms of function, in a way that looked kinda *plausible* and the model told you just enough about how it worked to fit in with the setting.
I don't think the issue is they released too soon. If it was just too soon, then the game would have been trending in a more positive direction and more constantly. However the animosity here is as high as ever since release. So to me the issue is more with DICE's lack of direction. There is no apparent focus on what BFV should be. We have this attempt to show lesser battles of the fall of france and norway, yet the "allied" players have no even semi-accurate french, british/commonwealth, or dutch outfits, and the focus of leaks is just *more american* stuff, when most of the existing allied players are all kinda american anyway. Then there's the map content, with much of the post-release mapping efforts being for a battle royale and the upcoming stuff for a R6siege ripoff. The MP additions have mainly been temporary MP modes, which split a playerbase in a way adding maps wouldn't.
In indie game sure. on PC where memory is practically unlimited. You don't see ubisoft, bethesda, activision, or bungie just tossing something this random in "for fun" bethesda even showed off a bunch of random features from a dev-jam week that never made it to skyrim, because they were just for fun and not able to be pushed to the full multiplatform game requiring multiple companies to certify, strict memory limits.
Not really, WW2 and infinite warfare were both better than the earlier BO3 in terms of not fucking players with loot boxes
Dice is EA, and has been for 14 years now.
Are "they" really though? somehow the titles between BO3 and BO4 all managed to be a lot fairer than this. Pardon me for the doubt, but this seems like the choice of high-ups in treyarch, probably the new-tesla-buying exec(s) mentioned briefly.
took them 2 years to get into the war IRL.
if you're not focusing on DPS, what are you using CDC for? at the end of the day, DPS and effective health are the key stats for how quick you kill and how long you live. CDR's impact on DPS gets way too high at the upper end, losing just 10CDR halves the DPS. that kind of paradigm is very unbalanced.
Also on isolating america from liberal democracy at large.
SOTG summary mentions SP can be used to activate mods with a sizeable boost to skill haste, but nothing about SP directly improving haste. so either that's wrong and massive is going to give 3 ways to lower CD (SP, SP-based mods, AND directly from gear) or the silly forumula meme is. Also, CDR is anything but linear in its impact. Haste will actually have a linear impact on DPM with your skills, whereas 80-90 CDR is exponentially better than 0-10
if I had the money for one of those, I wouldn't be in ontario for very long. get a 911 and a place in germany near the nurburgring for 240k.
I’m really tempted to get a pimax this summer since they’re also on a little discount. Maybe get it and then the index station/controllers...
Yeah there are sexual assaults that don’t approach the severity of rape. However, “the allegations” brought against Brett were a lot closer to rape than an ass-patting sexual assault. From what I read of her account, I think attempted rape is an appropriate description. Trying to strip a drunk girl on the bed sure seems to me like trying to rape, but I don’t have experience with those kinds of parties so ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ as the other poster said, focusing on the difference seems like the kinds of arguments made to excuse his action, even when it’s not your intent.
Max is trading places with the Ferrari driven by a 4-time champ, while in a car powered by not enough dreams. He literally hasn’t made a mistake since atoning for the Baku crash into Danny, he’s matured dramatically over the last 14 months. He most likely could be on Lewis’s level on a similar car.
I’m saying max’s on a level that with a equal car he’d very likely be on Lewis’s level, and then we could actually see who’s better.
Sounds like a major source of bugs that’ll annoy players. They’ll have to make an NPC there act flawlessly.
Not on Canadian amazon unfortunately
I do remember trying to, in the past, but the bomber pilots just go straight for their points farms.
At least mechanical failures help create the impression they’re pushing their own limits too far, and create podium variety This merc domination looks even worse when they’re reliable, because it seems like they have extra potential they’re not bothering with.
Those nose guns are neat for the space P-38 or space mosquito style it was going for in concept. the issue is more that it's a bloated, pigfat ship thanks to the manned meme turret and its peashooters.
except, you know, for the whole incoming climate catastrophe. seriously, places that *never* had issues are getting flooded. Anote's Ark. watch it.
solo-only DZ's would be a decent solution/compromise, as the worst people aren't simply the random shooters, but the ones that go in as a group to easily beat up on smaller group/solo players. solo-only DZ would be a more interesting, and fairer, dynamic.
And a bunch of features slipped to later quarters over the course of the last couple months
And/or how hard he was pushing it, and people pushing limits is what we like to see in F1.
And he gets to say to the country club rivals that he supported the vets to the tune of almost 3mil, while having an asset worth probably still several hundred thousand. That can be worth the money when he has so much and so little to use it for.
With your host, Richard Hammond
They had a bunch of unrealistic plans, too many have been generously interpreted by guy Jim already. The 32 pdr mosquito actually flew, and fired its gun.
WDC standings disagree
It’s not that bad, better than CVTs Though still a wrong choice for a car for mass market.
The position of Lewis/max when Lewis was putting seemed to glitch a bit
It looked from the TV like he was still gaining on bottas, and merc was struggling on tires all day. But if their better timing data showed the gap wasn’t decreasing enough, then I see why.
Yeah I’m a fan of Max being Powered by Dreams, just memeing about the stewards maybe deflating this awesome moment.
Jacking it up encourages the market to choose better vehicles for the environment.
GT3 and 4’s licenses were how I learned to take a racing line, I wish other sims would include similar stuff
He’s no Ice Man yet, he’s in Cool Water Guy stage
Barrel Jackson is a decent place for some cheaper European/80s stuff because it’s almost totally boomers trading camaros/challengers/corvettes/mustangs
If Norris took a Honda powered RB to the 2020 WDC, and Max secures WCC, Mclaren would need to go on suicide watch
In unrelated news, Italy is now reporting a shortage of floor heaters
Wrong. Democrats built bridges via nuclear deal which trump specifically canceled out of pettiness. Neoliberals want more open borders for goods and people too, which is also the opposite of contemporary republican goals. You don’t bomb suppliers or customers, trade is peace.
K, boomie
JJ’s prequel planet was probably blowing up courscant in TFA though, but LF probably saw that as too edgy.
Just a single “veto” vote. Like the good old days with halo 3 and such.
Canada has an interesting pair, if we go by currently in production: Most power is Ford GT at 670 hp or whatever Least power is Ford GT GT3 at a mere 500 ish (depending on BoP) They’re technically made for Ford by a Multimatic, *a Canadian headquartered company*, which does work with a number of different automakers. This is different from other cars assembled in Canada by other companies.
But those are made in FCA owned plants, the GTs are made in a non-ford plant
Bugatti doesn’t make stuff for parent company competitors like Aston Martin or GM. Multimatic does.
Except most games have fairer progression. Bfront 2 is one of the worst mainstream games for this
4 shots, which can get you a couple kills because it can shoot them really quicky, it *can* one-shot people, but not reliably I find it good for ground war as a "git out of ma house" tool
Why is James May an insurgent of some kind now? ^And^where^do^I^sign^up^to^join?
THE STREAK CONTINUES!
Oh I’m thinking of those Those littler things too, they go down in like half a mag of a FMJ FAL that can hit them pretty quick and easy Ground streaks are harder for sure though, if I could find any!
Soviet officers of the time looked better And the British commonwealth had sweet hats and turbans and so on that could give some diversity in a semi-historical manner.
Imagine being triggered enough to make two comments that say the same dumb shit.
Aren’t minds (hydras) technically vex constructions, not actually vex? Likewise with harpies? I thought the implication of a few things about them is that the white fluid is the vex, the forms are just like exoskeleton or vehicles to them, and not technically “alive”. Hence why harpies and hydras aren’t taken-able (unless I’m forgetting something) And I from what I recall in the saint-14 rescue mission, he says the vex built a mind to drain his light.
You say plain, others may say “uncomplicated” Personally I’ve found ford switches and buttons nice and easy to use, well laid out and labeled. But I’m also more used to them though it could be bias
Paul Martin stayed out of the Bush/Cheney Iraq, seems reasonably likely Justin will stay out of a Iran war. Not that one will happen, this shit is a play to spook people, they’ll make up a de-escalation just in time for the US election *this year*.
Imagine finally getting a turn on the holodeck, you’re in the middle of that hedonistic zero-g orgy, with the only things in reach being alien erogenous zones you always wanted to try, then BAM! The whole thing shuts off, you drop on the cold grid floor, and then get tossed to the side and splashed by your own fluids.
They lost like 2 of them, but they also knocked out at least 3x as many snowspeeders and wiped out all other rebel ground defences. And still succeeded in their goal of crushing the base, and destroying the shield generator.
And said son was personally killed a number of nazis, and lead forces that were key to winning the war at key battles? I’m confident most people would be okay with that. Actions speak louder than ancestry.
**Yes**
This comment chain is about the ots-14 groza, which is a bull pup in 9x39 or 7.62x39
Except FB can and does use their stupid amount of cash to buy up exclusive content to depress rival headsets. Like if big asbestos was buying your grocery stores, making as big an effort as they can afford to force you to deal with it to access consumables.
More like to undo hobo farmer’s life’s work
Depends if we subscribe to the idea Anakin is a direct result of Plagieus/sidious experiments creating life. I believe it’s more like the force reacting to the sith’s perversion of life &amp; death, like “oh shit these sith need to go” so it creates a chosen boi to destroy them and (re)balance the force, as per Jedi prophecy
Cool design and fight choreography is all he needed to have. He’s just a henchman that gets killed* he didn’t need “depth” or to subvert expectations.
Glue some shit to a MP5/G3 and they’d have a passable blaster for something set a while after the original trilogy.
"say". Indeed, but emphasis on the present tense. They had to make it clear *after being sued over their previous claims* misleading people into believing the cars more capable than they were.
bullshit they just have to *raise the speed of light* so signals can move faster.
No, those things require several months of support from a person, impacting their daily life. They don’t develop on their own. They don’t have capacity for thought.
They’ll do less damage with less mass around them
Not as much. Unibody construction and far lower height mean a totalling accident likely goes both ways, and crash structures on both do their jobs to absorb energy.
That's just the attempt to bandage the plothole, and I don't believe it passes a sniff test. She (and Luke) were heroes of the rebellion. That they had blood relation to notorious imperial wouldn't be a major scandal that damages them, it would just further show how they committed to a just cause. Civil wars can be full of families fighting each other. After them only a paranoid authoritarian regime would be ostracizing former heroes for their blood. And the NR wasn't that.
I think the closest we got were some of George’s notes thinking yoda’s species were the whills, and more connected to the force His episodes 7-9 would explore and expand on this.
Neat guns, but the core gameplay makes me think I don’t want to use them because I could lose them.
Beats your bus pass. And still goes strong with 110,000km, and using 6.5l/100km
If batteries get good enough to just need an engine bay’s worth of space, EV swaps could be rather pain-free.
Exactly. Maps like COD4’s crash port play just fine because there are not so many dark windows
And I can’t imagine they often fit the full batteries without some serious modification of host car body/chassis. I’ve heard of using a portion of a tesla’s batteries, which naturally limits range. But things are getting closer every year.
They want to *feel big* and are more secure/comfortable that way. It does suck for the rest of us, making our roads less safe with their mass and sight line blockage.
Well on *Riverdale* Archie literally ended prison violence with a speech about how great high school football is.
Most/all parties that stand to “gain” from this awful event are trump-aligned. From Iran’s longtime enemies in Saudi Arabia, to destabilizing Russians (like when they shot down a passenger jet over Ukraine)
This is a direct consequence of his stupid actions in 2017 with the cancelling of nuclear deal. This started isolation, which breeds desperation, which breeds violence, which leads to war. Which will be his best chance at winning re-election this fall, like how Iraq helped GWB&amp;cheney.
Long range (to me that’s 100m+, more than real life pzfst and PIAT range) should be the domain of field AT guns. Which should be man-pushable for some flexibility, and not have minimal/icon spotting so they have a sneaky chance. And be able to really hurt tanks. Like kill in 2-3 hits.
Maybe it depends on your use cases. When I had an AMD card, it didn’t like having my monitor and TV attached at same time, and a number of games I played had weird issues at times. Stuff like empire at war or battlefield 4 acted odd. I’m glad their processors have been good though, and my 1600 turned 3600 +1080 have been great
Assuming there is just one timeline the records may have been destroyed in Earth:Romulan war. Or we could suggest that Enterprise (and later discovery) are a different, but somewhat parallel timeline created by the first contact incident. We could say every time travel creates a new timeline, and that is why star trek's earth's history changes several times, as the 90's went from world/eugenics wars to basically like our own LA. Space colonization efforts pushed back from late 20th to early 21st century because people keep messing with time. Those time travellers with linear perspectives of time are those that cannot figure out how to return to their own timelines after changing a past.
Short version: It's an episode from the bondage universe.
I hope it’ll also copy into FO4VR without too much trouble.
To act like the Liberals are the same as Conservatives is a mindset that only damages political discussion. Acting like only "the left" can have compassion is silly at best. From Carbon Tax to child poverty reduction, we're way better off as a country than we were before Trudeau. I know families who would be in real trouble without the progress they made in the last 4 years. Conservative government would have fucked them.
A genetic component to force sensitivity was a thing in the OT. Remember kenobi says "if anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to [palpatine]" the 50's diner aesthetic makes sense for something set 20-ish years before the 70's aesthetic OT.
Said cartoon did excuse his state in ROTS though, with mace crushing his chest
It’s a dark day when u/GIVE_CHAUCHAT becomes more of a u/GIVES_UP
It’s the one place Vader would never want to return to, and he had no idea he had any kids until the OT
&gt;Love me a kinder surprise &gt;me Now wait just a second, buster.
With stealthy planes and drones, any sudden blip on an old ass Soviet era radar display could be the USAF preparing to delete you. And your detection might only be possible at a weird ass angle, so they try to get coverage everywhere.
And then China still doesn’t turn out for the movies.
But the proportions of it are like the hideous trax. An EV with blazer body proportions would have a far better chance at success. I’m surprised they haven’t figured out making the EV look “cool” is important.
That Luxo-trim 3500 series truck isn’t cheap, and that RV trailer isn’t free. If he’s “poor” it’s from burning his cash on shit like that.
If so, 5 dots suggests a pretty big burst
The game is broken because the laws aren’t set up right. Max height, angles, and oncoming strength need strict rules and sizeable fines to encourage enforcement.
&gt; but one can cause serious bodily harm and even death upon certain amounts of consumption One can say the same thing about religion. From cults to crusades, suicide bombers and sexual abuse, religion has been a source of tons of suffering around the world for thousands of years.
My Hot take: *empire* is really overrated and the one I like least.
If it’s not Lucas, it’s not *really* Star Wars.
I believe there are two stereotype groups for Subaru The lesbians, with their outbacks and foresters, and the vape-nation, which tend to prefer the wrx&amp;brz
And each year they change it up. Mustangs have done this exact job before.
&gt; We don't get the Explorer, the whole F-series my eyes at night see that as an absolute win.
The Moff in mando might be good too, he’s got a style I respect
We’ll watch his career with great interest.
He’s not talking about a Lincoln LS, he’s got a mks. The mk-s is transverse engine, fwd/AWD. Same platform as the Taurus of the time.
Like in STID, they say "you can't shoot in warp" which is ridiculous because ships have shot at each other in warp many times, and later in the movie they make a dumb "twist" that the bad guy ship can indeed shoot them in warp.
Matt Smith confirmed for new Blade bet you didn't see *that* coming?
Indeed. Why bother with a 2-tap when the 12g deputy can 1-shot?
It’s the lowest effort theatre they could do. Add snow to old maps Replace “brits” with americans. That’s why they probably will and probably won’t do any others (eastern front, commonwealth factions)
USSR exists in name only and maybe a day's VO work. That's very little in terms of work done. Look at last year and this game appears to have been put on a "low budget" live service mode. The 5v5 mode, combined arms, these had way more work put in that was then either cut down or cut out.
there are many moving parts in these high-performance applications. To have the same peak power (because we don't want to go slower), but at lower RPM, you'll need more torque. To get that, you need a more forceful combustion, increasing stress on parts like connecting rods and pistons. So now those lower RPMs become less "reliable", and the reliable range is even lower.
I barely get each season to 100. To have to do 10% more would be too much for me.
You can buy a new dodge ram in france. I saw a IMPOTEUR DU AMERICA or something dealer with *dozens* of them outside of paris. They're just too impractical for the roads and streets over there, so almost no one buys them.
Marvel manages multiple movies per year though. It's not over-saturation if people generally like the movies. The issue with star wars is that they made a story that pissed off or depressed many fans of the old movies and characters, and failed to assemble a variety of heroes who all get to shine, in order to appeal to a wide base of new fans.
Because closing coal plants was shitty status quo? How about the reduction/elimination of smog days? Or improvements, class size reductions, and investments in education?
&gt; vaporware Soul EV's next delay What? they've been selling them for years now. I see a local driving school use them to practice street parking at my house several times a week, autotrader.ca shows dozens of them available.
At least Bay would do a FUCKING GLORIOUS SPACE BATTLE
Poverty isn’t up as much as it could be, in part because more kids are staying home with their better-off parents. So while they can’t afford to live on their own, they’re counted as part of middle+ class households. The life expectancy news is something that depresses people, to hear their lifespans aren’t likely to be an improvement over the past, implies the society is either plateauing, or starting to regress. Depression isn’t a response to imminent danger, it’s a sometimes not even rational sense of dread. There is plenty of that depression fuel out there in this age.
The ability to post does not make one intelligent
Rotates like a garage door So it’s level like this: — then instead of going straight back, it turns / then |
And when pushed on it *even on this site* would say “it’s just a joke”
That window is only 2 years though, the sea hurricane is a thing in ‘41, and Seafires come in ‘42 I’m sure the threat of actual carrier 109’s earlier than ‘42 would get either those projects focused on, or some better (American) carrier planes would be leased.
Personally, I’ve grown kinda jaded about the movies. But the mandolorian was so enjoyable it reminded me about why I have loved Star Wars as a IP. Also helps I really like episodic adventure shows like old Xena or SG-1.
Never made anything *derivative* at the level of Tolkien or Lucas either.
Indeed it is. Specifically the episode “1969”, where they go back in time by accident, and meet a young Hammond, of Texas.
60’s Gene had a great a e s t h e t I c
I prefer when skeletons aren’t in a paramilitary death squad
Except OP even gets a game-registered hit, *for only 16 damage*
Actually it goes deeper. Because the first attempt was *never meant to work.* He knows Padme keeps doubles to thwart would be assassins. The bomb on the landing platform is just to scare her, remove the double, and get her under Jedi (specifically anakin) protection. The second, highly outsourced attempt, is designed to separate the two Jedi, which it does. It also leaves breadcrumbs to bring Obi-wan to the secret army, and then Jango leads him directly to Dooku. It *also* escalated the mind games on anakin. It also gets anti-war padme off world (so jar jar can propose emergency powers), and puts the two of them alone together so the ‘chosen one’ can stray from Jedi tradition, opening him for further corruption.
Two swords means you can use one as a statement “Th-that sword is for monsters!”
I believe the way they’ve set up their proc gen for stations was always flawed. They made the layouts over complicated and also grid-reliant. Should have kept it simpler. Have a “spine” or central hallway, and then shops and other rooms can just attach to the spine as long as they’re made to have a single “open” side. Said spine would be able to be bent or stacked or made into a shape that fits the station exterior. This would also mean stations are trivial to navigate, which they should be. They’re space malls and rest stops, not Doom levels.
With NO SURVIVORS
The movie is not accurate to how things went down, it’s tilted by being based on how one of the mechanics saw events.
So the USSR, which conquered parts of eastern europe, was significantly helped by lend-lease support in WW2, and collapsed on its own in the face of a downturn in the 80's. And China, which has its own wealth inequality problems that have had undesirable impacts on our own housing markets, has cut corners in many of their construction projects (some of their highways flood way too easily thanks to lack of care in grading ground before pacing), and its growth was driven by outside demand for products. These are the countries you want to copy. I'm confident most here would rather we go for capitalist with a good social safety net, a little more like nordic countries, or even better we could have some kind of universal basic income program.
Spreading those “it’s hopeless” messages just help right wing authoritarian types keep power, by keeping people that could vote against them either at home or at least away from their viable opponents.
Don’t be so hard on yourself, unlike DICE, you can choose to be a better person today
The T-70’s wings are really flimsy looking, especially at certain angles like side-on. and knowing that they’re old concepts for the classic X-wing I just see them for a predecessor. To me, A true X-wing successor should have made angular engines that come close to blending with a more hexagonal cross section instead of classic X-wing’s boxiness. In general, it should have been made to look like an F-22 to the classic X-wing being like an F-15.
[I’m thinking more frank grimes jr](https://youtu.be/uhUXc-Chj48) 3:20 for time, YT doesn’t play so nice with my phone
Unless he’s got a job somewhere else, he’s not going to appear negative about the company’s product. That would cause a big conflict in the company and make him unable to ever get a job for somewhere else - no one will hire a guy willing to publicly trash his company’s stuff
DFly is not space efficient enough for this. 2 meters of overhang on the front gravs is why the black got so fat to fit it. We do Need a different kind of chassis that could sit over grav-levs, and efficiently carry stuff
COD WW2 managed to include a Netherlands uniform in their base game. This game includes items that saw even less action,
Because the prison warden, DOJ head, and sitting president really like Clinton and wanted to help him out. They had no relations with Epstein themselves. Never talked about him being a pedo on Howard stern, for a specific example.
Honda F1 engine in the fit, like a more compact Renault espace F1. Call it the Honda F1t
&gt; Well, I think fashion has a lot to do with it. I believe you're really onto something. When I see a miata these days, it's almost always a guy driving what was previously stereotyped as a "girly" car. The girls these days that want a whimsical open top vehicle seem to prefer jeeps. Back in the 90's, my weird uncle was the kind of guy buying a jeep. The wrangler today is out selling the pony car *segment*. [It's selling over 200k a year now, when 30 years ago a "better" year was 1/4 that. even 12 years ago it was about 1/2 what it is now](http://carsalesbase.com/us-car-sales-data/jeep/jeep-wrangler/)
Aim game? My biggest memory of BF2 (other than mashaturr city was my favourite map) is prone spam to try to make my rounds go remotely where I aim. My biggest improvement in performance came when I realized I need to get the round down range and accept spread’s misses.
First episode isn’t bad. There’s a bit of clunkiness with an interviewer dumping exposition, but that helped paint a better picture of what happened in the time between TNG and this. I don’t see the kinds of red flags I saw in TFA with this one.
She was from the Scotty school of estimations, just waiting for a boss to say “well you only have 100 years”
Most U-boats actually spent most of the time on surface, and their most effective raids were at night
Ford Ecosport and chevy trax/buick whatever-the-fuck-their-trax-cousin-is. They're sub-compact so not very comfy, but also crappy driving dynamics due to tallness. And not enough power for their optional AWD to do anything except succ away MPG, and sort of get away with no snow tires (unless you're trying to turn or brake, aka the more important parts of safe winter driving)
I feel like reddit would be especially insufferable if those groups fully merged. Probably retire from the site.
And semi related: the fog is gross too
(Laughs in Canadian, where it’s on TV)
Finn clanless Finn abandoned Finn sadboi Finn singleplayer Finn unnecessary Finn snow
*but had no drink
I knew they shouldn’t have published The Doctor’s sophomore novel, “Positronics be free”
It’s also edited/sanitized/adjusted, for promotional purposes, what with “direct to flight ready” ships and how many features appear/disappear out of nowhere. Like a “based on a true story” movie.
That’s still a top 10, just not my top 5
The mw2 shot is a zoomed in and taller aspect ratio, the top one is wider screen, maybe bigger Field of view too
This homeopathy issue isn't US-exclusive. The roots of this issue are more universal.
Considering this is not one of "his" cars, and it's *the* fastest production EV, I doubt it.
The Scientific Method is something way too few people understand or trust now. People like you might seem innocent with "well this old thing (is said to) work, so good enough for me". But that's not good enough. When this alternative medicine shit comes up, I am reminded of events with a small girl in Canada years ago undergoing cancer treatment, because it wasn't far from me at a time I was having chemo myself. but she was taken out of them in favour of "alternative" treatments more in line with her parent's culture, she was convinced "alternatives" can be perfectly viable. She's dead now. So FUCK your alternatives unless they've been properly studied, peer reviewed. Which would mean they've effectively been "adopted" to "western" medicine and they're not really "alternative" anymore. We, as a society need to shame and push out those that try to push "alternative" shit, and we need to encourage studying and understanding our world.
True to form.
Hopefully this series will be about going back to the ideals. If it strays into movie-Picard I’ll probably tune out the same way I didn’t follow disco
Slower seatbelt adoption = fewer boomers today I’m not seeing the downside (/s)
And if you drive "around" the issue, IE never crawl like a normal auto, avoid keeping 10-15mph where 1-2 shift wants to happen, it's reasonably smooth and the MPG is pretty damn good.
Toyota? Well then they're probably working in a plant making the very successful (as in selling as fast as they make them) RAV4 hybrid. Hardly a dinosaur, and if/when EV's overtake conventional power, that plant will almost definitely be making a RAVEV4.
In the US’s case, I would argue it’s an issue of a lack of formal centralization that enables bad coppery. It makes accountability to the public at large impractical and gives too much power to the fraternal order.
silverstone?
Oh fuck now they have the new virus
Well at end of 4 the FBI betrayed Brian by locking up Dom for all those crimes Dom's committed. So Brian and Mia break dom out of the prison bus at the end of 4 (after credits) which is recapped in the start of 5, They're all on the run from the law for 5, until bad guy kills Hobb's buddies so he helps The Family steal from the bad guy. And kill him.
I had some argue with me in a Canadian sub. They tried to paint him as “best for humanity” after saying I should vote for him.
What is this, vettel’s fort?
Craziest? It ain’t a driveable amazon box
&gt; It’s a lot of profit and will only go up from here. that's an assumption. it's been enjoying little competition up to about now. between VW/GM/Ford/Rivian, their competitive advantage is shrinking, and as their repair issues gain mainstream attention, an assumption of growth is definitely not a sure thing.
Lincoln has really been turning themselves around with the new named cars, glad to see it's even carrying to a segment many of us might overlook. I remember poking in/around one recently at a dealer when my car was in to swap on snow tires, and I was impressed with it. If I gave up on sitting low in this land of pickups, and I had the money, I'm surprised to say I'd seriously consider a corsair.
Hundreds of thousands of pickups bought each year will never haul more than their 240lb owner
Hell, that’d explain why he’d “risk” going in his ship to chase down the resistance when he wasn’t even on lorefucker base
some care about not shining too bright at other drivers. I far prefer seeing older lamps, and LED retrofits are *the worst*
No body found
Between borg and dominion attacks on earth, and another disaster on mars, they wrote a series of events that justify the federation not being as good as it was and create a scenario to bring Picard out of retirement into this new adventure. The federation have always had bad guys in it, from weekly asshole admirals to villains in the undiscovered country, to section 31 in DS9. A key difference between the show Picard and the DT is that CBS haven’t put massive idiot hats on beloved characters to justify what happened. Picard is still a good guy and we’re shown he was still being a good guy while things went badly.
Haha it’s just ranged French kissing like haha just swallow it. *assuming consent
At least Flint’s sherif is being decent.
Narrower, but longer
fuck exclusive rights all my homies hate it when publishers buy exclusive rights. Non-exclusive means pubs/devs can compete to bring us better quality.
A ship meant to “just” drop off/pickup planetside would not be made to also travel between planets, and would still need sealing in order to handle less habitable parts of planets. I think it’s more likely an oversight from the art-focused CIG, because the alternative is absurdly niche role (transport, large, *habitable planet only*)
It’s getting on the corporate bandwagon. Everyone is delaying “fun stuff” right now. And I think I’m okay with that, because it means there might be positive change this time. This, and the pandemic, makes it a different case.
Finally a shitty technical of the future!
This place is a off-the-deep-end cesspit of online agitators that lend support to the worst regimes by depressing the only peaceful and effective opposition.
EVs still desire thermal management, and drawing air through the nose that has to be a certain level of flat for pedestrian safety makes good sense aerodynamically.
Missed it, what was it?
&gt; Oh wow. Because with Hilldawg the healthcare system will definitely be fixed. Magic public healthcare would not prevent the pandemic. All countries with all kinds of public/private/single pay/multi pay systems have lost people to it and had systems pushed to limits. Also, I’m not blaming some “other”. I’m blaming people like **you**. Your type steered people in a manner that gave trump his path to president, and are doing the same thing again this year. You weren’t the only reason. But you were and are A reason. Liberal democracy for life.
The way I see it, Drake's "shade" is from a "failed bidder" perspective. They still tag along because the want to sell ships to [both sides so they always come out on top](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9EYt_f12wo). I *think* Consolidated Outland is the only manufacturer that hasn't tried to get in on the UEEN Credit Rain in lore, And they basically didn't exist in the event. I hope when CIG was making their statement here, after unfortunately also having the rather pro-militarization in-game event, at this time of civil unrest, they consider where they're going with their world. I think there are good opportunities for SC to make semi-subtle comments on things like privilege, as player characters are supposed to be of a "citizen" class, and afforded assorted privileges over the average resident of the UEE.
Now I feel bad for engaging with you, because I see you can't even copy+paste words correctly.
&gt; Whitesnake@Whitesnake &gt; Will we see a ToW game mode where the emphasis is on space combat rather than ground combat, yet still incorporates combined arms concepts? (Example: "Capture the Idris" game mode as discussed in early AC development). (EDIT: this would also incorporate multi-crew/turrets in, which would touch more of the SC experience as a bonus). &gt;Sean "Criminal" Tracy@xCriminalx &gt;Yes! The intention of this particular scenario was to ensure ground vehicles and infantry would co-exist and to match them up against the ships, but not so many of them. For our next scenario you can expect it to be turned on it's head where the focus will be space and ship combat as a central component but using the same template of phases / objective game-play I really hope this works and does get expanded on.
US tanks actually endured pretty well for offensive action. The Germans couldn’t even fully motorize their army, they had no chance. They had *horses*. What were they thinking?
A. The other countries didn’t instigate the war. B. the soviets used horses a lot less commonly than the Germans, only when they were desperate after their losses in 1941 and before US LL trucks could reach them. Their deep battle doctrine relied on trucks to supply advancing forces, it’s how they were better able to crush the Germans in 44/45. &gt; Horses seemed to be a cheap and reliable transport especially in the spring and fall mud of the Eastern Front[16] but the associated costs of daily feeding, grooming and handling horses were staggering. In theory horse units could feed off the country, but grazing on grass alone rendered horses unfit for work and the troops had no time to spend searching the villages for fodder.[17] Hard-working horses required up to twelve pounds of grain daily;[17] fodder carried by the troops made up a major portion of their supply trains &gt;Movements over 30 kilometers (daily horse travel limit[18]) were particularly slow and complex. Longer hauls were relegated to trucks at first opportunity, while horses persisted at divisional level[19] and in auxiliary units.[20] Horse transports were particularly inadequate in deep offensive operations, just like they were in 1914. American trucks supplied to the Soviets allowed operations up to 350 kilometers away from the railhead, a distance impossible for horse-drawn sleighs.[21]
&gt; This is Hillary's "deplorables" bullshit all over again And👏She👏was👏right👏.
&gt;THE BURDEN OF SERVING WITH YOU Got Damn
The guy took all my damns, and anyone else’s in a 50 mile radius, to make that post.
Working with Nazis will do that to you, eventually.
I assume that much like dirt terrain can be made “flat” for placing the nice city on top of for regular planets, so too can the landing zone parts of the city of AC be placed on top of a made-flat section of city-themed terrain.
*(ง ื▿ ื)ว ‘s in Apollo on iOS*
A Freeland vote would be cool too.
Their crude “extra size” foundation instead of a gimbals weapon modifier is also making balance problematic. Gimbals should reduce Rate of Fire and/or increase overheating to directly offset their improved accuracy potential. The size-based balance demands more items to be made and forces certain weapon size/DPS scaling that can hurt ship balance.
This is a pretty kind review, I expected it to be more explorer-like than it is so a pleasant surprise.
The thing cig does that doesn’t do them any favours in terms of simplifying is having the limited insurance. A perceived infinite resource (LTI) will always seem much more valuable than limited (X month insurance) It does do them a favour in that they found a way to *prey* on this perception with warbond LTI, so I doubt they’ll ever simplify the system. But it would be nice if they did. And in terms of design, I see a small parallel with the new eat/drink system: the objective cost is nominal, with single-digit-credit items, yet it can be seen as a significant hassle to mess with. It *feels* like a chore, it’s a thing to worry about.
English Channel is only 20 miles of water at its narrowest point. Still took a fair bit of effort, material accumulation, training, preparation of friendly native forces, and the dominance of the strait by the best navies in the world, to be able to get armies across. It would be harder for the soviets to invade the mainland from there, than for the other allies to pull off D-day. That said, they didn’t have to, just taking over the Japanese controlled territory on the continent was probably a bad enough prospect to the US.
The hope would be they’d not do the same thing two seasons in a row, that’s dumb project planning giving them no room to develop an idea.
Call it BF 198**6** Make it a fictional proxy war so each side uses anything and players can play as characters from anywhere
The fuel economy is great, I have like 6.6l/100km average over 100,000km
Bono my condom’s gone
It's time to regrind a god-roll better devils for its new light cap
[Fancy Joysticks](https://virpil-controls.eu/)
And the fucking makeup.
The lack of Proudly Displayed CRJ Tats on the Chad is disappointing.
Going to guess it’s Open world survival in post-Dino-apocalypse, with crafting elements
Ford's are indeed the ones I've experienced, in parent's fancier trim vehicles. When shopping for next car, I'm trying to be more open minded, so I shouldn't write-off RSW's totally. Especially since a mini is on my short list. Still, the little twisty stalk is enough for me.
I'm edging from it, if they declare any VR support I'll nut.
The BR Rumble (50v50) has a bunch of players like this. Drive a quad bike behind the frontline and enjoy. Got more executions in one round there than 50 hours before
Minimap suggests that the worker is going an angle of NW/SE
&gt; PlayStation is limiting Destiny’s size (X) Doubt See COD’s 190GB. Hell, see their data structure being superior: they have some portions of content separated as DLC so a player can pick and choose which parts they want installed. Bungie can’t even get their localization packages separated.
the 39.99 MSRP (polygon's atricle on it mentions that price, though pre-order seems to take me to dead end before finding price) says to me that it's not totally AAA-budgeted game. And I think that's a good thing because flight-based games are a more niche-target than mainstream shooters. It means a smaller audience should be enough to make it successful.
The levelled cards in BFront2 are still awful holdover from the MTX-focused 1.0 system. hopefully this game has nothing like that.
Their engine already supports control rebinding, I used to bind a flight stick for BF3/4 flying, so it really should support it.
&gt; the hacky fiddly stuff starts again if you have thrustmaster stuff, their TARGET program is your friend, it works pretty well at merging devices into one virtual setup.
Try coop missions and being the shieldbro
BuT tHiS lEaKs gUy sAys ItS aCtuAllY gOiNg wElL
If they can’t make the content to support the system properly, *they should use a different system.*
Oh wow I looked it up (because I bought the PS4 version for its AC5 HD bonus port), I'm disappointed that happened. I'm guessing you're running some CH products or Saitek stuff, then vJoy (there's a sourceforge site for it) probably be what you need to trick a game into seeing your HOT-ASS setup as a gamepad. And at a minimum that trick should work here too. I'll probably set up my stuff with something like that. Depends how this game handles
16000M is an excellent bang for buck stick, and the optional bundled throttle is a relatively new design with good analog thumbstick. Same sensor as the more expensive and HEAVIER warthog stick.
You can go without a nose gun on it, but it loses 1/3 the firepower as a result. I just find it ugly on ships like this (and the vanguard) and is overdone in SC's fighting ships.
Gotta wait for the "Balance of Power" expansion
The thing bungie is breaking is those of us that play the game a bit for new content, **enjoy that new content**, then put the game away until something new catches out attention. They're trying to force us to play for longer to "catch up" our gear, by putting a light level grind between returning play and new content. Other games have the *decency* to give players new kinds of missions to play and have those be the focus for getting your level up. When bungie is unable, for whatever reason, to give us new content to go with a power bump, they should not be throwing these higher levels at us to block off the new content. It just encourages giving up on the whole game.
I think Said game also had them storm the corvette, so this detail was true in 2005
We’ve got a phone charger in the Big Tent
Modern Warfare has been so great this year. I was almost writing off the franchise with BO4, but between the crossplay, co-op (for when I get frustrated with lag and want to just shoot stuff), and the constraint stream of content for a low-buy in cost of paying for one season and getting points for each subsequent one through play, it’s been my Game of The Year. Crossplay for this game also has me hyped because my SW friend is PS4 while I’ll be on PC with my VR, we expect we’ll have similar fun with this as we do playing modern warfare together.
SUCC’d on yo momma’s titties!
Finally, some good plans and ideas
...Have they or their loved ones been diagnosed with mesothelioma?
Thing is, these changes are actually good. They "make sense" for air/space going craft, unlike that god-awful, should have been aborted on the drawing board, mistake that was the "hover mode". The more CIG leans into making consistent, physics-inspired systems, the better. When they tried to go in a gamey direction with things like hovermode or the golf-swing-scanner, those are bad, and we could see they're bad at the concept stage.
TSLA not exist anymore?
And why would KKB choose to work with them...?
They're uninspired. A cool thing about the OT is the parallels you could draw between the fighters and the modern stuff. ANH's X-wing, Y-wing, and TIE fighter could be compared to the F-15, A-10, and MiG-21 in aesthetic, or the Spitfire, Mosquito, and BF-109 in performance. The added TIE-interceptor and A-wing showed the galaxy of fighter development progressing, the A-wing being a F-16 to the X-wing F-15. The prequel era while flawed in other aspects, was visually appropriate. It took a lot of visual inspiration from the 1950's, which was appropriate for being 20-30 years before the OT. Subtle things like Naboo fighter having TIE-like weapons, or the ARC-170 S-foils, these were new ships with just a right amount of hinting they would evolve into the OT. Carrying on that spirit, the sequel era should have been evoking the evolution we see with the F-22, F-35. a TIE-successor could take cues from the PAK-FA/SU50/whatever that's called. and X-wing successor should have had wings with more extreme taper, engines brought in closer to a widened hull to imply "stealthiness"
The Spec-ops campaign is fun as heck with friends and being a place to play with, unlock and grind attachments without having to compete too hard is fantastic for changing your pace. Also, it's a very "cheap" added mode, just reusing the ground war / warzone map. And the weekly modified missions have added some freshness
that is a better way to do things, but is likely costlier than the DCT was *supposed* to be Hindsight is 20/20 of course
Yeah I’m going to try to force the Y-wing to work in this, but I tend to be a masochistic off-meta kind of player. If they give us the *potential* speed, I think it’ll be able reasonably viable. Be curious what upgrade flexibility there is, the page of them showed things like *SLAM engines*. Use that and missiles and the old Y might be able to do some neat stuff
VR TIE should see ahead and below way better than the X-wing. Source: played the basic, but enjoyable, Star Wars mod for DCS Besides, all the ships appear to have a radar/scanner to show where potential targets are
This project seems like an experiment on EA’s part to let some nerds at a “fixer studio” make a game based on some 90’s games with a small cult following. They’re not promising anything in the way of post-release content, and it’s only a AA priced game. So we should expect it’ll be lighter on content, but success *could* encourage further expandions.
XP11's new vulcan renderer is supposedly giving people nearly double their old framerates, have you tried it compared to areofly? Curious as I'm planning to get one of these sims next week.
The 70-something EBR blueprint this season is very sexy for the same reason
Haha country roads take me to burn Georgia
It’s wave based on MP maps, not hard when you figure out the best spots Amiyah palace is kinda broken though, in an actual sense of the word
Even though you kid, I think we can advocate some cars, as a treat. Corvettes are a decent treat-mobile.
Some people never made it as a wise man
Design for disassembly was probably even more alien a concept to CIG when designing the SF’s interior. There’s no way to get most of those “components” in/out of the ship, and it’s because it was designed on the outside first, without enough understanding how big or small it’s functional bits need to be. Everything inside is a jumbled mess of paths, components. It’s a mess because the main constraint was “look like the picture I (Chris) like”. Then someone else got the idea to make it a self-Fontaine’s FPS level. That was silly. It should have followed KISS. Have a central path running along the spine, from bridge to the outside walk. Function-based rooms on one deck, crew/life rooms on the higher deck, cargo/supply on the low deck. Central elevator for access to all 3, main decks but also maintenance tubes and ladders as supplementary stuff, and ideally some of those provide access to sub-component places that need maintenance/repair.
Playing the game has taught me to avoid children, and dick cheney.
One you’re a Jedi, the other you’re a bounty hunter But the map could be the same.
CHAINS GANG
The issue there is enough of their people voted for a right wing moron who tried to double down on the oil with a limited future (because Alberta Dino Juice^TM is too expensive to extract and refine compared to almost any other oil source) in like 2018 or something. Their previous government was trying to diversify the economy.
I doubt CIG will make their meshing work as well as they claim. Firing free aimed projectiles across servers on different continents will be a very janky experience for all involved. The main other space server meshed game, dual universe, planned their combat to use simpler targets and die rolls in order to work with meshed servers. Everything else they’ve done has been done in part by other developers, from planets to pretty faces, unified animation, physics based vehicles. But the Chris Plan^TM for meshed servers looks like the bridge too far.
Also platforms like reddit and Facebook offering a place to promote such views, giving an impression they’re valid views for contemporary society.
Personally, I wanted a game in a genre the mainstream publishers though was not-viable. Infinity showed PG planets of real size are possible, Bethesda shows how AI with homes and schedules are possible, ARMA shows how unified animations are possible. I like SC putting that bunch of possible stuff together.
It seems like some act like 400 isn’t much more than 200. I assume it’s because we’re used to 4 being not much more than 2. But 1440km/h (400m/s) is a whole lot faster than 720km/h (200m/s), it’s the difference between supersonic flight and a late WW2 prop plane (At sea level) These ships should be flirting with the sound barrier at least, exceeding 300m/s should be common with freelancers and such, and the high-performance ships should be able to exceed a 1970’s jet, which could do over 440 m/s at almost sea level (300ft AGL)
That wasn’t the problem of hover mode. Hover mode was stupidly gamey attempt at solving a problem. Such a system was the exact opposite of what makes the ship flight of this game interesting and appealing: a reliance on physics and a world that feels like a “real” future. This new revision is fundamentally a step in the right direction, even if it handles like ass for some ships. In those cases, it’ll be ship-specific tweaks that are in order, not throwing out the aerodynamics.
What made thermal management of the SR71 hard is how it got to speed at very high altitude, where there is less air to take heat away, so the combustion and jet flames would keep heating up the craft. More pedestrian jet craft, especially at subsonic speeds and lower altitudes, have the air flow to keep them cooler and sustain their operation SC ships have their own “coolers” that somehow work without air, so managing thermals should be relatively easy in SC. And as for stability, modern fighter jets are aerodynamically unstable and rely on fly-by-wire. All SC ships use a similar system as well, so it should be rather controllable and decently responsive to input, especially if it’s winglets are modelled well. Real world transport planes like the 75m long C-5 galaxy are capable of over 200m/s at moderate altitude, and that’s a plane with way worse power:weight than anything we fly here.
chad_yes.png
Pilots, Shields = less speed And any ace will agree that Speed = life Thus, Shields = less life You’re killing yourself by flying with shields.
Thirsty for that COMPOUND VEEE
Also, colour printer was too fancy for any of my teachers
Sounds like you’ve completed the first two steps. Now get practicing show tunes in an orphanage.
The nords and their plate-moving shouts have nothing on Sword-singing and ability to slice *atoms* Their only hope is the empire
Saving that for mid-season finale
Picies is the most realistic ship by a huge margin. It’s as small as it can be for its role, *human scale*, and adaptable. The valk is way too big for the stuff/people it moves, it’s poorly laid out, it doesn’t even have side-by-side cabin for a co-pilot, so a high-caliber shot in the cabin would mean all aboard are FUBAR.
