You just stayed in christiania right? no pictures allowed there.
Netflix are trying to corner HBO out of the standup special market. Im pretty sure there were some talk about HBO also making him an offer, as far as i remember it was roughly the same money only they didn't want to commit to 4 specials.
You still need to get the combo off, and when the other team is able to turn and interrupt you every time, it is arguably a very bad item. Then u might as well just get drums, arguably the same item at that point just cheaper and better stats.
Drums does practically the same thing, for less, you dont get the cyclone but it's not really all that useful in some games.
&gt; It's almost like legitimate financial employees respect the need for security or something... Nah they just know you are going to bend over regardles.
She sure does, and she is so happy i have access to the list so she does not get these calls.
So what part of that is suppose to calm my ass down? Im going for my first ski trip and you come at me with people fucking dying.
Not really a dark horse, people knew his game. it was well documented. there was just too much talent in the draft, that mitchell got way too little attention, most likely because he was not a one and done like the rest of them. he didn't really show a side of his game that had anything exceptional in one area, like most of the other young guards, he was just solid all arround.
Husk lige den kun er 80+ certificeret, kan meget vel være den ligger nærmere de 450 effektivt, en ekstra harddisk i og nogle fans, og hvad man nu ellers har brug for, så er det system sku lidt presset for strøm.
&gt;Køb fra mm-vision, der kan du også vælge dine egne dele. inden for deres sortiment, Hvilket i disse tider er ret så skrabet. hvis du vil have en m.2 SSD som er ved at være i en pris der giver ret god mening har de det for det første ikke, og de bundkort de kører med har oftest heller ikke pladsen, så der er du overordentlig ude og skide. De har samtidig intet af AMD grej, hvilket virkelig ikke giver mening hvis man gerne vil have det billigt.
Det gør stadig marginen meget lille for at du risikere at riste hele lortet.
Den må jeg tage på min kappe, havde kun topdata's sortiment i hovedet som jeg virkelig synes er fesent. dog er der kun 1 ryzen processor og de samme kedelige valg med grafik kort, asus, eller asus. At sige der er mulighed for at tilpasse synes jeg stadig er at strække den. og heller ikke en eneste amd GPU.
thought it was being british?
Kommer lidt an på til hvad og hvilken bank, har altså set flere der er kommet mere eller mindre fra sidste eksamen og fået tilbudt langt mere end de egentlig burde, ingen udbetaling eller det der ligner men banken har bare givet grønt lys fordi de havde en uddannelse der giver et hvis løn niveau. Det er værd at få en andens bank blik på tingene.
&gt;being able to lecture them on human gentrification doesn't help Although the person would be a lot more acceptant of dying.
TBF it happens to a lot of players not black.
testet måske, men veldokumenteret er det langt fra. når du ryger cannabis osv så der jo ikke ligefrem indholdfortegnelse på skidtet. Der står ikke der er 50 mg per gram eller noget i den stil. Så dosis er vitterligt ikke dokumenteret nogen steder. Det jo først for nyeligt at du har fået olier på markedet der er semi testet for indholdet.
the reactions online would be better than the movie i feel.
It's starwars fans, i dont think you'd have to pull in the SJWs in this. just look at the last one, so much reee, and it was probably the best of the newer once, at least in my oppinion.
He did act like a bitch when baywatch bombed, but other than that, i haven't heard anything ill of him.
The money train died out, it's not entirely impossible.
Nah, the only reason pewd got thrown under the bus was because the big advertisers wanted a better deal. Before pewd they had to actually advertise on some of the actual youtube content, where they now can pick and choose so it's pretty much just TV shows youtube channels they advertise on. They get the slots they want without having to pay for the rest of it. That is all it really was.
Also a lot of americans. "what! you dont work 50 hours for your 40 hour paycheck?"
Dont worry, it's just something we say to each other.
So did Starcraft 2 back in the days. Nothing happened there.
It's called stockholm syndrome.
Its the bulls. They make Less sense Than the knicks.
Thats weird, people ussually know they cant get the same price for the mining cards and try and hide they used them for mining arround here.
How do i get in touch with your mum?
Well you dont want to be rich before the tax break, obviously you would wait untill after...
ski goggles.
Melo sure as fuck didn't though.
Cardiff fucked cornelius. he is doing just fine in italy. Cardiff did no homework on him at all, they bought him and asked him to be something he wasn't cant fault him for that. I'm mainly a copenhagen fan so i know these 2 quite well. I dont think Nicolai will do well as a striker in the premier league, but he is quite versitile, he played the wing a lot in copenhagen and can be a poor mans robben on the left wing. as far as i know he mostly played up front in the dutch league but i think he is a lot better playing behind the striker(s). he went to germany quite early, and once he felt he didn't get the first team in the age he needed to he took a stint back home to help his development, it was not a shit team in the bundesliga he was playing for leverkusen was rather good at the time he was there. He played in champions league group stages a few times so he does have some experience on a very high level. He even scored on juventus. Nicolai jorgensen took the step to the dutch league because he didn't want to fuck up and overreach and end on the bench like he did in leverkusen, i dont think there was one person in Denmark that felt his switch to PSV was good enough when he left, he was a lot better than that league and he shown so over and over again. The only negative thing i can say about him is that he tends to pick up a lot of injuries.
Played champions league, scored on juve, who on this team can claim that?
Good thing he is in the dutch league then.
He is neither really, poor mans morata up front, and a poor mans robben on the left wing.
to like 33rd ish?
against
I was really feeling him going into the draft, almost hoped we traded down and picked him, knew it was not very likely though. I still think he could be great, he looked far more ready than any euro that year how he is struggling is beyond me really.
Still got 3 years left on his deal, and it's a premiership club, so it seems bang on the money really.
I dont really see the comparison, Jørgensen got a lot of instinct and seem fearless on the pitch. I could honestly see him turning down newcastle because it's a bit of a shit situation joining the team right now. I dont know if he is actually a better player, but he is in form. He has been starting on winning teams since 2011, also he know how to play from an underdog position and knocks that 1 chance in when he gets them. Feyenord might see him as a tap-in specialist but in copenhagen he seemed able to score on pretty much anything https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLSCUHzzqSk another video of how he ussually performed for us. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUC1MW2YN8Q
Probably not. Afaik they got a pretty similar system to the one in Denmark, so he would likely get slapped with a detainment (i think thats how it translate). bassicly he would be evaluated by a psychiatrist and deemed unfit for society and would not be let out again. Insanity pleas are what you dont want in scandinavia, thats how you get locked up for life.
Depends on who he killed really. Gangs in the scandinavian prisons dont take kindly to people that kills innocent people, or rapist or child molesters, they tend to need to be in isolation because if they ever get out among the "normal" prisoners they get beaten within an inch of their life.
&gt; Just basing my posts on my knowledge on how Sweden treats minority criminals. same way they treat the regular?
or catch the bar?
&gt;but you're not going to get very far with those. prolly further than you ever gonna get with a lada.
Think they tried yesterday to throw a name out in the world.
nah they really dont, there is a reason why they are headlining jokes mainly centered arround the only way it moves is if pushed or freefalling. they are truly shitty cars, unsafe and unreliable.
They got a few really rotten eggs. That dude that kept reeeeeeeing about chriss being better than KP last time we met was a lot of fun.
How does jared dudley seem to insert him into everything and always come out looking dumb as fuck?
jared dudley is like the neil degrasse tyson of the NBA always comes of as an ass, and not as smart as he thinks.
&gt; Any details you can provide might be useful for figuring out the reason It's on facebook... Thats the reason...
I guess they break czech leagues transfer record with this?
ramping up for the summer.
Kinda want to keep him.
sucking is a bit much i'd say. generally you can make quite a bit of trouble in the lane arround level 4. It's not that hard to get arcane arround the 6 minute mark, spamming W on their core is gonna hurt like a motherfucker, so by the time you hit 6 and lolball their faces it's pretty much ez pickings.
&gt; comparing Nintendo software sales to BF2 and Call of Duty is meaningful. Not really, nintendo is not really competing with anyone on their platforms and the loyalty amongst its consummers are probably the highest in the industry.
big macs was still worse.
&gt;There's even a multitude of research to support that simply having a gun in the home leads to a suicide being more likely to occur. well the way you phrase it, it sure does look like a gun problem.
Thats a nice way to put it. My dad said there is always a guy with a smaller dick and a bigger temper than you.
if 15% are married, and 40% are in a relationship, i would not consider being single as being the majority here.
It's not very bright, it is just a perpertual dusk. like the sun just set, all night bassicly.
as long as you say rødgrødmedfløde when prompted to, it's alright, we dont mind.
U gonna get bent m8.
I mean he been one of the most sought after casters since the dota 2 days started. pretty decent get. Mostly think he just been a bit unlucky with the teams he was on but that is what happens when you are set on being the leader.
they also made some actual ads. seen them at the universities and such. Very weird they try and convince people bettering their future to get a child mixed into the equation.
It's the rejects, like the nordic australia.
Det er sku meget sjovt når sådan en flok pussyficerede feminister spiller med musklerne.
it wont bulldog is swedish the only reason he ever won a game of dota is that there is no concede option.
true, it's worse.
Dude he been calling him out on his king of new york since the beginning, and said as long as he was in cleveland he was king of "shit" or something? Bassicly been daring him to play in new york since november.
Gonna use it as a meaty scarf.
Just stopped watching after conference finals. Both warriors and cleveland just seem to get so much help to push them into the finals that i kinda didn't want to watch it. im probably even a lebron hater but it was just not worth watching.
They wont learn shit, they just blame democrats it doesn't matter if it makes sense or not they just do it.
come on, it would still be better than them releasing skyrim on yet another console.
"I was all high and shit."
Dude there is a cribs episode, if you just did your ressearch job properly you could have skipped to the TIL post about shaqs special crapper.
ewing, spree, oakley, mason, and chandler? should be a mean team at the least.
Think he is gonna get very expensive unless they go 3 games and home. Should have gotten him before the cup really.
nah no reports there, they just disapear.
seems it's not as much as what they get back but what they can get rid off. Selling them on expiring and maybe a rookie contract like mudiay is not that bad an offer to take back a huge salary dump.
Isn't connect 4 a "solved" game? how are you competing in a solved game?
really? it's a team that won like 10 games without porzingis, and has zero cap flexibility to create a roster that would not just be mediocre at best with kawhi on the team. So they'd be renting kawhi and going nowhere in the proces. Really bad trade.
we dont have any money for anybody else. So we lose KP the one draw we got, change it out for a supermax player so we are even more so fucked financially, resign or not it would be a horrendus idea.
and then GIEF IMMORTAL 3 VOLVO!
always gonna be a very vocal minority no matter how good it is.
So we gonna trade you hardaway again?
cool, he can sit next to KP.
hey you could probably get noah and lee for that package.
surprisingly relevant really.
If you are sprinting it wont be OJ-style. Just saying.
To get what should be the number one, i'd be inclined to not be upset with an unprotected.
Im from the future, i dont know if we fucked up.
bamba is the fuckers who keeps saying eurolol. Would be retarded to go for bamba when the best player is right there.
nope. dallas just traded for 3rd.
could be fun if memphis fucked it all up xD
Fuck it, dont mind it. kinda wanted to roll the dice on MPJ, but why not try something a bit safer.
okay! now i hate knox.
I mean the biggest one was the clippers to me, they had 2 picks right together, they could really spread the risk and they even passed on him. It's hard to speak against his potential, but the risk seem very apparent.
all of them.
also 28 million less on the books this season.
or a good unrestricted young fella named mario hezonja?
Doubt anyone gonna get him for MLE.
He's been in the league 2 years. Same as KP. If they dont orlando keeps him, simple. top 5 pick in a draft 2 years ago, orlandos collective brain melted and didn't pick up his team option, ye he is well worth more than MLE. 23 years old.
mudiay is not a free agent, and never shown a lick of promise, big ass difference. I mean orlando is fairly proven in fucking up their wing talents, ruining them untill they are left with no other option and then all of the sudden they are solid starters, and hezonjo been the one pushed to the back of the que all 3 years. All he was waiting for was fournier to take a seat and he took off. orlando is a shitshow that is under the radar. They been notoriously bad at bringing their young guys into the game. getting him for less than 10 is a steal, under 12 is a good fucking bargain really when we pay a bum like hardaway 17.
will never stop loving Nate.
wont remove any of the cap hold. Would only make you a bigger meme.
idd u are.
damn you make some shitty ass points. &gt;And FWIW, Timmy has shot better than Hezonja almost every year outside of this year where he was plagued with leg isssues, because he was able to hide behind bigger talents all previous samples, had nothing to do with his legs gtfo, he shot more than 7 fucking 3s per game this year and couldn't hit on a 3rd of them. I mean when JR was on 7+ 3s a game he at least hit a 3rd of them. &gt;My main issue is paying more than $10 million/year on a long term deal on an unproven commodity. why? it is litterally no risk right now, we dont have any flexibility anyway. plus 10 million is practicly nothing in todays market when you look at 30+ contracts. why are you still talking about orlando in all of this? we aren't competing with orlando for his signature. thats a given. &gt;We should not be trying to outbid teams for him and should be saving cap space. saving cap space for what? for the free agents that sure as fuck dont want to go here because we got no talent? really you gonna talk about willy? he was not in a similar situation and he is not a similar player, he was a done player he did not have a roof to hit, he already was there.
this dude just defended your girls credits. DPO EVERYTHING.
Moving screens dont get called so the only real solution is to switch.
It's kinda bad, a dude making 17 mil shooting 7+ 3s a game and hits 30%. thats a bad contract under any circumstances. JR level of bad shots attempt but at least he would hit close to 40%.
Looks like Katy Perry after transition.
Yeah it doesn't work very well being the only one at a trade war with everyone else, he can ask russia bout that. US is getting hit with tariffs from everyone, while everyone has open channels with eachother. It is not rocket science what happens next.
The couple of times i've heard it, it was kinda great, the politician completely forgot his mean serious mug and had to compose himself from not laughing.
he was on loan at dortmund, but what ever.
there is an implyed whole season in your post, but whatever.
got sf arcana on it.
cant you just close it ?
you did miss the more obvious bit, of his prowess moving him from the bench to a loan deal, but whatever.
reddit is pretty much a very vocal minority echo chamber.
Or they take account for ice.
You should be mostly sorry for your contrymen, you got a president that wage trade war on the world and the world is not having a trade war amongst themselves, so the only real loser in all of this is america. The rest done nothing to hurt each other, maybe brexit being the exception.
In theory.
want is a bit of a bad choice of word in this context, who wouldn't want to? the biggest issue is that Knicks are in MSG. Dolan got 82 days he can close to fill the garden each year not considering playoffs, the prices for knicks games are on average a bit higher than i would assume any other ticketed event. So dolan sure as hell got no incentive financially to sell. He got the venue and it wont be a part of the deal obviously, he needs to fill it up as often as possible to maximize profits, if he sell the knicks he either have to rent the garden out to the new owner, or in worst case scenario the knicks move and he is losing a big revenue. MSG got the second highest avg ticket price in the NBA in 16-17 season only following golden state. even when we suck its the single largest cash cow in the NBA. that leads to the next problem, CBA, the CBA really makes sure that a team like then knicks are never gonna run with a loss, even with the luxury taxes and whatnot the knicks are not ever gonna be a bad business. When u know these things, you dont go who wants to buy the knicks but who could possibly buy the knicks. It makes absolutely no sense to seperate knicks and MSG, dolan Knows this as much as anyone, he doesn't want to sell it. Any potential buyer would not pay the price that it is worth to dolan, because that would not make financial sense to anyone but dolan. You'd have to have a lot more money than sense to try and buy the knicks from dolan, without the garden in the deal.
Thing is point guards dont really get good before they are 24, ask anyone. Thats why golden state got curry on a cheap as hell deal, besides the injuries ofcourse.
It's funny how reddit can praise bill gates and other well off people for doing the same exact thing Jackie does.
Jewish and her zipcode, and you were all that popped up.
Im sure it's gonna show up again.
Something odd about that hashtag.
/r/GTAorRussia
They do, took part in the elderscrolls online closed alfa/beta and you had watermarks covering your screen.
They will have to put it in the yearly report since this would obviously have to come into their budget. There is the enviromental report, or Sustainability Report they make every year. So there is plenty of things keeping track of their progress. Making such a statement to the shareholders and then not follow up on it going forward would be suicide.
Some of them probably did, but it wasn't like a single or 2 years. Not very uncommon on any of the national teams, to have the majority go from u16 and all the way up.
Most nordic countries dont do a lot of weed, it's mostly hash, it's very high quality because we are willing to pay a pretty penny for it. Your daily dealer might have a bit of weed, but i would not recommend it since it's rarely used, you dont really know for sure what it is and what quality it is. Results may vary.
Also we have a part named left which is right. Because back in the day they were considered left wing.
oh we have that too, we got the liberal alliance which is libertarians and not liberals.
The overseas schooling is not entirely true. Big part of his falling out at barcalona was centered arround Him not wanting to adjust. He adjusted hos game to please the ones that you see here and on twitter crying about euro stats.
Oh i think he made a point out of making her look like a money grabbing "whore". Problem is he made him self look like a fucking retarded moron in the process. The evidence was pretty overwhelming against her, from what i've read. She looked bad, but somehow he made him look worse. That was an impressive achievement in a won legal battle.
The defiant ones. An hour long commercial for apple and beats by dre. Felt dirty after watching that circlejerk.
It's not just insurance you need to be careful about. Went to a school that focused arround the financial institutions, insurance, banking, investment. Best basic advice i have is do not go for the combi, here loads of banks will offer you insurance and management of your retirement funds, or other investments. Often times they make it sounds really good with interest rates on the investments but after their fees it's ussually a net loss unless you got 10k plus in the portifolio. the insurance will often be very cheap but they cut some coverage on certain things, it could be that they set your mileage on your car to 5k miles, per year. if you went more than that, they would cover jack shit. It seem cheap and very convenient, but in the end it's expensive as hell, but you wont notice because it's not money out of your pocket, and you wont find out your insurance is worth nothing untill the day you need it.
Well, a grand final deserves the best, and we do not have a better english duo than synd/tobi. Im not shitting on OD or anyone else, generally i think we got some amazing casters to choose from, with very few exceptions that im not gonna disclose because thats besides the point. Just because OD works "harder/more" doesn't make his merits higher in that sense.
The thing is it would be hard to determine possesion of a pop cultural dance in the first place. If they did ask down the road it would open up for lawsuits because it would potentially be admitance of guilt. Would be better for everyone involved to just get to terms with the notion that once it is a pop cultural thing it's its own thing and not yours anymore. They just got referenced and made relevant again, sure epic games might have turned a penny on it but it's not because of that emote.
Plenty of people "could", but you dont get that kind of money by doing dumb shit like buying assets heavily inflated like those of dolans. Only real bet is a steve ballmer type of fuck sensibility money. But haven't heard of one of those lurking.
Mjah det jo lidt corner om igen. Skal starte tæt på forfra. Og lige som corner er jeg i tvivl om han egentlig har ramt et niveau der er bedre end vi har set før skader osv.
Can we add the NCAA being better than europe?
His shooting form is still garbage. Cant be convinced his 3 is gonna be the real deal Before he fixes his shot.
It's not just the form. His ballance is fucked Even when he sets his feet.
Im danish so some bias, but this year was probably the one that stick out as the best one ever. At least to me. Watched mostly OG's series, and they were tense to say the least and see them go through the whole tournament like that and win in the end was something else.
Considering how their lineup had 3 new faces, i think they probably were ranked very low.
Yeah but that doesn't mean he was thought to just stroll in there and play at an elite level, i mean before coaching he was not really ever on a top team, mostly tier 3 teams, and then alliance when they were really bad. To expect someone who had not been playing pro for 3 years, and before that he was not really ever in the talk of glory, he was big name but never really made a big result ever before playin this TI. So ceb might be well versed in the proscene but he never actually won anything worth mentioning.
More dots!
Maybe democrats realize that america made a mess of the middle east, and it's allies are suffering from it in a big way, might be why their last president didn't see a way out of it either.
It's 12.9 million dollars. http://www.shamsports.com/capulator Mudiay should be dealt, honestly i just think it's about teams getting convinced he isn't gonna collapse into nothing again. Once they believe they probably already have a deal lined up by the knicks ready to pull the trigger on.
His cap hold is too steep for us to hold on to, tbf. Even with his cap off the books it's going to be tough to find the money to sign a FA. So i could see him being a token to even just get rid of lees contract.
Ah, guess i missed that one. Either way that dude looked like a fool even in context of it being 8 games into the season.
Not that much harder. It's mostly rather simple math. I dont know much about the accounting standards of the 70s, but it seems outlandish that noone in the chain wouldn't notice they were spending double of what they should do in some capacity, like HR going why are we paying what would be twice the staff, why do we pay twice the cost of the fuel we are using. A ballance that is not ballanced in any capacity, there should be plenty of red flags.
Thing is, they tried to do it 5 years before apple, and it kinda blew up in their face. Nokia and LG were both trying an early version of smart phones, i owned an LG one back in the day, and it was horrible. It was just too early, and i can understand they didn't want to jump back into the waters.
Yeah that's what i would have thought, but im not american, so how wild the west was i could not really speak of.
I mean we are too late... ben affleck already made the movie. Highly autistic and high powered rifles.
Im pretty sure we are the assholes.
one of my first games of dota, only among friends. It made some sense when a friend of mine explained why he bought mjollnir with "well im zeus?!"
obviously PL.
If he has any intention of selling he have to strike now, he is not gonna get the same offer once the window is closed. no way of making moves to ensure staying up, and Rafa is almost certainly gone. there is not a rational argument to be made to keeping the deal going throughout the window.
what do we consider top end of mid table? i cant see 100m would be enough.
Thats not 100m teritory.
Well it is not worse. We might have gotten close to 500. But er knew we were never gonna get anything more exiting out of it. Our Best Player is out all Season and we got some promising pieces it's a Lot easier for me to take this Than stagnant mediocrity.
My phone dont appreciate when i write in english on it, so it makes me look like a fool.
Did he smack them or a gentle rub?
It happens but it's not like they got as yearly measurement. i think the teams can get the stats like weight and height updated if they want. I know both Shaq and Ewings weight got updated at least 1 time during their careers.
Thats actually a lot nicer than some of the things people ussually say when a guy does it.
I mean i'd probably pick you over mark Jackson. She is not worse Than Mark. Fuck i'd rather listen to her lisp than unmute mark.
Honestly fuck coorporate. You wouldn't be pissed? worked at a hardware store, and even though we had the advertisement a few weeks before it was not always possible to even restock on most of the items in the paper. That shit pissed me off royally, we had to go in on sunday and just wait for the one item that was not in stock or very few items of, and wait for the shitshow to unfold. every fucking week. Was a big store so there was like a one in 5 chance it would be in your department. one of my bosses was pretty decent, i once had a dude go off, it wasn't even an item we didn't have we just ran out, it was a one day deal and this motherfucker rolls in an hour before close and just goes off, i try and logic his brain, but apparently he expects the deals he would drive half way across the country to get to be a sure deal when the day is essentially over. The logic is not really biting on him but he is feeling a bit stupid as far as i can tell yelling at 15 year old ELI5ing it to him. warehouse boss notice the whole situation, notes that my actual department boss is hiding 10 feet away from us. Im not legally allowed to handle custommer service and my job got a lot easier after that day. any time a custommer was about to turn red i said hold that thought! i got someone more qualified to be screamed at.
kinda is the end. Noahs hold gets worse if we din ret what we want. Then it's a New 3 year reset basicly.
labor laws and contract here, we were not allowed to handle custommer service as a under 18 hire.
Old trick to keep pests out is to just leave some lavender in a tray in the window.
Ved der er en grill i køge der laver dem, det ikke ligefrem KBH men hvis du så tosset med det som jeg er, så det turen værd :P Nørre Blvd. 116, 4600 Køge 7 møllen. Fabelagtigt sted.
De er bedre, ikke bare marginalt, de er vanvittigt meget bedre.
Alt er vel næsten at foretrække frem for enhedslisten?
Feltmadrasserne var helte i hans hoved? eller har jeg helt misforstået det?
Nej men det kan også skræmme lidt når man har 3 stjerne tosser der konkurrere på at være mest dum. Så er DF's kernevælgere heller ikke værde end at de trods alt lige siger nej tak.
Man kan godt undre sig over man har har haft det mest EU positive EU valg nogensinde den 26 maj og enhedslisten stadig er så store. WTF.
Ja bevares de har meget hurtigt holdt deres kæft hver gang de blev spurgt om vi skal ud af EU siden brexit. Men det står krafthelvede stadig på deres partiprogram.
Ikke rigtigt, de har bare ikke fået noget pres på det.
&gt;udmeldelse til efter brexit ja vi venter lige til englænderne er kommet ud. Det er da bare at tale uden om.
Thats just not true. for one, the stand doesn't pair with the mac pro, it pairs with the 5k monitor. And their mac pro is a hell of a lot more expensive than 13k maxed out. Just their module design is gonna add cost like a motherfucker.
Vel ikke lige så slemt som karriere selvmordet i rusland. Så han jo nok hjemme igen inden for et par år.
Americans and their geography :d
well mate, you are a bit stretched on that one.
it be pretty dumb, which i feel like i can credit you for fully.
Considering you are comfortable posting that monstrosity, i'd think not.
&gt;Much like any other European Monarchy at the time. Yet you want to chalk it up to "muh stupid americans" so be it. Yeah that we collectively take distance from the imperial ways of those days means nothing. you're right you dumb cunt american.
I think you just demonstrated the difference between having a history and not. In your mind it doesn't matter you just took what 7-8 non german cultures, (some which has very painful history about being occupied by germans) and called them germans. even a german would set you straight on that one mate.
&gt;he gave this team his prime while an incompetent front office made pathetic efforts to surround him with any sort of help You mean Leon Rose? Donnie Walsh was a great GM, who Leon Rose forced out to get someone that would do his bidding.
there is not really any nerves involved, so it doesn't really hurt. If anything it might snap and fling at other shit with nerves and that might hurt. But the actually tendon snap is not really something that hurts.
Epic is just throwing stupid money at anything with a pulse. they want something to get people on their platform and everyone hating on them makes it a bit hard to do it properly.
"ward man gets paid"
are we sure thats not a dubai person?
Feel we are missing out trading every other asset for AD.
You realize that pretty much every player we traded for was represented by leon rose right? Donnie walsh quit because of melo, he got coaches fired. He wasn't loyal to anyone but Leon Rose.
3 is arguably worth more than AD. Just glad we didn't do something stupid like trade for a one year rental.
Lebron got old. And AD is injury prone as fuck. yeah they could stink quite easily, they were trash last season, bron doesn't play D anymore. some might want to say shit about why bother last year but it was the same deal his last season with CLE. He is just not that guy anymore. They still dont have an outside game. i dont really know how you gonna make that work with AD working on the inside and lebron cutting inside, when there is no 3 point threat on the team.
nope, it was pretty bad last season. But he wasn't litterally making everyone else worse on the floor. Mudiay cant ball, he belong in big 3 tbh.
I mean you could pretty much clear WOTLK with just hunters, so only natural we need on everything.
I mean we cleared 70 million in cap to probably strike out. We are a joke.
Could have taken bad contracts in for that cap instead + getting picks along the way. Instead we are sitting on 70 million that is not doing anything for us.
We cleared 70 million in cap space and got nothing to show for it, most likely. That is a joke. We cleared cap in the porzingis deal to make room for FA, we could have taken salary and gotten more picks/young guys instead. obviously it does not have be all for nothing but we missed out on a lot of deals already where teams have given picks for cap space this past month and that really puts a fat mark under the FOs intention of making it big this FA and if that misses we are a joke mate. we are not gonna get the most out our space waiting like we have.
I've been doubting them for a while it's not really great moves any of them. And if they fuck up FA they will have pretty much failed getting any value out of it.
Yes that is true, and i didn't intend to say there was nothing left to gain. But there is a lot of missed opportunities already and they were arguably better than what is gonna come when we absorb cap for contenders.
What about him?
I think you highly overestimate mitch's value. Yeah he is decent but mostly just a product of him not playing the year before and the new structure in the draft where second rounders has a lot more to say in where they end up. Not like he wasn't known.
ofcourse not but you can account for not seming to even consider outside the 2 candidates in kyrie and KD, kawhi started the year by saying he wasn't gonna stick arround in toronto and you are only just picking up that option. The arguably best player in the league you haven't paid attention to all year who is a FA. it's not exactly great FO work.
Fo put us in that situation. They made it possible with the cap for us to sign any 2 players we want stating along the way this FA is gonna be Something special. Backtracking now saying fucking randle looks like a good get is a joke. The quote is out. You cant go back on it not Looking like a complete failure. Grifin is stunting on us right now making moves all over the place.
Imagine doing pretty much Everything right. Being in front of the curve your first 4 years and 2 teams says nah. Fuck me d lo got Some icey veins to just keep on Going at his pace.
Skal ikke kunne sige om jeg bare har været uheldig med mit Twitter feed eller Brøndby fans bare ikke kan tåle afklaring af virkeligheden. For der var godt nok mange der mente det ødelagde fodbold at de rigtige afgørelser blev lavet.
Vm var lort, det rigtigt! men synes faktisk det fungerede bedre og bedre i løbet af slutrunden. Det har også fungeret ret fint i champions league. Dommerne skulle vel lige nå et punkt hvor det hele ikke skulle tages så bogstaveligt, og rykke rammerne inden for det rimelige.
everyone in russia apparently.
And every knicks fan should be demanding your resignation if you strike out.
Parker is hot garbage, would rather have mudiay than that dude.
There is litterally no big FAs next year so dumping wont happen like it did this year, another opportunity squandered by our amazing FO.
feel like Dlo should be a target if we fail. It's not a very expensive max compared to other options. There is nothing next year in FA. probably wont be that hard to get rid off if we wanted to shed space in 21, also not that hard to create space arround his deal.
Dlo been gradually improving over his rookie deal. You want draftees to build chemistry well, having a guy like Dlo on the rock making everyone better seem like a pretty good way to do just that. He made the nets who is a rather unremarkable roster decent, and he is still young. still 23, can develop with the team just fine, even if he is a lot better than what we currently have.
still hot garbage though.
same thing.
pretty normal ain't it? adding a touch of acidity in a thin layer of gel on top?
For det meste kører spillet videre og så giver VAR rummet en melding om der skal tjekkes noget. Som regel kommer der ikke et stop i det jeg har set uden den mere eller mindre er blevet sagt der er en fejl. Måske hvis der sker noget lige på kanten af feltet som dommeren gerne vil sikre hvorvidt det er et straffe eller frispark ellers kan jeg ikke lige se hvorfor det skulle skabe den situation du hentyder til.
woops thats a weapon, lets look at this tree shall we?
yeah it look more brick like than board like.
Thats the most appropiate flag ever planted in food.
Nah they just require to have seating. The old stands without seats were a hazard.
Loan em out and make One or 2 go through repositioning that never works anyway.
Nah the seats are mostly there to avoid people getting crushed.
they also banned certain foreign banks for unlawful practices.
pretty normal for nike to "rehash" logoes. Mikkel Hansen is no longer with nike, but when he was he had pretty much the exact same logo as lebron james. Tried to find it, was not succesful, he had like a LJ 6 going i think, it was. and they just ripped it for mikkel hansen too.
high as a motherfucker on a scooter.
spanish laws require release fees, same thing for rubio and pretty much anyone coming out of spain. there been a few disputes but those were ussually in the case of contracts running out in their draft year. Mario Hezonja was one of those cases, didn't get much time on the floor.
i love the last post, like sun telegraph is actual news papers. Yeah you probably shouldn't trust a tabloid, if you need to learn that we got a long way to go.
5/5 because of the courtesy flush.
Dont want to be a party pooper but cant see him just taking knicks offer like that. If he wasn't going back to warriors i cant see him making his decission this fast.
lots of conflicting reports, so which one is smoke and mirrors is hard to make out RN.
Still a 80 million hole we did jack shit with. Poor management no way arround it.
0-3 Chelsea away. Made Chelsea drop out of top 4 and i had a full summer of being on top of the banter with my chelsea friend.
ways from mediocre.
we traded for 2 busts, after they shown themselves as busts. how is that crazy?
david stern made the nba a place where people like MJ and AI could flourish. He made the foundation of the NBA very marketable. He helped clean it up in the 80s. MJ and AI May have been great cooks, but it would not have been the same if anyone but stern built the kitchen.
Honestly. 1% is a lot worse than you think. Top 1 % is fairly easy to hit.
Also invest in weapon manufacturers. Should be insidertrading but not when you are president apparently.
Nail in the coffin for 100 Alex.
Are people shitting on him? dont we mostly understand love? cavs wasting his time while he has to endure this shitshow.
mængden af stats betyder egentlig ikke det store i FM. allokeringen er meget mere vigtig :)
So cavs gonna be stuck with TTs contract talk about vengeance.
Could we not pretend we had succes because NOP and brooklyn got unlucky with injuries? we had the most incompetent FO performance since someone traded for bargnani.
Thats really besides the point ain't it? we had a catastrophy of a year from the management and this is what knicks fans keep saying. stop making excuses for the FO and hold them accountable for their shitty performance.
But we would have made them if we had the chance so it's pointless. whats worse is we drove KP out of town to do exactly those mistakes and we failed and now we celebrate the failure? makes no sense.
The system forces you to adapt, and the large parties with mass apeal will always seek toward the middle in some sense to get the votes in between. This in turn also is a behemently flawed idea. Since they each got a wing they need to build a majority with, which will not compromise on those promises that reaches over the middle.
&gt; idk wtf Portis was doing there Just portis things.
Knicks seem to know they aren't a basketball team, so they are trying to branch out finding their identity.
Stars are based on your team quality isn't it?
Paper breaks down really easy. Obviously you have to make sure there is no plastic lining or something like that. Cans glass and such are fine as well. Mostly just plastic that is a huge problem That you have in your regular trash. Most other things are not that bad. And will break down rather quickly.
Fuck you want expiring for?
And now they are practically british ?
Such a british move, We are a super power respect the brand! and then everyone avoids it like the plague.
okay im gonna skip it.
Opel just seem like that kid in a divorce where both parents didn't actually want kids so it it ends up at grandparents and aunts.
No the best way is giving up expiring and talking back deals that dont expire.
Which is the opposite of what you said?!
funny enough it is also used in surgery on noses. Helps bloodvessels contract and minimize bleeding.
sorry thought it was the same guy throughout, my bad!
You should not eat the boi, 7/10.
Clippers got like the best second unit in the league, so why would they even consider this?
they did a beats by dre infomercial, so why not take it a step further?
&gt; We saw him successful in NOLA as a 3rd option. He played on a team build arround AD how is that not a team build arround him when AD sits?
Being the replacement for AD means you got a team designed for randle fucking ignorant to try and pull a "technically", on Something that obvious.
Okay, he had a handmedown. From someone exactly the same just better in every way. fuck you could have put anthony bennett into that situation and he would have looked borderline all star too.
brøndby og hente afdankede gamle navne?
ved ikke helt hvad jeg skal tænke om det. ståle er vel træt af at sotte har været på banen.
Men ståle hader ham stadig.
it's pretty much the only label there is on those. So either you are full of shit or malice.
whooever holds DSJ, but thats just my oppinion.
nah he was always a net loss for you guys, he just looks fun while being horribly ineficient.
This is great now i have time to get bored with Mount and blade!
No. These cyst are a newer problem since they ussually form because of injections. Pigs aren't more likely to get them. They are overmedicated though. Cows are fewer in numbers easier to spot the sick ones needing treatment.
frank taken a lot of shit his first 2 years, but he improved and he plays with an intensity that rubs off on other players on the floor. since the new york identity was tied up to dogs like starks and anthony mason back in the day, it's not hard to see why frank would be well recieved.
from an objective point of view, he should be traded. He is on a very cheap contract he is in every way perfect for a contender in a backup role. his value for us is rather miniscule. objectively he is not a great fit for us to hold on to, he is up for a big payrise and its not really a great asset for us to hold on to going forward. His price? hard to say, really depend on the team.
would probably not kick KP out the fucking door with no fucking clue of what was ahead. even when they found out they where not gonna sign KD they had plenty of options to use that cap space to absorb assets, but not one deal was made. could be worse? sure, but still was worse than a poor performance.
Not anything to take in fa. So might as well swallow a few lousy contracts strapped with an asset. By far our best option right now.
You need to calm down mate.
a future where mavs aren't robbing us? too far out.
Im no doctor but i somewhat doubt you'd be fine and dandy after that.
well, to be fair to the FO, they have put us in a position where it is hard to really fuck up worse than they already have. So how are you really gonna fuck it up here?! i mean im interested in seeing it. mills and perry works wonders but even this scenario, i cant imagine how we gonna end up worse than we are.
You are suggesting brad pitt is not in his prime?
yeah, no lawyer can argue their way out of that statement.
this is a very wellknown satire account...
Virker sådan lidt ugennemtænkt. hvornår skal det bruges og hvornår er fejlen stor nok? kommer de til at tage sådan nogle situationer hvor en spiller stikker til en anden når dommeren ikke kigger eller hvad er det de vil opnå?
Danish copyshow of last week tonight. "Ugen + det løse" it's called.
No he wasn't, it was bullshit just like when AD said New york was a real posibility. Leon rose was set on getting max dollars, sure, and he knew dolan was gonna fuck it up.
mills and perry just trynna get every alternative pick that Jackson made in hopes one of them pans out and they can stroke eachother off.
Also just speculations that somehow leon rose rejects somehow all found their way to the knicks and walsh pretty much quit after the trade?
&gt;"I wanted it. It was something I wanted. I wanted to take that challenge on. Whether I failed at it or not I wanted to be able to say that I did it," Anthony said in a candid interview Sunday night. "I took it upon myself to say, 'Get me there.' I wanted that challenge. Not everybody has that same mentality."
&gt;That's something I'm going to have to think about, deeply soooo thats your source for he wanted to sign extension with nets? really? stop pulling shit out your ass...
nah mills wouldn't have any doubt to trade frank.
not like ps/xbox is a whole lot better in that regard.
Food safety is a pretty big offense. Since he works for a professional establishment it gets the same treatment as someone pouring ratpoison in a batch of milk. If you want to be a piece of shit, i'd suggest not to mess with peoples food.
Not really, this has been a key point since the industrial revolution started. manufactured food products where seen as a safer way of eating in those days and a few mishaps challenged that idea and regulations where enforced to keep the trust.
Probably. But it's the same span, same law. Up to 10+ years in jail. Rat poison might bring added charges. But the scale dont really matter. If he had hepatitis or Something. Probably wont be considered different than rat poison. The magnitude of risk is not really that big a factor.
Thats the case in most of the developed world.
No... food safety is very highly punished arround the world. Thats not an American phenom.
Obviously not. Such an easy trade for a knicks fan.
Top 1 % is the Best out of 100. It sounds like a lot but it is achievable by most really.
Maybe he didn't want to spend an entire evening he had looked forward to on the phone with you? There is a lot of red flags in this post. But they are on you.
Month old relationship...
well there is a lot of things that could factor in. invite was probably done before that relationship started. Might not be a +1 party, its a bit much to expect a girlfriend of 1 month to be invited.
So... after R.kelly got his shit in the light he lost all his talent? still catchy as fuck.
yeah... thats gonna be a pass from me.
He is a bit of a cunt really... Studio offered him a deal with royalties because they were just starting out and didn't exactly have a whole lot of cash. He refused and demanded a flat fee. And now he is complaining because he probably ended up with less than 10% of what he would have made on the franchise.
They sold like 7 million copies before they made the 3rd game, so not just a succes in the 3rd game.
Just waiting for the frog to slowly kill all neutral items, then i'll come back.
first 2 were not even close in budgets, quite a succes compared to their size, the 3rd was the first AAA game and the other 2 were massive succes compared to the budgets. the first 2 paved the way for the size and effort put into the 3rd.
he is on a guaranteed deal, so as far as i know he cant actually leave. he is a bit slow and his handles are not really good enough to pull that in the NBA. that said i would have liked to see him get knox minutes just to see what he is capable of. a lot of the same shit was said about lin, right up to the point of him blowing up.
But it's shit poultry that doesn't meet eu requirements. So it's Apple and oranges.
As far as i could tell they weren't asked to change them, just give americans a pass on them. im pretty sure we got wellfare stickers all over europe so they got a product that dont meet any of the requirements so who the hell are they gonna sell to? macdonalds? they spent the past 25 years trying to convince people they weren't using american meat.
It's like the internet, state the wrong answer and someone is gonna correct you within seconds.
I would assume the gwyneth paltrow vagina candle would be up there.
value of those picks are not easy to determine. we got 1 next year with no protection, which dont matter a whole lot since dallas are balling and thats unlikely to change unless something drastic is happening. doesn't look like a particularly strong class. probably stronger than the one we are going into. other pick is protected and quite unlikely to get us anything in the lottery range. since we have a completely inept FO that no longer can take advice from someone like gaines i'd probably rather have KP. 2, sub 15 picks or KP, yeah it seems more likely we'd get the best deal even with KP's injury woes.
3 solo lanes and notail and saksa just fucking arround?!
Nah the mess is just too much to get proper data and the added cleanup is a cost. So it Will set you back 10 Grand. But at least you save money on the funeral.
I'd pass on wiseman, he is a 7 footer, not hard to get the needed pressence inside for a lot less. right now edwards seem like the one i'd pick with free choice.
Feeding someone irrelevant like lil. Why bother really?
loads of russians on here. at this point he does look like a russian version of gorc, which is ironic because he got signed by OG.
I mean, sunsfan is by all means a moron on the subject. it might be a fluke from his side in that he did not now a god damned thing about what he was doing. But other than that they played really well, slightly more gel time it could have ironed out the kinks that ultimately... no fuck that, wingz was fucking unstopable that year.
[Then you end up with this mess](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQRg7wH_FC0)
the sticker costs more than the ads generate in revenue.
most definitely a lot of communal showers at bording schools.
Do anyone care inside the EU? we got everything we possibly could want out of it. Most possitive EU election results ever, and a firm response that just shows how strong the union really is, with its combined strength. At most im a bit sad for scotland. Now they have to leave one union to join another, and it's just a mess really.
i mean after 10 drinks we cant tell any of you apart really.
Im danish so thats just a light warmup, but once brits get to arround ten they all sound alike.
Really you gonna take greece and italy as example? Just shows the delusion.
&gt; I got drunk with some Danish folk once, really great at drinking! america got baseball, we got drinking. The danish pass time sports?!?!
Worst part is, it doesn't crack a top 3 of bad contract for the knicks.
Du er lige som de mennesker der foretrækker knorr bearnaise sauce. Så ringe opdraget du tror det værste er det bedste. Kløvers er så ringe jeg har mistænkt arla for at sabotere produktet fordi de er trætte af de ekstra varenumre.
Cepos er så fulde af lort... Det som muslimer der drikker bajere og æder bacon, og samtidig leger helligere end hellig. Deres egne ideologiske retningslinier siger at man aldrig skal blande sig i markedet, det regulere sig selv. Men det vælger man at ignorere. De er virkelig sjove at følge dog. De arbejder på en knivsæg hvor de ballancere en meget fin linie hvor de kommer igennem hele vejen rapporten og så konkludere det præcist modsatte af deres egne undersøgelser.
meget.
årh kunne du være en større nedladende idiot? måske ikke på hudfarven alene. men ligesom så mange andre har jeg boet i udsatte boligområder og prøvet at politiet bare har smækket røret på fordi jeg boede der. christianiter er blevet undertrykt og jagtet af politiet de sidste 20 år. Mange udsatte unge får absolut ikke de hjælpemidler de har brug for i de lavere sociale klasser. Hvilket i høj grad virker til at være ekstra meget for det danske klientel. Hvilket er skønt når indvandrerfamilierne samtidig får kastet ressourcer i hovedet bare for at få dem til at følge en almindelig dansk hverdag. At du er så blind i dit priviligerede blegfede liv at du ikke ser dem der bliver trådt på dagligt, bare fordi regner med de har de samme muligheder som din blegfede røv er vel egentlig ret sigende om dit priviligieblindhed. bums.
Nej det dig der holder fast i det skal have noget med farve at gøre. Men har heller ikke stor tiltro du kan holde styr på det lort du lukker ud.
Well, he isn't going to be in charge of trading, so no point in talking too much of how bad a GM he'd be.
Not a bad record for him there really. he doesn't seem to care too much about age, skill is skill from what i've seen. He gave a lot of trust in young players at chicago, he butted heads a bit in minny, but i could probably excuse him since the culture seems a bit rotten up there. and the lavine trade was not really that bad, they had like 7 people on the roster for the same spot. lauri and zach looks pretty good, but come on, for jimmy butler 4 years ago? not even a hard decission really.
he really had to play the vets, his job was on the line, he looked just as likely to have to find a new place of employment. Thats a lot easier if you got something out of this team rather than play the young guys. If he got some job security i'd think he would also be more open to fielding differently.
had the same happen, everyone was raging war so production was just destroyed. Bought my way to peace and got even richer.
as always JR is all over the place. the lion lives on the savanna, not in the jungle. And the tiger is like a lot stronger than the lion.
but tigers are tigers, and if you get them towards a common goal, the lions. you'd need a lot more than teamwork to even that fight.
As if he knows.
Find it weird, that coorporations find the need to put their nose in all of it, even non american companies for some reason does it. not gonna defend dolan though.
Source var bare for dem der ikke var gode nok til 1.6
americans always has to 1 up everyone...
Det er basen i thousand island, så kommer der lidt andre ting i udover som man ikke kan smage alligevel.
Nej den bevægelse har altid været helt håbløs i danmark. virker ikke engang ekstremt i forhold til deres generelle nieveau.
Den kunne sikkert godt have en relevans, men de rehasher bare sloganer ind i en kontekst der ikke passer. Så det bliver bare ligegyldigt råberi.
er nysgerrig på hvem du mener det er.
Nu er der jo også lige det at det er hvad 7-8 år siden at 1.6 scenen gik død. Hvilket source sådan set også gjorde, det var som regel også de lidt ældrere spillere der spillede 1.6. Så det ville være lidt underligt hvis de stadig kom fra 1.6... ville nu nok sige NiP var mere dominerende men det var i de spæde CSGO dage hvor konkurrence nok ikke var så overvældende.
Also watch the movie first! One of my favorite comedy movies.
Seem like it would just be easier to not be a dick with peoples packages than covering it all up.
You could just... you know, actually talk to your kids and keep them off that teet.
Altså... Det er et firma der mente mælk og appelsinjuice gik pisse fedt sammen. Tror du sætter baren lidt højt.
Meeeeen hvis du nu støtter en af de største distributører i deres nye veganske linier, som med garanti kommer ud bredere når Arla lancere, end når nogen anden gør. Så ville det vel egentlig hjælpe ret meget på udbredelsen af alternativet og i sidste ende give mindre til ko industrien end hvis det bliver tiet ihjel og arla afliver produktet om 3-6 måneder.
Memes are gold either way. Just need Kurt "big booty bitches" Rambis and we are heading towards dangerous levels.
Gives me highschool graduation flashbacks.
What we call and "error 10", the error is sitting 10 inches from the steering wheel.
It never does :(
couldn't have said it better.
Did you get it from 2ga, or some shit?
They sell stolen keys. Steam and publishers in general got no obligation to you when you buy a stolen key and can revoke your access without a problem.
it was happening too fast, so trump the based genius postponed it. So in a few months 30 mio americans are gonna have to pay 4 months mortgage payments and we got 2008.
thank fuck for that, the other thing was absolutely retarded.
So now they just got regular bullets?
There is a mod that lets your garrison recruit from prisoners, that one does not care what tier unit that are in there, they will convert everyone.
So we finally catch a break only to get lamelo... we truly are cursed.
Franks D is one of the best in the league. Was very obvious how he can transform a defensive back court under mike miller. No it didn't work when he was sorrounded by people that neither wanted to or could play defense. There is a reason why every team ran P&amp;R against us every time down the floor, because none on the team gave any effort, and frank got smoked because who ever he defended P&amp;R with always just bailed and left him 1v2.
I dont think your police force has the same duty as your military in that regard.
no idea.
&gt;I de spanske medier er gruppen døbt "Los Suecos" Uf det lyder hårdt. &gt;-svenskerne ligemeget...
US generally wipe their ass in international law, so hard to be surprised.
Fact that you forgot breaking bad which still is rated highest really underlines that point.
Most ten year olds aren't tripods.
Mostly slaves were from neighbor countries, not imported from far away countries. Most of the slaves in denmark was from sweden.
Oh god yes, we got a local BLM chapter and it's just utter nonsense the shit they are spewing. Not gonna claim no issues are present, i do know of cases that was quite clearly racial profiling, a friend got arrested twice for being brown. No ties to anything regarding the case he was arrested for but he was dark skinned and found by the police. So know he is always trying to get picked up by the police because 3rd time gives a massive payout.
well, im danish so... we got a rich naval tradition, so guess who owned those ships? we did.
stores probably made a calculation and figured if you gonna buy it at the store you gonna do it regardless of price. You either dont know better or cant wait.
Dont think you gonna find easy picks for next year on the trading block, but im not against trading out of the draft. We could go after young players that shown they have a place in the league. Aired sekou doumbouya as a target many times, but he might not be an easy target in detroits current situation. Coby White is probably not easy to target either, but they do have zach lavine that pretty much fills the exact same role. Might be possible if they decide they could get a piece in the draft that fit better. lauri goes without say i think at this point. Rui Hachimura, rookie this year, not over the moon on him but outside my top 3 big board he still looks like a better bet. not hitting 3s on very few attempts. no real indication from before he was drafted that it's going to get better.
Er hun i bund og grund ikke bare venstrefløjspaludan?
og en er rigeligt. De skal ikke have flere, de skal have færre.
&gt;fandt man Fentanyl og Metamfetamin i hans blod. For det første, så fandt de ikke meth i hans blod, de fandt amfetamin! kæmpe forskel, der er rigtig mange lovlige præparater der bruger amfetamin, og Fentanyl findes sjældent uden andre opioder hvis det foregår uden for receptmedicin. Egentlig er det ret ligegyldigt hvad helvede han lavede for 10 år siden, der er 4 politibetjente der valgte at sætte sig på ham og klemme livet ud af en mand der ikke gjorde en trussel eller modstand. Behøver han at være en fucking superhelt for at det er fucking forkert?
&gt;Læs nu hvad jeg skriver før at du brøler med dine følelser. læser noget der er lodret forkert som du tydeligvis ikke har forstand på, og indsigt i. Det har ikke ret meget med mine følelser at gøre at du skal lade være med at lukke lort ud. Det er tydeligt du ikke har læst raporten hverken den uafhængige eller politimyndighedernes. &gt;Politibetjentene involveret har fået deres straffe. øh nej?
Okay du er jo dum som lort... Det er ubetydeligt der er en myndighed der prøver at male et billede af en junkie uden belæg? &gt;Det er tydeligt at jeg har ramt et øm punkt egentlig bare tydeligt du tror du har en hjerne men mangler virkelig bevis for det. &gt;Jeg kan også godt lide at du siger det som om at fentanyl er helt ufarligt, haha. Det har jeg somend ikke antydet den mindste smule, fentanyl er fucking farligt, Det bare ikke det spørgsmålet er i denne sag, han døde ikke af fentanyl. Det har alle rapporter sådan set konkluderet. &gt;Om så det var amf eller meth, har det ikke meget at skulle have sagt. Du mener ikke der er forskel på om man siger nogen er junkie eller har spist en lægeordineret pille? er det ikke ret tydeligt i det billede du prøver at male at det er ret vigtigt for din pointe at the var methamfetamin? &gt;Det er en der er lavet af deres familie læge, og en lavet af der der foretog autopsien. igen lukker du lort ud. Det er en uafhængig myndighed der har lavet obduktion, ikke en fucking familie læge... At du overhovedet er dum nok til at tro det var en mulighed fatter jeg simpelthen ikke. &gt;selvom du kan gemme dig bag anonymitet herinde på Reddit. er det en trussel? er du virkelig så dum ?
&gt;Manden var en degenereret stofmisbruger, der var kriminel og sikkert en kvindehader også. Det mener du godt du kan konkludere ud fra ingenting. Imponerende at du mener jeg putter ord i munden på dig fordi jeg påpeger lort du lyver om. Men de her ord kan du sagtens stå ved. &gt;Du kan tydeligvis ikke lide hvad jeg siger og bruger derfor ad hominems fordi du har ondt i numsen, mildt sagt Igen mine følelser har det helt fint, det er der med at du ikke har sat dig en milimeter ind i noget som helst og fra et udgangspunkt af nul forståelse konkludere han må være både narkoman og kvindehader. Hop du hellere tilbage til paludans youtube videoer. Du har IQ til det niveau.
Du har set en youtube video der understøttede din bias og så klappede du i hænderne og sagde det må være sådan. Har blokeret dig for det simpelthen for dumt til jeg gider at læse mere fra din side.
Just say he is luka, harden 2.0? come on.
Ja det går meget hurtigt fra uprofesionelt rod, til bedrageri. Det satme ikke en organisation der er godt styret.
Main problem i see is that he seemed to hinder RJ a lot when he was here. could be coincidence but RJ really took it a step up after the trade and i'd rather not try that again.
Poor alternatives?! It's a pretty shit draft, being the "best" of this draft is not really a badge of quality anyway.
WC is a defensive tourney, much higher value om griezman working his ass off. Croatia worked their way to the final.
Most likely would be buy to kill at that point.
Yeah nothing new, not hard being woke when its free.
The issue wasn't that lebron didn't stand up, but that he actively tried to have colleagues and other staffers silenced. He didn't just not say anything, he actively bend over and let winnie go at him.
i'd give him passing over lamelo. D is a lot stronger than the ones Lamelo faces, so the slight increase in turnover is understandable. They make the same mistakes passing really. lamelo just got 5 more minutes on the floor to get his stats.
NBA is really trying hard to push him into a role of the next super duper star. It became painfully clear after the lockdown, that they desperately want a lebron zion series for marketing purposes for when his documentary comes out in 20 years.
Yeah except if you played on PC and got sold previous years game again... seriously 2k is fucking cancer.
https://abcnews.go.com/US/state-pay-wrongful-conviction-depends-state/story?id=62436623 Its not a lot considering 36 years, 250.000 max. NY got no cap except for per day incarcarated.
&gt;The digital library can theoretically remove it from your account at any time. See the Amazon Kindle debacles or the copyright issues with Too Human and XMen Destiny. Even PT. Physical media is always yours. yeah im sorry, but no. Just because you got the physical disc it's not yours. same ToS apply to you. &gt;You can lend, borrow games with physical media. thats already extremely limited. &gt;5. Games are more likely to be cheaper on disc and go on sale more often than their digital counterparts. eh, i mean, probably? it's a closed system so no competition, but it's definitely not the case on PC. Always a 100% chance you can find the game cheaper digitally.
&gt;no one can take it away and you will always keep it. they can definitely make it not work. As far as i've seen they still haven't talked about always online DRM. at least to my knowledge, if it's there your physical copy will make absolutely zero difference.
there is nothing illegal in it. it's already widely used by publishers.
doesn't really mean anything when you exactly claim what buying a game means, buying a license of use. you dont own shit.
well yes, the movies you stream goes through compression and aren't rendered like videogames are, so yeah, it's a big difference in quality, that goes without say. it even has a hold in the music business. services like tidal made a lot of sense but i dont think majority of people realize the difference. getting proper highquality movies through digital services are almost impossible for most regions.
Cross breeding doesn't go under GMO. It's quite litterally happening all arround us everyday naturally in a lot of plants. it's almost anger inducing we been sitting on a perfect solution for so many problems for 30-40 years. Nothing really been done with it, we still have governments holding it back and believing old wifestales of the horrors of GMO. Even though im not too optimistic about it, i hope it changes in my lifetime at least.
wow she is the creepiest thing i ever seen.
&gt;(and I’m pretty sure the season aired shortly after the Parkland shooting or one of the other recent school shootings) well... at that time it was impossible to not air something too close to a school shooting.
Still cant see anything but mario hezonja light. In that case i'd rather trade the pick away than pick him.
Nature got a new intern who dont know the controls, and dont want to bother reading the manual.
Lebron is a given, and i feel like we can probably go from there and say who he could influence to follow his ideas.
De har faktisk lavet ret fornuftige biler længe. huyndai accent fra 15 år tilbage er nok noget af det bedste jeg nogensinde har kørt i. Den var pisse grim ude og indvendig men det var en fryd at køre i. Desværre var det en af de første diesel motorer de havde lavet som viste sig at have en del børnesygdomme.
&gt;Denne fortælling forklarer forskellen: 10 sidder rundt om et bord. Heraf er 2 sorte og resten er hvide. Bob er sort og har ikke fået mad. Steve er sort og har fået mad. Jens er hvid og har ikke fået mad. Resten har fået mad. Almindelige mennesker ville sige at alle der ikke har fået mad bør få det (Bob og Jens). All lives matter! "Antiracisterne" ville sige 50% af sorte har ikke fået mad!! Giv sorte mad (Bob og Steve). Black lives matter! Det er klassisk whataboutism du fyrer af sted. du vil gerne nedtone en uretfærdighed fordi der er andre, og det er noget af det mest ligegyldig input i verdenen. Du er decideret regressivt tænkende...
Det kan ikke blive mere on topic? hold da op.
Det vel lidt ligegyldigt hvis det bare er hende og kæresten der er til generalforsamling?
Det er også meget skrabet til at køre warzone, selv hvis du skifter GPU. Det er trods alt en 10 år gammel maskine.
unless it's against his financial interests, then he cares again and does whatever he can to make it go away.
De skal jo prøve at bevare bare lidt troværdighed, de skal jo vælges igen. Da de ikke har nogen troværdighed må de digte, og vi ved alle at hvis man repetere noget længe nok sidder det fast.
&gt;og så alligevel for ejer man et sommerhus i Danmark kan man nemlig godt komme ind i landet. &gt;Den danske særregel betyder, at udlændinge som udgangspunkt ikke må købe sommerhuse. Der skal en særlig tilladelse til fra det danske justitsministerium, før udlændinge kan få lov til at købe sommerhuse i Danmark, også selv om der er tale om EU-borgere. Det nok ikke så relevant, da det nok kun er folk med dansk pas der bor i sverige der har sådanne muligheder. De har sådan set hele tiden kunne krydse.
gør vi sku nok heller ikke, ellers er der virkelig en vanvittig forskel. Der er 16 gange så mange indlagte samtidig med at aktive cases kun er 4 gange så stort. Tror ikke man kan ligge så forfærdeligt meget i infektionstallet. Antallet af indlagte er nok et mere retvisende billede.
Det er ellers ikke et problem at det er ødelagt, meget af det kan fint genanvendes selv om det er er smadret.
It's not even close. Booker ayton is a lot Better duo right now and they still got growing in them. Right now we can hardly even say mitch is a starter going forward. Rj didn't have the Best start either. 2 players heading towards all-star and 2 finding their legs in the league. You'd have to be stupid to not want to trade places.
Yeah i put that poorly. Was more a dig on melo being godawful not a counter to your post.
Yeah but we do Know improvement is much harder when you dont have a shot. Larry legend is close to only person ever doing it and i'd bet my grandma that lamelo got nowhere near that workethic and drive.
might be able to rub off on a few of our guys... imagine mitch getting some footwork tips, and oh lord imagine if randle learned how to pass :O
he shown the exact same thing last year so i dont really want to take "12 games" sample size for anything worthwhile, he is consistently god awful, in bad leagues.
but yours is? you claim a 12 game sample is to low and then spew a 5 game one, which he got hot in one and went fucking 1-9 in his last game. SMFH.
It's a dummy league, it's like watching mudiay tapes. He is in a shit league and playing on the worst team of said league. It's like when hardaway JR would go off on nights there were down 30. If you dont see that from his tapes, i dont see much point in the discussion. It's a shit draft there isn't a lot of excitement in it. But lamelo is no stud, he is awful, and found a place that he could pad his stats but he still has to hit, thats quite obvious he cant.
I kinda stand with kyrie on this one, It's not like they haven't tried their "platform". Dave Chapelle said it well in 8:46. The streets are singing, and we shouldn't drown out their worse. Starting NBA and drawing attention away is gonna be drowning out their voices.
"pro" league. Also he plays on such a bad team that every minute is garbage minutes. There is litterally no D and he still cant hit a fucking shot...
Litterally the worst one i've seen. He is shooting 2handed... like wtf, he might as well be going granny style.
effort translate, and there is none.
statistically speaking it's a lot easier to learn offense for a defensive solid player than the other way arround. He had good opportunity to add to that part of his game last year playing in a very defensively sound league but it doesn't show at all.
It's scott perry after all.
Yeah i dont get why people are so hyped for him yet guys like theo maledon is not even seen as a lotto pick by many.
It's criminal that theo maledon is in clippers pick range in this draft.
there is more polish on him than lamelo, i'd say he is more ready than killian as well. very nice jumper, very patient on the ball and waits for defense to make the move, it's honestly a lot like watching luka on the ball. obviously still ways to go, he just turned 19, but there is a lot of his game that looks nba ready. 3 and D is in his range already. He needs to tighten up a bit probably to really create for him self in the same way.
Rather not have his drama back.
Dertil kommer er Arla ret villige til at videreudvikle på koncepter der er marked for. Bare se laktosefri. For 10 år siden kunne du få piskefløde en slags mælk og måske en yoghurt. Nu har de stort set laktosefri versioner på alt. Kan godt være veganere hader arla men de er sku ret gode til at arbejde nye produkter igennem. Bevares nogle af dem er virkelig dårlige.
It can be tricky but it Should be quite easy finding a job as an engineer and if you got that you are really on the short track to get a visa. Most higher education jobs default language is english so that part is really not a huge problem. You probably Know how to appologise as well as any dane, so golden there too. Culturally we are probably a bit on the colder side. It's not that easy to fit in. I know i forget to talk english for the non natives arround my 3rd beer. Socially the language barrier is going to be present, professionally not so Much.
Yeah your way is a lot harder. I Think there is some links in the sidebar with information. I have a friend who spend the better part of the year trying to get visa your way. She was from USA. It was not easy and they had to get married. There was so many permits and bullshit, and to top it off they had some permits that they only had for 3 months else they had to start over. It is not the easiest country to get into. You could start out with a tourist visa.
Oi! Nice las!
You're dead.
Also the terrorist he is holding for us and he threatens to release at moments notice. Turkey is a weird beast. Erdogan let his people spread across europe and funds mosques all over europe to keep influence on those people that he still lets vote in turkey elections. Nobody even flinches at that while we crucify russian influence across the globe.
Korte svar "JA" lidt længere svar er "tjoah". Det længere svar er lidt mudret og i mange tilfælde er det simpelthen svært at lave en 240 hz skærm hvor pixels ikke "bløder". Og når de gør det bliver billederne ikke gode og kan føles værre end 144 hz. Hvis du ikke er super fanatisk tror jeg næppe du bliver meget gladere af 240 hz.
De lavede også en anden test, det var dog mere kvaliteten, og der var virkelig mange skærme der simpelthen ikke kunne følge med i 240HZ, så det er ikke skide nemt at finde de rigtige produkter på det marked.
"his best" season was still record breakingly bad in terms of inefficiency.
He was breaking MCW records for Ussage and piss poor efficiency, thats why he was riding the bench before being traded to us. Dallas already saw how piss poor he was and let him sit until they could unload him.
&gt;Waiting for the record that he broke. https://www.reddit.com/r/OrlandoMagic/comments/ag9uzq/per_bball_ref_dennis_smith_jr_is_just_the_second/ &gt;Maybe by the fact that he actually has more assists than the 2 draft picks specifically that the subreddit seems against giving up on. lol, you gotta be fucking stupid, how is anyone gonna get an assist when DSJ isn't letting go of the ball? &gt;You're right, the impact statistics are fairly clear. it sure is, DSJ cant fucking play. &gt;Probably more value than you lying from comment to comment. im lying? okay, you are clearly a waste of time, not gonna bother with you anymore.
"10th gen graphics"
lol you are seriously just sticking your fingers in your ears going lalalalalaalal while presented with the facts. That you even try and defend DSJ is a fucking joke..
&gt;his inefficiency in his first year wasn't even particularly remarkable. No he was only worse than the worst one to ever do it. You are right. nothing remarkable about that. Is this DSJ burner or are you just a fan of his slanging?
Teleporting like a pro. Blacks out and wakes up in a new setting.
&gt;Anyone suggesting we 'throw in' RJ and Mitch for that trade is insane. Said it many time, mitch needs to be traded. He is gonna be an UFA, and his contract has insane value right now. We got no control going forward with him, it would be best to get something for him right now. I get the homer feelings for him, but it would be best to shop him.
Nope he is UFA. https://www.spotrac.com/nba/new-york-knicks/mitchell-robinson-27002/
He is more and more hezonja light for every day that goes by.
Yeah thats why i call him light.
Yeah thats a good counter.
Du kan også bare drukne barnet. Gamle testamente approves.
Synes det havde været lidt tyndt at smide ham ud (måske farvede briller). Men fatter tilgengæld ikke jung kunne klare næsten hele kampen igennem uden at få et kort. Han slagtede varela hele kampen igennem og hev nødbremsen igen og igen. Tror uanset hvem man holder med så var det krafthelvede en dårlig dommer der var på banen. &gt;Bjellands assist til Uhre, der får lavet et frækt lop og udligner i slutminutterne er så lækkert at se, på en kamp, hvor jeg igennem hele anden halvleg sad med fornemmelsen af, at FCK nok skulle vinde kampen, fordi vi var så latterligt ineffektive på vores kæmpe chancer i dag. bjelland lignede en lort i hele kampen. Niveauet er der bare ikke, og han har ikke vavro der kunne piske banen rundt og rette hans fejl. Bliver ikke fedt med 2 år mere med ham på holdet. Det var nærmest poetisk at det eneste der kunne få en så sløv brøndby offensiv til at score, var bjelland.
&gt; In the LoTR behind these scenes they talk about how he was cast late I think he debunked that part a few times. He wasn't a late cast, he initially declined the part but his son convinced him he should take it.
&gt;There was also one time that lactose-free milk was missing from several chains for about 1 week. Netto, Lidl, Føtex, Fakta none had it except for Rema. Any explanation? I find it so odd! Actually think they had some problems with a production facility. Pretty sure there was a shortage in copenhagen for a month (they always get supplied lastly). There were a number of things that facility made exclussively, that was hard to come by for a while.
Jeg er med på kristne tror på noget så dumt som genopstandelsen men hvad der er dødt kommer sgu ikke tilbage ven. At sige de bare skal forkaste deres nye kultur, og det så er løsningen er virkelig den mest ligegyldige kommentar du kunne komme med... Får de deres kultur og ophav tilbage af det? nej vel...
Doesn't seem like a bad pick. Jackson never got found guilty. Cosby only got 3-10 years. Seem like the guy to go with if you are a massive piece of shit.
Donald sterling is without doubt the cheapest of cheap. He doesn't really fit the bill since he got rid of anyone worth keeping since he didn't want to pay anyone. It's kinda baffling the other owners didn't force him out way sooner. he was litterally riding the other teams back. Seeing all the money and work they put into the league while he counted pennies while his teams value skyrocketed with zero effort put into it.
I think he understands the game better than most. But that doesn't necessarily translate into a good coach. Then there is all the personality things you just dont want. He is one of my all time favorite players, i think his, is the only jersey i got left. I would not like to see him as head coach though.
Does wonders to kill things too.
Not likely, no mentions of modules in the log so doesn't look like there is any mods in there.
most dangerous part about him is that our team would most likely overperform under him.
&gt; Plus a lot of Americans don't seem to understand delayed gratification. Yeah we see that every 4 year. It's quite uncanny.
shithole countries?
Who told people arround grant the scope of the lawsuit? grant. Who told baumi? the ones not close to grant, since baumi is an outsider and not a part of that group. It's not a hard question. And its not that hard to convince people arround you to not look. Easiest way would be to come with a small admission, tell them something you did that was probably not raping or killing and it looks like you are coming clean, if the people you talk to get the impression you are confessing they ussually dont have many follow up questions.
I cant believe anyone beat us, it's just people calling eachother out, digging up bad predictions from years ago. how the hell are people beating us when all we do is fight?!
Håber det faktisk ikke. Ved godt det kriminelt at sige som FCK fan men har sgu mistet en del for manden. Dertil er han nok så løntung vi risikere en bjelland i anden grad hvor vi har låst budgettet med en spiller der ikke er god nok.
But you dont go anywhere outside a few island off the spanish coast.
I think it's their speak loud and slow so surely everyone will understand what they are saying when in a foreign country.
Nah mostly just the norwegians. I doubt any scandinavian fears america, Bush called denmark the capital of ikea and the current one is dumber than him. So seems most likely it would be a misfire, if anything was to happen.
It's an incredible display of ignorance you just pulled off here. Trump threw a hissy fits about percentages that were already agreed upon. (he demanded the exact same thing that was already in writing). Most of the reason any of it hasn't been fulfilled are in fact american contracts that has been delayed for 10+ years. Second... we are fucking subsidizing american warfare across the fucking globe. America lied their allies into wars that had nothing to do with anything NATO should be involved in, so how the fuck are you subsidizing us? we buy from america and you take no responsibility for all the illegal shit you pulled the past 20 years. fucking moron...
I thought Trump was bad, but apparently it's just a general coping mecanism you developed to excuse yourself for being godawful.
You think you had a fact?
We know better than to take sides with portis crazy eyes. even in a scenario where charles manson might not have started shit, you wouldn't excuse him for being crazy.
you realize we are talking about portis right?
yeah? he got crazy eyes, and is in fact a crazy motherfucker. he looks as crazy as he is, that doesn't mean i judge him on appearance.
Tror de fleste sender usælgeligt tøj til ophugning som så bliver til nyt materiale. som de sikkert også laver tæpper af.
&gt;"at være buschauffør i 9 timer mens man ser på et prøvebillede". Tror sku det er nogen der ikke har en ide om buschaufførens arbejde. Du har da kollegaer at hygge med. Plus alle passagerene er blevet guidet gennem en metaldetektor så minimal chance for en der stikker i en.
I mean, im not a great fan of MJ but he kinda was the poster boy of not trying to injure your opponents on purpose.
They are seriously letting JR into the bubble? are they fucking crazy?
De ringer hver dag. op til 6 gange tror jeg?
Why did they fall? because dwade grabbed his arm and dragged him down. It's pretty common knowledge you dont fucking grab someones limbs when they are falling. It's dirty as fuck.
Utah fans in shambles.
næ det er bare virkelig høje og nederen klokker.
Altså hvor mange trøjer tror du der står carlsberg på rundt omkring?
De kloge siger at det er ret svært at smitte når man er symptomfri. Ikke det er umuligt selvfølgelig.
