&gt; Contra and TMNT for NES are a must The first TMNT or the arcade port? If you're referring to the former, why do you hate OP?
Never got a chance to play the original. The new one was purchased for me as a gift. I am enjoying it and will not spend real money in game.
Megaman 2 and 3 for NES. difficult but super fun too.
HYYYPER-ZOOOONE!
I play it on my Wii. got it on the digital store.
Popeye's is a fried chicken chain.
I can’t say much that will help ease your pain but just know that as much as it sucks now, it does get easier. Eventually you will only remember the good things. The only way to repay the love she gave you is to give a good home to another pooch. Sleep well baby girl
Adultery and soliciting nude pics from fans. IIRC one (maybe more) of those fans he was soliciting was underage.
&gt; The Jock's sister (the "Meanest Girl") I don't know if you're attributing her to the movie Mean Girls, but she's definitely supposed to be Sarah Michelle Gellar from Cruel Intentions. If you weren't then my bad friend.
you are now Big Haircut!
&gt; 3 minutes to do 80 questions Were all the factors between 1 and 12? Just asking because in grade school those were the only ones we learned.
The swimming pool is still full
FUCK YOU!!!!!! nah but for real he's just ok imo
&gt; which is saying goodbye to the Skywalker saga I mean kind of but not really. Kylo is still a Skywalker. Leia is still a Skywalker (though not sure what will happen with her). Yoda as a Force Ghost still interacted with the environment, so there's reason to believe Luke still could as well. They Skywalkers are just being shifted away from, that's all. Either way I have loved every SW film aside from TPM and ATOC was just ok. Everything else is fucking great to me but I'm not very nit picky.
But comparators. Also quartz blocks are gorgeous. I should state that I haven't been playing long and I don't know if there were comparators before there was quartz. So if comparators predate quartz, just ignore that first part. lol
I trust Rockstar. GTA 5 didn't disappoint, though I'm not into the online aspects at all.
There’s a bit o’ Barb in there too
Such a sweet boy. I want to snuggle his face. I'm sorry if this is a downer but smother him in hugs/kisses/pets etc. At some point it'll be the last time you do those things and he never will get tired of it. Regardless of how much you do those things you'll always wish you did them more. Again sorry just passing on wisdom from losing my baby girl last year.
Good on you
[Same thing with Mariah Carey](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariah_Carey) so weird.
Kind of looks like Ilsa Fisher
Good on you. I dole this tidbit out a lot, and I feel like a Debbie Downer. However, it's something that needs to be heard. I try to remind myself with my Chocolate Lab (12 years old) that he doesn't have a ton of time left. I especially try to remind myself of this when he's whining at my wife and I at 8:30 pm that he wants us to go lay in bed so he can sleep on the bedroom floor with us in there. It's quite annoying but I have to believe it's because he loves us, because he can just go in there and lay down on his own, but he wants us in there too.
The best kind of extortion.
He was the first person who came to my mind. Can't believe this isn't higher. I know this sounds racist, but he's the most Jewish person I can think of.
I'm not a Christopher Guest nut by any means, but his movies always entertain me and Levy always shines in them.
Dont know if you're a fan of if it's feesable, but what about painting it like actual Jason's mask. Dirtied white plus the red triangles could work. [Like this] (http://i.ebayimg.com/00/s/NTAwWDUwMA==/z/wcAAAMXQ74JTVj6n/$_35.JPG?set_id=2)
Good luck with your choice!
[Here's the wiki on Taako](http://theadventurezone.wikia.com/wiki/Taako) It has an item list about halfway down. I had to click "expand" to see them so there's that.
&gt;No, the entire game is still around lootboxes. I'll preface with saying I got this as a gift and have clocked probably 15-20 hours. I'm fully expecting a downvote storm, but hopefully people listen. I saw a lot of the criticism was around unlocking characters. No lootboxes necessary for that. The issue with SWBF2 is that character enhancement is fairly dependent upon the lootboxes. I wouldn't say it's 100% dependent but it's pretty heavily dependent. I watched a youtube video with some tips and it's helped a lot to streamline me getting the things I want to be unlocked. Should I have had to look up helpful tips to know this stuff? probably not. I hope it doesn't come off as accusatory to you, but a lot of the hate for this game is definitely coming from people who haven't played it. The progression of the game is a bit clunky, but once you've played for a bit and figured things out, it's not nearly as bad as people are making it out to be. Obviously EA fucked some stuff up, but as long as the hiatus on the ability to buy lootboxes with real money, this game is a success to me personally. Unlockables aside, the game is gorgeous and fun to play even for someone like me who is terrible at shooters, but still enjoys them. Seeing as I don't have to spend additional dollars out of my pocket, I consider this game enjoyable.
I understand not wanting to support EA, and that's your decision. I will say that the paid loot box shit is disabled indefinitely, and the game is tons of fun. I got it as a gift, after deciding I wasn't going to buy it. So I played it and have enjoyed the crap out of it. I've been progressing well (though a bit slower than maybe I'd like .... [Insert feeling of accomplishment joke here]) and the game plays well and looks even better. You do what you want, but all I'm saying is you likely won't be disappointed with the purchase if you're a SW fan.
I understand your point, but for every person like you, there's a person who will complain about this. It's kind of how it goes with most media (movies, games, TV)
I totally understand and respect your choice and line of thinking. I totally agree with you. My wife bought it with some gift cards we had, so it would've been hard for me to explain this to her as she isn't informed about gaming. So I played it and have enjoyed it. I was happy they added a campaign, because that's how I learn to play a game and get comfy with controls, before hopping into multiplayer. That being said, the story is short and lackluster. They released an update that continued the story which I haven't finished. Another thing I like over BF1 is the class system for the troopers. Instead of building one player to use in multiplayer, you have an assault class (jack of all trades), a heavy class (beefy soldier with high HP and large machine gun style blaster), an officer class (decent damage and many support style abilities) and a specialist class (basically sniper style). I lost interest with BF1 quickly despite loving SW. BF2 I've been playing for roughly a month and still am excited to play it. It's even better playing with friends.
&gt;but it is my place to say "I don't like what I'm seeing and I'm going to engage with strangers and tell them about how I think your business practice is wrong and I don't want it anywhere near the games I do play." That's 100% fair. Speaking with your dollars is the best way to voice an opinion. I'm basing all of my statement off the shit I see on Reddit and other social media platforms. Is the progression clunky and in need of a bit of streamlining? for sure. Was EA stupid to think that real money loot boxes were a good idea? sure but you know there still would be people buying them unfortunately. Is the game fun and and visually appealing? To me yes it is and these are two of the biggest factors when I form an opinion on a game. Is the hate online for this game blown out of proportion? I think it is a bit, because it's EA and they've shot themselves in the foot a lot with the gaming community. They've certainly trashed their credibility. I don't know if I would have bought the game had it not been bought for me, but I think I would have. I have a number of friends who love it and also love SW. They're fairly plugged into the news of the gaming world. I hate that some dollars went to a company that is poorly ran on my behalf for sure. It's a bit bitter-sweet. BTW thanks for being civil on reddit while discussing SWBF2 it's rare that you find it.
It's the Vertacoli
It was the only issue I had with it, otherwise I liked it a lot. It was an emotional roller coaster for me. I didn't love Canto Bight but other than that, I dug it.
I don't know much about FIFA lootboxes as I haven't played a FIFA game in ages. I was glad to see the community unite to fight something worth fighting against. I was also glad to see some results from it. I know that they disabled the buyable lootboxes and changed the cost of some of the heroes in game, but other than that I'm a bit ignorant. I don't like microtransactions, and I'm glad to see them go for now in BF2. Hopefully the negative press along with possible decreased sales (I haven't looked at the figures) due to the bad press/boycotts, EA will take note. I don't have high hopes for that though.
Good god that's brutal. I'm a daddy's boy (which sounds bad I know you pervs). I know when my father passes, it will be the worst thing I go through. I'm glad he had the awareness to let his dad's ghost car win, so he could keep playing. Me and my dad used to play NHL 94 on the Sega Genesis A LOT. I took so much pride in beating him that I don't know that I would have the fore-thought to do as this fellow did. Good on him.
Did they? Because a drunken old man belching, repeating the same name, and trying to shove stuff up a kid's butt is what really took me out of the first episode (at least I think I watched the first episode).
Same and now anytime I watch it I feel dumb, because it's so obvious in hindsight. Still a great flick.
&gt; And I still can't stand George half the time Not to sound condescending but I think that's what they were going for. He's the representation of Larry David. I like George on Seinfeld, but am probably similar to you. Thus I didn't care for Curb Your Enthusiasm. Kramer is great, and also the weird things they poke at (close talker, sidler etc) always get me.
I watched it on Netflix, undubbed, and I still liked it a lot despite not really liking anime at all.
I just finished Breaking Bad for the first time last night. I had started it 2 times previously and usually gave up around halfway through season 3. All my friends and coworkers were like "That's right when it starts to get good!" My argument was if the first half of your show can't keep me watching, then it might just be something I don't jive with. After finishing it, I will say I enjoyed it, but for me personally it's a bit (just a bit) over hyped.
Had no idea what this was, so I copy and pasted your comment into Google. Patriots Day. Good job Google.
But friendship and heart always triumph over actual talent!!!
why is that?
Right because they disabled the "pay for crates" function.
They are Nephew and Uncle correct? It's wrong to begin with, but the relation adds an extra helping of creepy.
to piggyback off of /u/robots914 if I know I can find something on reddit, I just add the word "reddit" to the end of my search entry. Works like 95% of the time.
Ctrl+Shift+T friend. I mean I know it's too little too late, but for the future
That's fair. Don't blame yourself. If something isn't for you, that's not your fault provided you've given it a fair shake. It sounds like you've done so.
sounds kind of like the ren and stimpy after hours adult swim fuck party or whatever that atrocious reboot was.
Love this god damn flick.
gotcha.
I think you and I pronounce that breed of dog differently.
Cheers friend
It was around then. That was an odd episode. Odd in the same was 11’s little journey was weird in stranger things 2
Are you the one that’s been hurting my brother? . . . I’m going to fucking kill you
More happiness/hopefulness tears from me include “Hear that babe? We’re legends. “ “Let em know kid”, “Hey everybody! Johann was right! We won!”
Well let's say he's a dude who is smart with his money, yet still seems to have a fuck ton of disposable income. He's now teaching nuclear stuff to other members of the Navy. I don't know all the proper terms if that wasn't painfully obvious.
I don't know if I've ever been so happy/angry/vindicated with a touch of sadness in my whole life.
"most are unremarkable" is the bit of that which always sticks with me
"Hero Time" fucks me up my dude.
I'm a supreme daddy's boy. so.... fuck you. :)
I was hooked when the words "Roll for zesty-ness" were uttered. Also in this first ep I believe when Merle was in the Conestoga wagon and was, in Clint's words "practicing his cantrips". And Travis says "You can just say masturbating, Dad"
I was loving the Gerblins arc anyways, but when that came I knew this was going to kick into a new gear. I started late and binged as much as a I could. I caught up in maybe two months time around the end of the stolen century. Then the show became more than I ever thought it could.
Are you finished with balance, because you might want to stay out of this thread for spoilers sake my dude.
I'm an only child and it still fucked me up. I hope things with your sister get even better friend.
Well it did happen in Twenty Grift-teen so it was well timed.
This sub helped open my eyes to something. I always thought that Lup being trans felt forced, or just inserted to be inclusive. In simpler terms, my mind was saying "why make her trans if it's not relevant to the story? Why mention it at all?" Then a trans person was explaining why it was great for them, that it wasn't relevant to the story. There didn't need to be a reason for mentioning it. It's just who she was and that's that. Which is all that matters in a situation like that. As a straight white male, I have **EXTREMELY** limited experience with any kind of discrimination. Getting that explained to me in that way was great. Feeling ignorant is never fun, but learning is always great.
You know I don’t embarrass easily. I’ve been wrong before and I’ll be wrong again. I just try to learn from my mistakes. Thanks for the kind words though. Keep on keeping on friend. Sidenote I love this sub
Gotcha just looking out
Then that's perfectly ok
Just... I mean... Bravo!
Yeah I do.
The worst for me is queso in a Mexican joint. Shit is so delicious. But it is impossible to not get it in your beard. Then if you don't notice, and clean it out in a semi-timely manner, it solidifies and is a bastard to clean out.
I give mine matchstick/ shredded carrots. She gets down on them.
I am decent at Aerials. I make contact roughly 95% of the time, however the ball only goes where I want it to about 40% of the time. I miss the days before aerials were the rage. Basically playing the game in 2 dimensions lol
I just finished my first watch thru. The mayhem vote on Jax, tore my fucking heart out. The last 2 seasons really helped solidify Chibbs as my favorite character. Anytime Chibbs cries, I cry.
HA more or less
I started playing when it was free on PS+. I was surviving just fine for at least a month or two (memory is foggy because it was a while ago) without even attempting an aerial because I didn't know it was a thing.
This is great, but I love "Avi, be cool" slightly more.
It's a damn shame :D
I think rustic charm works too. I had just listened to the ep where magnus requests his body back from Edward, so I had to drop the reference.
Just my personal preference here (I get why people love Arms Outstretched) 1. Lup "Are you the one that's been hurting my brother?...." 2. Magnus reuniting with Julia 3. Lup's speech to the world before fighting the hunger 4. Magnus telling Angus to let the crowd know they won. 5. Hurley and Sloane's interaction before becoming statues/trees in the shape of people (sorry can't remember the exact details) Obviously this is subjective and I don't blame anyone that has Arms outstretched in their top moments. I know I'm in the minority here.
I enjoy the suffering game more than most, but it's low in my list of the first 6 arcs (11th hour is my fave followed by, Pttm, Crystal kingdom, Rockport, Suffering and Gerblins are tied at the bottom though I do enjoy both a lot, they're just lacking by comparison). When the thrall tries to take Magnus, it proposes that he can live forever with it. So I imagine it has immortality powers though that may be in the form of being a lich or some other being.
The thing I love about PttM is the visual I get in my head whilst Grif describes the race. I got a huge mad max fury road vibe. It definitely was one of the clearest pictures in my head.
&gt;Magnus not taking the Chalice's offer was totally not earned and just felt like Travis metagaming I'm guessing you mean this was more Travis making a choice as opposed to Magnus making a choice. I kind of agree there. &gt;Taako and Kravitz's relationship is really lackluster I think their relationship really develops in the story and song more than it ever did in previous arcs. &gt;"Angus is a silver dragon" is a stupid theory I don't know enough in game lore to know how much weight it holds, but I just always thought it was something fun for fans to kick around and not much else. &gt;Everything about the Power Bear was super boring The only thing I'll say about this is that it taught Magnus the importance of needing others and not going through battles alone. That's something that just really registered with me on a personal level. Thanks for sharing you opinions though. I may not agree with them myself, but I understand where you're coming from.
good list
I believe they state it when they introduce Lup and give a bit of backstory. No character ever states it, because I imagine that would be hard to arrive at organically. I'm just letting you know a POV I got from another person who was trans. They treated Lup like any other character and I would imagine (as best I could as a straight white dude) that's how trans people would like to be viewed or treated... the same as anyone else. You're entitled to your opinion on it, I'm just giving you a point of view that was given to me that helped me look at it in a different light is all.
It's hard to nail down a top 5. Many of mine are singular lines and not necessarily a series of events, but they still count as moments to me. What's your top 5?
I liked both moments. However the reunion was great for me personally because Travis invested himself so deeply in this character that he made me believe it. That reunion made me weep cliche or not.
One thing that it seemed to do (by accident or not, I'm not sure) was that it seemed to impress a feeling of monotony and it being a slog, on the listener, which also was likely how it felt for THB as they went through it. LOL
I think Clint was trying to convey that he had finally had enough but it didn't really grow to that breaking point all that well.
&gt; (2) a way to create identical siblings of different genders (otherwise impossible), which feels important to the particular connection Taako and Lup share. Never considered this. Interesting.
Like I said friend I’m not great in knowledge of that type of stuff so I could very incorrect
I think you and I are kind of on the same side of this discussion but bringing different arguments to support that.
I feel you. I think the description of the environment made me go mad max
That's how I remember it.
I'm not trying to sound mean here, but did you want Angus to just tell them the answer?
I agree with you. Someone claiming to be helping, holding out info in an urgent situation is kinda fucked up.
&gt;As a trans person, it is hard to bring up in normal conversation I can imagine. The only comparison I would have would be like... "So what are your thoughts on the nation's budget situation, oh by the way I'm male." Which would sound weird to inject into a sentence. Being a cis male (I think I did that right I'm still feel like I'm bad with all these terms but learning) people assume I was born male and identify as such. Even that's not the same though.
At one point Travis or magnus proposes that the game is rigged and the only way to win a rigged game is to change the game/rules or cheat. The thought crosses their mind but they don’t really follow that. I think the only way they do is that taako casts true sight on magnus allowing him to peek behind the curtain. If that doesn’t happen I don’t know that they ever escape Wonderland.
&gt; I also would have liked them to actually USE the artifacts. You know, at some point. Maybe in the final battle? Have each person who made the artifact use it? Could have been fun. Right! Because just before Stolen Century begins, we learn from Angus that the orbs/balls they drop the relics in aren't the same ones that come out of the destructo/Cerebro chamber for destruction purposes. Well then What happened to them?
I think Magnus was good for early eps as an easy intro for people new to fantasy/RPGs. He also had a nice backstory, but yes I agree that I enjoy Taako most then Merle and Magnus I go back and forth on who I like better.
Little Nemo: The Dream Master
That sounds like a great explanation! Thanks. Do they ever say that?
I loved Hurley and Sloane's end. It was oddly beautiful. I've listened through 3 times at this point, so forgive me for the next sentence. Did they ever explicitly state that Hurley and Sloane were involved romantically? If they did I must've missed it. I was always under the impression that they were just besties. Either way I loved the beauty of saving someone you love at the cost of your own life and then being with them forever. Regardless if you're animate or not.
I just recently restarted the show almost immediately after finishing the show (for my first time). I saw lots of similarities between the pilot and the series finale, but I don't recall any foreshadowing of Jax eventually offing himself in the Pilot. Can you tell me what you were speaking to?
It's "Commit crimes I felt necessary for the good of the club and/or vengeance for my wife's death. Realize I'm not a good person and I'm a criminal, and don't want my children following in my footsteps. I know I don't deserve freedom, but if I won't be held to the confines of prison life. Thus suicide"
One a scale of 1-10 with 10 being the dumbest a person can look...you're definitely a 19!
Sure camel toe is a think but i think tight shorts would reveal more on men. Women in tight shorts look more ken doll like down there
Just listening to my brother my brother and me, I think it’s 100%goofs. Also watching their tv show. They love daddy Mac. Just my opinion but yeah they shit on his play a lot but sometimes he deserved it lol.
I thought one of them had a caved in chest too? no? I know some eyes and tongues were reported missing but that's easily chalked up to scavenging animals.
I did an episode on my podcast about this. Not as thorough as other podcasts I've heard on the subject, but I've read multiple sources that included trauma that couldn't have been caused by humans. Maybe this falls into the details added later that you mentioned. Factoring all the weird shit in that you claim to be added or exaggerated (which I'm not saying you're wrong by any means) I assumed government involvement due to lots of information being redacted which I also read about. Not sure if that's true either now. LOL
to top that I was always more of a Kelly Rowland fan.
kaleochondria?
I did not just repeat podcasts and YouTube videos. To me it was implied (maybe incorrectly or misinterpreted by me) that it was a crushing blow or two not a long lasting beat down or repeated blows with a heavy object. I’m not saying you’re wrong I’m just saying it sounds like you might have found reports I did not. Tbh I’d prefer it to be simple hypothermia. Gives it closure and rules out anything potentially nefarious.
Alright, I get it. You're more informed. Just trying to learn stuff I didn't know here, but I guess I'll stop.
I used to work with this guy. He’s super nice. And has a full Viking costume.
It’s not. I’m 99.99999% sure I know this man and his name isn’t John.
You’re correct
[ok I guess not](http://imgur.com/KeYdWep)
how much would 3 softball sized pieces of uranium weigh? Just an ignorant dude who's curious. I imagine the heaviest thing I've ever picked up that was softball sized was likely a softball sized kettlebell
This is correct. just listened last friday.
&gt; Connect the interface to a computer and you can record four mics and edit separately as needed. sorry I'm piggy backing here, but with this comment, do you mean that you can edit out, for example, a cough from one person without affecting the other audio. I just posted a question about mixers and being able to edit each individual person's audio, and this may be the answer I'm looking for.
As many have said, it sampled that and a song called "Werewolves in London" by Warren Zevon (according to Google, this I didn't know). It's a pretty neat song. Listen to it if you haven't and you'll hear the other part in All Summer Long.
&gt; I would neve blame actors for poor dialogue unless their delivery is the issue Even then I'd be more inclined to blame a director for not directing them to deliver it differently. Though I'm not that knowledgeable about cinema production
I stick with keeping an ender chest on me at all times. Pop your valuables in there, silk touch that bad boy and keep on moving.
I got lucky. I aggro'ed Swan and ran like hell into a bus that's in the NW corner (could be wrong) he glitched into something and couldn't move yet could still be damaged. Thank god for the glitch, because I would've been demolished. Was still able to loot the body as well.
That's a good rule. Do you grab them if you just happen to be near them (with no extra difficulty to get to them)? or is this a hard an fast rule? Either way I think you're on to something.
I am so horrible at that game, but I have heard the story is possibly the best ever. I want to experience the story but I suck at the game and can't advance. Same thing with Bioshock. Both of those control setups are just not for me.
I did the same still frustrating. Lol
That makes sense
very true
Silk touch is an enchantment that goes on a tool. You basically receive whatever you mine. So for example if you find diamonds, you can mine that block, and in your inventory you'll find a block called diamond ore instead of the 1-4 diamonds you would receive without silk touch. Same goes for Redstone, Lapis, Emeralds. Also if you mine stone with it, it keeps the block as stone instead of sending cobblestone to your inventory. Saves you the need to cook it to make regular/smooth stone. If you're familiar with what an ender chest is, just know that you need silk touch to break the block and take it back. If you break that block with no silk touch, you deconstruct the chest and you receive some of the materials used to craft it.
I’m so bad at this game. Clickers give me lots of trouble. I keep getting stuck at the part (iirc) where you meet the Hoosier guy that is trying to hook you up with a car. You navigate through a neighborhood with clickers everywhere. I’m bad at stealth and patience games as well. It’s frustrating as hell. Why can I not carry more than one brick or bottle god dammit
It’s been awhile since I’ve played. But I got out of the shopping mall(?) I think it was with the clickers. Then I remember traversing a neighborhood with a bunch of clickers. I beat a big guy in a gymnasium I think it was. I remember trying to help a kind of hillbilly guy get car parts so he could fix the car for Joel. I don’t remember the order of all this stuff but I thought I was stuck in the neighborhood. I also remember being chased by a helicopter through a city. Might be at that part. Lol whichever of those happens the latest I’m at that point. Sorry my memory sucks
I would just like to add a counter point of view. It's your money, you'll do what you want at the end of the day ;). I loved HZD and MHW. MHW is basically all boss battles as /u/woodlark14 said. I would say that it is a bit adjustable in a different way. There are 14 (IIRC) different weapons or should I say styles of weapons. They all play very differently. If you suck with the hammer, maybe try the dual blades. If you suck with the bow, maybe try sword and shield. Where HZD you can adjust your own plan of attack, MHW you adjust your weapon which then forces you to change your attack style. This sounds a bit limiting when I read it back, but it's intriguing to me. There's very few RPG style escort or collect and deliver things types of quests. It's basically kill big boss battle type monster over and over. It's a bit of grinding to repeatedly kill an electric type monster to get the best weapon to fight the ice monster (this is just a specific example). It's got elemental type things like HZD, but I'd say it's more like pokemon. Use water weapons and fire armor against a fire beast. Stuff like that. It's a lot of pattern recognition. It's long brutal fights, and when you do slay the beast, it's so satisfying. I can't say enough about this game. The story is absolutely lacking in MHW compared to HZD but from what I've heard the franchise has never been story intensive or focused. This is my first entry in the series. At times it can be a bit of a grind in a sense of "I have to beat this monster a few times to get the parts to get the gear I need to beat the next monster". That being said, I've never thought it was boring. I never really got frustrated. I just get motivated to do better. I can't wait to beat the story, and then I will continue to play until I have all the armor types and all the weapons. I've never been a completionist, and I fully intend to complete this game in that sense. You could also play this game in a new game+ style sort of. You can go back to complete sets of armor and battle low level beasts to get their pieces, but you can have kick ass armor where you won't get hurt too bad. Or you can start over. I haven't been this into a game in awhile, and while I did like HZD a lot, I did stop at times and come back to it. MHW has been in my PS4 since I bought it. It's also a ton of fun to play with friends, but if you try that, I recommend looking up a youtube video on how to party up as it's a bit convoluted. Best of luck in your game buying decisions. PS I too am bad at video games. I haven't beaten Last of Us or Bioshock because I'm bad. I am doing fairly well (though progressing slower than I'd like) in MHW.
I think you're right but I also /u/soulreaverdan 's point. I've played Monster Hunter World for 110 hours and I've played rocket league over 4K matches in rocket league (roughly 330 hours). I got rocket leauge for free on PSN and paid $60 for MHW. As much as I enjoy rocket league, and occasionally return to it, I think I've gotten a better value personally for MHW. But you're correct too. I'm not putting in hundreds to thousands of hours on a game that doesn't blow my skirt up. that's a given.
All good. I like mhw and talking about it. Enjoy your gaming
This warmed my heart
I have been looking at reaper. The trial is free indefinitely? after the trial period ends does it just pop up asking you to pay or do you have to redownload it?
Wait for what? Apologies, I've never used this software.
Not for me. The reason I take forever is to avoid the roids. I get roids when I push too hard. So sitting there letting it work it's way out at a leisurely pace is for my own benefit. When I sit down there's usually a bomb or two but I know I'm not finished. And since isn't not a human child, I'm not forcing that.
[Here's a comment below that has all the ones I'm aware of](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/8qiikk/what_is_extremely_rare_but_people_think_its_very/e0jizgo/)
I thought that was an awesome touch to use him to play her before the transition. I suppose they could have just had her do it, but I think using her brother was a really cool way to do it.
You're more than likely correct, but this is great for those who actually need them. It's a positive result of people being annoying. I am of course referencing people who aren't gluten intolerant and claim to be. It's one instance where the squeaky wheel getting the grease, turned out to be a good thing.
I work with a dude who is pushing 400lbs and he occasionally rides his Honda (insert crotch rocket model number that is escaping me here) to work. I told him one day that he reminded me of one of those Russian circus bears that rides bicycles.
I usually end up eating whatever will get cold the quickest, first. It's not intentional, I just do it. I guess my brain has trained itself.
I went through this airport twice. Connecting flight from St. Louis to Montreal, and then again from Montreal to St. Louis. With delays I was in Pearson for longer than I was in the air in totality.
As a resident of the St. Louis area, I would say we're like 3rd or 4th IMO. Obviously tastes are subjective. Memphis and KC are better than us and depending on my mood Texas BBQ is my jam. Also I hate BBQ sauces with mustard bases. fuck that shit.
I wouldn’t say I am an aficionado. What I will say is I’m fat and love eating.
Sure we’ll go with that
Truth. KC is my jam with Memphis being a close second
Sorry. I wish I liked mustard. Love the smell just not the taste
Comparing two players that never played in the league at the same time is speculative. You can't have it both ways.
Right there with you friend. I was born in 1985 and didn't watch The Goonies until 2006. I don't understand the hype. People stare daggers through me when I say I don't enjoy it.
It is way more argument inducing if you include retired players.
I think the only North American bear that doesn't beat a gorilla is the Black Bear. They're just too small. Kodiak, Grizzly, and Brown bears would all likely take down a gorilla.
It was a quick google that told me adult black bears are ~250 lbs. silverbacks are 300-450 lbs
Didn't think I'd see a Dion reference today. Cheers!
My junk is what I call the whole thing.
My boss whistles the "doo dun doo doo" from "Here comes the sun" by the Beatles. I doubt I spelled that right, but if you know the song, you know exactly what I'm talking about
I don't do this, but I do make a sound after drinking. It's a noise similar to people chewing with their mouth open (like a single click or smack), but at a much lower volume. My wife and I had been together for 4.5 years before my mother pointed it out to her. She said she hadn't noticed before, and now she says that she hears it all the time. She claims it doesn't annoy her, but I think she's being polite. I hope that people who aren't aware don't hear it.
Well she wasn’t wrong. And I’m fat so.....yeah.
I haven’t seen a lot of bears up close so I assume they’re all fucking huge. I mean they’re bears.
TIL autistic people refer to themselves as autists. Cheers!
Is that not a camera lens on the left side?
Ah Thanks
cool! thanks!
Gotta use a trebuchet. it can launch a 90 kg projectile 300 meters.
I mean sure but theoretically you could throw a rapist at a farmer with a trebuchet.
I suppose beating the End Dragon is the end, since that's when the credits roll, but I don't know how many hours I've sunk into Minecraft.
Right but Joel knows the value of them from using them. Make the room for them!
Start prepping your GM skills. Run a game for them. I'm an only child, but if my mom or dad had run a game for me and my hypothetical sibilings, that would have been the shit.
That's because they finished filming the movie before she died. Considering she has quite a lot of screen time after that scene, I imagine that changing the film to where she would have just died in space, would've been near impossible to change. I don't know jack shit about film making, though. Seems like a tough task. It would've been perfect if she died in space, but I think there were likely plans to have her return for Episode 9
I like all 8 episodes for the most part. What I've learned in the past 6 months or so is that fanboys will always find something to bitch about.
What was your favorite part of TFA?
♪♪ You're an overrate piece of shit ♪♪
Ah the secondmost northern battle of the Civil War
To each their own. I'm not hard to please when it comes to my space wizard movies. I like them all. AOTC is a bit weak, but I like all of them. Haven't had a chance to catch Solo yet though.
Headed for the Frisco Bay. FTFY pal.
Hey Bellevillian here! Don't forget about Cairo, IL which for some fucking reason is pronounced "Kay-Row"
Respectfully disagree. Vader's redemption is the whole point of the entire saga. Ewoks get a bad go of it, but they have home field advantage. That's enough to take down storm troopers. ROTJ is top three in my list which is always floating and changing.
Hey at least Memphis is pronounced correctly.
I enjoy it but like I said to each their own Also Endor is the site of the superior “I love you” “I know”
That’s fine. I don’t get worked up when people disagree with me. Different strokes
"they're my whole world" or "They're my everything" Don't forget these two lines. I'm sure good parents feel this way or even say these things, but I see it from every single shitty parent I know. I try not to judge because I'm not a parent, but if I know your kid has no behavior/mental issues, and he/she is acting like a shit, that's on you.
Same. Especially Ope and Chibby
I’m guessing autocorrect from chibbs. And I 10000% agreed Edit: I am dumb
Oh lol my mistake. Haven’t checked that out. Cheers friend
I will second this, and want to call the attention of /u/buckfasthero to it. My experience with the Grand Canyon was unforgettable. Probably the most awe-inspiring thing I've ever seen. If you can sit and stare at something static for hours then you'll be in heaven. It's really crazy how huge it is and that it was formed by moving water. That being said, I wish I had hiked up and down it. I was with my parents who were not into any of that. So my experience was "Holy fuck this is the coolest thing I've ever seen" (20 minutes later) "Alright, I've seen this and taken it in. I am ready to go back to Vegas now" It was really odd how something can go from one of, if not the most awesome thing I've ever seen, to a tad boring in such a short time. I recommend going and hiking it. If you're not into hiking, maybe a flyover tour to accompany seeing it from the rim. I don't know if that's an option, but I would assume it is. Definitely go, but that was my experience.
Obviously these types of things don't affect show quality, but the association of weird/bad fans will keep new people away. I try to be unbiased in most things in life, and I'll admit I've not watched the show. It's in part because of the association my brain made with crazy ass fans. I'm sure I'd like the show just fine if I gave it a shot.
&gt; Just the fact that they have little traction and you are working around sawdust. Did you mention sawdust, just because it makes the floors more "slippery"? I wear steel toe, non slips for work, but not around sawdust.
I'm sure I would enjoy the show (based on the tastes of the fans I know personally). I think what a better thing to say would be that maybe the vocal minority has maybe pushed the show farther down my priority list. I have so many shows that I haven't watched that I'd like to. I could care less whether or not I'd become associated with "those fans". I wasn't entirely honest. I have seen the first episode. I think it was the first one. R&amp;M are trying to smuggle some sort of produce through their butts back home or something? It was ok. Made me laugh at times, but didn't blow me away. Obviously this isn't enough to form a valid opinion of a show, but I also didn't immediately feel a need to watch more episodes. I'm aware I shouldn't let anyone else affect my opinions of things. I'm a star wars fan who enjoys episodes 7 and 8.
And that makes a lot of sense. I was with my parents who aren't invalids, but they're not the hiking type, plus the spot we were in (which I do not remember), didn't offer a ton of different views. The view I got was breathtaking. The environment and situation just didn't lend for a great opportunity for me to sit and chill for a couple hours to just be in the presence of its majesty.
I don't know how much I expected them to cost, but it was less than that. I imagine if you buy 10s of thousands of them, like a grocery store chain probably would, they'd be a bit cheaper.
&gt;Really? I thought they'd be more than that! About a hundred bucks seems really cheap to me! I suppose that's fairly cheap for roughly [70 lbs of steel](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+much+does+a+shopping+cart+weigh&amp;rlz=1C1GCEU_enUS821US821&amp;oq=how+much+does+a+shopping+cart+weigh&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.4919j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) Sometimes I don't always think things through. lol
Same but if you're old enough to remember Undertaker debuting, I'd be willing to bet you remember Papa Shango. He scared me much more after his feud with Warrior where his face and scalp would bleed.
I see ya. Just make sure she's telling her parents the same about you "not buying her soda, candy, or sweets" Kids will rat you out without it even being malicious.
The smell of masonite. It's the really thick compressed wood stuff that almost will flake away as if it was cardboard. It's what they make puzzles for really young children out of. It always makes me think of those puzzles. I actually really like the smell too.
Not OP but I understand both of your points. I was super into LostProphets. The whole thing is 1000% fucked up. But I (and I'm guessing /u/Cr4shman) am able to separate the art from the artist. Much like watching Chris Benoit. If you're not familiar, he was one of the greatest pro wrestlers of the late 90s-00s. Due to issues from numerous concussions and likely some sort of drugs (possibly steroids and pain killers), he killed his wife, his son, and then himself. What he did was monstrous, but I can still watch and appreciate his talent in the wrestling ring.
I really hope that's an innocent platonic relationship, but I too am wary.
If you don't like ghost writers, don't start digging through big name acts. You'll be disappointed.
The one I think to a lot, and the fandom seems to be sort of split, is Chris Benoit. Successful and accomplished pro wrestler who murdered his wife and son and then killed himself. About half (in my experience) of the wrestling community can watch him and half can't.
I mean they are different but Benoit is a child murderer. I don’t know what came of Watkins victims but there’s no coming back from death. Both are really horrible things. Debating which is worse is just depressing
For sure it didn’t seem to be an ongoing pattern of behavior like Watkins. Just another example I personally encounter of separating artist from art
This movie has an amazing amount of hear t and innocence. Plus Bob Newhart and Mary Steenburgen!!
Even in Jerry Maguire, it takes a long time for him to transform from rich cocky sports agent to weepy man in love.
I also heard he doesn't play any shit.
I too have a certain distaste for him, but I loved him in This Is The End
Home Alone 2? With Donald Trump?
Sergio Valente
Where’d you get the finest oak east of the Mississippi?
I’d guess more hipster douche or shy beyond belief. But I don’t know him. It was hilarious
The “backing” of the design would be better. Not great but better. Green background with white flowers.
beep boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop BOOOOOOP
I have no idea what it’s specifically from but I agree. Got like a fallout 50s era kinda feel to it
I have to agree. It's no worse than stepping on anything else of a similar shape/texture/density
I didn't get into the office until a few years ago. Was it cancelled? it seemed to wrap up pretty nicely. I think of it in the same vein as a show like Friends, where the ending happened and was planned and worked.
I suppose I guess I'm looking at it too much like fired vs retirement
Under a pool table. I was sober. It was nice though.
I have two of them and they've never done that fortunately. They piss while hanging or perched but never while gliding. Birds also piss and shit mid aid, but I've never heard them classified as a weird pet. Unless you have like dozens of them. I'm being a bit defensive here I realize. Sugar gliders themselves do not smell at all. If you don't keep up on cage cleaning, yeah that's gonna get ripe real quick.
funny enough my wife and I make about 90K (not crazy rich but we're comfortable and live within our means) combined living in the suburbs of St. Louis, MO. We've had 2 sugar gliders and a hedgehog. Though I don't know if those qualify as "exotic" any longer.
That’s probably fair. I meant wild birds. Domestic birds likely have no reason to shit midair
I do not but to each their own. I consider it elevated lol
No good/happy marriage ends in divorce. Despite his scandals, I first heard this from Louis C.K. and it's true.
I GOT THIRTEEN STEAKS OVER HERE!
There's always surface lava visible, but I know what you're saying. If surface is level 55-70 ish, it seems I rarely find lava in the process of making my way down to a strip mine, or while delving down into caves I find on the surface. But yeah lava *can* occur at any level.
I know many have provided help. I just wanted to say on PS4 I built the small iron farm using like 10ish villagers. After afk-ing over night, for a few nights, I had 8 double chests full of ingots. Really helped with the 300+ hoppers I needed.
"Why wouldn't you say that to her face?"
I may be out of touch with the latest political correctness, but I don't think you have anything to worry about. As long as you're not like "I only like black chicks because I want to feel like a slave owner", I think you're good. You can't help what you're attracted to. Though if you're worried about offending people I'm not the best person to take advice from. My life motto is "Try not to be a dick". Which doesn't always prevent offenses.
Sounds like the people criticizing it are looking for something to be angry about. Not to compare people to objects, but I prefer black and white vehicles to other colors of vehicles. &gt;I used to find black people unattractive without realizing it's because I was raised to be racist This is good that you've realized it. This however is also not your fault. Conditioning is hard to reverse. Before the internet was widely available (and blind communication was possible without seeing what a person looked like), many relationships began based on physical attraction. Sure you could have a friend that you maybe weren't attracted to, and over time develop feelings that override that lack of attraction. That's great. It just seems that these days, it's not okay to say you're not attracted to someone. It doesn't mean you hate them or think they're a bad person, but they just don't do it for you. I'm sure many people don't find me attractive and that is ok with me. I'm rambling at this point, but I think I've conveyed what I'm getting at.
The person just said they had a preference not that they disliked others. They never said they held any ill will towards others. I know you don't know me and I don't know you, but I'm ok if you believe I'm a racist for not thinking this is a big deal. I'm just not going to assume OP is a racist because they have a preference. He/she (as I never asked OP's gender) has an attraction and cannot help them. I'm not here to judge. OP also said they realize that people will judge them if they announce this in public. OP seems like a thoughtful person and based on the knowledge I have of them, I'm choosing to believe they are a good person. &gt;It IS a big deal, because not dating someone I know I truncated your statement, but this is the part that I'm hung up on. It's not about the person they're choosing to NOT date, but the people they ARE choosing to date. You're never going to get to know everyone you interact with to a good extent. OP also never said that other races were off limits. And again, people can't help who they're attracted to. I don't judge anyone for their likes as long as everything is consensual. I don't think others should either. I rambled a bit and I apologize. Cheers to you
I didn't feel like you were attacking me. All good there. I apologize if I came off aggressive as well. I think this would all be different if the original statement was "I won't date black girls". That to me is ***WAAAYYYYY*** more racist than the sentiment of "I am very attracted to black girls". Maybe I'm looking at different sides of the same coin. I dunno. The older I get the more I feel like my parents wondering why people get offended so easily (again in general not targeting you). I try to keep up with being non-offensive and "try not to be a dick" but it gets hard. Thanks for being awesome!
Hey thanks. I do the same thing when I see good back and forth on Reddit. +1 to you friend.
I suppose that’s fair. I am just focusing more on the fact that no one is being mistreated or treated negatively. Nowadays it’s more of a win than a loss.
I first saw Princess Bride in my 30s and thought it was meh. I saw Spinal Tap in my late 20s. It held up way better for me than Princess Bride.
You know that's bad for the paper tray
Old Yeller, struck by a bus, and Lil Sebastian died
I get choked up a lot thanks to /u/SchnoodleDoodleDo . they write poems from the perspective of pets. I love animals. They're the best. Full on cried? probably earlier this year. I am an idiot and I was putting off paying debt. I was hiding it from my wife thinking I could fix the problem, but I was doing nothing to fix it. Finally I had to come clean. I was truly terrified she would leave me. She was not happy but while I was sobbing, she was confused as to why so many tears. I told her I was afraid she'd leave me for such a big secret. She called me silly. Told me she loved me. Told me she wasn't happy, but we'd get through it together. The debt is on a payment schedule. Things are on a good track now. She's the best person I know and I 10000% do not deserve her IMO. BRB gotta text her and tell her I appreciate her.
people who like survival and Elytras?
I do not think I have depression, but I would like to switch for a day just to see if I do. I consider myself to be a pretty happy person, and I think I'm more non-ambitious or lazy. I'm not really passionate about anything except maybe my family friends and pets. I have some hobbies, but they can be fleeting. I can have my day or two in a row where I'm down, but it never lasts longer than that. I tell myself I do not have depression because from what I read, I feel like I'm much better off than others from their stories. I don't mean to imply that I am better than depressed people, I just don't want to come off as whiny when people with depression suffer from a terrible condition. Whereas I maybe just need to suck it up, get some discipline and get off my ass at times. Good luck in your journey.
Yeah but then OP would only have 1 and would look like Jewel.
&gt;No DLC or side quest But if you're on a really cool server or with friends, you can make quests for each other to do. Treasure hunts, puzzles, etc. It's fun to make things for friends.
Am only 33 (which i know is older for Reddit) and don't consider myself old. But yes I agree this is where I know her from.
He’s out of grit. That’s why he looks so defeated
Hopefully he doesn’t have ferocity.
I don’t know if it’s too soon for you but tell us his name. Also what was the funniest thing he’d regularly do. I only ask because when my little girl passed, talking about all the goofy shit she would do was very cathartic. I wish you the best friend.
Sounds like mine. That upper lip/jowl would get kind of tucked underneath an upper canine tooth? That’s good stuff. Well Gunner was a handsome gentleman. Gonna be swimming in attention until his best friend joins him way down the road. Cheers friend I wish you the best
I'd also add Michael and Holly to that list. I have other couples on tv I prefer but I'll keep it in office.
The fact that the user you replied to didn't catch that, is disturbing.
I know nothing about vehicle repair or anything but does this not flood the engine? Does fuel injection stop once the ignition is turned off? Forgive my ignorance.
Got it. Thanks. Good to know.
It's all about the DM. You want a DM who lets you do crazy shit like this at times, but also too much wild shit and rules manipulation(home-brew) can lead to a game that isn't fun because it's either too hard or too easy.
The most underutilized thing in any of my games. I feel like the DM/GM should never ever call for a perception check. They should only be rolled when/if the players ask if they can make one.
better than winning bushiest beaver
/u/arkstfan 's wife's coworker started the fire!!!
It might not be though. I'm not a trans person so I'm not a credible authority on the situation. That episode aired in 2006. Think about how far acceptance of homosexual people has come in that time. I don't know how it resonated with the gay community, but I can't imagine it went terribly. I imagine/hope to Obi Wan in 13 years things are much better for the trans community.
I don’t think it’s supposed to be East St. Louis, but directly to the left of St Louis, IL there’s a small cut off something. Maybe it’s supposed to be “E. St.Louis”? I’m probably giving the creator too much credit
Do you ever use dndbeyond? If you build your character on there, you can export the character sheet and print it out. Feats and stuff will be printed out on them on the second page. Unless you’re using stuff outside the PHB you can do it all for free I believe (could be wrong)
Totally understandable maybe some note cards?
I'm playing a campaign (going on about 48 hours of play over 16 sessions) with a new dm. Homebrewing too much is causing him some problems. I love homebrew stuff, but caution is advised.
I’m from IL but 20 minutes from the city. If I’m just out and about I don’t think our city is any more attractive than other cities I’ve been to. However go to a cardinals game. Smoke city.
But probably causes impotence
Since no one else asked.... hurricane parties?
Used to use one of these. Often you’d have to run them through two cycles to get them clean.
Used to use one of these. It shocked the fuck out of me a couple times.
Be nice they have the highest hit die in the game yo!
Mustard. I love the smell, hate the taste. I PUT KETCHUP ON MY HOD DOGS MOTHER FUCKERS, COME AT ME!!!
Right? even an all beef kosher, top notch fucking hot dog, is pulverized meat scraps stuffed in a tube. I like them well enough, but it's not that big of a deal. Same with steak temps. If you like your steak well done, that's fine. Just don't cook mine that way you poor soul.
I'm 34 and have tried every type of mustard I've come across. They all smell fantastic, but honey mustard is as close as I'm coming without hating it.
don't eat sausages? nah bro. You try and take my ketchup topped bratwurst out of my hand and see what happens?
&gt; buttermilk and mayo *drooling intensifies* I kid...sorta... I like ranch dressing but "too much ranch" is a thing.
I wouldn't do it myself, but people also load up baked potatoes and potato skins with sour cream. You do you.
Anything food related that gets this kind of love isn't great imo. I remember a couple years ago when there was "birthday cake" flavored everything. I like bacon. Sriracha is ok, I suppose, and birthday cakes are good, but I don't need birthday cake flavored vodka.
I don’t have an issue with the smell. It’s only taste. And if it’s in something I notice it. It’s a strong soap like flavor. It’s not disgusting, I’d just prefer anything you’d normally include cilantro in, to just remove it. I also don’t know if I’ve ever had coriander/cilantro seeds so I’m not sure how those taste to me
Any limit on number of uses per day?
I didn’t think so hence the gambler adjective. I love it.
Who was hat guy? Black panther? The only thing I got is the arms over the chest wakanda forever thingy.
This clip cuts off before Elizabeth Banks corrects him by telling him Venti refers to the number of ounces in the cup being 20.
If you like fists and tits and all that pimp shit...
&gt;Obama looks like freaking Jesus H Christ meets Lil' Sebastian Son, that horse had an honorary degree from Notre Dame. I bet you had your flag at half mast when he passed away. HALF MAST IS TOO HIGH!
It's at -69 at the time i'm typing this out, and I'm not sure if I want to down vote it because I hate it, or leave it because.... nice
I’m not op but my dad is pretty great too lol.
Also the pepto bismol turning my shit black the next morning and scaring me because I forgot I drank the PB the night before, also disagrees.
To combat /r/HydroHomies obviously
Ok dumb question but what’s CTA?
Thank you so much. I’m not an artist. I thought this was some weird way to abbreviate giant slayer lol.
I’d recommend not washing daily. Maybe 2-3 times a week max. I know everything will vary from person to person. I used to wash daily and it gave my beard a dry stringy feel. Now I oil every morning before work. Sometimes when I get home in the evening if my skin feels itchy. Also a balm after the oil sets in will help tame. I’ve been watch Dan C Bearded on YouTube. I’m new to the sub so I don’t know about his credibility but following his advice has helped my beard soften and tame. Good luck and Let’s go Birds.
Hail Yourself!
Nah my friend. It’s punk ass book jockeys. Hope that makes more sense
It's a joke related to video games like minecraft. Millions of possibilities. You can have ice biomes right next to desert biomes. Or anything next to anything really. Usually IRL you'd find some sort of transition between a hot sandy desert to a frozen tundra. Not necessarily true in a procedurally generated world like Minecraft.
I’ve got like 5 buddies who have it. Like once every 6 months we’re all available and get a few rounds in. I still like dbd better. Once you’re discovered in F13 you’re all but dead. There’s no escaping the sense ability.
I will say my experience is fairly limited. I only play with my friends. So sure.
Ok
Pretty sure they were talking about the indoor plumbing part. PIPE THE SHIT AWAY FROM YOUR HOUSE.
My wife was watching Mom. So Anna Faris or Allison Janney? Yeah I'm down.
They are mean to GJLT (Gary/Jerry/Larry/Terry), and it's undeserved. However at the end of the day he is the ultimate winner. Who outside of work has it better than he? No one. Regardless of his puzzlingly hot wife. He's just so god damn happy at home, and is some kind of god while there. He's doing just fine.
I don't think you're talking about Parks.
I think the finale was great. It wrecks me everytime. The first season isn't representative of the show, but there's still some good stuff in there.
You gotta end it on the rhyme man.
I'm quite ok with anyone having Ron as their favorite character, because I do love him. However, when I hear that someone's favorite character is Ron Swanson, I always wonder in my head if they've watched the entire show. Don't get me wrong. Love the guy. But it's like saying your favorite wrestler is John Cena or Hulk Hogan. Both reached the peak of the business, but there's just better people out there to consider as your favorite. If you have watched the entire series, and Ron is still your fave then cheers to you. That's all that matters.
I want that marg.
it's Jerry Filter. This line was so familiar but I couldn't place it. lol great line nonetheless
You better start working on your Biden impression. Then she be all like *sploosh*
Ben never saw the dong on that magnificent creature though.
I'd tie an onion to your belt, and go with it.
What about Thrillho?
Welcome to the party pal.
Gimme Winnie the Bish any day of the week. We bout to do some puzzlin'
There's such a thing as too much butt talk and a fella ought to be fuckin' aware of it.
Tanis&gt;Bonnie&gt;Mrs. Mac&gt; Katie fight me.
Was that call made before or after the end of season 7?
I to the fuckin love Gailer
How many planets are there? give or take 9 depending on where you fall on Pluto It'll be 8 after I destroy Uranus **Also** Call me cake cowboy, cuz I'll go straight to your ass.
When a friend asks for help you help em.
good and you..... wait shit.
Tick Tock! binge the whole mother fucker.
Marie Fred used to be my #3
Well played
What part? You can in fact pay a credit card with another credit card. The problem comes with the interest. This is the thing OP messed up as a child.
I used to think when I played against the computer on an NES game (in a sports game for example) that there was a tiny guy in there playing against me. I always pictured him as Mario as well.
Lol didn't know this was a sub. Thanks!
Well sure but the person I was replying to didn't seem to realize OP was ping ponging the debt between credit cards while still using them for purchases.
for sure. I got sued for downloading music in 2004 (RIAA and limewire days). Settled for 4K as a broke ass college student, my mom found me a 0% interest credit card and I paid it off like $50 a month. We did this for a few years until I could pay more per month and finally paid it off. It sucked but I have decent credit these days due to all these timely credit card payments.
For sure. I’m not great at video games.
God 90s R&amp;B was so good. along with the ones you mentioned, some that others have mentioned: No Diggity, Pony, and almost anything Mariah for me personally. I know that there's some Pop crossover here and not all specifically R&amp;B
I was almost certain you were referring to Glycerine by Bush, but then I thought to myself "you know Gavin Rosdale is almost certainly not the only person to do that"
I believe co-written by Pharrell Williams. Found this out at the height of N.E.R.D.'s popularity. Then I realized Pharrell is older than I thought he was.
She wanna answer the phone, tattoo her arm. And that's when I gotta send her back to her mom.
Ah yes the Anthem of Boners.
You're not wrong
Sho nuff
Mines Joe Manganiello. his size is intimidating, but we could play d&amp;d all day long
before she had her breakdown. Killing it. Pre-teen/teenage me was in love.
I have. I enjoy it. Not sure if I like it more than the original but it's definitely great.
I apologize for reopening the wound. It’s how you know you had a friend. I’m sure there will be other dog(s) but none like him. That’s not good or bad just different. At some point you’ll smile and laugh when you think of him instead of crying. Cheers friend. I am in the process of getting a new 2 year old female from a local GSD rescue. I’m excited to hopefully get her and start working with a new friend. When that time comes for you I hope you’re equally excited. Any helpful tips you’d like to pass on feel free. I’ve had one GSD but she was 5 when I came into her life (my wife’s dog before I met her). So working with a new one is exciting but intimidating just because I want to do a good job
Sounds pretty similar to how I’ve handled dogs in the past. I appreciate it. I wish you the best.
That too. Not even sure if he has mumps
At the time of my comment he is the #20 most upvoted answer. Thats a fucking travesty
And he's having a hard time holding these alligators down!
Chris Jericho has a cruise line? What happens here? Who's all there?
Maybe the Scientologists think her dying would bring too much attention to them. You know someone in that organization would be Suspect #1. They probably have some patsy ready to take the fall on the off chance she does die.
/r/ExpectedMulaney
Episode I revealed the super speed which is then never used again in the films to my recollection. Other than that, I don't think there's anything new.
Hey-YOOOO!
Respectfully disagree but Ferguson is my number 2
TBF Kanye just uses "I Got a Woman" so it's still technically Ray Charles.
I know people live there as they have people who work there, but thinking about people living in LV seems foreign. Did you grow up there? If not has the luster worn off?
Bust significant increases in his dust levels.
I think this one is one of the more low key interesting ones. Obviously the big dogs like Hydrogen, Carbon, Oxygen, Nitrogen, have bigger over all consequences, but just to fuck with the phones and watch what happens. Hell do it at a high school lunch period. Suck all the juice out of the phones in a cafeteria and watch the chaos ensue.
I don’t mean to be Debbie downer and I promise my comment is with the best of intent so bear with me. I had a 15 year old male chocolate. He had terrible atrophy and needed to be helped up most of the time. We were at the vet roughly every 4-6 months and our vet said “he’s not ready to go. He will tell you”. So we kept loving him and enjoying our time together. We’d pick up his hind quarters and he’d get himself up and walking. Then one day we found him laying in a puddle of his own urine. I tried to pick him up like usual and he was having none of it. So I slid him on to a blanket and slid him out of his mess. He didn’t move the whole night. We had to put him down. It was horrible but the vet was right. He let us know. I pray you don’t have to make that call because regardless if you know it’s the right time, I still struggled to not hate myself. Your baby is gorgeous. Enjoy every second. I wish you all the best my friend.
When I worked at a grocery store, we had a 12 items or less IIRC. Regardless of what the exact number was, I'd give people some leeway. You got one or two over, it's cool I'm good at my job and fast and it's not a big deal. You hit my line with like 5 extra items, you better hope you don't have any bananas mother fucker. I'd squeeze the fuck out of those things. Every single one. The best part is that there's no evidence until you get home. Maybe the next day. Your bananas aint shit. Deal with that asshole.
But not with a fork or knife! /u/Iceehawk I'm sure you knew this and didn't mean one should stab their meats, but just clarifying for the rookies out there.
That’s a little less low key but sure why not. Lol
You’re lost. Soon you’ll be found. Rescued you from the pooooouuund-ah!
Wheaton?
I had one as a kid but thought he was a bearded collie schnauzer mix. This was before I knew what a Wheaton was. Then I learned of the breed and there was no mistaking it. He was a good dog. Got him as a six pound pup from the shelter. Loved how chill he was. We walked him out of the shelter and he laid down on the sidewalk. Must’ve been exhausted XD. He slept the whole ride home too. So weird for a puppy but it was a great day and a great 14 years.
&gt;We fart When two words gives me enough information to get it, it's not a long story.
Helicockter
Yurr gay. And thats fine. And we both like tight t shirts. and we can have a beer. And that's fine. Just as long as you know. I ain't one of youse.
my buddies and I were podcasting. We record 3 eps in one night to build a back log because we can't get together often enough. Anyways we're between eps and having a smoke break outside. This older black dude walks up and approaches us three ordinary looking chubby white dudes. He starts telling us about how his chick kicked him out, and he don't know why. He was giving her that good dick, and beating her pussy up. He basically had like 4 sentences he repeated over and over. "I don't know why she kicked me out, I paid for everything" "That sucks dude" "Right?! I was dickin her down good, beating that pussy up" "Wild stuff my man" "I just don't get this bitch" It went on like this for 30 minutes. Lather, Rinse, Repeat. It ended with him trying to get walking directions to a place that was an hours walk away in 30 degree (Fahrenheit) weather. We told him how to get there and parted ways. We called him Thomas but have no idea what his actual name was. I miss him
If you like yours better, roll with it friend. You do you. I myself just like options. I didn't invent it but feel free to steal it. I did. Cheers!
That's fair. My apologies
So at the current cold price it's worth just under 1.5 mil? I mean more would be great, but I'd be ok if I only got one out. Also a basic bitch google search says they weigh roughly 27 lbs per bar. Either way, it's all gravy.
Fuck yeah. I mean if I can walk out with gold, I'm going with a Federal Reserve, but for pure entertainment and awesomeness, I'm with you. Sauna with Joe, do a podcast but I'm not that interesting. Check out the sensory deprivation tank, play the virtual bow hunting game. It'd be a fuckin blast. this is also assuming Joe finds me at least interesting enough to tolerate. It'd be cool to just go see regardless.
I assume you mean "where in a location to go" like yeah some say the Whitehouse or the Vatican archives and shit. But I presume you mean, what rooms in those places to explore. And to that I say, just keep walking til you find what you want.
Argie Bunker. That dude was hilarious, but also a racist.
Playing 4D chess here
My female gunslinger dnd character. Female cowboy, duster, dark hair, looks like Carla Gugino, so a little aged but still pretty.
Shelter said he’s roughly a year ish. 68 pounds and his paws are still huge on him. So we shall see
I'm pretty emotionally free around my wife and friends. I find myself repressing things mostly at work, as to not start arguments and I don't defend myself the way I should. It's pretty frustrating, but once I leave work, the frustration stays there as well. So for the most part I'm alright, because I can go home, watch a video from The Dodo about some starving mistreated dog that recovers and cry my ass off judgement free.
I'd be ok with that. Loved my old GSD. Plus I imagine it should keep him on the smaller side. Either way is fine by me. After one day of having him, he's the best dog I've ever had. I'm hoping he just keeps getting better.
Did you watch A Quiet Place? I loved how so much of it took place in brightly lit areas. Really helped you key in on sound.
To each their own. If you don’t like FMJ that’s cool. What I hate is when people say the second half sucks. It’s inferior but by no means does it suck.
I recently learned this. Thanks The Movies That Made Us
5’6” checking in. Way to represent the shorties
I have no idea how this is happening but I’m witnessing progress. People say 3x3 are easy once you learn how but I’m still mesmerized
My friends often make me realize my shit isn't all that bad. Like I'll be wondering if I have a mental health issue, because I have no highs or no lows. I experience emotion, but nothing makes me sad/ecstatic and keeps me that way for long. Maybe a day at best. My friend just got out of the Navy around a year ago, and even though we texted daily and saw him when he came home from leave, evidently he thought of us not as real people but almost as a robot chat program he was texting. Like he was so lonely in the Navy that convinced himself loneliness was all there was. Then when he did come home and could hang out whenever we fucking wanted, he became a hermit. He did the opposite of fixing the problem. He tells me he's doing better now. I told him I can't lose another to suicide (have lost 2 cousins to it) and he knows how bad that would crush his family and myself. I believe him when he says he's not there. I hear shit like that and I'm like "my shit only matters to me, and I'll handle it, things could be worse and you have it pretty good" And I am A-OK with that.
IDK you're not wrong. But it doesn't have to be that way either. I took my players to a town from an old game that 75% of us were a part of (I DM and have 3 players, 2 of which were in that game) . There was a festival celebrating the anniversary of the PCs from that previous campaign and the victory achieved. I enjoy callbacks. Anyways, there was a carnival with drinking, eating, gambling, etc. All the proceeds went to a school of magic that our sorcerer ended up founding (I know he should've been a wizard but... shit happens it wasn't my guy lol). I think the player that wasn't involved in the previous game may have had the most fun. He found a love interest. When I needed them to leave, I had a purple worm burst through the ground and kill a pet wolf of the PCs newly found love. They got to have fun, I had a blast, and I got to dig in a new hook to keep/improve on that players investment. &amp;#x200B; Sorry for that long winded explanation, but if your group prefers RP or at least a 50/50 split of rp/combat, there's no reason they can't go somewhere fun, unless you have a time crunch on your campaign.
Or arguably the greatest welterweight in ufc history
This is why I love my 3 player party. Any rule changes are voted on by them and I have zero input as dm. We changed our crit rule to be max damage+ rolling the damage (ex. A hit that deals 1d8+3 damage on a critical deals 8+1d8+3). They voted it in without my input and my monsters get the same advantage. This is nice for them but I have a grave domain cleric in my party so it might be the only reason it works
I really like rogues. What I don't like is when sneaking, stealthing, checking everything for traps bogs down the game. Now this could be aided by a good dm, saying things like "you rolled a 25 on your stealth and a 23 on perception, you know you're good until that next corner 100 ft away. I am more than willing to concede that I may hate that style of play more than I hate the rogue doing it. That's probably whats happening. Now let me roll all this fuckin sneak attack damage
The big one for me was fighter. I love fighters and wizards, but a fighter can be almost anything you want it to be (except obviously being a fully dedicated caster). You wanna be a pirate? fighter can work. You wanna be an archer? fuck yeah we got that too. You wanna clang and bang? yuuuup over here. You want a billion ASI or feat options? guess what... I think i have something in the back
&gt;I don't love how strong Expertise is in a bounded accuracy system. It feels like without Stealth expertise - one of the skills I see rogues always pick (for good reason) - Rogues would feel much worse, but expertise on other skills can suddenly make the rogue better at something than a different party specialist should be good at. I get what you're saying for sure. I guess I just think about it like many around here view Sneak attack dmg. Let them have it. They're supposed to be good at it, so let it go. &amp;#x200B; Also when it comes down to it, the rogue may be able to sneak past anything, but that's going to do one of two things. One, split the party when the rogue is the only one sneaky enough to make it. Or two, make that noisy heavy armor wearer, attempt a stealth check of his or her own.
I definitely think it is. I’m in a dungeon crawl we play when one of our main players skips. Our rogue checks everything for traps, stealths everywhere, and my dm complies. Sure we get a lot of surprises but sometimes even I as the squishy wizard wants one of our front line players to kick a door down occasionally just for fun.
does this plug and play into roll20?
I'm at work, but do you have a video or something of how to use this in conjunction with roll20? I'm about to wrap up my campaign, but would love to DJ for the guys taking their turns DMing.
Right on. I messed with it in mobile. I see there’s like a broadcast thing. Seems like a trimmed down simpler syrinscape. Thanks a bunch!
I'm going to offer a third no vote to this, but provide another example of why it could play our poorly. I play remotely weekly and we all like rolling our own physical dice so an honor system is in play. In our groups first campaign, my friend played a "blind" warlock. he acted blind, had the milky eyes (don't recall how that happened). We the players knew he wasn't blind and it turned into a fun cat and mouse game of our characters trying to catch him in the act. However, none of us had the stats he had to combat his deception rolls. All I wanted as a player was for this warlock to share the secret with his traveling companions and then we could "use it for the groups benefit" as my friend said the warlock could do. Our DM was not terribly experienced(so not blaming him), but we rolled dice, player vs. player. It became frustrating and the warlock eventually gave in to keep the peace after the rest of us were annoyed with it. In hindsight my DM and I agreed that depending on what the warlock did to display he wasn't blind, would determine a DC (based on how minor or major the act displaying capable sight was) on insight or perception checks. We never used it for subterfuge or anything like the warlock said we could end up doing. It ended up causing unnecessary tension. &amp;#x200B; I recommend never having players roll dice against each other unless it's for fun, or perhaps they're doing a training sparring session for story purposes. It's going to lead to annoyance. &amp;#x200B; I wish you the best of luck with whatever path you choose.
It’s not great and they may draw a little blood. I’d equate it to a tattoo guns filling or shader needles. But mine bit and released quickly.
Live from Pawnee, IN
I like this. I’m not particularly religious and I like your name but if you want to change the name could also be David’s sling, Goliath slayer, though that one has other dnd implications. Cool item
I've never really had trouble sleeping, but I still enjoy the weighted blanket. I know you asked for an amazon link, but [here's the one](https://www.target.com/p/12lbs-weighted-blanket-tranquility/-/A-53693401?preselect=53691535#lnk=sametab) I bought from target. I like it because one side is a little slicker (similar to silk) and stays cooler imo, and the other side is a bit fluffy or plushy, and keeps me warmer
Honestly you can use a milk crate or anything that will raise your feet roughly 8-14 inches off the ground. We bought a squatty potty specifically, because it's shaped to slide back when not in use so it hugs the pedestal of the toilet and under the bowl.
back in 2004 when i was 19 and the RIAA sued me for downloading music illegally
I agree with you. Bens funeral was rough but seeing Cox (virtually a medical Superman) turn into a quivering lump of sad was fucking heartbreaking. Seeing strong male figures reduced to their base isn’t something I handle well. I think it’s cuz my dad cries maybe once a decade so seeing him cry makes me cry. Might be what’s going on here
I have used mayo and butter. Just one mans opinion that buttering bread and maybe a thin layer of butter in the pan is better. Almost like a shallow fry. Mayo is good I just prefer butter.
My campaign wraps up tomorrow. My players have all told me they’re excited and sad. Feels good man. Congrats!
Belleville resident reporting in. St. Louis has earned a bad rep with it's murder numbers, but it's no different than any other big city. Some places are more dangerous, and some places are perfectly fine.
I understand this for sure. Fortunately my next dm I gave them a paragraph skeleton and in an hour we worked up a full backstory ready to plug right in. I hope that dm that shot you down ended up making a fun game. I don’t like hearing “no here’s why....”. I love hearing “ok but can we tweak this?” Fuck yes we can work together to make something cool
I think exceptions can always be made if you want to be creative enough. Like Orcs and dwarves don’t get along but maybe thru roleplay you can get there. Now if you wanted to make a half Dragonborn and half gnome and we’re insistent that the mother was the gnome, that could be a little tricky just for reasons I don’t really want to explore. But I think you get my point.
I just went through this a couple of weeks ago. Dm had a linear campaign which I’m ok with but railroading happened. At that point I gotta say something. It devolved unfortunately into an argument that never resolved. Made me sad that it couldn’t be handled better.
Sure why not. But yeah a dm or player unwilling to bend is a recipe for disaster and it’s definitely a two way street
Can someone explain the jawn thing? Is it just a place holder word? Is it a philly or Boston thing? I like it along with things like “soft cov” “perceptioné” and the rest of the gcp jargon. This one just peaked my curiosity
Cool. Thank you! I kind of assumed that but I appreciate the info-jawn. I don’t think I did that right.
My personal favorite is “TRIBBIANI GIVE ME THAT COFFEE!” and Joey launches him over the couch That or when he smashes his face on the dryer door in the laundromat with Rachel
You broke my fridge!!!
HA! No, despite my best efforts I don't think I ruined it.
We all believed in you and knew you could do it :D
Level 5-11 (with all their gear call it 12). Without getting too detailed, souls of my PCs loved ones were imprisoned and being used to power nefarious dealings. Kwalish helped them travel to the plane they were imprisoned on. The players defeated the BBEG freeing the souls of their loved ones getting a moment with them before they had to return to the material plane.
Everyone seemed to think so and that made me very happy
Thank you for the kind words. I am sad it’s over but excited to be a player again. I’m gonna interact with so many npcs!!!!!
We’re all our worst critics. Don’t worry. You’re killing it. Very spartan like.
I can speak from personal experience, but experiencing death via TTRPG podcasts, no they aren't fun, but when done properly, they are fantastic, memorable, and have an impact. I suppose if you are playing a game that is very light-hearted then sure, but I do like some serious moments. They stick with me. The jokes in the moment are fantastic, but it's that serious type stuff that sticks in my brain.
Ok so here's one that I'm sure has been asked, but let's play with this hypothetical. Let's say a caster casts banishment on the last or only foe (and that foe is from the plane they're on) in combat and succeeds. Now any good caster would alert the party and say something like "ok the monster is coming back so get ready" Now the party knows where they'll come back to, and should ready actions to attack when the foe reappears. My question is would you as a DM let all these attacks pop off the moment the foe reappears in almost a quasi-surprise round (obviously different from surprise) and just jump back in to the initiative as normal, or how would you play it?
To add to the other replies here, if I was in a party and playing a martial class who sees my caster use Faerie Fire for the first time, I would approach them after battle and say something like "hey wizard, what did you do there, I felt like I couldn't miss?" just for fun roleplay. &amp;#x200B; Conversely as a caster, lets say I cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on a target and the target fails the save, I as the caster (especially the first time) would use a free action to say "Don't hit the laughing guy, until he stops laughing" or something to that affect. Just a little mid combat rp to remind my companions to not fuck up the spell. &amp;#x200B; Other than that yeah the others have stated it correctly. It works whether the pcs know why it works or not.
You do have to consider that detect magic does have verbal and somatic components. So the caster would have to say the incantation and do the somatic portion, which could give them away. If you're casting as a ritual, it takes 10 minutes, and I don't know if you have to be performing verbal and somatic components the entire 10 minutes or not (I'm looking but maybe someone will answer it first in a reply \*\*OTHER THREADS ON THIS SEEM TO SAY NOTHING RAW BUT SEEM TO AGREE THAT RAI YOU MUST BE DOING V&amp;S COMPONENTS THE ENTIRE TIME\*\* ). So potentually your caster could be walking around the ballroom waving hands and saying incantations for 10 minutes and that could appear odd. &amp;#x200B; IDK if you're wondering all this as a DM and looking for things that might give away a player or if you're the player trying to avoid being caught, but things to think about.
Ok but the question also talked about walking around a ballroom checking out what's magical in it and detect magic only has a 30 foot range. Most ballrooms are much larger than that. So like can you perform the ritual in another room, and have the detect magic spell ready to pop off like a loaded gun, because I always imagined ritual spell casting occurring the second the ritual has been performed.
I agree. I just finished my first campaign. No deaths, which I kind of wanted to happen just to get over the fear, but I would've never cheated or fudged things to kill a PC unless that player came to me and asked if we could make it happen. This also made me realize that I had too many combats, just for the sake of having combats. My group vastly prefers RP to combat and I do too. Thankfully no one died, and even more thankfully, no one died in a combat that could have just as easily been excluded because it had no bearing on the story. My next campaign will have less combats, and will have much more story related treasure in the combats, be they notes, clues, etc.
Ok, I getcha. Surprisingly in my latest game that just ended (which took 8 months) no one casted it once, so I'm a little rusty with it. So once you've performed the V,S (be it via ritual or using a spell slot) it works like waving a flashlight over stuff and you could do it undetected then?
No they’re always incapacitated
Ok that’s fair you’re right but going back to the original scenario you would just maintain until the creature was gone forever barring you needed something from it. I know it wasn’t implied in the original question but that was the the intent so that’s my bad I guess
That makes sense. The answer I was looking for(which I probably didn’t phrase well) is would you rearrange initiative. I wouldn’t. I’d let the wizard drop conc on their turn, pop off the readied attacks and go from there. Maybe run the readied attacks in initiative order then after they’re finished, just put the monster at the end and rearrange it that way.
Listen here you little shit... I'm at work. Don't do this to me. I'll add the ones that also fuck me up Falcon: "On your left" and of course Steve assembling the avengers but those are happy tears
Yup. You win for succinctness!
So maybe ask why they were glowing instead. Especially if you still miss with advantage
So so good
Accent is readily available in most grocery stores afaik.
I'm assuming you mean brewed coffee yes? not a cup of coffee grounds? Sorry if this is a dumb question but it's very early for me right now lol
"Thank you"
I'd like to add George to this list from "My Last Words". He was the older black patient that Turk and JD spend the night with and bring him a beer. But yes all of those were gut punches
I’m no wiz in the kitchen as you might have gathered lol. Thanks!
The Mariah Carey cameo/interview on this was perfection.
This joke fucking kills me every time.
She certainly can be. Biggest dog I’ve ever owned (118 lbs/53.52kg) and I’m hoping she eventually learns how to handle her size better. Other than that she’s a fairly gentle giant
He must be back on Diet Soda
Something as simple as difficult terrain, or rainfall can spice up combat nicely. Maybe the enemies run away and need to be chased. Things like pits or ledges for the PCs to push enemies into, or for enemies to push your players into. As far as non combat goes, more info about your campaign and setting could be helpful. I’d look into skill challenges from 4e (and maybe other editions I’m only familiar with the two editions). Basically have a goal for the challenge like, chasing down someone in wagons, you set the DC (this will vary based on your players level). You set a number of successes and failures to determine whether or not the players succeed in the challenge (something like 6 successes or 4 failures) then your players describe an action they do and an appropriate skill to use with it. For example your player may say “I’d like to jump to the enemies wagon to start disrupting them”. They’d roll athletics or acrobatics trying to beat your set dc. Taking my numbers from earlier If your players get the 6 successes needed before failing 4 times, they achieve the goal. If they fail 4 times before succeeding 6 times, they fail. Have consequences for either. The players likely will and should use skills they’re proficient at. Don’t allow a player to use the same skill twice (or if they do up the DC for that specific check), but player A can use a skill, and player B can use the same skill. It allows the players to feel a sense of tension while flexing their creative muscles. I gave you the gist but I’m sure there’s plenty to read online or watch on YouTube. Good luck
I’ll tell you what. I basically did this in my first campaign. It worked and everyone had a great time. I was fairly satisfied but I also felt like I used it as a crutch. I suppose if everyone had fun (including me) then it ain’t all bad
Thank you friend. I hope you get consensually eagled soon.
Tagging /u/ena_bear just in case. Well according to everything the key to getting back what you’d like is to establish trust. The video which I’ll link used a bone as the resource and ham as a bait. To start all you want to do is get it from them. So if they’ve got the item in their mouth, throw something enticing near them. They should have to drop the thing you want to eat the treat. Then (if you’re using a bone or something the dog can have) give them the item back. Our girl has an affinity for socks so my wife has been practicing with an old sock. We’ve discussed that this could end up being problematic as it sort of encourages sock stealing but we have another dog and he’s not interested in socks so the sock prevents him interfering with training. So anyways use a toy or bone or something to train if you can. My wife holds the ham (we used the cheapest deli ham and small bites of it) near her face and says “drop”. When she drops, my wife takes the object and then pets the dog, gives the ham and lots of praise. Then give the dog the object back and repeat. We’ve seen vast improvement in days. And this is out of a dog who bit my wife day one. Now she will trade me a slipper she stole for a rubber bone toy. Below is the video. It’s not perfect but it gives you the basics and assumes you know your dog better than the man in the video. Good luck. https://youtu.be/266M5Tup9xc
My wonderful wife is working from home still so she does most of the work. I try to impart things as to not sound critical. I have suggested using heavy praise occasionally to prevent snacks only because maybe you won’t have them at hand. Pepper is responding to trading for toys fairly well.
No problem. If I come across any tricks that were particularly helpful I will comment here again
I hope that's not me. I like to make jokes at my expense to bring joy to others. But my self esteem is at a decent level.
IDK what happened to them. I used to love them and for some reason I took a long hiatus from them. I started getting more chalupas and cheesy gordita crunches. Anyways a year or two ago, I got another. I hadn't had one in 3-4 years probably, and the tortillas/crust/shell in them almost tasted like dirt, or maybe like it had bad cinnamon on it. I can't explain it. Maybe my memory of them was skewed or my tastes changed but it was super disappointing. Anyone else notice a change or am I taking crazy pills? both are acceptable answers mind you.
I’d like to add Roy Nelson to your list as well. But I very much agree with you.
At a bar with coworkers amidst other strangers, I made some boastful statement about my sexual prowess but with a tone of "this is not true at all" as a joke. My fairly quiet friend/coworker (whose mother also worked with us and was kinda hot) yells across the bar to me "Why don't I call your girlfriend and find out?" without missing a beat, I said "Why don't you save yourself some time and just find out from your mom?" I'm not a fan of too many "your mama's so...." jokes so I spun it. A hush fell over the whole bar. I felt bad so I went and hugged him, while still remaining proud of the joke.
&gt; and my head voice is now out of breath lol fuck you there's diet coke all over my monitor.
Blanket sounding statement incoming.....I'm not saying her family taught her to hate, but hate is learned. Many people's first teachers are parents. If her family didn't teach her to hate then I agree and feel bad for them.
I would say that St. Louis BBQ while often not recognized in the way KC, Memphis, Texas, Carolina styles are recognized, is the perfect blend of KC and Memphis. The baseball is pretty good too most of the time, but all you fuckers out there spouting that #BFIB shit, STOP IT. You're making the rest of us look bad. Stay humble fuckers. Oh and though I'm not a blues fan, I was pretty happy for a lot of my loved ones when they won the cup.
I live in IL, but in a St. Louis suburb. I get why people love Chicago, but the 3 times I've been in actual Chicago, and not suburbs, the people weren't terribly friendly, bordering on rude. I know I was the tourist, but despite my best efforts not to be, I was always in someones way. I fucking hate when people stop in the middle of a walkway, or walk too many abreast, so these are things I do not do. And god forbid a fuckin taxi makes a right turn on red when I have the walk signal. My family and I almost got mowed down on multiple occasions That pace just isn't for me, and that's ok. You do you Chicago, I'm not coming back and I know you won't miss me, so it works out for everyone.
I think I'm the only person who doesn't like Chicago style, so I'm ready for my downvotes. It's not pizza it's a lasagna or a casserole. No one needs crust that thick.
I like most pizza. Olives can get fucked. Hawaiian is fine, but i'd never order it for myself. If someone gave me a Chicago style, it'd take me a week to get through that mofo
Do you want to get suicided? Because that's how you get Suicided!
Am I misunderstanding you? Because my quick google shows his net worth to be 158.2 billion. Another quick google shows the world population is 7.8 billion. 158.2B/7.8B= $20.28 per person.
Lol it's all good friend. I'm shitty at economics/finances/math in general, so I was a bit perplexed. I'm sure you can definitely do a lot of good with $158B.
They’ll know.... they always know. *dramatic musical sting*
**sits back in chair with notebook** How does the xfiles music make you feel?
I’m gonna ask a nutritionist if this is true lol
I’m sorry. Good luck with the “oregnancy” :-D
Boots of Elvenkind for advantage on stealth checks. &amp;#x200B; Obviously any +1 weapons or armor but that's kind of obvious I suppose. &amp;#x200B; Amulet of Health (Makes your CON score 19) is good for any class. &amp;#x200B; Slippers of Spider Climbing (walk on walls and ceilings) &amp;#x200B; I know these may not help your Artificer multiclassing, but I'm not familiar enough with it to contribute.
For sure. Good for casters too to get up and away from melee attacks
Just to pop in on this EB talk in melee range, Crossbow Expert feat negates that disadvantage you'd have on EB on opp attacks. Good luck with your choices!
RAW hell yes. My group is super cool, and as a DM if I reveal something prematurely (for instance the scenario presented in your question), they would not meta-game for that and ignore it because they wouldn't be able to see that enemy. If it has glowing eyes or something, that's a different story. They could totally fire away. I guess my question would be, why would the player burn a 3rd level slot on a hunch?
Someone kind of mentioned it, but I've seen many DMs start every character with a feat and then ban variant humans. I think this is a superb idea. I suppose you don't have to ban them, but 2 feats at level 1 seems like it could be a tad OP, but I have yet to experience either situation.
Clit Embiggening Gel seems like a perfectly cromulent gift
I’m a hand tossed and pan pizza man myself. I don’t mind thin crust if there’s hefty amounts of toppings. I imagine New York style is my preferred but I’ve never been and the closest I’ve probably had is dominoes Brooklyn style. I enjoy that
I get it my friend. No shade. I just like lots of food. That’s why I’m fat.
Well, depending on the food of course, at least homemade stuff is often slightly healthier than it’s carry out counterparts
Halfling Rogue (Scout) Uffo Underfoot. I’m thinking haggard and older ish halfling man
I’m starting a halfling (hobbit but for dnd) rogue whom I’ve cast as [Jay Sherman from The Critic](https://www.google.com/search?q=jay+sherman&amp;rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS827US827&amp;hl=en-US&amp;prmd=ivn&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk00EmE79E8gSOacF8ZFYyjgyKyZUTg:1592871259506&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwift-Hs05bqAhUQK80KHTGJBKsQ_AUoAXoECBwQAQ&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=553) would love to see a rendition. Halfling Middle aged Male Rogue He’s level 1 so basic gear. Cloak and hood, daggers. Generic rogue gear.
I’m starting a halfling (hobbit but for dnd) rogue whom I’ve cast as [Jay Sherman from The Critic](https://www.google.com/search?q=jay+sherman&amp;rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS827US827&amp;hl=en-US&amp;prmd=ivn&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk00EmE79E8gSOacF8ZFYyjgyKyZUTg:1592871259506&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwift-Hs05bqAhUQK80KHTGJBKsQ_AUoAXoECBwQAQ&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=553) would love to see a rendition. Halfling Middle aged Male Rogue He’s level 1 so basic gear. Cloak and hood, daggers. Generic rogue gear.
That's hilariously awesomely perfect!
There are more for instance Resilient. You get to pick any of the six stats, choose 1, you get +1 in that stat and proficiency in saving throws of that stat. I often use or suggest this to those playing big clanky fighters or paladins wearing heavy armor. Really great if you have an odd numbered score in a stat. Bumps the modifier and you get better saves
I wouldn't say sad but my submission for this is "Hook" by Blues Traveler. Fairly upbeat song, about how people don't listen to verses they just like the catchy choruses
Enjoy.
The feat reads: &gt;If you lake the Attack action on your turn, you can use a bonus action to try to shove a creature within 5 feel of you with your shield. I don't care what people do in their games, more power to them, but if someone was in my game and had multiple attacks, I'd make them take at minimum, one attack, then shove, then let the other attacks rip. If this is wrong, someone please let me know. In my mind, if you haven't rolled to attack, you haven't taken the attack action. I could definitely see that declaring you're attacking, then being held to that, is well within RAW though. For example, you say "I'm attacking this enemy, using my bonus action to shove him off the cliff", the enemy fails, falls, dies. I then wouldn't let my player say "oh since he's dead and I can't get to anyone else I'm going to take the dodge action". That wouldn't fly. I feel I'm a pretty easy going DM, but I'm often wrong a lot and use those as learning opportunities though.
That’s what I thought as well but would you agree with the majority in here that you can attack, shove, attack when you get multiple attacks?
&gt; Also, a simple power outage would also have unleashed the ghost apocalypse since there didn't seem to be a battery backup or anything installed I don't think you're giving Dr. Spengler enough credit. There's no way a guy smart enough to design a ghost containment system, didn't factor in emergency back up power.
I'm an only child, so maybe I'm skewed here, but both of those are equally gross to me.
This hits home. My girl has started nosing my butthole. No more walking around the house nekkid
this is a really noob question from someone who should know this, but my question is on instant death. Let's say a PC has 6 of 12(max) hp, and the monster has multiple attacks. I know instant death occurs if the player takes 18 damage (whilst being at 6 of 12 hp). does the monster have to do damage in one attack or 18 total damage on their turn to outright kill the player? I hope I'm making sense as the PHB says: &amp;#x200B; &gt;\&gt;For example, a cleric with a maximum of &gt; &gt;12 hit points currently has 6 hit points. If she &gt; &gt;takes 18 damage from an attack, she is reduced &gt; &gt;to O hit points, but 12 damage remains. Because &gt; &gt;the remaining damage equals her hit point &gt; &gt;maximum, the cleric dies. &amp;#x200B; I don't know if that means from a single attack or from the monster's entire turn. thanks in advance.
Thank you. That’s what I thought. Just wanted to double check
Yup you’re right here.
I totally understand the sentiment. And I agree. I’d assume that the blue whale will be the record holder for awhile if not forever. The calories needed to grow that size or bigger gotta be tough to come by
That’s very true. Seems like the only real way to do it. If they ate anything larger there likely wouldn’t be enough of the prey to get those calories
&gt; He just seems like the type to pull out the chair for his date and open the door. INCOMING POSSIBLE NICEGUY STATEMENT: This makes me sad that this is an aspiration. I understand that maybe it's not something everyone wants done for them or wants to do for someone, but if I was single, this isn't even a second thought for me. DISCLAIMER: If that was meant for /r/niceguys it wasn't my intent. I'm 35 and happily married. I just like politeness
Ok I'm gonna be the dumb guy asking possibly dumb questions, but could it be that there are signals that we just don't have equipment that could perceive them? Just a different form of technology? and maybe the same goes for our signals? We're sending out stuff they aren't actively detecting for.
It’s a funny cringe fest for sure
I know I’m not stupid but I’m far from brilliant. Just seems like it’s not a stretch.
Maybe not the most disrespectful, but it's fresh in my mind. I was passed over for a promotion today, as the single most qualified applicant. I was not given an interview, and the person selected only has an advantage of being with this company (in a different department mind you) for 22 years vs my 9 years. This person was interviewed and I like this person, but to not even be interviewed, and to be told today I did not get the promotion, and would have to be training the person who is now my supervisor, is extremely fucking insulting. I don't think I was entitled to the job, but to not even be interviewed is a serious slap in the face.
That’s a good perspective for sure. I guess it’s just more of an uncertainty on my end that humans likely don’t know of all the ways to communicate. Sure if they were using something similar we’d see some evidence of it, I think there’s just too many unknowns. I feel like I’m starting to talk like a crazy person though lol.
She is tough. If one can’t see that after going through that brutal rape, then they’re blind.
I still think she’s a shitty manipulative person but to say she’s not tough is just false
“COMING... UP ... NEXT!”
Well she was an American girl. Cuz the lipstick makes her look like a hooker who exclusively services clowns
/r/unexpectedmulaney
Well being fortunate enough to have not experienced something like that, I can’t really contribute. I understand what you mean in semi adjacent manner of “face your fears” kinda thing but you can be god damn sure I’m never gonna tell a rape victim what they should or shouldn’t do. The only thing i would tell them is if there was anything I could do or could help with, to not hesitate to ask. I don’t know you or your story either. Maybe you’re speaking from experience maybe not, but I for sure am no authority on the matter.
Gally is the fucking best. Gotta love little dudes who ain’t scared to fuck with guys like chara
