Could also be 11 Tests between them if both of them qualify for the Test Championship Final.
So, this stadium is going to host as many international matches in one year as most other stadiums in India are able to host in over 10 years.
Afghanistan will play a Test against Zimbabwe, Bangladesh and WI. Ireland are only scheduled to play a 4-day Test in England.
Oh, so Australia used to play against a team of 11 in the 80s?
Scared of the Dark.
Chasing team needs one run to win and the bowlers bowls a wide or no-ball.
OMG did Jinx not meet Koach Bewda before this interview?
Ignoring the quality of facilities at both these venues, Motera's projected cost is lower due to cheaper materials, extremely cheap labour and probably some dodgy accounting.
&gt; *Japanese assistant coach Oops, this will remind me never to post stuff before giving it a full read/listen in the future. &gt;What did you think of it mate? Really good. Got to know a lot about the grassroots development and new facilities coming up in Japan. Nice to hear that all the Australian states have some sort of partnership with EAP nations. Also, your coverage of the EAP qualifier is amazing. Thanks for doing this.
Fuck this shit. Terminate the franchise as soon as possible. This is embarrassing.
Smart, considering that Pakistan are going to play SA next.
YAY! Rohit is gonna play. HYPE.
Fishing rod's out this series.
What a joke. Keep fishing at wide deliveries outside off.
NOHIT TIME. Great selection tbh. Fails in SA. Doesn't play a red ball game for 9 months, gets selected for the 1st Test in Australia.
Thanks, Tubbs.
BC Run Out again.
Done.
No.
Yep, during the WC.
Love that he called for two when he was on 99, since it was the 1st ball of the over. Quite a few other batsmen would've been busy celebrating their milestone after the shot.
ISHANT
No runs and 2 wickets in the session so far
Why is KL Rahul not in the slips?
Not in Kohli's team rn, but MS Dhoni.
I want Harris and Cheeks to open with ChePu coming in at 3.
He's from Rabada's village.
Commentator trying to use logic to decipher Kohli's field placement. LMAO
LMAO, Rahul has to remind Kohli to stay away from him in the slips before every ball.
Trashwin is here bois.
Pant is a good keeper to spinners. Not because he'll collect the ball cleanly but he will annoy the fuck out of the batsmen with his BS.
No hundred for the debutant. MORAL VICTORY for India.
Trash gets wickets.
Mark Waugh is also #CampRahane. YUSSS, another one joins the team. Not the best member, though.
Many redditors would be better captains than Kohli.
I hope Ashwin is dropped after this Test coz he's gonna be shit after this match.
But Rihanna is also due for his one decent innings in the series.
Bowler has got 3 wickets but the mid-off fielder is still in the deep for an offie. Classic Kohli.
Time for the main batsmen to come in now.
&gt; If India were to play test matches at Sharjah would you consider that home just because the pitch behaves the same as an Indian pitch? If they hosted almost every Test match there for 10 years, then yes.
And somehow tries to defend Shastri's ridiculous claim.
Oi Clarkey, stop telling the viewers that you're sitting in India. It ruins Sony's facade.
I just want Lyon to edge it to the vacant 3rd slip area. *OH LOL, there we go. Kohli is a great captain.
I just want Lyon to edge it to the vacant Gully area.
Even a fucking #10 can read your shitty carrom ball Ashwin.
Keep bowling short you dumb cunts.
Second Innings Shami showed up a bit early this time.
Lord's-esque epic collapse coming up bois.
[What about this, though?](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/a1fyej/why_indias_bowlers_are_a_threat_in_australia_for/eapi6jw/)
This Finch experiment alongwith the omission of Burns is just part of the grand plan to let Warner walk back into the side for the Ashes.
I'll just say it: Jatin Sapru &gt; Mark Butcher
I know, but why is Mark Butcher the host for this series?
Indian openers have survived 10 overs. I repeat. INDIAN OPENERS HAVE SURVIVED 10 OVERS. THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
Bhuvi and Woakes say hi.
Those Old Monks affecting VJ's running.
CHITTING AUSSIES STARTED SLEDGING AGAIN!
India gonna get Moeenalitharan'd by Lyon.
KL ROHIT
OMG OMG OMG 50 run partnership for Indian openers. Pretty sure that's banned outside the SC.
Engage the collapse.
Pfft. Dumbo Paine, King Kohli would've put a deep point after that cut shot.
Nigel Llong hates Che Pujara.
Chad Finch fielding at short-leg with short sleeves.
Not much, yeah. Just looks different since most short-legs field with long sleeves.
To people complaining about the scoring rate - maybe stop watching Test cricket?
smh
&gt; Iceland used this sub as a source of money Weird flex.
400
Isn't that ideal for India?
Nigel Llong is blind.
If there were no DRS, Nigel Llong = Steve Bucknor?
&gt; the Indians attack the stumps a lot more. Hawkeye data from the 1st innings shows otherwise.
Mate, you haven't accounted for THE BEST DECLARATION BATSMEN^^TM
Look at Vihari's shit eating grin at the back. Looks like he poisoned the drink.
Paine's field when India are 249 ahead is still more aggressive than Kohli's when the opposition is 249 behind.
WTF BC? Fuck this
Collapse incoming.
LOL Rohit fails when the situation was tailor-made for him.
Good thing about these wickets falling is that India might get bowled out with the lead around 350, not giving Kohli the chance to delay the declaration and take time out of the game.
&gt;Karthik: Sehwag played the reverse-sweep. Please stop talking. Thanks.
&gt; he'd settle the debate once and for all that he's not test tier. Except we've settled this debate time and again. People said the same thing during the SA series.
Because the Perth Stadium is newer, bigger and probably better?
Drop in but the WACA hasn't been spicy for over 15 years.
So, Pant is enemy #2 now?
Nihari FTW
No, I meant after Kohli. People seemed angry after Pant got dismissed.
If India had a better captain, they would have won the series in SA and England.
Get ready for a double hundred from LORD ISHANT.
FFS /tableflip
Well done giving Aussies a chance at victory now.
Ishant Sharma's defence &gt;&gt;&gt; Rohit Sharma's defence Fight me.
Just waiting to see how Kohli fucks this up with his daft captaincy skills.
Pair for Finch LMAO
Hahaha
TRASHWIN
Finchy Hundy coming up in 3..2..1..
SECOND INNINGS SHAMI pls deliver.
Oh man, look at that run from THICC man Brohit.
YAY! No short leg when the opposition is 64-3.
JustKoachThings
Batsmen finding it difficult to play balls outside off. Koach: Let's put the fielders deep and bowl bouncers.
Hey Warney, ICC can only pay for it if they have the money.
Just one slip now. Are India 240 runs ahead or behind?
Koach for HK pls.
India should at least bring in Vihari for Brohit, if not a genuine 5th bowler like Bhuvi or Jaddu, for the next Test. They need a 5th bowling option since these fast bowlers will break down if they're asked to bowl 40+ overs every game in a 4-Test series.
Calm down, Gilly. She isn't that big in India.
I wouldn't say so but yes, Indian tours are more regular than tours from Pakistan or Sri Lanka.
Kohli was off the field in the previous Ashwin over and there were 3 fielders close in. Smarsh would've been dismissed had Kohli stayed off the field.
LOL
Great comment.
Completely unrelated to each other. Kohli doesn't bowl good balls in the right areas with decent pace. Also, have a look at the pitches that India have played on compared to the ones they played on in 2011-14.
Pant: ALLLLIIIIILELELLOOOOOLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAA
&gt; Kohli is a good captain to seamers Has 1 slip and a gully as catchers when opposition needs 180+ to win with 5 wickets in hand.
That's it. Smarsh gonna win this.
Part-timer bowling. 5 fielders in the deep. How to lose Tests 101.
~~Dharmasena~~ Nigel Llong Review System
Pant with some nice bedroom talk there.
T-PAIN gonna win this.
Get Bumrah to bowl a leg-stump yorker.
Time for the real Aussie batsmen to come in and win this.
Preparing a petition to revoke India's Test status. Please sign after the match.
&gt; Kohli can’t captain That is true though.
Psssttt.... Kohli is a shit captain. It's not really surprising.
They need a 5th bowling option on these pitches. Perth is supposed to be greenish but it definitely won't be as helpful as the pitches in SA and England, where they actually didn't need the fifth bowler. If not a genuine bowler like Bhuvi or Jaddu, they at least need to play Vihari who can bowl 8-10 overs a day.
Both seem unlikely, barring any injuries. The selection of Rohit for this Test made no sense. Vihari was decent in the 5th Test in England and pretty good in the practice game. It's just disgusting how Rohit keeps getting selected over much more deserving players time and time again.
So, she clogged up a business class seat before the BCCI only to give it up later? BTW, I don't know why we're even discussing this shit. The second Test can't come quicker.
If India played an Australian team with Bradman, they would have lost.
Agreed. I think he should move to HK, which may result in the awarding of Test status to the team. Also, considering how richly Fox have milked the KING KOHLI vs AUSSIES shit, HK tours would be profitable for the home boards. Can't wait for the 5-Test Australia vs Hong Kong series.
I think Renshaw would be a valuable player for Australia in the future but on current form he doesn't merit a place. Finch deserves to play but only in the middle order. Head and SMarsh aren't great choices for future Tests but they did reasonably well in the 1st Test so they should play the 2nd Test. I guess this should be the line-up for the Boxing Day Test(assuming Smarsh fails at Perth): 1. Burns 2. Harris 3. Khawaja 4. Head/Handscomb 5. Finch 6. Maxwell
Yeah, I guess. I just think that both should play in the middle order this season and one of them could be chucked out (unless both perform) when Smith comes back.
Because the whole thing defies logic if she herself was booking/paying for the tickets and not the BCCI/CA.
I explained in the reply you quoted. Honestly, I don't care, maybe her tickets are booked through the BCCI and then she pays them back so that she can travel with Kohli. I'd rather not ponder over this irrelevant "news" further.
I hope Delhi get Sikandar Raza. He's the perfect replacement for (a performing) Maxwell. Good middle order bat and can bowl spin. Seems like Anshy Rath from HK hasn't been shortlisted. Don't think anyone will pick Myburgh or Stirling, would be interesting to see who picks Ali Khan.
I don't know, there's already Morris who provides the same skill set but probably more consistent. Seems like he'll be there for at least the 1st part of the season. Don't think playing Munro at 5 is a good idea. Would rather have someone who does the job regularly.
&gt; C. Anderson is also listed. Guys like Anderson etc. have been proven non-performers in the IPL except for a couple of innings. I'd rather go for Raza who has done well on similar pitches in international cricket. Delhi had Abhishek Sharma but they traded him to SRH. Unfortunately, there are very few lower-order hitters available in the auction pool.
Why wait? Let's start it with their first away tour in 2019.
Don't you already have Agarwal and Nair? Mandeep and Hetmyer(assuming you get him) can bat in the middle and the top 6 is settled.
Yeah, those banners won't have the same effect without them in the team.
CA said that earlier but I don't see it happening. It would be too much upkeep for the WACA to be kept at international standards for that 1 Test match every four years. The facilities at the new stadium will push the WA Cricket Association and CA to hold all international matches at the Perth Stadium.
&gt; He could play at 6 and be the fifth bowler And disappoint on both counts.
&gt; Maybe a case for Parthiv Patel? He's just Pant + 12 years.
So, UAE again. Since it's gonna be in the T20 format, it should be among 8 teams in the Champions Trophy format.
Umesh Yadav playing at 8 would be peak RTG.
RTG RTG RTG
Play 4 fast bowlers and think about batting first. Peak RTG.
Australia-India WACA 2012 flashbacks.
Sorry, can't argue with facts.
*Nobody though Bhuvi should be in the team*
Bhuvi getting the Pujara treatment this year from the greatest team management in the world.
Bhuvi might as well move to another country now. If they aren't gonna play him on a green pitch then where are they gonna play him?
Yes, but it makes logical sense to pick Bhuvi on a greentop when your lower order is shit.
Pitch is gonna quicken up tomorrow and India will get fucked.
What's the disguise?
India would've probably won the SA and England series.
Australia should be looking at 450 here.
Mitch Starc loves some cracks.
Why was Ishant taken off the attack after one over? He even took a wicket.
If Australia played in the spirit of the game, they'd declare overnight. India are only playing with 6 wickets so it's fair that Australia get the same number.
Just saw Harris' dismissal. Loved the assholic commentary from Mark Waugh and Michael Vaughan just before Vihari took the wicket.
Alternative title: Decoding Kohli-Shastri's dumbfuckery.
Another point to be kept in mind; Kohli said that he wanted to bat first. Makes no sense when you play 4 quicks.
&gt; India even won at wanderers with the same tactic Different pitch.
It was poor. As mentioned in the article, India didn't need 5 pacers. You need six batsmen on a green mamba. It's amazing that India are able to win despite Kohli's captaincy and Shastri's "coaching".
&gt; Handy when some idiot is shouting about his "win loss record", trying to pass it off as an actual argument for his captaincy. LMAO, you think that idiot would have the nous to understand this article?
Well, nobody lives in the western part of China. At least nobody that the Government cares about.
Correct.
Why do India get to play with only 6 wickets while Australia get 10?
Why pitch get hard when Indian bat?
2 balls outside off, 3 unthreatening short balls, last ball outside off. Indian bowling in a nutshell.
Well, David Warner was the 2nd choice when Steve Smith got banned.
Daily reminder that India had the option to play their own Cummins but RTG disagreed.
HOLD THE PRESSERS: Gaurav Kapur says that Kohli isn't Vegan. So it was #FakeNews?
Fuark, that's a tough one. I think Kohli's captaincy is more brainless.
&gt; Tendulkar, on the one hand, was too selfish and focused on his runs, didn’t give a shit about the team. Pretty sure you've never seen Tendulkar lead the Indian team.
Can we have a moment of silence for KAPTAIN KARUN KALADHARAN NAIR's dead international career?
Indian batsmen are fucked here.
I blame Stuart Broad for Pant's shitty attempts at sledging.
OHSHITYEAH
&gt; Bellerive doesn't have any branding, does it? Blundstone Arena
RIP VJ TEST CAREER
Well, they definitely aren't speaking Indian.
TBF, he missed a full toss.
Stayed back to a full toss, turned it into a swinging yorker.
Dharmasena too trigger-happy to call those no-balls. The criticism after the 1st Test got to him.
Oi, take it easy Kohli. This is a Test match.
He's got a mean widow's peak.
Different techniques. Kohli looks to meet the ball before it swings, Pujara looks to ride the swing while playing the shot.
Good calculated leave there.
How big is this outfield compared to the MCG?
Nathan Lyon is the best all-rounder in the world. GOAT batsman, GOAT fielder, GOAT bowler.
Aussies, do you like this year's home schedule or would you prefer the New Year's Test to be the last Test of the summer? I think I prefer the Test season to run along with the BBL while the LOIs could be played at the start and end of the summer.
Might play the next Test.
Soaking up the pressure is a thing. If Pujara had played a wild shot at 8-2, he would've looked like a dumbo.
Easy way to solve the any city's drought problem: Play cricket there.
No self-respecting coach will apply for that job atm.
Ah, okay. Yeah, players should play their NATURAL GAME^^TM , people are just critical of everything.
Clarkey said that Australia would be batting again at the end of the day.
I guess Shaw needs to play instead of Vijay as soon as he gets fit. (RIP VJ) Maybe give Rahul the full series and if he still can't perform then look somewhere else. I just hope that the selectors look at someone young instead of going back to Dhawan.
Well, if they are good enough to do it then, why not? I don't think he'll find a place in the middle order atm.
This is Fake News. Gaurav Kapur (IPL, BwC Host) said that he isn't vegan and people have just started believing it because of some rumors like these.
I'm not against smaller boards hosting 4-day Tests since it saves them some money which helps in scheduling more games but bigger boards like CA and ECB scheduling 4-day Tests against the likes of Afghanistan and Ireland, is just them being stingy and not treating the newer/smaller cricketing nations as proper opponents.
Vegan =/= Vegetarian
Shit. Why do I have to travel tomorrow and day after? I'll miss the most exciting days of this Test match and probably the series. FML.
India has 10 righties but Australia are still playing Lyon.
So, when are India forfeiting this match?
Too late, but.. SECOND INNINGS SHAMI
Pitch is fucked
Yes.
Lyon got dismissed. Is this real life?
24 run 10th wicket partnership. India can only dream of such a partnership from their openers in the 2nd innings.
Aussie tail play a wild shot over the infield. Kohli places fielder in the deep. Batsmen bunts the next ball for a single. You got played you dumbo Kohli.
For people who always defend Kohli's captaincy, please look at this match.
USELESS
Damn, India have a real selection headache for the next Test. Who will Shaw replace in the next Test? Both openers are so shit. Might as well open with PP or Rohit.
New Pasta bois.
&gt; Selection committee has left it on Pandya to take a call when he wants to join the Indian team in Australia. WTF? Is that a joke?
http://www.bcci.tv/news/2018/press-releases/17867/hardik-pandya-and-mayank-agarwal-added-to-indias-test-squad
I don't see how Pandya helps the current setup. He can't replace Vihari as a batsman and he surely can't replace a bowler.
&gt; Pandya will replace Umesh imo. RIP the 3 other bowlers.
YASSSS 19 member squad now. Low-key hoping that BCCI publishes an "X-member" squad list every day between the 2nd and 3rd Test. 12-member squad on Christmas Day, 13-members on Christmas Eve, 14-members on the 23rd. Best Countdown Ever.
Surely you'd pick Jadeja for that.
Pant: Thanks, I'll inform the Team Coach.
Gangsta MO-SHAM not part of #CampKohli.
&gt; I simply don't see any other permanent solution, as most others are struggling to even hold their place in the team RTG works in mysterious ways.
Considering that this Test is already over, can those dumbfucks Kohli and Shastri please play Jaddu and Bhuvi instead of fucking Pandya in the next Test.
&gt; The only reason any Australian cricketer ever travels to India. Munawar agrees
Who'd open then?
Interesting that everyone hates Umesh now. After he took 10 wickets against WI, everyone loved him and said that he's unlucky to not play overseas Tests for India. Love that only 1 Test changed their opinion.
Not as the 4th seamer but I'm just amused at the fickle reactions.
Sounds about right. *Cries in Bhuvi*
True. Everyone who isn't in the team is better than the players in the team. We need to change all XI players each Test.
Dammit Vihari. Now Pandya is gonna replace you.
Even though we posted about this before the series, things seem to be going out of hand. Reminder to follow the rules: Rule 1 - Don't abuse or insult other redditors. Rule 6 - No generalised attacks/insults/whinging about other fanbases/nationalities, including blaming them for downvoting. Violations may result in a ban. Racism or blatant trolling is absolutely not acceptable and will result in bans.
Let's ZOOOOOOO
Loss margin under 150 runs. HYYYPPPE
LMAO, what an appeal.
HOLY SHIT AUSTRALIA WON A TEST MATCH.
Sri Lankan Fight &gt;&gt;&gt; Indian Fight
If someone shows this Test match to prove that 4-day Tests wouldn't witness more draws, then they should get their brains checked. Do you think the Indian team would've played like that if they had only 10 or so overs to survive?
Tail starts at 6.
India's 8-11 scored 11 runs in the match. Another selection masterstroke from King Kohli and Goti Shastri.
Except, you pick the bowler who bats better if the two bowlers have similar ability. Bonus, that bowler could utilize a green-top better than the bowler picked in the XI. Also, you could pick a spinner who can bat well if you already have 3 fast bowlers in the team.
Can see the media making this a big thing. While there was an argument between the two, it just seems to be an argument regarding the field placements or something. The commentators are making a big deal out of the finger pointing and hand gestures but Indians talk with their hands a lot.
If you play Hardik, the tail will start at 6. I think 4 bowlers are enough and India need 6 proper batsmen in the team. Vihari can chip in with the ball as well. Ashwin or Jadeja have to play in the next Test and Agarwal should come in for Rahul. Don't know about the 2nd opener since there aren't any decent alternatives. I'd play Bhuvi for Ishant as he seemed tired in the 2nd innings, maybe a week's rest may help.
Performing well has no relation to getting selected in the XI.
Be Bhuvi. Get rested for home Tests due to upcoming away series. Get dropped for away Tests because you didn't play the home Tests.
Please buy Sikandar Raza and NLTC, Delhi.
Must be coming up in the next round.
LMAO, Sikandar Raza unsold. What a farce.
RIP every young player who got sold to RCB.
Please join us for DRINKS and Dinner. Bewda books his flight to Jaipur.
Can't say the same about you, GotiBoi.
JUSTICE FOR SIKANDAR RAZA, ALI KHAN AND NLTC PERERA.
DC probable best XI: 1. Dhawan 2. Shaw 3. Iyer 4. Pant 5. Ingram (Don't know where to put him) 6. Harshal Patel 7. Morris 8. Axar Patel 9. Rabada 10. Mishra 11. Boult Raza or NLTC would've been perfect to fill that lower-middle order hole but as usual Delhi fucked up. Different name, same dumbfuckery.
Damn SunnyG, I didn't know you had it in you.
[Also here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOXESkRYS0U) at 1:30
Look at the flag and jerseys. OP is clearly going to Centurion.
Lemme guess. 1. ICC is a governing body. 2. Motto: Cricket for good.
&gt; Eh, Where should Vihari bat then, the top order is stacked? Also where they don't have an Indian replacement for that. Well, he doesn't play in the first XI then. Harshal Patel will have to play at 6. &gt;Okay if Rahane bats at 3, Smith bats at 4 and as they have declared him to be the captain this year, I don't think he would be dropped any way. Rahane opens or he doesn't play. Don't think they would play Manan Vohra in the first XI when they picked him in the last round of the auction.
Thanks.
After the Sydney Test in 2012, Kohli is dropped due to poor performances and Rohit Sharma becomes the GOAT Test batsman that everyone hoped to see. He replaces Dhoni as the captain in 2015 and Kumble is still the Indian team coach. Due to a proper captain and coach, India go on to win all three away tours in 2018. Also, due to a proper team management the players' injuries are managed accordingly. So, the current Indian XI would look something like: Murali Vijay (best opener in the world because the management didn't fuck his brains) KL Rahul (2nd best opener in the world because the management didn't fuck his brains) Che Pujara (best batsman in the world because the management didn't fuck his brains) Ajinkya Rahane (not "out of form" because the management didn't fuck his brains) Rohit Sharma (C) R Ashwin Ravindra Jadeja Bhuvneshwar Kumar (best seamer in the world because the management didn't fuck his brains) Wriddhiman Saha (best keeper in the world because the management didn't fuck up his injury) Ishant Sharma Jasprit Bumrah.
Unknown "source": MS Dhoni couldn't be arsed to go to Australia for just 3 T20Is before the Test series.
Oh shit, I've been exposed.
But he never became Koach?
&gt; No one else is a certainty for tests RTG magic
[This post regarding Sunil Gavaskar's atrocious article](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/8squ3w/dear_mr_gavaskar_a_pointby_point_rebuttal_of/) by /u/Mikolaj_Kopernik
[This comment giving a detailed preview of the Euro Tri Series](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/8qjco7/match_thread_netherlands_vs_ireland_euro_t20/e0jkij7/) by /u/bertusdejong
[This comment explaining what is wrong with the ICC](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/8eeniv/rcricket_is_now_the_official_sponsor_of_the/dxw43q5/) by /u/Mikolaj_Kopernik
[All ODI wickets of Bhuvneshwar Kumar](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/7vezsc/video_all_the_odi_wickets_of_bhuvneshwar_kumar/) by /u/sscomp32
[Aiden Markram is a supervillian](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/7v5c7g/match_thread_south_africa_vs_india_at_supersport/dtprj5w/) by /u/Treemann
[The 33 teams of Kohli](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/7on2av/the_33_teams_of_kohli/) by /u/onion_uthappa
/u/RedfromAustin's [story](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/7xxspn/match_thread_south_africa_vs_india_at_supersport/duc32d0/)
/u/sociallyawkwarddude
[The moment history was being created](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/8bhcat/help_raise_3000_to_support_cricket_in_iceland/dx7831u/) by /u/rreyv
[Brian Lara AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/9ctsjf/i_am_brian_lara_former_west_indian_cricketer_and/) by /u/ICC_Official
What? Why ruin the New Year's Test?
Yes, I totally believe these people.
Ah, averages. The all encompassing, all-conquering stat to rule them all.
Then, why are Dhawan's runs against Afghanistan included in the figures?
Fire every selector in the world. Computers can do the job.
Pitchforks out for the Bihari.
Get in Archie to have a bowl. Couldn't be worse than M'Marsh.
Over/Under on when Agarwal will get brain-fucked by Shastri and his bois?
Yeah, he's not been able to break in mainly because he's a middle order bat and India already have Pujara, Kohli and Rahane. Also, the Great Rohit Sharma.
Gill? Yes, he got 140 odd yesterday as well.
So, this pitch looks like the one in Rajkot. Does that mean we'll get a triple hundred from Sir Ravi Jadeja?
I guess WA government's confidence of getting a Boxing Day Test wasn't unsubstantiated.
Although, we're long way off from the situation but how funny would it be if NZ's first Boxing Day Test in Australia for around 30 years wouldn't be at the MCG next year.
Yes.
Ground gets banned for 12 months if it receives 5 demerit points.
Yeah, 5 for unfit. It won't get that rating though.
Aussies too scared to take the field.
Hagley Oval Test &gt; MCG Test. Fytme
Damn, Archie's words after the toss were better than anything Shastri has ever said.
Why watch Test cricket if you don't like it?
IT'S ALL HAPPENING HERE AT THE MCG!
1 over short. Gimme back my money.
Alright take a dump and come back for SA vs Pakistan.
People are calling this a dead road but there's already quite a bit of inconsistent bounce. It's likely to be more pronounced on Day 4 and 5, so India need to make this 1st innings count. They should bat as long as they can to get a big lead in the 1st innings. Also, both batting lineups are brittle so we are getting a result in this game. Shout out to Vihari who neutralized the new ball after being asked to open when he isn't accustomed to that position.
New Pujara Theorem right here bois!
187=300 AFAIK
Yes, but the MCG doesn't have the 3 demerit points yet. You get banned for 12 months only when you have 5 demerit points. Even if it gets a poor rating in this Test, MCG will host the 2019 Test.
They've said that they are upgrading the drop-in technology to match the ones at Adelaide and Perth. 12 months is a long time to get the pitch in order and they will be sure to not fuck it up if it gets a poor rating here. CA won't risk moving the Boxing Day Test to some other venue when you can easily get 80,000 people here every time. Also, it's the first day and it doesn't even seem like a complete dead road.
So, the warm-up is over. Time for the real Boxing Day Test match.
/u/DuanneOlivier good luck mate.
That's dead
Damn, the schedule for this series is packed. 6 weeks for 3 Tests, 5 ODIs and 3 T20Is.
/r/Cricket/wiki/glossary
422 YASSSSSSS!!!!!
WI away. SA and Ban at home.
Losers I tells ya. Also, can we throw out Rahane and Bhuvi as well? Those cunts are only in the team because people think they are "good boys".
pujara make another two normal deliveries look unplayable
Yes, please. But can we shit on Pujara when he fails after 2 innings?
The NZ vs SL Test might get over in a few hours. I guess we should play this match on that pitch when they're done.
Oi, you needed to dive Finchy.
Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana International Cricket Stadium is better than all of them.
Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana International Cricket Stadium &gt;&gt;&gt; MCG
I know it's hard for some people to grasp sarcasm.
PARTY AT /r/Che_Pujara BITCHES!!!
How many did he say? It's actually 37.
LMAO
Oi, /u/_varun_ stop using r/Cricket trademarked memes for your Cricinfo BBB commentary.
Hey hey hey. I was only joking. No need for these favours. Phew, crisis averted.
Wow, some flogs in the stands there.
OMG Rohit in double figures. What a knock.
What's the impersonator's name? Manan Vohra or Mandeep Singh?
Rohit Sharma's average in SENA has increased. HYYYPPPPEEEEE
[One of many threads regarding this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/8krloa/suggestioncan_you_guys_pinsticky_the_match_threads)
You can message us through modmail.
Shit article
Fun Fact: The same comment probably would've gotten as many upvotes if it were posted a month ago.
&gt;Pujara - dropped at various points for Suresh Raina, Rohit Sharma That is hard to read.
Yeah, because he should've holed out to deep mid-wicket and let Rohit Sharma face the new ball. Wonder how that would've gone?
Kohtilya the Great, of course.
&gt; current live match threads The day's play had already ended for the Australia vs India match when you saw the SA vs Pak thread.
I don't know if flairs for Match threads are required due to the separate formatting. Streamable links could be auto-flaired as "Highlights". It'd be difficult to auto-flair stats posts since they don't have a common title/url.
CATCH BOI
Khawaja vs Spin
PANT DROP
LMAO Jaddu lapping Brohit there.
Where the fuck is Burns?
suprisedpikachuface.jpg
M'Marsh is gonna shut up all ya cunts with a triple hundred here.
Absolutely brilliant. More than the skills, it's the thinking to bowl a slower ball on the last ball before lunch. We've seen him do the same in LOIs but it's the surprise factor that gets the batsman. The guy is smart for a 25 year old fast bowler.
DAMNSON
[This thread after that delivery](https://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/971/686/891.jpg)
Wasn't the squad same? It was dumb selections in the XI which costed them the two previous away tours.
Kohli is a sux?
Can't say it wasn't intentional.
Wow, what a shite dismissal.
Batsman walks away without a review. Mark Waugh: It looks like it only hit his pad. WTF is wrong with this cunt?
PANT DROP AGAIN
Hanuma Vihari has the iPhone X-notch haircut.
FIRST-INNINGS SHAMI
Why are people asking for a follow-on? India should bat again and give their bowlers some rest. This pitch will only deteriorate and 4 and a half sessions are more than enough to bowl out the opposition in the 4th innings here.
Well, if it is rained out then enforcing a follow-on wouldn't be beneficial either. If they enforce a follow there's a great possibility that Australia may score 350 and give India a tricky target.
Oh shit, how did India dismiss the tail so quickly?
Incoming Shastri press conference if India win this Test: "This is the best team since 1932 as no other team has won 2 Tests in Australia."
But he might also stay as the coach of the team forever?
How's the weather in Melbourne, Ravi?
How about a low-effort tag?
Pujara's innings is going to cost India the match here.
LMAO LMAO LMAO
This is just a long-con from Kohli. He wanted the 2 BEST DECLARATION BATSMEN^^TM to play in this innings.
&gt; Pujara and Kohli suck together
CHITTING AUSSIES BODYLINE TACTICS
Declare at 50-6 just for the shits and giggles.
He's also the 3rd highest run scorer for the series.
It kinda was, India just played well.
Note to Paine: Pant didn't get half of what you said there.
MOD ABUSE
Incoming Ban for Racism.
Still don't get the reason behind it but okay. [Here's one better, though](https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/a9n8gr/irfan_pathan_this_guy_cheteshwar1_is_as_important/ecksopq/)
Grubber
Fucking Clarke says Intent^^TM more than Kohli and Shastri combined.
Fucking shit. Almost hate the word now.
Punt with a soft T
Another Boxing Day 6fa.
LOL are the commentators blind? You need a spike on snicko, the murmurs aren't proof of an edge.
Dumb cunt Pant does it again. 6 and out.
No but he goes for dumb cheeky shots when he can smoke it down the ground. Just wait for the next ball.
Underrated comment.
106-8 declared looks so funny. I'd like to see the lowest declared totals list apart from the infamous 0-0d.
LOL Finchy WTF was that?
Finchy's only contribution in this series has been during the legendary bantz with Paine.
India set a target of 399, Kiwis set a target of 660. India gonna get fucked in NZ confirmed.
More than 4rpo. India are losing this.
We have the same murmurs here. Do the commentators think Khawaja got a feather here as well?
LET'S ZOOOOOOOOOOO
&gt;India new world order has begun. They'll never fall from number 1 again. You underestimate Kohli and his RTG tactics.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/aa81b0/mcgs_bay_13_given_a_warning_after_chants_of_show/ecpx14l/ Seems like the media is publishing Reddit comments out of context now.
Link for Pant's interview?
Don't they use those new helmets with a neck grill these days?
Wow, Head looks like a ~~school~~ canteen cricketer against spin.
[Lowest declaration totals if anyone was interested](http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/engine/stats/index.html?class=1;event=2;filter=advanced;orderby=team_score;orderbyad=reverse;template=results;type=team;view=innings)
Is it Second Innings Shaun Marsh?
Abandon DRS now? BccI wAs RighT aLL alONg
You need to read on what the rules were.
PANT DROP DROP DROP
Fucking dickheads booing M'Marsh again.
Hot take: People discussing sledging here are taking it more seriously than the players out in the middle.
Low-key expecting him to pull out his dick, put it on the table, and shout "Yeah bitch, talk nah."
True. I think they need to more flexible with the combination. Pandya should only be used when needed unlike how he was used earlier this year. The combination should be dependent on the conditions. Greentop: Play 6 batsmen. Flat deck with a bit of help for seamers: Play Pandya Flat deck which may help spinners later on: Play Ashwin+Jadeja.
Best batsman of the series is here.
India unable to get the lower-order wickets. What else is new?
What about Lord Bunny?
Looking at how SL are performing against NZ, I wouldn't take them lightly. They played out a well-fought draw in the 1st Test and although they are going to lose the 2nd Test, they've done well in patches here as well. NZ is definitely a better side than Australia at the moment.
YAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
They won the previous series, so you retain the trophy if it's a draw.
GG WP
And Kohli nicks a stump.
Still in his hand when the players are shaking hands.
Just an FYI: There are 11 players in the team, not just Koach.
Rohit Sharma confirmed for next Test. Press F for Vihari.
Probably Pandya or Ashwin.
It's inevitable.
LMAO, SunnyG shilling for Rohit's place in the team again because he gave Bumrah the idea to bowl that slower ball.
surprisedpikachuface.jpg
&gt; Just defending won’t do unless you are ticking When have I heard this before? Oh yes, it was for Pujara during the England series. &gt;Too much expectations for someone who hasn’t really shown much. Talking about Rohit here?
Scored runs yes. I'd actually argue that Vihari's first innings was more important than Rohit's first innings in the context of the game.
Hopefully, people don't just look at the numbers and call him the greatest captain ever. The current Indian team is pretty amazing with a solid bench strength as well, which is the primary reason why India are able to win Tests abroad.
Yeah, unfortunately people are lazy so they'll just look at the numbers to form all their opinions. This is why we've had a situation where people have argued for Rohit over Pujara. Unfortunately, people never learn and this mindless filtering of stats will continue to happen.
Except Sehwag was lower-order batsman who bowled spin. Ganguly made him an opener. Also, it would be a massive disservice to the current Indian batsmen if they are not ranked as one of the top 2 or 3 batting lineups in the world. &gt;He also had the most successful Indian bowler ever. Who was a spinner. He had one reliable seamer in Zaheer Khan (who was injured a lot) with Agarkar or Pathan providing some flash in the pan performances. Kohli has 4 or 5 quality quick bowlers along with 2 of the best spinners in the world at the moment. Ganguly won on a seaming deck at Leeds in 2002 with 2 spinners in the team.
Fucking hell Bhajji. Had to jinx it.
* *shows visa at the entrance* Can I enter now?
Seems like the Indian team also selected a kid in their team. Oh wait, that's Parthiv.
How is this an unpopular opinion?
&gt; I fear it’ll be the same for Bumrah soon Bumrah should just play SENA Tests. India have other fast bowlers who just play Tests and can do the job in Asia+WI. Also, Ashwin+Jadeja would be good enough to run through the opposition on most occassions.
India are winning Test matches despite Kohli's captaincy, not because of it. This team is that good. Same goes for Shastri, but I don't think that's an unpopular opinion.
Well, yeah? His captaincy is mediocre regardless. India don't lose every match due to his captaincy but his captaincy affects the team's performance. Not everything is binary.
Not really. These fans were very respectful, they didn't bother the players, they confined themselves to a separate area and let the players walk into the hotel. They were just celebrating the win. In India, players would be mobbed by fans wanting to get selfies with them.
Maybe both. One of the pacers could be dropped.
If it appears flat on Day 1 with no grass, then it's better to go with the spinner since it may deteriorate on Day 4 and 5. The 4 bowler combination doesn't seem likely now, so at least 1 out of Pandya and Ashwin will play. If it is flat, then going with Ashwin would be better than going with Pandya.
I think they need to go back to 10 matches per team (if not 8) for the BBL. 14 matches per team has taken up too much space in the calendar and it should go back to being a 5-week competition played over the holidays.
IPL has its own season. It's not played in the traditional Indian home cricket season, there wasn't any cricket during May in India before the IPL. BBL can't do the same because it will compete with other sports if it isn't played over the summer. BCCI don't have the same problem because Cricket is so big in India.
Favourite commentator: Mark Waugh DAMN IT, ARCHIE!
&gt; Why are you writing like a customer care executive? it's freaking me out a bit. I don't know what you mean by a customer care executive but he literally explained the process of recruiting new mods. Does it freak you out when people talk to you nicely? &gt;I don't care ab/out active or inactive tbh. Except that it is one of the major considerations taken into account when appointing new moderators. It doesn't matter if there are 4 moderators on the list with Aussie flairs if 2 of them haven't been active for over a year. We need mods so that the rule-breaking content can be removed as soon as possible. &gt;2 Indian mods while more than 50% of sub is Indian. See, this is where you are wrong. This is not some UN conference where the mods are supposed to argue in favour of their nation. All the mods are supposed to implement the rules of sub without any bias towards their nationalities, and I can personally vouch for all the other mods' unbiasedness.
&gt; And yeah sure buddy they didn't ask you to deal with me you just replied to me out of your own volition...sure absolutely. *Sigh* Enjoy your lazy Sunday, I guess.
^ This guys gets it
I gave the answer in my first comment, I can't help you if you're going to continue to create baseless conspiracy theories.
Um, can't pin another user's comment. I'll just edit the description of the post to let everyone know that the AMA is over.
BBCDs have forgot our Kulcha
No, playoffs like the IPL where the top 2 play a qualifier while teams finishing 3rd and 4th play an eliminator.
314 is the final score. Likely to be the highest margin of victory in all T20Is as well considering Mali's recent performance. They need to score 143 to avoid that record.
They're gonna win by 300+ runs.
UPDATE: Mali bowled out for 10 Uganda won by 304 runs (highest margin of victory ever)
&gt;Debate amongst scorers whether matches like these should really count to records Is this debate among scorers, or dinosaurs who think too highly of cricket stats? &gt;as clearly the matches were all one sided. Are you saying all one-sided matches shouldn't be counted?
[Except everyone who analyzed the format properly.](https://twitter.com/idlesummers/status/1133710447939506177)
Italy, Denmark and Jersey are playing the ICC Challenge League. So, the earliest that they can get ODI status is 2023, Of course, realistically they won't because they are competing with better teams in the league. One of them may pull an upset and play some ODIs in the World Cup Qualifier Play-off but that's still unlikely. Norway and Germany have made it to T20I regional finals, so according to ICC's new policy of using T20 standings as a measure of competitiveness for the 50 over format, they could qualify for the next cycle of the Challenge League depending upon the format of qualifications.
It's mentioned in the post?
We'll discuss it but I think posting the whole tweet may be more annoying for people browsing the sub. Twitter allows 280 characters now, so it may lead to long titles. Bad titles are obviously covered by Rule 3b. Posting the original source seems like a good idea.
&gt; There are some prolific twitter "celebs" who get shared regularly. Maybe I'm missing something but if they aren't posting some relevant news or quality article/graphs/stats piece then, it would be removed.
&gt; (has 16 currently), Next year's T20 World Cup has 12 teams, 2 more than the previous edition.
Alright, but it shouldn't be included. That's like calling this an 18-team World Cup.
Yes, because the ICC doesn't want you to call it a 12-team World Cup. The country or the time of holding the event doesn't determine whether it's part of the main event or not. The format makes it clear that the first round is a qualifying event, and the T20 World Cup is a 12-team event.
Because it became spam-worthy after the first contribution. The user was creating a new thread for every new image. He created one for Jofra Archer as well and it was removed. Try not to make everything a nation vs nation debate.
&gt; You guys are the one making it that way by selective modding of posts. There is no selective modding. A single post of a user showing his creativity is alright but then, it became spam-worthy and thus we've asked users to post their work in this thread. &gt;Thread of practice match btw nz was just like the usual reddit comments on Indians. Such filth was posted then. &gt;Kindly do something to tackle racist comments and not let them escape ban. We have banned/warned multiple users for rule-breaking content. Please keep reporting any rule-breaking content and the offenders will be banned. It's hard to mod a 10k+ comment thread and we may have missed some violations.
So, WI are still in contention for a semi-final spot. Any format where a team which has won 1 match out of 6 is still in contention for the semi-finals, is a bad format.
&gt; Also this guy was denied Visa in Pakistan for creating the documentary. This is how much knowledge is valued in other side of border. Ah, the usual "we are better than Pakistan" trope.
It happened in a cricket stadium. Your first hint was that the article has been published on Cricinfo.
Not a perfect analogy as Netherlands is way more competitive in cricket than India is in Baseball. Cricket rankings are mostly due to ICC status bullshit where only 16 teams have ODI status atm.
[Same concept, bigger cycle](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DncJXWtU4AERCZn.jpg)
He's dropped and this is the best excuse they could come up with.
&gt;"I think the intent will not be right then because then you will speak of three-day Tests, where do you end? Then you speak of Test cricket disappearing. I don't endorse that at all. &gt;"I don't think that's fair to the purest format of the game - how cricket started initially and five-day Test matches was the highest of tests you can have at the international level. According to me, it shouldn't be altered." Apparently, Kohli needs a lesson in cricketing history and how Test cricket playing conditions have been continuously altered over the years.
https://sportstar.thehindu.com/cricket/duration-of-test-matches/article22443206.ece
Jokes on you, I don't do any moderation.
Yes, because there was no concept of mandated playing conditions decided by a (faux) governing body like the ICC. My point is that the playing conditions shouldn't be changed because "this is how it was played in 1877" is a bullshit argument.
Rohit would've caught that. When is the crowd going to start chanting ROHIT ROHIT?
That was the most unnecessary dive ever.
There might be a temptation to play 6 batsmen and 5 proper bowlers against Australia, instead of the half-allrounders in the team. Rohit, KL/Dhawan, Kohli, Iyer, Pandey, Pant, Thakur, Kuldeep, Chahal, Bumrah, Saini. The tail looks a bit long and Shami might start ahead of Saini or Thakur.
Have a look at the squad lol
What are you talking about? Did you even read the comment? This team is for the next match against Australia.
He seems to provide an all-round option but he is neither a reliable #6 nor a good enough fifth bowler in Tests. Until he can perform at least one of the two roles, he doesn't fit into the Indian team. The Indian fast bowlers are good enough now that India can play with 4 bowlers and Vihari is there to provide a few overs. On flat decks, India can play Jadeja and Ashwin along with the 3 fast bowlers, if required.
Most probably after the ODI series against Australia.
Sneaky CA paid Warnie to influence people, so that when they cancel the Afghanistan Test they don't face any backlash from the public.
Guys, I think Australia might win this match.
WC 2003 Final that never happened
He drinks straight from the bottle like a true champion.
How did the 3rd umpire see daylight at night? r/dadjokes
That should be the game for India
Don't think it's a serious injury. Insert mandatory Vada Pav Power joke.
Second Innings Shami?
Damn, that umpire has got balls of steel to give that not out in such an atmosphere.
Kohli's recent statement indicates that he doesn't look at Pant as a specialist batsman.
&gt; This is not a wake-up-call drop: if it is, it is the height of mixed messages. The team management's intent can never be questioned. They want the best results for India, but the methods need to put at ease those who are not playing a part in it. The plan might be to see how Rahul goes as a keeper and a batsman for a fair run, to see if he can physically take the strain, but right now, at this moment, Pant needs all the man management that Ravi Shastri is renowned for. This is the most important part of the article. The Indian team has an embarrassment of riches in terms of quality players at the moment but the team management is treating them like disposable parts of a machine. It is important to communicate with the players as to what is desired of them in the team and how they can get their place back in the team. Otherwise, these things mess with their brains and can end their careers.
Isn't that par for the course for an India tour? All the games last year were played on the North Island.
Dube can be the 2nd all-rounder in the line-up when Pandya comes back. It would be possible to play Kuldeep and Chahal both in the XI.
Obligatory "Dhoni would've stumped him" comment. *Runs away*
LOL Kohli almost overthrew that for 4.
Rohit &gt;&gt;&gt; Kohli Kohli needs to get off that diet and gobble some Vada Pavs.
Catch to slip for the blackcaps. I think someone in this thread has won a prize.
Shreyas "Spin Slayer" Iyer Please read the above in Aakash Chopra's voice.
1. Bangladesh are hosting, so they pay for most things. 2. Zimbabwe get twice as much ICC funding as Ireland. 3. Everything is cheaper in Zimbabwe than Ireland.
Which makes very little difference to the fortunes of Zimbabwe Cricket and Cricket Ireland, the bodies responsible for shelling out the money required for hosting these matches.
The winner of the previous season usually hosts the final. Delhi and Punjab have been consistently shit.
I think Old Trafford might miss out on hosting rights next year, since they are going to host so many games this season albeit without crowds. Headingley is supposed to host a Test instead of Old Trafford, next year.
Need Bhuvi in the squad for the Adelaide D/N Test.
&gt; Kohli is the greatest Indian Test captain Yeah, no. He is far from a good captain in any format. You can't measure captaincy statistically. Otherwise, Mike Brearly wouldn't be regarded as a great captain.
It is measured by the net effect of a captain's decision making upon his team. A good captain would result in a team performing better than the sum of their parts. Unfortunately, Kohli's captaincy is a net negative for the Indian team. India win despite Kohli's captaincy not because of it. India currently have generational talents in their ranks and they could easily make two strong XIs to compete at the world stage in any format, but due to poor leadership and horrid team management, they have been unable to win the big games.
"I don't need to captain the Indian team at home." ~ Sourav Ganguly
