You violated my mother!
That giant cat fish and snapping turtle in india were pretty crazy too.
Kon
Cats craddle, the best way to befriend your future imouto.
Im still surprised he didn't make that 2014 Sochi Team Canada.
how did they miss that.. literally everyone on ice stopped playing cause they knew it was in.
how does this have anything to do with the goals?
Yeah, and it wasn't like the team was looking for wingers or anything. They frontloaded the team with elite centreman. Somehow Kunitz made it over him lol. Not gonna lie tho Kunitz had a sick goal in the final, but I think G should of had that spot over him.
hockey in the rain
Petey, Boeser, Hughes, Bo, Gaud all get 100+pts simultaneously during the rest of this season
thicc thighs do save lives
T-mobile park now.
[this guy got u](https://old.reddit.com/r/manga/comments/eiqu9m/disc_yin_yori_danjou_wa_nakanaka_susumenai_ch_1/fctm62y/)
Its actually hard for me to see when he shoots the puck his release is so good.
a crowd chanting "go canucks go" sometimes sounds like "coconuts glow"
Nice
I see another Petey point. I like.
Got rung up with a shit call just like Foote in the WJC
Should of been 5min for roughing
Damn. Wayne is lookin old in that Tims commercial.
Don't jinx us with this stat Murph
Jesus what a fuckin shot
Fuck right off
fucking close the doors pls. Did we not learn from Brock?
Pear son is back baby
Wut. Why did stech get a penalty....
Quinn Hughes is so fucking good goddamn
Quinn Hughes 7th overall lol
I think Quinn Hughes first steps were on ice with skates. The way he skates is so smooth and natural is amazes me every time. Can't wait for my skate jersey to arrive with his name.
I can't believe we're actually scoring goals in the second period
HUGGY 🐻
The new year's hangover getting them
Brb heading out to Capilano for Audi #2 for my boy Marky
Wayne confirms that Petey is better
Jesus Brock stop trying to kill Lehner
Edge of his skate broke or something
papa murph
Virts hands have really improved
CAP
How the fuck was that not interference
Jet black Jim
God damn Lehner not having a good time right now
GAAAAUUUUD
Fuuuuuuuuck pls PK
Goddamn that was crazy. So glad we got that 2pts. The boys are fucking rolling right now. 6 in a row BABY!!
Lehner almost died that game. Glad he's ok. What a crazy game.
My Gaud...
Well I hope he's alright. I like when he does good and hes been pretty alright recently.
piss bus floor nasty
149th overall
get two birds stoned at once
Hamhuis was really good at it as well until he got injured in the finals
Luckily he's only 23 so he can mature even further. Hard to remember he came into the league at 19.
not 4 days late this time eh
Where do I go to see the raws?
The world will recognize their Swedish overlords with Marky and Petey in the all star game. Very happy for Marky. Hope he enjoys it.
Markstroms father passed away earlier this season as well. Took a leave of absence to go to back and be with family. [Seems like Flower just wasn't feeling it, like you said. ](https://old.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/ejp1d0/nhl_canucks_goaltender_jacob_markstrom_will/fczfcrf/)
Yeah its pretty incredible how he's managed to play so good with whats happened this year.
Big Sexy the reason the Knights came into existence?
The Titans and Dolphins teaming up to end the Patriots dynasty as we all expected
Wut was that on Petey
Quinn Hughes
thats my all star goaltender
I love my all star goaltender Jacob Markstrom
Quinn Hughes is a vancouver canuck
[same energy](https://i.redd.it/1b84yg1hzne01.jpg)
fuck Memphis
I'm not ready for the disgusting slush mud everywhere
Im just surprised this hasn't happened more often
Marky goddamn
Need to pick up our game. Tampa ain't gonna let all these chances go to waste.
Pretty easy fall their....
Nice passing.. but pls shoot more
Goddamn it
good PK . Now stop taking penalties pls
Petey
Ah damn that was close Roussel
Pretty average first period for the unsustainabowl
He's getting 40 goals this year
Petey literal assassin with the puck. Getting 40g this year book it.
With that goal Petey is on pace for 38 goals.
Miller tongue tied a bit their lol
Murph is gonna be on all the commercials during the breaks soon enough
Lmao. Bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
Tanner "fuckin eh" Pear son
Hands of a god
He smells the piss
That little "oooouoh" Cheech does when someone does a deke always make me laugh
Awwwww fuck that would of been sick
Not so good play by Eddy there
Get the fuck away from huggy bear
Quinn Hughes
Boys falling behind a bit here
Boeser looking pretty damn good
Edler has been shite tonight
Make this PP count boys
Lmao Roussel
Wtf was that really weird play at the blue
Bo is playing so fuckin good lately
Wtf
Man this isn't fuckin good
Don't worry boys we just gotta do what we always do and win da turd
Well fuck. Don't like seeing Marky pulled
6 goals in the second. When this team collapses we dont fuck around. Not the best way to keep this winning streak alive if you ask me.
Jesus even if it didn't count pls stop giving these prime chances up
Such shit line changes Jesus fuck
Save some face here boys
Someone shoot it.. were on a 5v3
Beags ya had plenty of time there lol
I'm starting to think the comeback is slowly slipping away
Oh shit. That was Virts hit wasn't it?
8-2 for tampa
Shouldn't even be a penalty
Lmao fuck off refs
Pls not 10
John Garrett getting upset at the crowd haha
Welp. Let's never do that again boys. That wasn't fun to watch. Definitely not a fan of losing but its hard to be upset when we've won 7 in a row and lose to one of the top teams in the east. Just gotta beat the Panthers next game and hope the boys play better. Let's just hope this is the worst game of the season lol.
I'm not a big fan of these things
Who didnt score a hattrick against us tonight
That ducks game was fucking horrendous
The more important streak that was broken 😔
Its pretty crazy we lose 1 of our last 8 and we still drop out of a playoff spot lol
I read this and think to myself "yes"
It do be like that
If Tampa didnt murder us this never would of been posted. I can't tell if that's good or bad.
Im pretty sure his defensive stats show that he is one of our best defensive forwards lol.
Did they overpay? Yes. But those three players combine for 71pts. Your entire D core has 81pts. Also this isn't even relevant to Couture being injured.
Fuck Mike Matheson
She probably is the danger
That's cause Landy has a huge wrench
Murph eating a pizza for everytime a papa johns Murph commerical airs
Greens hair literally shining like silver
Fuck that clip
Another case for skipping the anthems
Aw shit here we go again
Fuckin rights beags
Boeser goal and Petey assist. I'm a big fan of these things.
Boeser always trying to go top tiddy lol
Our D is shaky as fuck right now
So open he forgot he could deke
Grip your stick harder bud
Wtf is that flashing on my tv
Seriously fuck Mike Matheson
HOW DID VIRTS MISS AAAWWW
Ok our D is literally terrible right now
These fucking pussies better figure out defense
Better at diving than our goalies for sure
Larry fuckin beaut
Almost witnessed Murph get sucker punched by Larry Walker on live tv
What the fuck are we doing
Lmao we lucked out on that
I typed this out before the tripping call lol
Glad he can get it over with before the all-star break at least
Better fuckin score
This is not very fun to watch
Jesus fuck we look so lost
Fuckin win the turd pls
Tanev usually never gets clowned like this. Huberdeau is a fuckin beast.
Canucks and returning struggling goalies to good form. Name a more iconic duo.
Fuck florida
Just keep studying my guy. Don't bother looking any further.
Petey from Hughes and Boeser pls
Fucking rights motte. Play with some fucking energy way to go.
3 goals in under 6min? Tampa did it to us so let's do it to the Panthers
Could use some lowlife peanut butter thugs right now
What the fuck??? Miller got kicked out??
Think he said something to the refs
We haven't won in florida since we got the luongo cap penalty
Looked more like intentionally sabatoging ourselves tbh
hey, thats the same amount of goals they scored on us!
He's really helping Bo and Pearson get points, just somehow not getting any himself.
A 2min interference penalty at most imo. Still, Hall needs to be a little more carefull when going for hits.
I like them but I hope they are not $550 this year
Haha If ppl dont get it, its cause this is the year of the rat.
What the fuck
Lol johns left in disbelief.
They should probably consider a barrier in-between benches lol
Papa Murph new haircut?
Fucking rights JT
Petey point and JT goal? Im a big fan of these things
Forget Florida. We are the best team in the league.
I'm so happy Brock got his scoring touch back. Not that he wasn't playing good but damn he always looked frustrated when he couldn't bury.
I mean Jake is only 23. He's got a lot of time to improve.
That was a good a game. I'm a big fan of these things.
Hes doing what Bure did on the Panthers
Goddamn opera anthems
I could never stand the patriotism that the USA has on a daily basis
Remember when people said Boeser for Zucker 1for1 lol
That's a fucking joke. Incidental contact isn't a fuckin penalty.
bruce boudreau looks like fuckin caillou
How does our PP score so many goals? Do I have high expectations or what. Swear to god our PP is so fickle.
Pretty shit tbh. The wild suck tho so we still 0-0
Lol huggy bear so tired. Or learned from tanev and got high as fuck.
They clip that right after the period ends and then show it on tv
Play the third mic'd up you cowards
Goddamn hockey talk is literally another language
Jim Robson fuckin legend
Quinn Hughes is actually really good at hockey
How the fuck do we have the worst pp in the league yet still have the second most goals on the pp
What in the fuck are we doing
Big time dive by Suter
Looooool
Fuck right off
Bo Horvat is a Vancouver Canuck
TONY FUCKING STRETCHER
No assist for Petey on that? Wtf
Wow the wild fuckin suck
Imagine being a Minnesota Wild fan and watching this mediocrity for their entire life
Duke Boeser the man you cannot kill
Most boring game of the year
Fuuuuuck pls be careful Quinn
True that game was a snooze fest
Lmao "fuck you"
How the fuck does our pp suck so bad
The wild are fucking terrible goddamn we are lucky
That's my fucking all star goalie
Bo and Pearson empty net gods
Give Marky the Hart,the Vezina,the fucking Conne Smythe already. He is so goddamn good.
Best Team in the league. Also best goalie in the league.
How the fuck do you get these out so fast lmao
markstrom highlight package
BISON
Nothing better than slow burn romance
Jacob Markstrom is a Vancouver Canuck
As hilarious as that was, I still hate the shootout.
It is the year of the rat
Sullivan: "one more day off for you sid" Sid: "I am play"
There was no game thread yet and I wanted to post one. Btw fuck this freezing ass weather
Thanks bot. Very cool
Well stay safe my guy. My mum hurt her knees trying to get to work last winter (slipping on ice) and still can't walk the same. If you think you need the day off, take it.
Tyler Myers hattrick calling it now
A safari? Where's the leaf eater?
Reminds me of the porn Buddha from School Rumble, whose name I can't remember.
Can't say I'm a big fan of these things
Remember when Calgary Flames picked Mason McDonald over Thatcher Demko
I'm debating buying 10 jbcs from wendys off skip the dishes right now.. wtf am I doing with my life
Nice! My Hughes skate jersey just arrived the other day! Fuckin skate jerseys are expensive as fuck but I'm happy with it.
Is it just me or does anyone else really dislike the Jets... I don't even know why I dislike them.. maybe I just hate every other Canadian team than the Canucks.
Im so fuckin hungover maybe I do deserve this
"the road trip started in the south, and boy oh boy did it go south fast" damn it Murph
These blue jets jerseys fuckin suck
The fuck are we doing
I'm not a big fan of these things
GRREEEEEEEN FUCKING RIGHTS
Weird spot for the glass to break
Remember when Marky got a penalty playing the puck that far out this year?
Lmao Loui Eriksson is our best forward and Luca Sbisa is their best defenseman
What the hell did Bo and Sbisa eat yesterday
The hell was that bounce off the glass
Jesus fuck who even is this guy
That's because we actually can't. We've lost like 9 in a row to them
Jesus how did Petey get snake bitten in fuckin Winnipeg
Slashing calls are so weak these days
Fuck we really started this one shit
Shit icing call fucked us there
Jesus Christ it's Justin Bourne
Kyle Connor looks like he belongs on trailer park boys holy fuck
I'm in love with Jacob Markstrom
He's Swedish. Not Finnish.
They literally live in Winnipeg. All I feel is pity.
Goddamn that was Timmy Schallatov back inform. Looked like McDavid for a second.
Someone do something
Tip aside I think someone brought Quinn to the Henrik Sedin school of passing first
Can Fucking Luca goddamn Sbisa not do this to us
Jesus fuck you guys see that Forsberg goal...
Why is Luca Sbisa so good right now
Where the fuck was this version of Sbisa when he played for us
Win da turd pls
I mean we aren't playing bad right now. Just can't fuckin score.
Lol. I guess Sidney Crosby is still alright at hockey.
That Tanner Pearson yawn tho
That's just how this shit is going
We should have a fucking million goals tonight
Sbisa again wtf
Our chances at the cup are better than scoring a goal right now
How the ever living fuck have we not scored. So frustrating.
Fuck Off.
I'm actually awed how we didn't score a single goal today
Aw fuck. Going to wendys right now
Ever seen the beginning of Seitokai Yakuindomo season 2?
Woulda been nice to see a list or something of who said teams are.
This manga is damn comfy
https://streamable.com/l93dv Looked like a 2min at most. And this kind of play goes unnoticed lots during games. Still agree the DoPS sucks ass tho
Why does a reporter who never played in the NHL think he knows what the code is
Aren't these the same guys that said Patrick Kane is worse than Bonino?
Jets fans going absolutely bonkers about elbowing calls with that Perreault thread
It was a blessed time when Yugami-kun and this manga were being released at the same time
Soon the painkillers will work just fine on that
Pierre McGuire can sing
BEAGS
Fuck me
Top line winger chapoo
First goal in like 4 periods
Yeah he looks fast
Dekey Petey on full display
Shoutout to Petey for that sick job keeping it in
Bo tho.... Loui probably should of got a penalty tho haha
Gaud really worked in his skating damn he looks good tonight
Was that a loud ass " you fucking cunt" I heard ?
Perreault in shambles after that Virtanen goal
Damn Boeser that was nice
Damn Loui nice one timer
Lmaooo
Empty net kings
Most people would be upset getting hit with an elbow. So he's saying its fine that Perreault is upset at him for it.
/r/hawwkey
Cute chicken noises
At the world championships for Box and [Field lacrosse the Team Iroquois play their own anthem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldgp8O26h9s) which sounds pretty cool. Also, not really related but on the entry of team Iroquois in the Box Worlds this year they walked out to [Stadium Pow Wow by A Tribe Called Red](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m_O7N1TiqM), As a aboriginal myself it was pretty awesome even when I was cheering against them.
Well that was sad..
The real PP 1
Damn Petey what a move
BOOOOO
FUCKIN RIGHTS LOUI
God give us a fuckin Elias one timer. Stop with the posts
Damn the sharks fuckin suck
Petey jamming the upvotes in the game thread
Just ran into Demko again..
Uuugh
Fucking rights Quinn
Did gaud touch that?
Elite Jake is so elite
Biggest babies in the league
Grumpy old man doesn't like youngins beating his team
I like how Tanev was the first one after Joe haha
Fuck em bury another here
the future is now old man!
We did a something for it last year as well. Jerseys are expensive as hell though which sucks, since they look awesome.
I was there.. was fuckin crazy fun
The Florida Man is highly regarded as the most dangerous and volatile predator on Planet Earth
I just want to see Myers and Tryamkin duo at least once in my life. A Brachiosaurus and a Tyrannosaurus on the same D pairing would be hilarious.
This get axed or just not getting translated? It was pretty cute.
Just makes me wonder what Pizza the Hut tasted like.
Finally voted Larry Walker into the Hall
If it would be like that 3rd period vs the Yotes like we had last game against them, I'd be ecstatic. That was some super fun hockey to watch.
This doesn't really look all that bad to me
Yeah Crosby's guy is far removed from the play after he passed the puck. Not really much for him to do.
gross, but thanks boston
Well they won so I guess it worked out.
Same number
where can I get one of these so called "suspicious" maids?
well damn.. im out of luck.
#bringbackthechurros
monster virigin
If I don't see Petey in the hardest shot competition im going to riot
yeah I was just thinking the same thing
Those white stick-in-rink jerseys were filthy
How do they determine what their team strength would be in the pacific division if they have never played in that division?
I'd be down for a Yotes v Canucks first round. I can't remember if we have ever played each other in the post-season.
I mean.. there would be a pretty big leak if he did know. Since it wasn't his business knowing before he was even part of the organization.
I don't mind them that much. The gray definitely sucks (reminds me of the Kings jerseys), but I think the [White version](https://vanbase.ca/collections/all-star-jersey-2020/products/vancouver-canucks-e-pettersson-all-star-jersey-white) should look fine.
God damn Marky is a handsome man.
I mean we got Stecher right now
Chuuni vs Yandere. *aaand* the Yandere takes the first L. Slowly being converted into a Tsundere.
Matthews looks like a 70s pedo
Players talk to each other at players event. More at 11.
Lool Drai what a bum
O'Reilly what a beaut
Too much to clean up targets or what?
The targets are lagging lmao
These lazers are fuckin wack
Petey looks like a lost child
Loooool 100mph
Jesus fuck Weber
He volunteered for the hardest shot
I knew he had improved when I saw him shoot the first one-timer of the season. He missed but the sound it made off the boards was something else.
Lil Wayne - Kobe Bryant
Downvotes galore in this thread wtf. Im happy canucks games are back on. lets gooo
with gravy
I saw those, but that guy that said it was his b-day had a negative score when I commented. Bots or somethin at work I guess.
[lemme introduce you to this thread](https://old.reddit.com/r/canucks/comments/b1knr5/im_going_to_get_my_first_costco_hotdog_tonight/)
Big time ooof
Fuck Petey is so good
Dad strength Bo incoming
No thanks
Loui Eriksson is the only woke player right now
If you can't be naked around your buds. Their not your buddies.
BRANDON SUTTAH
Get Brock a goal pls
Jesus fuck. What the hell are those passes.
Missed like 3 calls on that play. Finally fuckin called one.
JT Miller so fucking hot right now
BIG FUCKIN TUNA WATTTSUP
Hoping for a JT Miller hatty
Anyone hear Surreys mayor is going to fine Uber and Lyft drivers.. can't believe we have such a fucking 🤡 as our mayor.
So we playing really damn good vs the best in the west. I'm a big fan of these things.
Surpassed his last season point total with that. JT Miler was really worth that 1st round pick.
My mom just likened Ian MacIntyre to a lizard. Loool
This Jake Petey JT line is actually so fuckin good
Holy fuck dad version of Bo is so good
Oooouoh god damn hockey gaud so close
Fuck Beagle is a beauty
Man when we need to we fuckin suck at clearing the puck
THATCHER HOLY FUCK
Put the fuckin dagger in here boys
Our PP1 is a serious god damn problem
Bo with a goal for his new son. All thanks to Loui. That was like a playoff game holy... Also Thatcher Demko is a Vancouver Canuck. Loui Eriksson the empty net god
That was like a playoff game. Very nice hockey to come back too after the break.
He's been doing really good lately. Wish it was like this earlier in his contract.
Yeah.. Ferland should just hang em up. Head injuries can ruin your life. He's been paid. Should think of the future.
What else could it be? Hasn't played since that fight against LA.
Oh okay. Either way I think he should be done. Getting hurt so many times... not good for you physically or mentally.
I played lacrosse. I got multiple concussions. Where did I ever say I was a doctor or respectible source? Im just thinking whats best for the guy.
btw if you think the title of this is weird I was just quoting the Paul Rudd meme.
Reddit has glitched crazy today. It shows that u posted like 5 times
I mean..... I've seen far worse in junior. This was very deserving of a suspension. But it's hardly the worst hit I've seen in juniors.
Ryan Miller was actually so good for us. A shame it was during a period when the team was shit cause his play was really good.
Damn they look still asleep
The hell are we doing
Best shift so far
Fuckin rights Quinn
Quinn Hughes is actually a Vancouver Canuck
Our D is still shaky as fuck right now
I'll be the sacrifice I guess.
Brandon Sutta
He left the game early
Who are these dudes
I want a Petey 103mph one timer this period
Juice and Kassian fought off ice? Lol
Boeser is looking good today
Petey looked pretty mad turning around there. 100+mph bomb incoming.
The fuck is our D smoking tonight
What the hell was that Karlsson
Looked like his shoulder
Stay the fuck off of huggy bear
At least we got a shot off
Markstrom just saying fuck it I'll do it myself if I have to
Lmao Petey always taps the puck back in
Ooooh fuck that's bad
Stop hurting our players please
Why do they never shoot the damn puck
Damn that was sexy virts
I'm a big fan of this new version of Virtanen
Damn Petey
Get Loui out there
Another 40 save game by Marky. Guy is absolutely unreal this year it's awesome to see. Also Tanner Pearson and Loui Eriksson the empty net gang
The sharks were doomed as soon as we put the empty net gang Tanner Pearson and Loui Eriksson on the ice
that pad stack counts as multiple saves
"What exactly is this" I mean it's pretty self explanatory
Does he look absolutely massive in his profile pic or is it just me? Just look how he dwarfs petey in his first post.. in awe at the size of him.
Were gonna get Bailey back 2 back hattricks in the nhl too
Do Heiskanen and Klingberg play together? That seems like a pretty decent pairing in my mind. Don't play the Stars enough to know.
[Him and Niedermayer have won championships at basically every level. ](https://ducksnpucks.wordpress.com/2016/09/29/corey-perry-joins-scott-niedermayer-in-championship-record/) &gt;Perry joins Scott Niedermayer as only the second player ever to win six different hockey championships. Both players have won the Stanley Cup, Olympic gold medal, World Championship, World Junior Championship, Memorial Cup, and Canada/World Cup title
Seems they are a perfect fit for each other
Derek Dietrich enjoyed hovering over the plate on purpose so he could get hit on his elbow protector quite a few times last season. Worked pretty well for him too.
Also what appears to be an elk or moose in the background right [beside the bison at the start](https://i.gyazo.com/69e0ea2c2ef97735043209a721d5ff7d.png). Too hard to tell cause of the quality and distance.
Dustin Brown looks pretty innocent on this play. Seemed like the contact was more from OEL trying to dodge the check.
Also half robot
[Yeah I think it fits the size of a female](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Duane_Keisler/publication/281145812/figure/fig2/AS:267654707544079@1440825263119/Female-American-bison-Bison-bison-in-Yellowstone-National-Park-United-States.png).
I feel like these lusa tribe members that are supposed to be down there are probably just bones or gone
those hips tho
[reminds me of that guy that stole a LA kings championship banner](https://old.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/fpm4vu/in_2012_i_stole_a_la_kings_championship_banner_a/) /u/Junk_Life
I think its a monthly series. The translation on mangadex is currently caught up to the original as well.
Bottom-Tier Character Tomozaki i think
make a new comment with this solved = *series name here*
Its not. Just an original art piece.
&lt;Guarding&gt;
Yeah Markstrom MVP. And #2 would be Jimothy Timothy and then Petey, Hughes and Bo tied at #3.
ref almost fucked him over there when he tried to grab him
&gt;Bo is the biggest negative on our team. No single player has as negative of an impact on our success as Bo Horvat. lol
nice that this is back
Sleeping Tree Sap fucks you up tho
damn I love this series.
If your talking just top 15 in player scoring that year, the 2002-03 Devils leading scorer Patrik Elias had 57 points. He wasn't even in the top 50 for points that year.
Also was tied at 15th for points that year as well.
And was still only 7th in the league lmao. Crazy stuff.
I believe its this? &gt;Police acted today on a BC Supreme Court injunction obtained by the Vancouver Fraser Port Authority in response to an unauthorized encampment on Port property near Crab Park. The 46 people who refused to leave have been arrested for civil contempt of court http://ow.ly/65jR50A9R86 https://twitter.com/VancouverPD/status/1273121235229200388
russian brand of sunflower seeds
Is that really true? I heard that Sid made Mario pick up his dogs shit at Mario's own house. How much does he *really* respect him?
I want to bring back the blue and maroon orca alternate from the early 2000s lol
Oh this got serialized. Nice.
[Obligatory Onion article about the fallout in Raleigh after the win](https://sports.theonion.com/carolina-residents-confused-terrified-as-victorious-hu-1819568534)
[rounding up the boys for covid-19 testing](https://streamable.com/ze51f9)
right in time for some team to get a bunch of positive covid-19 tests for their staff and players. nice.
the bob father just confirmed it was the lightning https://twitter.com/TSNBobMcKenzie/status/1274029284907085824
Wasn't really being negative but ok. Just found it funny at the timing. Bob McKenzie just confirmed the Lightning had some players and staff test positive not long after the briefing.
Kinda dumb comparison anyhow. Imagine if Gretzky got the same training and technology to help him improve his game as McDavid had. Who knows what he'd look as a player now.
Lol. And McDavid maybe never plays again due to his knee injury not being properly cared for.
Nozaki is too good at catfishing
Kuchi Ga Saketemo Kimi Niwa https://mangadex.org/chapter/893211/1 I recommend the authors other work as well since its pretty cute too.
i wanna marry him
Depends where you live. 48 bucks is like one 15 case + a mickey here in Canada (BC where I live). If your spending that a week that ain't bad at all.
Yeah, a good bottle of hard liquor is at least like 35 bucks for a 26. If im buying that tho I usually just get a 26 of absolut. Which is like 28 bucks.
if you want a decent martial arts manwha maybe &lt;Yongbi the Invincible&gt; would be up your alley.
The translators currently working on it usually do batch uploads. So it takes a bit longer to update than other stuff.
Could say it's sugoi dekai
Japanese cold takes another victim
I don't know if this is right but the girls design reminds me a lot of the girl from &lt;Yamaguchi-kun wa warukunai&gt;
Trevor Linden, Daniel Alfredsson (even tho he's Swedish), Jarome Iginla, and 'Burnaby Joe' Sakic were basically the guys I thought of when hockey was talked about back in the day.
Don't know why I forgot him 😔
guess it was the wrong sub for this joke. On /r/canucks iMac is always talked about as a lizard.
nvm he doesnt wear a striped tie in that for his school uni, plus her hair is too bright.
Yeah, he looks at lot like the senpai character from the manga I thought it was. But I haven't read it in a while so I check the first chapter and the tie was different. the reverse google search was.... uh not helpful this time either. So many goddamn fanfic writers use this pic its unreal.
I wish Pintrest/Animo/Wattpad/Tumblr users actually sourced their posts. Would make it so much easier.
namo-sensei was sent from the gods just to bless us with some good shit
shinobu this chapter got me like [cuuuuuute](//#3k_irl) ^^^^^^until ^^^^^^she ^^^^^^started ^^^^^^eating
True japanese shameplay.... calling someone by their first name repeatedly.
maybe &lt;Gamaran&gt; ?
That hit was so clean and absolutely massive. I've been hit like that in lacrosse, and I was so winded I could barely stand and had to walk to the bench keeled over.. Pretty sure thats what Toews felt like in that moment.
So the most effective zone entry and exit players.. not puck carriers. I feel like "Puck Carrier" takes on how much time they control the puck in whatever zone (Like McDavid probably holds the puck long as hell in the Offensive Zone). Not just how they entry or exit. Still a good stat list to know since entries and exits are pretty damn important.
Just to make sure, im not blaming you at all. Oddly worded tweet though.
