It's required in the sense that you'd be stupid not to take it. Before it was required in the sense that you better not play the ship without it at all. Minor difference but now an Aki without IFHE can at least have an impact unlike before pretty much. But I agree 32mm is a bit overkill.
Although the new x3 bonus you can apply 5 times a day is a really nice touch imo. If you don't play a lot it really accelerates your grind.
I was more referring to it being in MM for jets rather than specifically for the 163.
For me at least it's usually a big difference whether the area i would be touching is clothed or bare. I'd be more insecure if i was posing with a really skimpy LoL cosplay than something more covered. But maybe that's just me being weird.
I'm always super happy when my girl friends go for a hug. But until i know them better and they've done it a couple of times i'm always scared to go for the hug myself.
I think you're overestimating the farsight of the average leaver. I talked to one for example who's only reason for voting leave was "I don't like Cameron". And a bunch of people got suckered in by lies like right after Brexit we'll get billions more for the NHS.
Why are gay men more likely to consume meth? Is there some correlation with something? Genuinely curious it's not a connection I would have made in my head.
Interesting thanks for clearing that up!
Basically they're testing making the AA more linear. Right now a lot of the damage gets distributed among planes which leads to a situation where at the beggining barely any planes will die and then like 5 or six will drop in seconds. They're testing applying it to one plane at a time so you get more consistency out of AA. Instead of no planes shot down for 40 seconds then 8 dieing in 10 you'd get like 6 dieing in the 40s and another 2 in the last 10s.
Most of the pictures I have of a friend of mine is her taking selfies in different situations trying to tell me something about her day. Stuff like "I'm so beat right now" making an exhausted face while lying on the bed. I really enjoy when she does that but it's just not something that would ever occur to me.
I'm fine with people taking lots of selfies. A friend of mine sends me a lot of selfies of her in everyday situations to add some illustration to a quick story. I like it when she does that because it makes me feel like she's making an effort to let me be a part of her day. It's just something that would never occur to me.
I'm in this picture and I don't like it.
I don't need to become a well respected famous person to feel of value it's more the little things for me. I'm 23 and I've never had a positive experience with romance for example. Now objectively looking at it that isn't too bad ideally I still have loads of time to find someone . But at the same time I look at my peers and everyone has been in multiple relationships or is in one right now. I just feel like I'm doing something wrong or that I'm just a shitty person noone would want to be with. Getting laid is not a problem but of the two girls I actually had feelings for both knew me well and neither were interested in being anything other than friends. I don't blame them and that's just something that happens but it still makes me feel like an undateable sack of shit.
Wait a second is this purely a meme or are there actually people out there Photoshopping their hands to be bigger?
I realize that the guy in the pic is a comedy character but the meme seems to reference something people actually do? I mean i wouldn't be shocked given how some people shop themselves to look like ogres but i'd still be surprised that shopping hands is a thing.
I'm gonna get murdered by Valery Legasov. That's gonna be intresting given that he's been dead for decades.
She breathes - she's a thot Maybe?
Oh i know as much that they wouldn't go away instantly. It'd just be nice to be wanted by someone at least once i guess. The waiting thing bothers me mainly because i'm afraid that once i actually find someone i'm gonna screw it up for a lack of experience. Can't confirm the second point. Both of the girls i've actually fallen for have been friends that is true but i have a bunch of girl friends that i have no romantic intrest in whatsoever. I've heard that third point a lot. I really don't believe it's that easy. There's been plenty of times where i was perfectly happy with who i was that changed nothing. I might sound a bit sadder right now than i am usually. The second rejection is still pretty recent. But thanks for taking the time and writing down some advice!
Big thanks for including the fates of so many minor characters at the end. Really adds to the impact.
That's just how the ~~mafia~~ RBMK reactor works!
I agree but i still sort of feel for the real life person. Apparently in an interview shortly before his death he was still droning on about "we pressed the AZ-5 button." The guy was a shithead for sure but the one thing that isn't his fault is not knowing that the AZ5 button is not the failsafe it was supposed to be.
Ah thanks for clearing that up. Just remembered trump having some insecurities about that so i thought it might be something other people worry about.
Varys puking was actually foreshadowing of comrade Dyatlov puking after going towards the core.
Yeah there's like 12 actors from GoT in chernobyl. Commander Mormont is one of the miners and Roose Bolton is the prosecutor in episode 5. Maester luwin, one of Jon's friends from the NW and one of ed sheerans singing friends also had roles.
But in this case the guy is "manipulating" the company into doing something. Doesn't really have the same sinister implication imo.
Stop spreading misinformation. The government ordered a safety inspection of all nuclear plants and announced they would not renew authorisation to run them down the line so as to shut them all down during the 2020s. Since then only like one plant has shut down which was slated to be closed anyway because it was old and well known for mishaps.
Yeah theons first mate.
Although some of them are surprisingly small roles. Commander mormont shows up in like 1 scene as a background character.
What about graphite brick &gt; bricks?
He was perfect for that role of the general.
He is delusional. Take him to Qyburn. Give him milk of the poppy.
Those events i don't think are as well suited for TV. What would you make 5 episodes of tianmen square about? There is no huge clean up no well documented characters etc.
I thought of that one too but i don't think it serves the format well. The great thing about chernobyl is how well it lends itself to the format. You have the immediate response, months long cleanup and prosecution. the Bhopal disaster i feel would be more like episode 1 and 5 with nothing to fill the ones in between.
Once again i dont know what you would fill 5 episodes with. It would be basically be episode 1 and 5 with nothing to fill the ones in between. The thing that makes watching the chernobyl cleanup so exciting is the gravity of the ongoing situation.
What would you fill 5 episodes with though. A movie would work but you'd basically have episode 1 and 5 with no 2 3 and 4. There's no clean up to speak off, no implication to the survivability of a continent no everyday heroes risking their lives to save millions. If you want those events as a mini series each you could make one about any aircrash on mayday.
The nuke wasn't lost. They found it pretty quickly.
I agree. So many of these propositions just dont have the gravity or longevity to justify 5 hours of TV. No months long immediate consequences to cover etc. By that logic you could turn any episode of mayday into a 5 episode mini series.
One of the first good suggestions i've heard. Where there's actual material to fill episode 2-4
Someone add a road sign that says the fans are going to Chernobyl.
I don't consider something lost because it flew a couple of hundred feet that had been cordoned off by airforce personell anyway. The bombs at palomares in the sea can be considered lost but there was pretty much no chance of that bomb just disappearing. at that point you're just playing word games. iirc they literally found it the next morning once they dared go near the silo.
Have you watched the latest GoT season? I think she's the woman Arya tried to rescue.
Just gonna note that the control rods had nothing to do with Fukushima as they did in Chernobyl. Also it's containment. Confinement is actually exactly what you would call the Chernobyl style of reactor according to Wikipedia.
Agreed the blame game is stupid. But I can see why people get tired of having their country demonized way more often just because a former enemy makes most of the entertainment.
That same book also mentions palomares where they had to remove a lot of soil and points out that the goldsboro incident avoided nuclear yield only by a single switch. Im totally with you that often these incidents are blown out of proportion though.
If anything that would make it stereotypical and ridiculous. The actors all speak the same language as did the russians and Ukrainians actually present. Why should they pretend to have bad russian accents?
I'd still argue the fate of that firefighter and his wife is much worse. But it's not a competition.
If anything the word has been watered down. People throw it around for the dumbest shit online all the time. I'd really struggle to give you a definition of what it means that applies to everyone using it.
That but some people also just use it for people very infatuated with the Wehrmacht. Pretty common among games with a WW2 setting especially once vehicles are involved. I usually give those the benefit of the doubt of not actually thinking like Nazis but just being infatuated with tiger tanks bf 109s etc.
I think the clean Wehrmacht idiots should be mentioned separately to people having a hard on for tigers. Especially when playing something like world of tanks there are bound to be lots of people really into those vehicles without actually supporting any of the mentality behind it. I mean if that was the case the tiger day of the bovington tank museum could be classified as a nazi rally.
Do people in the US not have self locking doors?
I can sort of see the point of disliking this ever turning wheel of offensive words. Take the whole retard-mongoloid-idiot thing for example. I hear a lot of people now getting offended at the word retard. So they came up with a new word for the learning impaired. At one point idiot was a medical term. Now it's just an insult. Give it another 30 years and retard will just be an insult. Now obviously this isn't bad or hard to adhere to but it does seem kinda pointless to me. People complaining about the medical usage of the words are just being obtuse to be mad about something. The doctors don't hate a patient they call a retard, other people just co-opt the word to be an insult like they do for thousands of other words.
Intend is the wrong word I agree. One example that comes to mind is people getting offended by someone saying that being gay is "not normal". I think that depends on what you perceive to be normal. If being normal means being like the majority of a set of people / things then being gay is not normal because statistically most people are straight. If you consider normal to mean "totally ok with no harm done" then obviously being gay is totally normal. Now put two opinionated people with these differing views in a room and watch the fireworks.
I guess that response sort of illustrates the point though? You can call something unnatural and still be fine with it. Our entire world is technically unnatural with how much we changed it and many people still like it. You can make the statement that being gay is not the norm because statistically speaking most people are straight and still not have an issue with people being gay. Yet some people would rip your head off for that statement alone because they just infer that you saying that means you also hate gay people.
So you're saying you were on the Toilet? Spoken like a true Dyatlov.
Still doesn't make sense. If you want to desperately get rid of it sell it to someone on ebay for 50 bucks.
Des Moines had 9 guns.
I would agree but given that we now have giant killer sharks some anti fish weaponry would be good to have. Don't you think they'd put weapons on rescue boats if the north sea was prowled by aggresive 50 meter sharks?
Why would that matter? Warthunder really doesnt reward bow in tanking like world of warships does. Better to get all your guns firing.
Looking at this from a foreigners perspective i gotta be honest i'm a bit worried to see the same confidence i saw in 2015-2016. I really hope you vote the guy out but please don't pat yourself on the back just yet.
There's a bunch of people out there that are complete asshats with their titles and have to rub it in everyone's face. I have no trouble believing this guy is just one of those. Especially fascinating are the people that include every single one of their academic degrees when ordering a 10 euro mug from a fan shop of two cartoon characters that were big in the 70s and even then only regionally.
That still doesn't make it feel good for those people. If you used that argument on someone changing the side of the road because of a black person because they were mugged a couple of times i don't think that would be as popular a sentiment. I don't blame the girls for it as i don't blame people in my example giving in to baser instincts rather than an actual risk calculation. Looking at it objectively it doesn't make it any less shitty towards the person being treated worse because people they share physical traits with are shitty.
This brings the amount of incidents with reddit screaming "Now this will get him impeached dis time we got him bois" to 543! I really sympathize with the sane half of america having to deal with that oaf can't be easy. But i can't help but notice people patting themselves on the back each time he does something stupid and he just keeps on trucking.
I wish my body would make people as hot as a nuclear bomb.
It hasn't happened to me yet (so far only 1 and the second time is still pretty fresh so not sure how that turns out) but i've heard from a couple of people that there's a third option where after a while you just go back to being friends and it's kinda better because if you managed to move on there's now nothing between you to ruin the friendship anymore. Some of them had this happen at like 25 and still have their best friend and 55 both married but they still like each other a lot. I'm kinda hoping my current situation becomes like that because i doubt 2 is possible and i don't wanna lose her like in 1.
Everytime i see people be this extremist about it it always seems to be solely about sex. I don't get that. The difference between girls i've been in love with and girls i wanted to and have fucked with no deeper intention has always been that for the former sex wasn't the driving factor. The reason i want to date those girls is because i would like to spend more time with them than i spend with someone who is just a friend. Especially mundane times like just waking up each morning.
Finishing and realizing that you just kinda wished it wasn't your f+ but your friend you've had for years.
I did ask maybe i should have made that clearer. I'm just saying i don't know whether it will lead to us being good friends in a couple of year or whether it really goes away over time. it's only been a month.
*Angry Legasov Noises*
Those have 3 stripes. 2 is either flight engineer if that plane still had one, chief flight attendant (depending on airline) or a trainee.
Fun fact it's the other way around for helicopters.
Not really true in all cases. I've only taken rejection really badly twice so far. Both times i'd fallen for long time friends that just didnt feel that way about me. Both times i had guy and girl friends more than willing to listen to my rambling and being there for me when i needed someone to listen. Even people i barely know online have usually been supportive along the lines of "we don't choose who we develop feelings for". It's a lot about how you complain about it. Saying you're very sad and disappointed and that you feel unloveable and undesirable are all perfectly understandable relatable feelings for anyone but the physically flawless. When you go on about how someone "owes" you a chance just because you asked or because you're their friends that is when a lot of people will, rightfully, turn against you.
That depends a whooole lot on your choice of friends. My male friends have been nothing but supportive when i was a complete nervous wreck both times i thought i'd ruined a year long friendship because i caught the feels. Objectively most of my rambling was pretty pathetic. The image of a jealous loser with the confidence of a dead maggot. But unless you're one of the physically flawless people can relate. They've been through the same shit and most of the responses i've had were along the lines of "don't worry just give things time to go back to normal. It's not your fault you caught feels for someone you spend so much time with. We don't choose who we love". None of the people i would consider friends have ever treated me in demeaning ways for being emotional about stuff. The only time i had that was some guys i barely knew repeatedly calling me a cuck for hanging out with my best friend without fucking her. I just removed myself from that situation. No reason to have people like that in your life.
It depends a lot on who you choose to be friends with. I feel perfectly comfortable messaging my friends (pretty much all guys) about my emotional breakdowns and i've never been demeaned or ridiculed for doing so. Granted it's not that common for me. So far it's only been when i really thought i'd screwed up relationships with year long friends that i caught the feels for. But they were always there for me none the less.
Getting a message from my friend about something stupid or a meme. I'm still constantly worried i screwed up our friendship and those little things make me feel like it's still there.
Getting a message from my friend about something stupid or a meme. I'm still constantly worried i screwed up our friendship and those little things make me feel like it's still there.
Getting a message from my friend about something stupid or a meme. I'm still constantly worried i screwed up our friendship and those little things make me feel like it's still there.
I will not suck a company PR persons dick online because they do their PR Job. This is literally what you sign up for when you become the spokesperson of a company this bad at listening to the community. Name one example where we got what we wanted from WG by the so often asked for "civility". They only react to shitstorms they've proven that many times.
Beating a top clan in CW means absolutely jack shit. My crappy weeb typhoon clan has beaten Omni Rain and all the other big names at least once or twice. That doesn't mean we're as good or better. That just means they screwed up once or we got lucky.
Getting to know people can throw a lot of physical attraction out of the window. It certainly matters but more so when trying to actively date and when you're younger. Otherwise why would there be so many couples where on part is really out of shape and the other looks decent? I have a friend I have feelings for and that makes me think she's very beautiful. She's certainly handsome objectively but if I just met her at a bar I might think she has a few too many kilos and other small stuff like that. Another friend of mine is an average dude but dating a complete "hamplanet". Most guys would be kinda disgusted at the idea but he loves her so I'm not gonna judge that.
Maybe theyre just like me and hate the whole idea of "dating". It's exhausting and annoying to keep looking or be vary to be attractive and not friendly to people you like. I can't pretend to care much about people I barely know. Maybe that mindset is just outdated as fuck and I'm doomed to die alone ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
That seems like a bit of a harsh critique on us men in that sort of situation. I can only speak for myself but just because I caught the feels for my friend doesn't mean everything I did was just to get in her pants. Most of the time I don't even realize I'm starting to wish for more with something. Then something happens that makes me realize it and then what do I do? I'm not nice and caring about her because I want to fuck her I am because I really like her and enjoy her company. And I didn't want it to turn into a relationship because I wanted my dick inside her but honestly rather because I just wanted to spend more time with her.
In their defense I'm sure some of the dudes were also kinda protecting themselves instead of just being malicious. Developing feelings for people happens and if it does and they start seeing other people you only have a couple of options. Pretend everything is fine and keep the frustrations pent up (not a good idea long term trust me), actually accept it completely (hard for a lot of people) or you remove yourself from the situation for a while because you don't want to make yourself suffer with jealousy. At least it's better than throwing a hissy fit about being friendzoned?
To be fair some of that happens to us too. I had a tinder date go on about how much she enjoyed looking at my crotch ones claiming I "sat there obviously". No I was just sitting on the grass like I always do.
Well I'm taller than most women so technically the truth. In all seriousness though I can't confirm that. I'm prone to look down on some people for the jobs they work but gender never really played into it much. It might be different if I was in the army or something I admit. Some 2m drill sergeant is probably more intimidating than a 1.6m woman. But in my usual environment in uni I don't really get that feeling.
Can you list some examples? I can think of a few where I probably would but in my day to day life I don't really get into those situations.
That's not what happens a lot of the time though. So far i've only actaully fallen in love with 2 women. Both year long friends. With both of them when i met them and started being friends i would have laughed you out of the room for suggesting i'd fall for them in the future. Even when we started spending more time together i couldn't see myself in a relationship with those 2. But then you fast forward 2 years, get to know a lot of their funny quirks some reasons for why some of their weird aspects are the way they are etc and suddenly something happens that makes you realize you want to wake up next to that person not just talk to them every few days. At least that's the way it was for me. I have no issues getting laid. The problem with those 2 was the fact that i wanted more than just get laid. I wouldn't cry for several days and feel like a complete wreck because i didn't get my dick wet. I cried because i was afraid of having ruined a friendship that i still very much care about because i'm afraid she thinks of it exactly as you described.
Shitty mindset to have though. Especially the black belts in our dojo will tell you to be deescalating. It's just the smarter choice. Also the colours mean somethin but they don't say that much about who'd be great in a fight. There's a yellow belt in our group that i would much less want to fight than some of your blue belts. The higher belts are mostly about complicated techniques etc. But if you actually go to the ground he'll fuck up most people present because he's very strong, knows a lot of dirty tricks etc.
Harder Daddy! What? What?
I remember a couple of weeks ago during training several people asked me whether they had wronged me because i apparently had a look on my face like i wanted to slit their throats. I felt pretty bad about that because they didnt do anything wrong and it was just me being sad and hating myself.
Depends a lot on what got me hot i find. Just jerkin one out to pass the time? Nah no second round. Some girl i'm reaally into sending me nudes? Queue the rocky music we're going on a montage.
Thats when you plank at like 45° to get your dick as close to the bowl as possible!
I think that depends a lot of how often you go out to dinner and how much time you spend together. If you go out to eat like every day it stops being something special and if you spend a lot of time together outside of that not every second needs to be a conversation. Or when i'm with friends after partying i don't mind them browsing reddit for a while while i watch a star trek episode. I find it hard to make 24/7 conversation. Sometimes it's nice to just enjoy having them in the room and occasionally showing you a meme.
Those weird quirks that just make them endearing and just doing stupid shit with you. My best friend will make all sorts of contraption to blowdry herself as effectively and lazily as possible. Not even coming out of the shower or because she's cold. She just likes the feeling of being blasted with hot air. I find it so endearing. Or when we spend 2 hours straight badly singing along to stereotypical sailor songs where most other people would claw their ears out listening to us.
I just wish the Type 61 wasn't so god damn garbage. I hate it even more with the trashy alpha now.
3.6 - not great, not terrible.
YOU NEED TO HAVE SOME FAITH ~~ARTHUR~~ CatsAreFuzzy!
Personally i hate the Type-61 even more now. The gun still doesnt hit shit very often and now i get less damage for each hit. When was the last time DPM actually mattered in this game?
Well if you tank has to rely on the enemy being shit it's not that great a tank imo. That scenario also only really works in a 1v1. I see the point for tanks like russki mediums which have some armor to brawl with but the Type-61 is just trash at pretty much everything. Like name one situation where you'd rather be in a Type-61 than in another tier 9 medium. Brawl? T-54 or other similar meds. Sniping? Pretty much all other L7 tanks are better. Poking ridges? Centurion has way better turret armor and no ginormous cupola on top of the paper turret and it hits harder than you too.
You can see a difference in approaches already. They're pushing way more for care robots etc than just importing cheap labour from poorer countries. History will show what will work better i guess.
Smoking not being the cool thing to do anymore in media etc certainly helped with the decline though. Smoking used to be something the cool action hero did now it isn't except for marlboro ads. Maybe shaming is the wrong word but not presenting something as cool certainly has an affect.
I mean except for rape they're always 50% responsible. Both sexes have access to birth control and i think the cases where both partners have conditions that prevent all contraception are rare. I'm the last person to advocate for abstinence as birth control but if you're out with a dude you really wanna shag but you can't possibly find a condom AND are unable to get a morning after pill maybe just postpone it to the next date?
How is it a lol nope for contraception? Is this an american thing i'm too european to understand?
I would really like to see all those city fights where you trade 1:2 with all the low DPM high alpha tanks. I'm sorry for obviously not being on your godlike level :(
That was something the parents did because of the one child policy that ended a couple of years ago. It was never a thing the government did. It was parents thinking if they were only going to have one child it should be a man to take better care of them later in life.
I'm not saying it's fair. Life isn't fair. I'm saying it's not malicious intent in all cases. At least some of them didn't think "How can i fuck my friend / how can i hurt her as much as possible". They just don't know how to deal with their feelings in other ways. I originally intended this comment as encouraging. At least for me it would be easier to deal with the fact that a friend abandoned me because they're hurting because they had genuine feelings for me rather than our friendship being a lie because all they cared about was my genitals. The commenter above me mentioned how degrading and dehumanizing it felt and i wanted to offer a perspective where it doesn't have to. Some of those people will not have left because all they see in you is a vagina and tits but rather because they see you as a great person they would wanna be with but can't. Also at least i would want all my friends to value their emotional safety over our friendship. Mainly because a friendship that has one party constantly hurting over it will never end well. What's better? Losing that friend now or losing them in a few years when the friendship has degraded because of them suffering? Some people can just deal with it and stay friends some need their space. That's not being an asshole that's taking care of your own mental health which should always be a priority imo.
I don't see how i'm belittling their experiences. Have you looked at the opposite of this thread btw? The one asking women about what they think is hardest about being a man? A lot of them talk about how hard it must be to just have your feelings dismissed and being told to just take it. Which is exactly what i see in this thread on this topic a lot. Apparently men can't develop genuine feelings for a friend that become painful when the girl doesn't feel the same way (which is her every right) because all we care about is sex? That's just not true yet see so many people here just talking about how bad the guys are for not just swallowing their feelings and even claiming that if they do have feelings the friendship was just a ruse all along to get into the girls pants. How is that not belittling men as being basic to the core thinking about nothing but sex? If a girl complained about being into her friend and him not being into her would you immediately jump to the conclusion that she was faking the friendship all along just trying to get to his dick? Would you blame her for getting some space the same way you seem to be blaming guys for it?
My example would be me being very angry at myself and just wanting to be alone. Someone doesn't get the hint after the third time or so i'll just sound very annoyed and leave. Somehow that makes me the bad guy. I just don't want to talk about anything right now leave me alone.
That is obviously retarded. The bible belt is so weird.
It's different for all men. Some just cast a line with almost any reasonably good looking girl they see and see what comes of it. Some others (me among them) get fairly invested before making a move. It's not a smart choice but it's how my brain/heart works. There's also different kinds of rejection i find. Are you asking for a date or are you asking them to be your girlfriend? Me asking a girl out to dinner once in a blue moon doesn't hurt much when she says no. Getting rejected by a girl i've known for years and have really fallen for is definitely heartbreaking.
Friend of mine used a dating App for two months. It's one that shows girls everyone that likes them. 35.000 likes. I've been on that site for something like 3 years and have barely got a 1000.
Yeah that shit is weird. I had an incident like that with a friend with benefits once. We're sitting on my bed and i ask if she's in the mood she just says nah but keeps smirking at me and asks how long i didn't get off. That went on for a few minutes until she asked how hard i'm "trying to hold myself back" so i just went "do you actually want me to hold back?" when she finally relented and we could get on with adult business instead of that weird non consent game. If that's your kink cool but tell me about it in advance.
Chasing just seems like a weird choice of words in that case though doesn't it? You're already a couple. If anything it should be trying something to keep the girl. I wouldn't want a relationship with the girl purposefully getting more distant to give me a reason to chase. That sounds horrible.
People keep coming back to the fucking thing. I'm not investing anything into her that i wouldn't invest in any other friend because for the first few years of knowing her i didn't want to fuck her. And even now the only reason i want to fuck her is because it comes with a healthy relationship for most people. I don't want to be with her to fuck her i want to be with her because i want to spend more time with her than i'd get to spend with just a friend.
Eh i guess it's a bit different? One is something you have to actively invest time and effort into and do repeatedly. The other is throwing a tiny plastic packaging into your wallet and replacing it once a year. I always just have one in there just in case. It's been useful once or twice.
Eh it's behind the credit cards so it doesn't get bent and in storage they're supposed to last 3 years. The inside of the packaging is lubcricated anyway and that part of the wallet really doesn't grind around. 1 year max is just a common recommendation i've read. I think it would last longer than that honestly.
Of course they can but if we're already at the stage where it's time to put on the condom i think that'd be an unnecessary hassle wouldn't you agree?
Literally the only thing i'm saying is that someone having feelings for you and leaving when they aren't reciprocatedthat doesn't mean anything they ever did for and with you had an ulterior motive. You sound like someone accusing every doctor of letting people die because they hate people when in reality doctors are just fallible and screw up. You'd think they'd enjoy you telling them how horrible and animalistic they are everytime they lose a patient? They're not enjoying the experience either but because some have a god complex it's obviously alright to go running around screaming about how they all hate people.
Should have worded it better. I'm not trying to say my version of events is the more common one i was trying to say that it also happens oftne enough not to be discounted. And i wanted to point out that just because someone develops feeling for you that doesn't mean the entire friendship was a ruse to get in your pants.
Ah thanks for clearing that up. From reading and responding to a lot of other comments i was still in the mindset of "friend falling for year long friend and being rejected". My bad.
That added perspective helps a lot. I thought whether you might have had something personal along those lines recently because you seemed very angry at me and very convinced that i just think with my dick. No hard feelings i gotta admit this subject is a little closer to my heart right now than usual too. It's only been a month since i've been in that situation where i had to choose between keeping quiet about my feelings or risking my friendship with that woman tryingto get some clarity in my head. So i'm still very much worried she might think it was all just an act these last few years. I hope your friend has more luck in the future and you too. It's shit when people play with other peoples feeling or try to take advantage of their grief.
Hey some guys are just softies inside!
Pants suits are for old women? Amy Santiago wants to know your location.
Kinda agreed on all counts except heels. Those just seem uncomfortable.
Honestly yeah. I don't get piss on my hands doing the shake. It flies forward and my hand is further back. When there's a drop left it goes into the underpants not my hand lol.
The front part of the underwear sure? You don't even have to expose your buttocks for that.
I really struggle to see the urinal where you can possibly pee on your feet. Like what the fuck?
Stalingrad has its reputation because it screws with the BB limit in CW. It creates crossfires almost as well as a BB without taking a BB slot. If you could bring 2 BBs I don't think any top clans would run Stalin OR Moskva anymore.
I guess it's just standard attire for a lot of young women in bank jobs so you see a lot of them around here.
Not all underwear even has a fly these days. I think of all the underpants i own one has an actual fly. Just opening your pants and pulling them down like 10cm is 100% less constricting than wiggling your dick through the underpants fly and then the normal pants fly. If you're talking about a pants fly that's not the reason otherwise why would women's pants have flys?
That's why he thinks she taught you. It would be way easier to give weird advice when you don't have a dick yourself.
I've never gotten any sexual pleasure out of ASMR. But for example the snipping sound scissors make at the hairdresser is just insanely relaxing to me. Roleplays are weird though.
You will probably never find anyone who likes all your quirks and hobbies from the get go. There's always gonna be weird things about the other person that you first get used to and then you love them for it.
Hey i pretty much had the exact same thing. They'd always make fun of me for hanging out with a girl my age and now i have a lot of issues showing that i'm into them...
A friends mom recently married they had a castle rented along with some knight reenactors to "abduct the bride" and do some stuff for the guests like archery etc. Some people may find it cringey but it's your wedding to what you want.
It's basically just some very standard moves from jiu jitsu. Assuming these two met at a class and a bunch of their friends also practice it they'd see it for what it is - two quirky people having fun at their own wedding. How horrible.
I don't even get why the guests would be embarassed. You're at your friends wedding and if they do stuff like this they can't be much different when you hang out with them normally.
It was awesome she showed me a lot of pictures and videos of it.
I don't think they actually had one. In Germany the best man is called Trauzeuge and his function is more to be an official witness to the marriage. And even then i think that "job" fell to my friend and her sister so more the bridesmaids equivalent.
It was really fun apparently. She showed me a lot of pictures and videos of it. Shame i couldn't be there.
I think thats part choosing and part just how you are same way people don't choose to be gay. Some people will have more of a need to connect to someone romantically and some are fine living by themselves all their life. I'm somewhere in the middle. If there's noone I'm interested in I feel absolutely fine but sometimes I develop feelings for someone I know and then being alone just makes me feel incredibly shitty.
And then you're like me in this weird spot where getting "a hole" is not hard but the girls you're actually interested in never feel that way about you. Sometimes I just feel like I'm not good enough for anyone to consider being serious with.
If you're as afraid of girls as anon seems to be its definitely still hard. Do all the girls you said and girls still won't come onto you unless you're really good looking. You'll have a chance with a LOT of them but you still have to make the effort of asking them out etc.
To be fair to him if you're afraid of girls it's very different from signing up for a marathon. He's probably permanently afraid the girl is just gonna laugh at him or mock him when he says something stupid. The entry form to the marathon doesn't do that. And everyone knows exactly what you have to do to run a marathon. If you don't it's really easy to explain. He obviously doesn't know how to be flirty and confident and that's a lot harder to explain than "run a lot and your muscles grow".
Just reading the Greentext I don't think anon is quite that incelly just very socially inept and has the confidence of a rotten grape. Probably feels that confidence is someone you're either born with or not and since he "obviously" wasn't he says it's unfair.
I was never really fat but for the longest time I felt exactly like anon. Being really fucking awkward is more than enough to keep you out of reach of any girls without being ugly or fat.
Before I got my shit together a bit I would instinctively just extend my hand for the shake because I couldn't imagine girls wanting to hug me. When you're this awkward your brain makes you do weird shit.
If we're talking getting a meaningful relationship there's a lot more to it than that i find. I take care of myself and i'm usually well liked by people i meet. I don't have much of an issue getting the occasional date or getting laid. But actually getting into a relationship with someone i care about is a book with seven seals to me. So far i've only really fallen for friends i've had for quite a while and i just don't know how to make that change happen. Eventually it just kills me and i end up telling them with no success so far. I have even less of an idea of how i'd possibly end up in a relationship with someone i only met recently.
Cousin jerry probably has at least some relationship to those two outside of the wedding so he probably knew what he was getting into. Most people i know only invite people they actually want to their wedding. Cousin jerry just wouldn't get an invite if he's not close to either bride or groom anyway.
Eh there's always a girl that will look past any physical flaw but if you have complete wing ears a lot of people will be turned off by that. I'm not talking slightly big i'm talking like adding 30% to the width of your head.
Correct me if i'm wrong but don't all well known politicians? Hell any mildly known youtuber talks about getting death threats i would be surprised if AOC didn't get any. Happy but surprised.
To be fair sadly you don't even need to be important these days to get death threats. Even mildly well known youtubers get them all the time for the stupidest of reasons like not liking a certain video game. It's completely bonkers.
I don't think he needs any support if he really wants to. You guys spend more on military then the rest of nato combined iirc. Unless our government had the balls to shut down Rammstein etc you could bomb and drone strike the shit out of iran to your hearts content.
I've read in another comment that that photo was taken like 9 hours after the attack so that part of the story would kind of check out. I'm sure they'd send a drone once they heard a tanker got attacked. Still with the gulf of tonkin incident in mind and saddams weapons of mass destruction i'm not inclined to believe the US and especially the Trump administration on this. Seems almost like a reelection stunt straight out of house of cards.
I remember being mind blown by Ezios shadow in Assassins creed 2.
I'm sure it's more serious than most threats youtubers get but i would be surprised if it was any more hate fueled than some of the threats republicans or other democrats must get.
Are you seriously claiming that medium sized youtubers get death threats but AOC is somehow special for getting them in a congress made up of over 400 people? Every politician gets death threats. The secret service investigates hundreds of death threats to trump over a year that doesn't make him a good person that's just the sad reality of politics.
They said a lot like that about Saddam and his army. Yet America absolutely dumpstered it. Destroying organized armies is literally the thing you guys are best at. Insurgents like Vietnam and Afghanistan not so much. All that high tech stealth bomber etc shit doesn't matter much against the Taliban but it gets you a huge edge over actual militaries with radar networks samsites etc etc. I'm sure you could never actually occupy that country successfully but you certainly could depose of that army and government.
To be honest military hospitals are not a tactical advantage. You don't heal troops like in an RTS. There's a reason so much of the first world war was focused on inflicting heavy but not mortal injuries. Making your enemy take care of lots of wounded is beneficial to killing their men. Hospitals wouldn't have helped them with how quick that war was won. The argentinians had anti ship missiles and the british still won. The US would just bomb them all to shit before going there. With the exception of russia and china and maybe india there's no conventional army on earth that would stand an actual chance against the US. That's just a consequence of how much money you blow on it. Insurgencies work because they're exactly not conventional armies. Don't forget that the US probably has a bunch of shit stored up that's still classified. Meanwhile Iran has a main battle tank that barely entered series production that even the russians only compare to a T72.
My parents were divorced and a few of my friends were raised by just one of their parents, be it because of a sudden death or one of the parents turned out to be a shithead. I and most of them would agree that it would have been "better" to have both a dad and a mom. There is nothing wrong with being a single parent but I think it will always be somewhat benefitial if you have two parents because sometimes there will be stuff youd rather talk about with one than the other. I don't think him saying that means he dislikes single parents or gay people in any way. If his perception is that kids with a "normal" parent couple have it easier i'm inclined to agree. Having two people to rely on will always be better than one and sadly kids are cruel and some shitheads will give you a hard time for having gay parents.
But they're not related by blood! *Domestic girlfriend intensifies*
*FAT PINK MAST*
The easiest way is to serve the Soviet Union. Just don't touch the graphite.
Hm always difficult describing without just linking a picture... A nice toned butt is a great plus, cute looking face, not a fan of large thigh gaps C cups at most. I seem to have a thing for nicely shaped belly buttons (call me weird) and wide mouths. First girl i was really into is pretty much still my ideal woman when it comes to her looks.
Of course they're allowed to but you can't help but think some of it is just attention seeking. Like when a girl with a complete playboy body posts on gone wild and acts like she's totally surprised when hundreds of commenters drool over her. Which is completely fine btw you do what you want with your body but i honestly prefer the girls that show themselves knowing full well how hot they are. Confidence is sexy as hell.
Only fair. Some girls like dad bods afterall. Personally i'm not a big fan of it but i'm glad some people are into it. Everyone should be somebodies type :)
Nothing is objectively attractive. For everyone who wants to smash angelina jolie you'll find someone like me who thinks she looks like a horse doll. I agree there's always a certain look that will appeal to most people but saying something is attractive and subjective is not a contradiction. He's just saying what he thinks.
That doesn't seem fair either. A few of my friends are fairly petite but with "large" asses (for their size) with no cellulite. It's just a matter of whether you work out with the goal of improving your butt or not.
For my friends it was working out that got rid of it (if you want that) not just being skinny. Squats are apparently really good for that they told me.
Eh size has literally never been a turnoff for me unless they were larger than me (I know its stupid but it feels weird) which thankfully doesn't happen often being 6'2. Small girls are cute but i'd never not go on a date because she's the same size as me.
Are we talking ONS or relationship? Because i've been in love with a girl with severe mental issues before and i'm not doing that to myself ever again. But by all means let your desires run wild in the bed room i don't wanna feel like i'm the one always asking to try new stuff.
For me it's more like i want a mentally healthy weirdo like me in the streets and freak in the bed. If i can't badly karaoke along to russian folk songs without either of us speaking a word of russian for 2 hours straight she aint the one.
One time a girl in Jiu Jitsu class said "you're so huge" and it made me very happy. It's kinda stupid because it's not like i worked for that but it pleases that little animal part of my brain not gonna lie.
I only actively rub armpits, head, crotch and buttcrack. The rest is never excessively dirty anyway since i'm in uni and don't do manual labour a lot. Not washing your asshole because "it's gay" is the dumbest most insecure shit i've heard in weeks though.
Even worse when they have a family with 5 kids at home and spend half the day on the job cat calling women half their age. Or some of my friends patients. She's a physical therapist and some old lechers will actually go "i wanna complain you sent me the male therapist instead of the cute 22 year old girl". One time she walked past a guy at an old folks home, he obviously turns around looking at her ass and just goes "just one more time and then dieing yeaaaaah".
Depends heavily whether you're a shower or a grower.
Really don't know why but i have a thing for bobs with bangs. Not a big fan of really long hair. Ideally it's just past the shoulders / slightly above the shoulders. Also i really dislike when a girl puts all her hair into a ponytail or something thereby exposing the entire forehead and having that weird straight line around the face. It looks very weird to me.
Depends on whether they're being creepy about it or not. So i guess like it is for girls with older men. Someone calling you attractive respectfully is nice and bolsters your ego. Someone creepily suggesting you should fuck or coming onto you is very much not nice.
Usually when i like a girl the thing i enjoy most with her are mundane things like having breakfast after a night out. Just spending time together with no stress etc. I'd make breakfast or something like that. I just really enjoy making someone i like happy with little things.
Yeah the good ones are few and far between.
I've not had an SO yet but i guess i'll share my story of how i realized with the two girls i've actually loved. Both friends of a few years at the time. The first one was when she was talking about hating her life and suicidal thoughts again. Compared to the times before i didn't just feel guilty for not helping as a friend but i felt like if she actually was gone i couldn't go on with my life right. Without her in it it just seemed pointless. The second one was jealousy i gotta admit. I've known i'd kinda like to be with her after the first time we spend a night at a friends house as a group. I just enjoyed spending the morning after the party with her so much. However she repeatedly pointed out how she'd never date anyone from our circle of friends including me so i didn't get my hopes up and thought i had made my peace with that. Then something like a year passes with her not mentioning it and we start doing more stuff just the two of us, spending more time talking just between the two of us and discussed going on a vacation with each other so the hope that something had changed kinda creeped in but i told myself we're just friends and i'm fine with that. Then she had a date with a dude she told me about before who wanted something serious. I even encouraged her to go on that date. But as soon as she went i got this gut wrenching feeling of jealousy and fear that we were gonna spend less time together if they got together. At that point i realized that i actually wasn't happy just being her friend and that i wanted to be as important to her as she was to me. I spent something like 20 hours being a complete nervous wreck until she texted me how nice it was. Then i kinda broke down and told her how i felt. Funny thing with both of them was that when i first got to know them i would have sworn i would never be intrested in them. I distinctly remember the first time i talked to the second girl. It was online and basically we just ended up in a teamspeak channel but spoke for like 8 hours until 4 at night. Friend saw us and asked me the next day whether somethings going on there and i just responded "Hell naw that girl is sooo damn weird fuck no". 2,5 years later i'm in love with all those weird quirks and still can't really imagine being happy with anyone else.
Physically? I feel like my upper legs are too fat even though i'm pretty in shape. Emotionally? I feel like something must be wrong with my personality once you get to know me. I don't have problems picking up girls for casual fun but all the ones i've fallen for have been girls that know me pretty well by that point and they've never felt that way about me. I'm worried i'll never get a serious relationship because once you get to know me better something about me just disqualifies me as a serious SO.
To me as a german that obesssion with the flag you guys have is so weird to me. I understand being patriotic but how a piece of cloth can be that important when you slap the image of the flag on every consumer good out there will always be mindboggling to me.
Ricardo Milos upgraded the flag by wearing it.
Not to mention starting every school day with basically a sermon to the flag. Like what the fuck.
This is a perfectly normal name if you live in the Metal Gear universe!
Shouldn it be more like "after luring a sickly human into it's belly using it's bright coat of paint and luminescient cells it retreats to its hive.
Comrade Legasov All hail king Legasov the glowing!
I honestly didn't mind Brienne as much because of the Ending they gave her. I can relate to her in the scene where she's just a weak woman despite being a guy. Usually I don't care much what people think of me but when someone I really care about leaves me or I drive them away I become the most pathetic piece of shit for a while. If you ignore the weirdness with her oath to sansa I thought her ending was one of the few good ones. She has the respect she always wanted and dealt with Jamie's betrayal well with no unneeded hatred or bawling. Being weak for a day when your loved one leaves you doesn't make you a stereotype or a weak character I think. It would have been weirder if she acted all cool even in the moment imo.
I can foresee some occasions maybe like a football WC finale or something. But i don't see anyone getting this upset if you just tossed it afterwards.
Friend of mine got raped when she was 15 while on vacation with her parents. She never told them about it...
Well i'm german so i was talking from my perspective with the german flag. Didn't consider that you guys split up for sports.
Many people especially women think that men are just always looking for sex and if they don't jump at the chance there's something wrong with the partner or they have big issues to deal with. When a girl says she's not in the mood most people don't jump to that conclusion as quickly. A guy just not being in the mood is often seen as weird but perfectly normal for girls.
That sums it up nicely. For some reason stereotypical strong female characters are just supposed to be emotionally dead and need no man. Hell rambo cried like a toddler at the end of rambo first blood and people don't say he is a wimpy or girly character.
Sometimes i see those protests when i'm in the city on a friday so it might just be an outlier because i missed some other weaker days but the last time a friday was a holiday there were definitely less people there.
I'm divided on the whole issue. I really dislike the cult like following of Greta Thunberg but i like the cause of the protests over all. The start of it all just screamed PR stunt by Thunbergs parents and when i read some shit like "Bishop compares Thunbergs importance to Jesus Christ" i just facepalm. Why don't we crown her god emperor already.
I can only speak for myself and my friends but skipping out on school was a lot more enticing when there wouldn't be consequences. Like 80% of our class skipped school friday afternoon a bunch of times to protest the fact that we were literally the only class in the school having to show up then and just to attend the bullshit useless arts class because they couldn't find a teacher during the week. A lot of people that wouldn't otherwise skip skipped just because there was a good chance no actual consequences would happen. What are they gonna do put the entire class in detention when almost all our teachers agreed it was stupid as well as the parents?
He's saying you can only force an industry to change so much without either making it prohibitively expensive or killing it. If you forbid mango shipments by plane or slap huge taxes on there there's either gonna be no mangos or they're gonna be expensive as hell since the company can't just make the plane not emit CO2.
It was literally a Berlin Bishop that compared her to Jesus. I don't know who you've been talking to but she comes up in every conversation about the whole affair. If she wasn't made up to be some world saviour i wouldn't mind her. But she has / has been given that annoying as hell genius world saviour aura that Elon Musk has and Steve Jobs had. They're fallible people with shitty aspects stop putting them on pedestals.
I think the guy you originally's point was only that it's either you limiting yourself or the governent prohibiting it for you which many people wouldn't like. Sort of like a counterpoint to many people that sometimes talk like there's just some magical solution that the politicians "just have to implement" without admitting that it will cost the average person something. And i get why they do it if you wanna get people on your side it's useful to omit that detail but it's still dishonest. Not saying you're doing that but some people are. Didn't come off as standoffish. Don't worry about it.
Eh i get it in that context since it's just representing the country. I just never made that symbolic connection to a specific piece of cloth with the colours of the flag. Like the soldiers of america didn't die for that polyester flag they died for america and america will survive someone burning coloured cloth.
Some taxes are unavoidable. You can't dodge sales tax for example. If they just increase sales tax for exotic foods to 40% suddenly everything is much more expensive.
The current flags history goes back a lot further. The colours go back to the resistance against Napoleon in 1813. Apparently it stands for "out of the blackness and suffering (red) into the golden light (the yellow part). First time the flag was officially adopted was in 1848. Also your south is especially hyped about flags and they've fought wars under the confederate flag so it not being our continuous flag shouldn't count really. And by that logic the french and british should be way more hyped about their flag than even you guys.
As i said in another comment those people died for your countries and values not for a piece of cloth made in china and sold at walmart for 5 bucks a pop. They also certainly didn't die for it to cover ricardo's big stick. (Although that would be a worthy cause if ever there was one). To me it's just ridiculous. If everything those people died for is so fragile that it can't survive someone burning some coloured cloths i feel bad for them for dieing for it. Any specific flag is not america. Any specific flag with very few exceptions is just a piece of merchandise. I don't see any justification for inducing that much value into any piece of cloth merely because you like the pattern on it.
Oh i totally get why that flag is important to you. That's a piece of history. Some china made flag bought for 5 dollars at walmart isn't. Yet some people act like burning that would be the same as burning down the smithsonian.
Honestly I know some people would miss me but it feels underwhelming. I'm somewhat important to someone great but there's never been anyone who I've been a special kind of important to other than my mom and i don't really count that since it's most often a given that a mother cares about her child... But I feel like noone will ever feel about me the way I feel about my best friend and it makes me sad.
I used to be one of those creepy dudes in your class that messages you every few weeks and somehow thinks that is a conversation. Thankfully at some point the girl decided to confront me about it nicely and reasonably and i didn't do it any time after that. I'm still thankful she explained it to me and didn't just rage or make fun of me (which would have been understandable tbh).
Can i skip on that feature and instead select people i wanna forget immediately instead?
*cries in Bhopal industrial disaster*
Does a noose count as a gadget?
Given that you're not specifying which religion would be right i don't really care. If gods or god exist they've never done anything for me so they can suck it if they want me to grovel on my knees. If you wanna talk christian god he seems like a hyprocritical bitch not worth gloryfying. I'd actually prefer the Devil when portrayed as by Goethe in Faust.
I'd tell myself to get off his ass, get new glasses / contacts and some fitting clothes. That takes care of most of the awkwardness until 19. Then I'd tell him that waiting to tell your friend that you love her doesn't do any good. I don't think it's gonna change the outcome but it will probably save him a lot of heartache.
I'd ask him how he keeps motivating himself after suffering so many heavy blows in his life. I feel like the guy must have some awesome insights into getting over seemingly bottomless pits.
I'd see this as an absolute win!
Yeah I was actually very surprised. All I'd heard before watching was the shtick with look at weebs fucking both their step sisters xdxd. But some of those panels in the manga are real tear jerkers... Both sweet ones and those loaded with suffering. The artist is really good at conveying those emotions imo. Rui is best girl though. Her deadpan faces are too cute.
I've always wondered what it would be like to fall for someone only to find out you're not their type because you're the wrong gender. Would that make it easier to accept than someone just not returning your feelings?
That quote works so well on so many things.
Has he actually said that or is he just not making a move? If it's the former sorry to hear that. If it's the latter maybe you wanna have a go at him? Without being too pushy of course. I was in love with my best friend for almost 2 years before i told her i had feelings for her. And even when i told her it was because jealousy got the better of me and i thought she'd end up with a dude she had a date with (which she did :/). I was just too afraid to tell her because i thought if she doesn't feel that way about me our friendship is either gonna be weird for months or down the train completely. But that doesn't seem to be an issue for your bestie :D Unless he's actively said he isn't intrested i'd say give it a shot life is too short to waste time.
She literally said "i'd yank him out of there so fast"? How is that not saying "i would date him if he made a move"? That sounds pretty enthusiastic to me? Also why is it still that the guy somehow has to make the first move?
Airburst nukes are fairly clean compared to a melt down reactor. First off it's only a few kilos of material in something like little boy. Of which even less will actually fission. The created isotopes also differ.
Unless the reactor has a flawed Design like the RBMK you can't just turn it into a nuclear bomb. Also there are nuclear powered civilian ships. Many of russias icebreakers for example. Even nations like germany experimented with reactor powered vessels like the Otto Hahn.
They produced them but the designs came from the party. And this sounds neck beardy as fuck but those big military overcoats just look snazzy.
The russian icebreakers aren't experiments though. They're even building actual nuclear powerplants that float now. To be perfectly honest sinking that ship isn't gonna be all that bad probably. It would be a ships reactor not a giant pile like the one in chernobyl. And the ocean is so huge it wouldn't have much of an impact. Think of how much waste water from Fukushima they've been pouring into the sea and except the immediate area it barely had an effect. It's not like fuel rods are soluable in water. I think sinking any tanker in front of a coast will have a much more noticeable and immediate effect than any nuclear core on the bottom of the ocean. Even subs sunk from unexepected explosions contaminate huge strechtes of coast. Deep water horizon, exxon valdez etc though? If you're that worried about terrorists we shouldn't let any tanker out of our sights without it's own carrier group.
Yes but even then it's hundreds of thousands of tons of oil vs likely less than a ton of nuclear fuel per reactor. Which is once again not soluable in water. Blowing the reactor apart makes it more harmless as long as it's on the bottom of the sea. You'll have a bunch of radioactive rocks on the bottom of the ocean. That's nothing compared to the environmental impact of millions of litres of oil in coastal waters.
Getting old tests is the most normal thing in the world at our uni (engineering). Hell the professors compile them themselves and provide correct answers so you can use them as practice exercises under self imposed exam conditions. I mean how are you supposed to come up with new questions every year forever? I can only speak for my department but there's only so many questions you can ask to check if someone paid attention to the basics of thermodynamics if you wanna cover the most important points.
Why would you try to ban looking at old tests? At least in our engineering department the professors will upload old exams themselves along with detailed model solutions so you can use them to practice at home.
Yes i don't think anyone doubts the shitty discrimination that went on last year. He's saying that "outperforming" is a bit instigating when really it should just be "women perform the same as men when not discriminated against". Outperforming suggests that after the discrimination stopped it turned out that women were significantly better than the men which isn't true looking at the stats.
That might be the point of the article but the headline is suggesting that women are significantly better than men by saying "outperforming". I don't blame them - headlines are meant to grab attention afterall.
Well they weren't served by sub par doctors they just cheated themselves out of other good doctors that might have been better in some cases than the ones they got. The rigging is incredibly shitty and all involved should be fired but i don't think the degree was a cakewalk to those who got in on rigging.
The thing is what if the women generally want to stay home? I get that it's in large part because society shaped them that way over there but if it makes them happy is it really better to force our model onto them? I think they should make every effort to enable any woman that wants to have a big career to do so but pushing a model they might kinda like out for the sole reason of being more like the west seems short sighted. I've heard the same sentiment about working less from a guy making woodblock prints on twitch. Nothing to do with just the medical field. He's from canada and decided to hire exclusively women at the start. A few years later he's not exactly "regretting" it but acknowledges that it's bad for his business that so many of his trained employees are leaving to be stay at home moms because that's just how it works over there a lot of the time. It's a very fine line to walk between enabling equal opportunities and pushing models on people i think. I wouldn't want that responsibility because i don't think i could make it so it's equally enabling to women who wanna work all day and women who'd rather take care of their kids while the husband provides. Thank god i don't have to make those decisions.
Oh that "woman takes care of children" thing is very much still alive in japanese men and women. Maybe not as prevalent but it's still a thing for a lot of people.
Well they do over here but so far in Japan it's not that cut and dry that a woman will go back to work after paternity leave. This policy of discimination was very shitty but i can believe it comes from a misguided attempt at getting more doctors into the field long term rather than have half the doctors go "away" after a few years of practicing.
Well i struggle to see any good reason to prohibit it unless you're so damn lazy you run the same test every year word for word.
Bold of you to assume i could relate to having a GF. And you call yourself an animemer :'(
In january i spent a night at a hotel with my best friend after we went out to party. There were a couple of cases where i could have kissed her but i chickened out. I hate myself for not doing it. Knowing what i know now i don't think she would have felt that way about me even if i did but at least it would have felt more like my decision to tell her than the jealousy fueled breakdown i had a month ago...
Shintoism seems pretty chill i guess?
Casting aside aneurhysms etc probably getting a message from my best friend saying she doesn't wanna talk to me for a while/forever. Things are weird right now an i'm very scared of losing her...
Cuddling my best friend...
The chance of it ricocheting into someone closeby is probably higher than it actually hitting someone when fired at 45° in the air.
Are there really no warning signs beforehand with people like this? I find it very hard to imagine this person sounding like a great dude beforehand.
It's fine but thank you. Things are just very weird between us right now and i'm worried i'll screw it up further. Thanks for your concern.
It's an older meme but it checks out.
I've got a question for the sex workers: How common is the clichee that some guys will hire a prostitute to just cuddle them for a few hours? Like with no actual sex involved. Does that actually happen and if so is it common?
I think the system just becomes a problem when you get to a mode that isn't won like randoms. Most randoms are won by killing all tanks so the amount of xp going around is the same whether you win in 5 or 15 minutes. There is no benefit to dragging the battle out. However with frontline you're actively encouraged to not win just to prolong the amount of time to farm which has a negative impact.
I dunno doing fun things and going out is someone anyone can do if they have a couple of friends. And getting a couple of friends is way easier than a relationship. Someone who'd hire a hooker to cuddle i imagine wouldn't be looking to past the time but to get some intimacy and feeling safe and loved in a way he can't get otherwise.
Not to mention not every street has a continous emergency lane. You'll get a bunch of places on the A81 for example where it just disappears.
I wouldn't call it a rarity at all. Especially with construction sites everywhere and a lot of the old Motorways being two lanes in not the most accessible of areas.
To be fair the girlfriend comes with other perks that neither the hooker nor the sex doll will provide. Given that you get yourself a decent one.
Out of curiosity how much of the whole makeup thing is to make yourself feel good and how much of it is about being more attractive to the opposite sex?
Sorry for your loss.
Well no but i think no sane person reading that statement thought of it as an absolute excluding men from wearing makeup. It's just a hyperbole most people don't even recognize as such because in the vast majority of cases it's women who wear makeup and men don't. Sure there will be guys like that (friend of mine is really into it) but it's certainly not not to be expected just because of the experience we have with people. When i go out to party with a friend of mine it's always surprising to me what a big difference it makes before and after she's put on her makeup. I think she's beautiful either way but the difference is noticeable.
You probably look fine. My friend looks fine without makeup it's just a little more spotless with make up on. I feel like a lot more "pressure" to wear makeup comes from other girls rather than guys.
Yeah it sounds a bit pretentious. I've seen my best friend both with no make up at all right after a shower / taking it off for the night and with it on and of course she looks better with some. She's beautiful either way but not admitting that covering up some imperfections does improve it is just dishonest.
I have a literal casting couch we've had for at least 18+ years. It's hilarious when i'm videochatting with new people and someone immediately thinks i do amateur porn.
Applies to both! Dead girlfriend can be reused as fertilizer after primary function has been fullfilled. Sex Doll will just poison turtles after being disposed of!
Ha can't get divorced if i can't even find a girlfriend! Checkmate wedding planners!
This is me talking to my best friend right now. It used to be that i never worried about talking to her now i'm afraid one wrong sentence will make her hate me forever...
Wait a second is this actually a big issue? I know girls get a lot of unwanted attention online somehow i thought reddit with no profile pictures etc would be less bad in that regard. Then again my friend was constantly being hit on on teamspeak without ever showing a picture of herself. People are weird.
You'd be surprised. Old class mate of mine is really into older women apparently.
I wouldn't say socially acceptable. While i don't think anyone is particularly surprised by it (my friends keep getting sooo many dickpics) i've very rarely seen people react to it neutrally or positively unless those pics were actually asked for. Vast majority of the time it's negative in my experience.
There's nothing more intoxicating than the clear abscence of a penis!
That surprises me. My friend keeps getting hit on online really hard just for having a girl voice even if she doesn't even have a picture of herself posted.
I'd get the impression that you're trying to make it into a relationship too. If i didn't want that i'd probably ask for clarification.
Well shaped belly buttons.
My step dad got kinda lucky. He had a thing for my mom in school but was too dense for it to go anywhere. So she was with my dad for like 21 years where they didn't talk at all basically. He had like 3 GFs but never for very long and he kind of had that reputation of that one friend who's never getting married. Somehow they met again after the divorce and now they've been together for slightly over 10 years and married for 2.
I really fell hard for my best friend i've had for the last 3 years. To the point where i can't really imagine being with anyone else. But i've never worked up the courage to tell her how much i enjoy the time we spend together and how much i'd want us to be more than friends. I even kinda convinced myself that i was fine with it. Then she goes on a date with a dude and i felt like such a nervous wreck out of jealousy so i told her the next day. Sadly she didn't think about me that way and now she's a couple with that same guy. My biggest regret is not making a move one of the times we were alone together. It probably wouldn't have changed the outcome but it would have felt like my choice instead of how it went which felt more like someone stabbing me and the blood writing it out of the floor.
Not that's a rollercoaster of emotions.
It's less need and more want. If we have a quicky i'm fine with none at all but in general i really like when we're undressing each other and she does a lot of the touching as well not just me. Oral is nice but only if she's really into it.
Is that you Jordan schlansky? Preparing your body in various ways?
Are we talking attractive to me personally or just purely aesthetically? To me personally my best friend. Her personality just draws me in and if i could i'd want to spend every day with her. purely aesthetically my type is very different. Very similar to a friend i've had 5 years ago. God she was pretty.
Her not feeling the same was a factor but what scared me more is that she'd want to spend less time with me if she didn't. She's my best friend and we used to talk for a few hours like every other day. I was scared if she knew that i would like to date her she'd distance herself from me.
Same here. I don't know if it would have worked out even if i tried sooner but i can't help but hate myself for not giving it a serious shot.
Opposite. I'm a guy she's a girl. She hangs around a lot of dudes so lots of offers were always there. She usually talked about those to me a lot saying how dumb many of them are so i never really got jealous. But i had that gut feeling she was gonna click with this guy and i ended up being right. Between her leaving for her date and her telling me about how it went i was a complete wreck. Like sitting on my bed shaking not able to do anything to distract myself. It was pure torture.
I was one of those dudes once when i was 16. Thankfully at some point she explained to me how creepy it was without being needlessly mean to me or making fun of me at school. I haven't spoken to her since then but if i ended up meeting her i'd thank her for being so gracious about me being such a creep back then.
To me she is more than a friend to her i am not. If that's what you're referring to.
Innie. But not too deep. Hard to describe i guess.
Not to mention comparing her to the gearing is fricking sad and even a Shima has a good chance to outgun you now.
Noone uses it in CW either. They tried killing it for CW because it was ubiquitous because of the Radar. But instead of just removing the Radar they killed it for all game modes.
It is what it is... She'll always have a special place in my heart. Maybe with some time we can at least get back to our old friendship albeit with less time spent together.
Well great news budd! it's getting a 10 second reload buff on the torps so obviously is fixed now /s
I think it's in large part because it doesn't seem that much like the awful stories you hear about arranged marriages. In all honesty this doesn't sound like the clichee at all to me. So unless I got this wrong she likes someone, who likes someone else but gets along with her well. And she's worried if offering him a relationship might be manipulative if she mentions how it would secure his family? Just sounds like a usual problem with someone very wealthy pursuing someone very poor. When I think arranged marriage I think something like "you will marry this woman because her father runs the grocery store next to mine and we will use this alliance!" And shit like that.
I get this Jake reaction so many times when I hang out with my best friend. One day I'll find one who feels that way about me too I hope.
I'm glad you're dealing with that well. However could you blame other parents not feeling up to that task? I really gotta admit i probably couldn't handle that.
I think they do. I think this way about my best friend a lot. If she felt the same way about me I'd think this sort of thing would continue on into the relationship.
I know as much but that's what many people instinctively think of. So it's reasonable to assume that after reading the story and not having their suspicion confirmed they'd be a lot more positive towards OP than most people would suspect when talking arranged marriage.
Is this seth Dozerman?
Some of that clientel might actually consider that a plus. There's a reason it's a category on pornhub.
Can somewhat confirm but we definitely have pricks in STEM. Most of my professors are really nice people that will go out of their way to help a student out when he's struggling. But there's one that's head of our department and he's so haughty. He's not even a full paygrade above some of the others but it's a night and day difference. You want to ask him some questions? If you ask his secretary reaaaaally nicely you might get to talk to one of his subordinates in 3 months time. Meanwhile another professor i've had you walk up to his office knock, and within 10 minutes you've got several appointments set up to ask questions before a big exam.
I've had to deal with a repoman once and he was in all honesty one of the most supportive and nice people i've ever met. I had to deal with him because my shithead dad signed contracts in my name without my knowledge and didn't pay them. Repoguy basically told me exactly what i had to do to fight it in court since he believed my story and i walked away from it not paying a dime. Also noticed him being really supportive and trying to be really accomodating to a teen mom in his office that had a lot of debt from phone bills.
Not necessarily. I've experimented with that stuff a bit with a friend of mine who's into being dominant sometimes. You can do it a bunch of ways. A woman can be forceful and commanding while still respecting who you are. Sort of like Drill instructor vs normal commander. You'll have to follow both their orders but one will probably berate you way more than the other.
Weell this is germany so the repoman carried nothing but a clipboard and pen.
A friend of mine once sent me a picture of her after crying her eyes out and asked me whether i found crying women to be beautiful. I thought that question was very weird because it really does the opposite than turn me on but apparently that's a thing for some men? Now the hugging thing at the funeral i can sort of understand. I've heard that some people respond to grief with hornyness and suddenly you're holding the woman you like really close to you i can see how something unwanted might happen. But just a picture of someone i like crying? That would just make me worried.
I hated every second of playing Vladi. But i got through it in 16 games with a 94% winrate so it must be good at something. Just always felt like it was very unfun.
Dating is also kinda like hunting for the right partner though isn't it? At least the little snek found someone for a while :3
Well except all the special pieces that lego doesn't do. Like many of the double sided ones or those tiny black rings you can use to reverse the building direction. Also i love how cobi will print windows on the side of a 4x2 tile to make the bridge when lego won't even print on flat tiles these days mostly.
Star wars hasn't been the most popular in a long time. Maybe among adult fans but listening to some people that actually have stores the moneymakers are City and Ninjago.
Lego does a lot with stickers these days because prints are more expensive. It's fine for playsets imo but display models should always be all prints. They just hold up better to time.
Yeah there's only a few good value lego sets these days. The Saturn V is by far the best. 1969 pieces for 120 Euros.
Doesn't have to be a factor at all. If you blame it on things you can't change that's just taking the easy way out.
If you start out by hitting a dude you have it coming though. That's just an example of play stupid games win stupid prizes. Friend of mine from Jiu Jitsu is like half my weight and 40cm smaller than me. That wouldn't give him the right to walk around kicking people like me in the nuts would it? He's also physically weaker than some girls in our class and he doesn't get to hit them without repercussion either. Tldr: don't hit people. If you do be prepared to get hit back.
At first i was like "i can kinda understand that it's probably really damn hard loving someone with a disease like that that'll make them suffer in some way all their life" but then i read the second part and just went "WUT"
That's really shitty if that was the actual reason and not just shitty wording. But i can think of several scenarios were dating someone like that might be hard. I fell for my best friend and when i told her last month she rejected me and is now dating a guy she's known for 2 months. Which is her every right she doesn't owe me anything. But if she came along in a few months if that doesn't work out and wanted to date me i wouldn't know if i wouldn't feel like the second rate goods you pick up when the good stuff is sold out. I think when you reject someone that's already really invested in you like for example when someone falls for a friend of a few years it's hard to "take that back" later down the line. It's a big blow to their self esteem (at least it is for me). Depending on the person they'll always have a bit of fear that they're just your second or third choice and you'd rather be with someone else.
Or they would just feel like they were octopoduss' second or third choice? It doesnt stir up a lot of confidence to be shot down only for the other party to come back around a few months down the line and just expect you to still feel the same. Its easy to feel like you were just put on hold in case the first choice didnt work out.
As a fellow guy let me try to explain at least one way i could feel like that: When my best friend rejected me last month it made (and still kinda makes me) feel like a good for nothing piece of shit that couldn't compete with the guy she's been seeing for the last 2 weeks. If that relationship ended in a few months and she came around to ask me if i still wanted to be with her i'd be very conflicted. On one side i'm still very much into her and i don't see that going away anytime soon. But i'd also be worried that i was just her second choice and she'd leave me the moment someone better comes along. Especially if the person rejecting you ends up dating someone else 2 weeks later for a few months is it hard to understand that it would make people feel like they're just being put on hold as a backup in case the first choice doesn't work out?
I'm not sure whether to be glad stories like this give me some sort of hope or not. Got any tips on how to deal with the jealousy of someone you have feelings for being in a relationship with someone else? I really struggle with the jealousy some days.
This is why you'll die alone! (Or with some other pineapple pizza degenerate)
Person from 1919? Probably when you first take them on the Autobahn and breeze along at like 200km/h.
Have you ever been the backup for someone? It's not a good feeling and if it goes bad that feeling will carry over into the relationship. And a relationship where you're constantly afraid of not being good enough and that your partner will leave you for the first "better" person to come along is incredibly toxic for both parties.
We don't pay any tuition we pay an administrative fee basically. Thats about 150-160 a semester. If we want we can purchase a bus/train ticket too which heavily varies on price. I'd have to pay around 200 for it for 6 months coverage.
It's different depending on state if you're from out of country. For example some Universities here will charge EU citizens but not Germans a 500 Euro Tuition and people from something like china 1500. Neither me nor any of my fellow german friends have ever had to pay more than 200 a semester though. Unless we'd buy the train ticket.
That part is totally legitimate yeah. That's usually how i fall for people too although i've never had to reject anyone like this. I'm just providing an explanation of how the other party can react like this without just being a jerk. You don't have to be immature to not want to be the fallback for someone else. (Not saying that's what she was but it's easy for her to think that based on what she experienced)
Did you have much contact to each other while that went on? Or did that friendship grow a little colder for a while before you reconnected?
That's what i'm kinda aiming for with my best friend right now. Thanks for the insight i'm glad everything worked out for you!
Owl can be cheesed in ways i haven't been able to pull of with genichiro. Usually just get him to commit then whirlwind slash until completion.
I can see these going for the 2,70 other containers went for when they didnt include ships. Mainly because at best they contain camos.
It's going to 4 seconds. Grozo is going to 4.2 maybe he got something mixed up there.
People tend to overestimate the deadliness of the radiation there away from contaminated stuff. After the cleanup it really isn't all that crazy to work in a decontaminated part of the plant.
I'd say exactly that. Unless your Tits or face are ridiculously deformed getting under a knife to "fix" it screams insecurity and hints at deeper issues imo. And liposuction literally just screams "i'm too lazy / lack the self control" to lose weight regardless of whether it's a man or woman doing it.
I've never experienced having a foreskin in any timeframe i have memories from why would i want it back? If i couldn't even remember having a pinky i probably wouldn't want that back either. The only people i see caring about how inferior my dick is apparently for not having a foreskin are strangers on the internet telling me how bad my sex must be and how i'm unable to masturbate without lotion lol.
Isn't murder supposed to include intent no matter who does it? If anything that ends up killing someone is murder why even have manslaughter, gross negligence or other charges?
January 26 2019. Was out partying with my best friend. When we were back at the hotel we got pretty close a couple of times and i wanted to try and kiss her so badly. For various reasons i didn't wanna admit to myself that i had feelings for her and i chickened out. A few months later it all came out in a way that i'm not happy with and she's dating someone else. I don't think her response would have been different to be honest but it would have felt like it was my choice to show her what she means to me instead of the stupid way i had to in the end.
It's so fucking deep!
Most of the people i see talking to me about this don't just say that though. They will just start arguing with me how wrong i am and how angry i should be. I'm not deal with it. I wouldn't circumsize my kids either but a lot of people get really vitriolic when i say that i really don't care much that i don't have one.
Space Battleship Yamato Opening: Am i a joke to you?
Other games also have a ranked system where not every shitter can reach rank 1 if he plays enough. You can play CS:GO for thousands of hours if you're a complete shitter and never get close to Global. But the average wows player is so special and classes like cv so broken that any dimwit can reach rank 1 if he just spams enough games.
Seeing these other comments my issues seem a bit benign in comparison but here goes: I feel like my friendship with my best fried is cooling down and i'm afraid we'll move apart from each other. I really don't want to lose her to some shitty circumstances and my own jealousy...
I don't get this argument. Antivaxxers won't give a documentary about the history of vaccines a watch either but people don't criticize whoever made that documentary for it. Just because it's religion you shouldn't have to be more accomodating than any other unproven conspiracy with 0 evidence.
Following some christian values doesn't make you bad of course. Actually believing science is lying to you and we all come from Adam and eve does however make you a naive idiot.
I think most people would define being an addict at least in part on experiencing withdrawal symptoms and how much it affects your behaviour. It's not unheard of for Opiate and Meth addicts to commit severe crimes to get their next fix. I don't think most people going out of drinks 3 times a week would ever go that far to get a sip of whiskey. Not everything you do on a regular basis is an addiction. If that was the definition we would all be car addicts, TV addicts etc. I think a big part of being an addict is it negatively impacting your life and becoming a big priority for you. There are billions of people who watch TV every other day yet wouldn't feel any negative consequence if they didn't for a month except maybe slight boredom if they don't have other hobbies. Similarly there are billions of people who regularly drink alcohol but don't exhibit any signs of really "needing" the next sip or withdrawal symptoms when they don't drink. How many Heroin or Meth users could you say that about? Talking percentages here because raw numbers are oviously dumb with how many more people consume alcohol. Heroin will get you completely addicted very quickly alcohol much less so. Availability imo is only really "scary" as such to people recovering from actual addiction. For a recovering alcoholic it's obviously very bad that alcohol is everywhere. But a fact is that most recreational users of alcohol or weed will never get to that stage of addiction if any. How many purely recreational users are there of Heroin, Meth etc? I'd argue nicotine is a much scarier drug than alcohol even. It's available to everyone over the age of 18 and there are way more people that will experience siginifcant withdrawal from not getting their cigarettes and from not having their daily glass of red wine.
I don't think anyone expects them to make it super easy to get for free. But 165 pounds to skip a grind like this seems a bit daft. Especially if you consider that you can buy other tier 9 premiums for 70 Euros. That's more than doubling the price for anyone who just wanted to buy the ship which understandably (imo) leaves a sour taste in some people's mouth. Compare it to WoT where recent marathons have gotten you discounts on tanks. Even if you didn't do a single mission the tank would still cost around the same as a usual premium of that tier. Granted the top end of that bracket but it wasn't significantly more. And if you did the marathon you get a progressively bigger discount so most people bought it from 50% to 70% off. Compare that to benham situation where just buying the ship is more than twice as expensive as the most expensive comparable premium and the grind arguably more insane than the wot marathons.
You'd have to doe that if you wanna go for the comfort-head-resting-on-shoulder hug too.
Definitely deserves a good punching imo but those kicks against the head when he's down are just unnecessary.
Planes are pressurized to around 2500 meters in altitude. It really wouldn't make much sense to pressurize them to above ambient pressure while still on the runway.
Of course you do. Have you never been hugged by someone who was sad? Hell most of my friends that hug for greetings close their eyes for a second when they hug you.
What redheadartgirl said. Don't change it just for the sake of other people. If you wanna try to reduce it though a friend of mine once said that squats help way more than running.
Obviously not when just greeting people. But i've done that to a couple of people when they were sad to say "come here it's all fine". Have been hugged the same way when i was very emotional sometimes. Weren't they both a bit distraught right before or am i remembering this wrong?
Same but compared to some of these stories i wasn't all that weird. I just had weird hobbys and was really socially inept with a lot of people. At least i didn't fight brick columns.
No obviously your parents are just selfish scum that don't care about the planet! /s
He also said 12 hours per day which is where i think it might fall short.
I like how you people just constantly advocate forcing the poor people to use mopeds instead of cars disregarding the weather and comfort so you can get your hateboner for fossil fuels on. Are you really surprised those people are not inclined to follow your lead?
And won't be for a long time because Batteries have complete shit energy density compared to kerosene and that weight matters a lot more to a jumbo than it does to a tesla on the road.
Unless you have a condition its really not. Just stuff less food in your food hole. Your Body is not some magical mashine that cheats the laws of thermodynamics.
Intresting how that works for some people. When i get really stressed out or sad i tend to eat way less.
You don't need to work out to lose weight if you eat less than you consume staying alive. If you want to actually improve your health a lot sure work out but you don't have to be on a treadmill each day to lose weight. Compared to what most people burn staying alive exercise is actually rather futile if your only goal is to burn calories.
I've been prescribed some medication that lowers the amount of acid in your stomach once when i was really stressed. That really helped. They probably don't mean it that way but just assume to made an effort to lose weight and wanna congratulate you. Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
I mean that in itself isn't that big of an issue. In PUBG Duos 98 out of 100 players are losers and it's one of the most popular games.
The first paragraph sounds like classic yoyo effect. Probably gonna take a lot of willpower but if you can limit the calories you eat when you do ignoring hunger, can probably get you to a level where your body will adjust to recognize the lower weight as normal again. Personally drinking water when hungry helps for me a lot of the time. And drinking water is healthy anyway so r/hydrohomies i guess.
I said "improve your health a lot". Losing weight from 150kg to 100 will always be healthy just on its own but you can improve it a lot more when going from 150 to 100 while also building muscles, working out your heart etc. Many people especially in the US are so fat they physically can't work out effectively. For those people just eating less until you get to a point where you can move is probably a better option.
You're playing a tank game with hitpoints, the most unrealistic spotting mechanics ever and some tier 9 and 10s being too fast is what ruins it?
You dont need to have Shot 500 people to be able to give reasonable feedback that getting shot isnt fun.
I thought it looked fine. Reminded me a lot of their CG work for Fate. Mabe not exactly demon slayers style but i enjoyed it.
Definitely possible. I have a lot of friends i have 0 romantic intrest in. Sometimes however you just sort of develop feelings for someone you got to know better and have spent a lot of time with. The difference mainly comes from how you take it when they reject you. I caught the feels for my best friend after knowing her for something like 3 years but when she said no i didnt start blaming her or calling her a slut/tease. Because of idiots like in the post i'm worried she thinks none of our friendship was real and i was just trying to get into her pants...
I think its Sort of a defense mechanism for these people. I can only speak for myself here however. I developed some romantic feelings for my best friend after a few years of knowing her. When she rejected me i wasnt mad at her or anyone else just at myself because i felt like i just wasnt good enough. Its probably enticing to shift that blame on the other party. I still value my friendship with my friend a lot but i gotta admit sometimes it gets a bit hard. She started dating another guy shortly after i told her about how i felt and obviously sometimes she shares stuff theyre doing together. On one Hand i like that because it makes me feel like she still enjoys being friends with me and wants to share some of her life with me as friends do. On the other hand those feelings i have dont just disappear and seeing her with someone else still stings and makes me feel like im just not good enough for anyone. Although i'd like to think i'm Handling it better than the guys in posts like this.
Nothing really. Fell in love with her right then. Although given how that turned out i should probably regret that.
Yes it does however pen Moskvas and other 50mm plating decks. Moskva can't do that even without HE. You still dont want to spam HE in stalin but it's worth mentioning.
Even then i'd call the Iowas the pinnacle. Just because of firing control etc.
LoYang only works against bad players. Whenever i face one i just let him get his gimmicks out of his system by turning away and then introduce him to superior firepower. Bless the 42%ers that feel like they're legally obligated to get farmed by LoYang Hydro. Ive also faced a german Bismarck today that was in a German Clan that couldn't even spell their name right. Ranked 1v1 is a magical place.
As far as i know they kept using the mechanical computers for the guns even during the korean war etc. Add to that the IJNs terrible track record at damage control and their memeworthy AA i don't really see how the Hotel could qualify as the pinnacle. It was the biggest one. But both the spruce goose and brabazon were big yet we don't call them the pinnacle of plane design.
I mean its a novelty gamemode thats present for a bit more than a week. Are you really asking for balance changes based on it for a ship that's in now way OP in normal random gameplay? A 1v1 gamemode has absolutely no bearing on how strong a ship is in randoms as should be obvious looking at Tirp. Or are you honestly saying Tirpitz is OP in a random environment?
Thats the reaction i get when i do the cache run for shellshock / high voltage in 2m9s :D
Equinox nukes the Tumor nodes with 4 while i cloudwalker around and Check all the cashes. With complete randos doing the objective normally i got it down to around 3m30s.
Vape Ape and practice really.
Honestly i don't really care about any of those issues right now because i'm just lonely AF. Have enough money to do shit but whats the point if you have noone to enjoy it with.
Especially from the guy who claimed IFHE on Des Moines feeeeels better.
The reason they get paid during the Investigation is that "annoying" presumption of innocence that the justice system is based on. How dare the police union actually be effective at getting their people a protection really all jobs should have.
Not to mention its exactly what the plane is Designed to do.
I once dropped like 16 or 17 Augur Secrets from a cetus Bounty. Thankfully didnt get flagged for anything.
You only need lua if you wanna build your own Jack.
With a rhino buff applied my Friends railjack oneshots crewships in the veil?
Great i can't wait for the Bus to come twice a day max. Hell even her in densely populated Germany a Village slightly outside the bigger cities will get Bus service maybe every hour.
Plenty of rockets use fossil fuels. SpaceX ones don't iirc fair enough. But liquid hydrogen and oxygen still require lots of energy to produce.
Theres more than one baker and you know that store just wouldn't get customers.
If walmart charged 3000 dollars for a loaf of bread people would just go to tesco. The guy in tradechat doesnt have a trade Chat monopoly in rhino primes. Stop coming up with shitty necessary to live product comparisons for frames in a videogame.
So i should be forced to always Pitch the lowest offer on waframe market cuz otherwise i'm overcharging?
Its not scamming. Selling a shitty sports car thats Infamous for being unreliable for 15 Million dollars is not a scam. its shooting yourself in the foot because noone will buy it. The guy in Ops post is not even pretending to offer a good deal or convincing anyone of anything. Hes just Putting up a price you can either pay or buy from someone else. Rhino prime etc pops up all the time in tradechat.
How is Gara a niche frame though? Shes practically the god of defense.
I distinctly remember lego ads and all that shit here in Germany. Kika might be an exception because its publicly funded.
It's part of the whole ARD ZDF etc organisation.
It's still not a scam you get what you pay for for the agreed upon price. Who gets to decide what is the right price? Why is everyone expected to adhere to it? If you don't wanna part with your parts for less than 200 plat that's your fucking business. Reminder that DE charges more than 300 plat for standard Rhino btw. On a platform where there is no opportunity to post a lower price from someone else. Does that make DE more scammy than the guy in the screenshot? DE doesnt tell you anywhere that you can get a better Rhino for a third of the price of normal rhino? We are not talking about necessities here. It's videogame parts. You're not depriving people of food or essential goods by piping up the price. Jesus people get a fucking grip i know the solaris are sympathetic but the anti capitalist circlejerk here is ridiculous.
So i guess DE is the uber scammer? They charge over 300 plat for standard rhino on their market platform where there is no chance of someone undercutting their offer. They don't tell you anywhere that you can get a better Rhino for a third of the price if you just head to warframe.market. So we're holding random people that have a real chance of never having used warframe.market to a higher standard than DE?
I'd disagree. I know animals are cute and all but to value Thema higher than those firefighters is asinine to me.
So? Theyre still not human firefighters with a much richer long lasting Connection to their Family and friends with life Goals and Dreams cut short by being burned to a crisp. Say what you will but even a billion dead lizards wouldn't compare to them in my view.
And if they lose Money i guess we just print more.
Every field Mouse is a mammal. Its not just 500 million cute koalas and kangoroos burning.
A government is not a Business but it can't operate at a constant loss. See Venezuela, pre war Germany or the soviet Union for vivid examples.
Why would i not oppose taxcuts to the predominantly rich? I'm not American i don't have a problem paying significant taxes but even here in Germany there's a limit to how much Money you can blow.
I literally said i oppose the Tax Cuts?
I dont see how the First example could connect to this. The plane in question showed no abnormalities in flight only after Standing still on the ground. Which makes sense if you Look at the listed cause. No airspeed = fuel can drip straight onto hot parts of engines whereas in flight it would have Just been blown away from the plane.
If you keep reading that article it didnt explode due to engine failure but a ruptured fueltank dripping fuel onto a hot engine while stationary on the ground.
That relies on how advanced your missile system is. A simple heatseeking missile for example might not have any Hardware on board to check transponder signals.
Its used to refer to large passenger aircraft.
Id have preferred a Kleber DPM nerf. This just forces it into the boring khaba playstyle and completely kills the more fun ambush gameplay. And it already got 500% turbofucked by CVs why Nerf the air conceal??? Another port Queen i guess.
Thats why i'd Like a DPM nerf. Make ambush still viable but less murderously oppressive.
I had someone argue this could never happen and its more likely both engines exploded because of maintenance faults to me. When pressed on what He thinks happened the hit me with the "fuel empties -&gt; engine explodes because its combustion based". Yes that person actually thought the reason an engine explodes is that it runs out of fuel. Yet that person will happily throw around assertions of what happened based on their gutfeeling of whats possible.
Germany and France are very close allies post WW2. Yet Germany still won't extradite a citizen to france. They prefer charging them for the crime in German court with the cooperation of the french authorities. There was a big case about child murder involving lots of corruption on the German side because of that a few decades ago.
230???? I bought one for 21 bucks of the market at some Point. Should have bought 2 and kept it jesus.
Smoking isn't popular but smokers still buy cars. Not like having a functional plug on the 12v port forces people to smoke or hurts normal drivers.
More like once the warhammer had pierced their sternum, or wrecked their helmet into an unrecognizable mush filled steel bubble. When they actually wanted to kill each other they would get out far more effective weapons than a longsword.
That particular Stat comes from a survey okcupid did a few years ago. They love to Quote it.
I think that selection occurs both ways. A below average looking Woman is also more likely to use a Dating App than a 10/10 knockout.
Depends on how the toxicity works. If it Blocks nerve receptors for example you could outcompete it with other chemicals. Nerve agents and atropine come to mind.
One of the nicer quotes from House of cards was something along the lines of "the true Character of a person isnt shown in how they handle Victory but rather how they endure defeat"
Could make a mage byleth with the sword of the creator as his final smash.
Two ICBM incidents. Silofire and the damascus incident where a Titan 2 Missile exploded in its silo although the warhead was recovered quickly. Fun fact it was the same missile in both incidents. They moved it to another Silo after the fire.
I really liked that part. Worked well for me.
While i agree with the General sentiment there's a lot of factors this cartoon glosses over. Looking at a Situation we have in Germany the one on the left might also think the only law they should adhere to is who has the strongest clan or thinks that women are inferior. Not all criticism on Immigration is based on "they're gonna take my Job". Some of it is based on "the culture they are used to is fundamentally and incompatibly different to ours and evidently many of them are not prepared to change".
I don't think any culture can be wrong or right in any objective sense. Because all the things we use to judge one are born of our cultures values. If murder wasn't deemed morally bad a culture that kills people for petty crimes wouldn't be so frowned upon if you know what i mean. But i do think it is unreasonable to come to a different country, reject their culture and try to impose your own. An arab clan extorting businesses in Berlin isn't improving our culture. The're trying to bring their culture of "rule of the strongest" here and i don't see why the people already living somewhere should be expected to be fine with that. They were not the ones who decided to go somewhere else. I'm not talking about the guy owning a kebabshop who prays five times a day but leaves everyone else alone. I'm talking about people who try to weaken the values our society is based on like considering men and women equal, having the state have a monopoly on administering justice. I don't think i could get along with someone who thinks their sister deserves death for having sex before marriage even if we have the same standard of living. There's more to getting along than having the same amount of money.
I'd ascribe the term to lost in translation. I'm not a native speaker so i'm literally translating the term used by politicians, the media and everyone talking about the subject over here. Do keep in mind that many terms while sounding the same can mean different things to different peoples. I know many people from the UK who refer to people from Pakistan for example as Asians when no german would ever intuitively call them asians here in Germany. The simple fact is that the clans currently in the news in germany are all from cultural backgrounds that are classified as arab over here. So that's what people call them. When talking about arab clans noone i talk to assumes that to mean all arabs are gang members. It's become a very specific term in our news to refer to a few quite big crime families operating in NRW and Berlin mainly. It's the same as talking about the russian mafia basically. Noone is assuming a news article about the russian mafia to say that all russians are drugdealers. If you're so hell bent on throwing out the entire argument because people use words that you deem offensive because you purposefully misunderstand the context they are being used in i can't help you. But feel free to keep speaking as to what i "really mean" as if you could look inside my brain. Just dismiss any criticism of something you support as dumb racists being dumb and you being enlightened and don't be surprised if that gets you more idiots like trump elected.
To be fair the only thing firing in Orbit would be the orbital maneuvering systems. The 3 big engines weren't supposed to fire in orbit. Especially after they ditched the giant tank.
I Always of thought "oh vallis of plenty" would fit better. I feel like the Solaris are tossing coins at me tbh.
I'm sure the guy putting in his hours at the supplier that delivers the tires even knew he was "assisting boeing in breaking the law". Pray do tell who will buy up all of Boeing? Airbus? Congratulations you now have created a complete monopoly on airliners. Or is Ford gonna buy Boeing assets despite not having any intrest in the plane market?
Then you have several dozen companies that can't compete with airbus and don't have the funds to start any new projects. Like it or not there is a reason the aircraft industry became as consolidated as it is. The nature of the aircraft market just doesn't lend itself to lots of small companies doing their own thing. Or are they supposed to compete in who can build the cheapest 737 version? I'm sure that wouldn't lead to cost cutting... The company also only has 2 assembly lines so how would that work? 2 companies maintain the ability to actually build planes and the rest are supposed to randomly drum up billions of dollar to construct their own assembly lines for plane designs they don't have the funds to develop? It's also not just Boeing. It's thousands of subsidiary companies that deliver shit Boeing uses that can't just suddenly create 15 different toolings for different companies specifications.
I'm not a conservative i'm not even american. I'm just a guy from Europe with an aerospace background that knows that a certain amount of risk has always been accepted by all sides concerning air travel. To be precise the well established acceptable number of catastrophic incidents is one per 10^9 flying hours. That's the number you have to prove to the FAA etc. to get your plane certified to carry passengers. Noone is asking for 100% safety because it is impossible to achieve. No mode of transportation is 100% safe. Expecting them to be is asinine and in denial of reality. I also don't see how it is morally right to punish a guy working the Boeing assembly line when probably had neither knowledge of or the power to stop any cost cutting the higher ups engaged in. How is killing one of the biggest employers in several states the preferable idea to actually going after the people that made those calls? That's what an investigative body like the FBI is for i would think? And i mean go after them with actual prison sentences. Don't just let them step down and collect million dollar bonuses from their corrupt board buddies. Just dismantling the entire entity Boeing however is short sighted and akin to cutting of your nose to spite your face. The company as an entity is already reeling from the 737 Max affair. So far the costs are estimated to be around 9.2 billion dollars. That is not small change even for a company the size of Boeing. I'm far from defending Boeing as an upstanding company. The union busting cost cutting in their non seattle plant is pretty disgusting to someone like me who lives in a country with actually decent worker protection. But once again the solution to that should be is get your asshats of congressmen to close those loopholes and prosecute the higher ups at Boeing for any illegal shit or gross negligence they have engaged in. Just dismantling the company itself out of spite helps absolutely nobody except angry redditors like you that can have a wank about how "justice" has been served. Because hating a collection of assets with no sense of self is a sane thing to do. Meanwhile the unemployed quota in several states just went up a huge amount but that's probably the morally right thing to do because the guy rivetting window frames didn't take down dozens or hundreds of people with an army of lawyers so he deserves it amirite? You are not saying "kill Boeing" because you have a moral compass but because you are a vindicative idiot hot for karma that can't look past their latestagecapitalism catchphrases.
When it doesn't gas its occupants again!
So did Stalin and Hitler at the time.
Running with a team of one Equinox to nuke Hives and one Wukong i got this run down to like 2m10s on average. It's my main plat farm these days.
You massively overestimate the size of the fireballs compared to how big the earth is. Even dropping them all on russia would leave unimportant areas in siberia etc untouched. At least untouched from a direct explosion the Fallout would be bad.
More likely people are panicking and everyone with a mild cough is flooding the hospital.
No obviously they carry water along in oak barrels.
That doesn't change the fact that a hospital flooded with panicking laymen means nothing to the actual scope of an outbreak. Some of these people might have it most will not and only played themselves by getting so cozy with the ones that do. The average Herd human isnt smart we're all dumb and fear driven sometimes. The Media drumming up fears every time doesnt help.
I'm as atheist as they come but that's Just top tier reddit hat tipping euphorious atheism. Last rites take what 5 minutes? What would the enlightened atheist doctors do in those 5 minutes please do tell.
But he screamed THERMONUCLEAR BAD in all Caps so he must know what he is talking about.
People respond well to being told that they are superior to others.
They didnt know how contracting a disease works. Nothings stopping a billionaire from flying to their Epstein Island and living off of canned food for a year.
Airborne viruses usually refers to it spreading through coughs and proximity to infected. It doesnt turn the air of an entire city into poison gas.
If well maintained they really aren't all that dangerous. A shitty pilot can also crash a plane.
Helicopter goes faster than any car will in traffic. A pretty standard EC135 will go 250km/h or 140knots tops. And thats with no traffic jam, no curves and no traffic lights.
You can have a helicopters engine fail completely that doesnt make it suddenly fall from the sky. Autorotation is a thing with them.
It's worth pointing out because some of the more extreme left leaners love to use that statistic to claim that the anti semitism is entirely home grown by Klaus and Peter just hating the Jews. Completely discounting the fact that their immigration policies for people part of a religion that generally hates jews might play a role.
Speaking out is fine. Making "demands" like 0 carbon (not even net zero) and then acting miffed about not being listened to is just asinine and attention seeking.
Not American and haven't ever watched a basketball Game. Still shout "Kobe" when a videogame character has a dunk like animation :(
Better to give everyone who finishes highschool well enough a chance at Uni than deny people any shot at all imo. That said standards at our Unis have been dropping because school was made easier to please Helicopter parents and pad education stats.
People just like fearmongering for karma. When they crash its usually because of shitty maintenance or pilot error.
Nuclear reactors were not intially designed for submarines. They were designed to produce energy and Plutonium for nukes. Hyman G. Rickover the father of the nuclear sub had to do a lot of convincing to get the navy to go nuclear.
And how many Helicopter rides has the US president done since the office started using them? Its usually bad maintenance or pilot Error.
Even a Formula one car is semi automatic and shifts with paddles on the steering wheel. People wanking themselves off about having a gearstick are hilarious.
There are plenty of inferior things out there that still exist purely because people like them.
The pure excitement of shifting in the daily commute Traffic jam!
Do you want me to Link you the article stating they are semi automatic gearboxes?
From Wikipedia: Formula One cars use semi-automatic sequential gearboxes, with regulations stating that 8 forward gears (increased from 7 from the 2014 season onwards) and 1 reverse gear must be used, with rear-wheel drive. The gearbox is constructed of carbon titanium, as heat dissipation is a critical issue, and is bolted onto the back of the engine. Full automatic gearboxes, and systems such as launch control and traction control, are illegal, to keep driver skill important in controlling the car. The driver initiates gear changes using paddles mounted on the back of the steering wheel and electro-hydraulics perform the actual change as well as throttle control. Clutch control is also performed electro-hydraulically, except to and from a standstill, when the driver operates the clutch using a lever mounted on the back of the steering wheel.
Well the fact that you Drive a Miata tells everyone all they need to know ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I don't think i can sum it up much better than this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhJMdiFggPQ
Literally the only step you're saving is the electronics deciding when to shift. All the shifting is done by the car. I don't see how that statisfies the whole "feeling the Transmission" bollocks the car nuts wank themselves off on.
Ist ja schön, dass du dich so sehr um das Kindeswohl und vor allem das der Mutter sorgst. Der Mutter die in dem Fall ihren Mann betrogen hat und sich von sonstwem hat schwängern lassen. Aber der Mann soll doch bitte einfach brav zahlen nicht wahr? Würde man die Geschlechter dabei umdrehen wäre Frau Schwarzer doch schon längst mit einer Miliz bei dir zu Hause.
They tried this shit when Obama was President. American hypergreed is not limited to the cheeto in chief not even the republican party.
There are also a lot of people that enjoy the gambling bait that is FIFA ultimate team. There are also thousands of 35% numbnuts that are Happy with wows the way it is because they'd be entertained by dangly keys along as they make boom sounds and resemble ships in shape. That doesn't mean the developers shouldnt be called out for doing something the playerbase that actually cares about mechanics doesn't like. The mouth breathers hunting CVs in their 20km torp shima will be happy either way. Game might as well be good for the rest of us.
Why tho the thing practically outguns you if it has more than 3 braincells (which luckily for you most of them don't have)?
As i said the old fart with no actual intrest in gameplay will enjoy the game as long as it has explody bits and ship shaped thingies. WG can cash in on them while also profiting off the people that actually care about mechanics and fairness. You can either get both demographics or you can just rely on the old farts with no standards. One of those would net them more money but require an ounce of competence.
Ich hoffe ja mal irgendwie, dass dir so ein Vertrauensbruch passiert "basierend auf deiner Partnerwahl" und dann reden wir nochmal darüber ob das keine Belastung ist. Aber du scheinst ja so erleuchtet, dass du jeden Menschen 100% durchschaust.
The argument that its because Sex is obviously dumb. But i would argue a lot of GoT Book characters are deeper than aragorn for example because they all have a bit of evil in them. There arent really any morally just good characters in GoT.
I'd argue that wasnt because the books were forgettable but because the last season was terrible. If the last LOTR movie was just Aragorn tapdancing and then opening concentration camps for Hobbits i don't think the series would be as beloved as it is either.
People really like to tell me private things about themselves. Maybe i just don't appear judging or something. So possibly some kind of lie detector ability? Or sniff Out what someone really wants deep down?
HIV will always kill you if untreated. Ebola will too pretty much. While this disease isn't harmless it likely won't reach the same death rates as either disease not even close.
To be fair i don't see what could be the alternative? They obviously won't raise that many cocks and people are not gonna stop buying chicken.
I bet you also throw out food the day it passes its best before date lol.
A hunk of meat won't dry out in less than 2 hours. If meat became inedible after 2 hours at room temperature all those people would be dead. Stop overreacting people.
For long term storage ffs. People didnt kill a deer and throw it in their portable salt barrel to take home. If 2 hours was all it took to kill you no Hunter in the Stone age would have ever survived.
Botulinum Toxin is actually broken down by heating it to 85°C. Also the Toxin is mainly produced when the bacteria are in Low oxygen levels. Thats why badly canned food is so vulnerable to botulism. Youre incredibly unlikely to get botulism from a steak lying on a counter for a workday.
Don't kid yourselves the horrible Toxin people here are afraid of is botulinum because thats the one that will easily kill you. You people are insane fearmongers its surprising you haven't died from a Heartattack after seeing a fly land on your apple once.
So you believe that you can eat food after its best before date but meat thats been sitting in a clean pot for a few hours is where you draw the line? Sounds sane.
They would also not be able to Cut a deer down to fine strips in 2 hours. Have you seen someone actually dismantle a deer? It takes a while and after dieing its at more than room temperature even. Hell by this stupid 2 hour rule no BC Hunter could have gotten his game Home and cut before it would have turned toxic apparently. Or do you seriously believe they all ran about with their pocket Barrel of salt to throw a deer in and roll home?
Every bacteria on a Pizza after cooking is dead anyway. I dont lnow what these people think lives in a potroast that has been cooking for 10 hours.
So you even admit you're just fearmongering?
No you have to contaminate it with something. Thats why you keep fresh meat away from cooked meat at all times. All the possible Salmonella on cooked Chicken is dead. But all it takes is using the same knife you used to cut the raw meat on the finished Chicken. Then you have introduce fresh live bacteria. If bacteria just generated on its own on food after cooking we'd have solved how abiogenisis happened decades ago.
Well it would be hard to not contaminate it at all. But you should be good as far as salmonella are concerned if you cooked it well. My mom always leaves the chicken from the homemade chicken broth covered over night as well as the broth before she puts it in the freezer. As long as you're careful to not cross contaminate with stuff you used on the raw meat nothing will happen.
*Flint Michigan*
We don't chlorinate tapwater in Europe at least not here in Germany. It's only used in "emergencies" when deemed necessary.
A truck killing 20 people at a christmas market is no threat to our democracy. Sounds dickish but that's true. Several million people with a mindset more fitting of a shithole in the 16th century are.
Polio has never been declared eradicated. We've only eradicated Rinderpest and Smallpox so far. So some cases each year are still to be expected for Polio.
Because antagonizing the source of the epidemic with more than a billion people is such a productive thing to do amirite. Do you want this solved or just stroke your justice boner?
Not yet. The spanish flu's first wave wasn't as bad. The second and third waves were much more deadly.
The only thing i don't really get is "don't ask women out" here. In my Gym like half the people have dated other people they know from practice. Most girls i know aren't that fussed about being asked out by someone who can respect a no without making things weird. I've had relations with a Girl i know from practice before and i don't see anything wrong with it. I mean are you only supposed to be allowed to ask a girl out on Tinder these days? Everywhere else automatically makes you a creep? Not how you handle being rejected?
I dunno then maybe write something Like "don't hound people to Date you at practice" instead of "don't ask out people from practice." If you don't want to be misunderstood.
Ive never actively avoided rolling with women and have never grabbed boob. It's not hard to avoid really. The only reason i sometimes avoid it is that i don't learn anything from it. I'm like twice their weight i can usually just lie in a sideguard and they can't get out. Only thing i felt bad about was accidentally giving a Girl a bloody lip one of my first times on the mat. She was very cool about it tho and gives me shit about it to this day lol.
Not really. Only ever if they don't wear a gi when they're new and instead wear some top with thin shoulder straps or Something. That sometimes has me worried i could rip them so i avoid grabbing them Like i would grab a gi collar. Never had any issues avoiding boob grabs personally.
From the episodes ive seen they rarely claimed the "kids" would get abducted. It was still 45 year old Family dads coming to the house hoping to fuck a 13 year old girl. They don't need to abduct anyone for that to be wrong.
They just equate it with organic Mercury compounds which are really dangerous.
Ah yes south Korea that well known european country. For an actual european reference you have roughly 4 Times our Population (Germany) but over 10 times as many dead.
PPE is a consumable Riot gear gets reused. There is a stockpile of IT PPE that at some point doesnt warrant being larger which is fine in most years but Sometimes you get fucked.
I mean say what you will but annoying sound is also nicer to the protesters than being permanently blinded by a watercannon.
They probably got him Off by saying that he didnt have the prerequisite mental state necessary for a crime. If they believe him that he thought the kid had a dangerous gun and fired in "self defence" when the kid turned around or something they'd probably let him off. I could in part agree since i think with the American gun situation an officer is likely to be much more on edge than for example in Europe where its much more likely someone is playing with BB guns.
So youre saying to elect that Guy as next PM? Got it!
This hypepiece garbage was posted before. Ridiculous how people Fall for it every time because they want it to be true.
Getting to mars only takes roughly 250 days. Given the stated 2033 timetable he'd be below 50. Weve sent up older astronauts.
Military flying hasnt been a requirement for astronauts since apollo.
Really hoping someone Decks her in the face tbh. This is the Kind of person that would deserve the treatment that old man at the protests got.
The intent to get into a streamers panties from zhe Mod side obviously.
How is the 50th Iteration of ship a vs ship b considered constructive and not a duplicate post wtf.
I dont think sidewide rules say you cant have memes when you want them. Mods powertripping hard is all i see Here.
I dont think people would be fair about it even if It was purely a physical condition. FDR hid his disability from as many people as he could to not appear weak.
Do you expect sympathy for your cancerous vautour spam?
Also the french lorraine arty piece.
Dont kid yourself the company doesnt give a shit about him being racist and he's never gonna Change. Only reason they let him go is PR.
Sir Foch would like a word.
Because there's a difference between some sicko trying to fuck 6 year olds and and an Idiot trying to get into a 17 and 3/4 year olds pants instead of waiting 3 months. The latter Guy is still an Idiot but to equate him with someone fucking actual children is asinine.
Guter Witz. Als ob auch nur 5 von denen tatsächlich vor nem Richter landen.
Yes yes Klaus and Herbert at it again nothing to see here.
Im always happy to see missile Carriers at tier 8. At least something to combat the cancerous voutour spam.
That shit is Common in clubs all around the world. The saddest/funniest incident i remember was here in Germany shortly after the Refugee crisis began. Some really left activist Scene club had to close their club to Refugees because the girls that frequently went complained about the Guys being incredibly disrespectful all the time. Even the Most anti racist crowds arent immune to the Same racist undertones they so often criticize.
As people have pointed out animal sedation but also dealers like mixing their supply with bakingpowder etc and Fentanyl / carfentanyl because its cheap compared to Heroin and still provides a high. Problem is of course people get the dosage wrong all the time... So the addict is thinking they are hitting a "Safe" dose of Heroin but theres fentanyl mixed in and they get a lethal Dose instead.
Say what you will but climate Change isnt trumps fault. He isnt doing much about it fair but it Started before he took office and there was no way for him to solve it completely either. Europe and China are Just as much to blame.
