Aww :(
&gt;Out makes three ?
...it does loop Maybe a browser difference? Edit: it repeats, but doesn't loop. My mistake!
WISE FWOM YO GWAVE
Oh, I see now. Yeah, the gif repeats but doesn't loop. Had my terminology wrong.
r/tippytaps
Aye
"Shared pain is lessened; shared joy, increased." \- Spider Robinson
OK, two guaranteed ways.
No, but they did anyway.
https://i.redd.it/13ztxzhkft531.jpg
Si, soy latte. Y tu?
Page 3 will shock you!
r/welltheywere
Thanks! Purchased. I really appreciated the US/EU version options and the chronological order
Human beans
Scientist 1: Wait, this can't be right. Scientist 2: Are you saying it's a typo?
Oh deer oh deer oh deer
Fucking hell
r/ihadastroke
Edgy.
r/rimjob_steve
*Cougar of Darkness
Thanks! I had already gotten the arcana and stam pots, but have over 1mil greens and no need to hoard them anymore. Went ahead and got the discounted ice, summon and earth crystals
r/foundthemobileuser r/itswooooshwith4os
Good borg.
Lady Gaga?
I'm sure there's someone willing to take your seven inches. ;)
Cowabunga!
\*dead*
"On second thought, you don't have to get in the bag, Nebby."
Just thought to myself "I have Noctis Arcane, it's not new", then took a closer look at the graphic. Hype get.
r/forbiddensnacks
ÈÊĚĘÉ èêěęėëé
A møøse was bitten by your sistér? Crazy story.
I'm sure someone would be willing to give her some.
Yeah, needs filler beads
Asleep at the wheel.
r/writingshittyprompts
It was on sale.
:(
r/ofcoursethatsathing
Looks like just one thin blanket
That conflicts with the idea of women being defined by their looks. What's the right balance here? My daughter is smart and beautiful. If I tell her she's smart will she stop trying hard? If I tell her she's beautiful will she think looks are that important? I want her to be strong and confident and I'm honestly not sure whether / when to compliment her attributes instead of her efforts.
I'm seeing it on mobile. Reddit is fun app
I'd like to see the last line as "we planted"
What's goin on?
Buoys will be buoys
That's a bingo!
I took the shell off my racing snail. Now it just seems sluggish.
About $23 usd? That doesn't seem so bad
#
And subbed
I has a hat
Elizabeth Banks.
Textbook bhj. Well done!
I hadn't seen the followup. Thanks for that
In a day or ^^twoooooo!
Biblically?
Like a surgeon, cutting for the very first time...
One more "c". They're not McHeat. ;)
*@MilpertHusky, isn't it?
Awakenings are on nearly every banner from now on and they work best with a chain. Chances at chains are less common. I'd say one more pull for the chain banner and start saving for next fest.
Hehe
Tyro's my Boi and was one of my first full dive characters, since I got Sentinel's Grimoire off a daily draw back when that was crazy rare. I've got DVG already as well so he'd have plenty to do. I guess the real question is whether that would be worth more than two chances at Awakenings right now. I'm thinking yeah, since there will be other chances at Awakenings later but not other chances for picking this USB without spending money (unless it gets added to anima...)
thatsthejoke.jpg
And if it ever is added, it'll be 6 months+ out
Love this!
"hmu" = "hit me up" In other words, "contact me". It was an expression of interest.
100-gem Rinoa earth Awakening. Don't mind if I do!
So, two fish were in a tank. Were.
What's the other part?
Don't feel like a failure, it's bit a perfect timing image; it's digital manipulation. I don't mind, as it's in service to a wholesome message, but don't let it make you feel anything negative if you can help it
Tentacruel
I see no problem here
My phone has started warning me if I'm using the front camera and it's angled too low
That's really cute
This is lovely. So much detail!
Rebels is canon, yes. I doubt they'd cover the same ground though
It seems to apply the NSFW tag as default for some reason
Australia: so hot right now.
Stop clapping then!
It had instructions?
Patrick Mahomes
This belongs in a museum!
Alias of doom! It's akin to cursing. So wrong, haha
Putting the "ow" in "meow".
Exactly where my mind went. Perfect execution
Thank you for brightening my day. :)
r/TIHI
Hahaha
Most won't. That's what makes the examples above so rare.
r/nathanwpyle
Sixth sigil
*fewer
Cat-apostrophe
No worries, it trips up native speakers also https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fewer_versus_less
Raspberry Lemonade
...that's not me.
Well I wasn't interested before, but I am now...
You win.
r/welldoneinsults
Your parents "lost" it
Many characters can start out irritating to give them somewhere to grow. I think it was the literal deus ex machina that ruined my suspension of disbelief.
Shhhhh
Direct link to the original: http://www.lunarbaboon.com/comics/tools.html
With the comma, I thought he was warning the shark.
Same. I haven't read or seen *Holes*, but now I'm curious.
So cute. Love these little guys!
Yeah, or even as two separate sentences: "Look out! Shark!"
r/dadjokes
Without one, where else would the poop go?
🤮
I wonder how long before this is used for virtual windows for basements, submarines, etc
Something like this maybe? https://www.color-hex.com/color-palette/45299 Or this one https://ooloopa.studio/gameboy-color-palette/
This looks awesome! I'd love to see more in the same style
Oh, that looks smoother! Really dig the designs. Must be windy today though
\*Chrono Cross intro music plays*
Needs more content
r/forbiddensnacks
Spoiler tag didn't work because there's a space between the letters and the exclamation points, and shouldn't be
#
Just needs a longer handle on the carpenter's hammer.
Kansas is a good place to live; terrible place to visit.
Bravo!
Or album name
And after clearing the gifts and using the tickets, might be worth clearing your cache
Floaty floof!
It's a good idea to do now and then, as there's data in cache that you'll never need again: weekly content, special events, fest battles, etc. After fest is far enough that it's not an annoyance but not so far that you've let it take up a bunch of space on your phone.
Yup! Like changing toothbrushes or home air filters. Four times a year is about right.
#
This is adorable. Thanks for brightening my day!
&gt;orherwise
Bloody awesome
r/TIHI
We all need somebody to love
r/lostbots
Aren't we there already?
Chocodos
##Whomst'd've
#BUNBOIIIIII
You're not alone
Risky click. Well worth the laugh
I'm Ron Burgundy?
I only watched the first episode. Need to give it another go
Or just call it "iterative development"
Oh! Thanks
I've see the question here about AASB dream selection a lot over the last few days (it's a little over 32 1/2 hours from now) but haven't seen a thread about it yet. Is anyone planning to make a "help me choose" type post?
And my axe!
Trying to picture him walking on three legs and trying to "punch" with one forepaw
Thanks! Will update the post.
Updated main post. Included here as well. - Ingus • Dark Knight Cecil • Paladin Cecil • Kain • Rydia • Bartz • Celes • Cloud • Tifa • Vincent • Sephiroth • Zack • Zidane • Tidus • Shantotto • Ashe • Alphinaud • Noctis • Agrias • Orlandeau • Rem Edit: also Squall, Seifer, Terra1
Indeed they are. Updating main list.
I would be if I hadn't bought him last time around
That's clever
Much better
I've got most everything for him and will be going for his Sync. Would like to use him more but not sure I'd be willing to spend money on him.
Pretty sure it didn't say "a a"
Ha! Wait til you hear about r/21CharactersAndNoMore and r/21CharacterLimitation then
https://www.reddit.com/r/FFRecordKeeper/comments/en0db2/aasb_dream_select_decision_thread/fdtn0p0
Meaning "correct", or meaning that the shiny still has "normal" smoke and shouldn't?
r/21CharactersAndNoMore
Valley of Plenty
Minor critique: I'd add "all *in* between" to match the meter of the previous line
Looks like! :)
Yup, do the fire pull and see where that lands you, if you don't get a fire Awakening then Vincent. If you do, then Squall
Just before Locke, I believe.
They accidentally a word.
Squall with BSB2 and Awakening is a powerhouse. Rydia is more versatile though
Spreadsheet is taking too long to load for me for some reason. What level of content are you looking at? I'd advise against Zack Awakening, but his glint might be worth pursuing. Cloud and sephy are insane if you already have their cap-breaking USBs. Rydia is a good all-rounder for magic. TGC is good for phys holy and both phys and mag dark. Lots to consider
u/title2imagebot
Et tu, Bruté?
Bend wrist. Snap wrist. Scene.
Wait, that was Tim Curry?
Didn't think I could love that movie more
Well, they do radiate
Since you've already got Alph, I'd go Noctis.
Choo Choo Backpack, obviously.
Skywalkaaaaaaa
Thanks. I was having a rough day and this helped.
No arguments against. He's solid with Awakening and BSB2.
Just need a small loan of 2 million dollars.
Oh, so now European is "normal"?
poeple
Sonic &amp; Knuckles
Aw, man
Shadow Sharpie
There, their, they're.
Urge to destroy world rising.
Finally! Time to re-spec some magia
F
Still working through a few elemental and realm 15s
Points in Vincent's favor. Ain't nobody's business but the Turks. ;)
Maybe a touch high. 5x?
Maybe a Yiddle.
Just don't tell him that.
There is no context.
Portal eyes
Here's hoping
u/vredditshare
Nugget?
James Gunn?
One is a person. The other, an action.
Yeah, that would be hilariously awful
That's rad
Likely a licensing issue, as there were several big name companies involved
"I'm Daddy Pig! I'm going to lie to my kids to avoid making myself look bad!"
Good bot
How ironic
Bwahahahaha
Yup. r/moomies
u/vredditshare
Levi isn't all that tough compared to Ramuh. You said you don't have Tifa yet but didn't really discuss earth tech. How's your Ramuh build looking?
"Because you're doing it all wrong. Why place two on a single 'o' anyway? You're just making my point for me."
Manhole cover was turned the right way in that one
Once you go black...
Well, if you have to buy and don't have anything particular you want at the moment, I'd say wait for 5a. All these Awakenings are on the next dream select with more besides. The iTunes cards aren't going to expire in the interim
Reminded me of [this](https://i1.wp.com/media.giphy.com/media/ifxLK48cnyDDi/giphy.gif?w=584&amp;ssl=1)
Took me a sec to realize she had a full tail and that wasn't her other leg. :D Cute sploot!
And I thought r/AVoid5 was impressive.
It's inspired by the story "A Void", which which does not use the letter "e"
No wonder you didn't consider Tifa, haha I've gotten a lot out of Rydia, but when I got her I still had four 5* magicites to go. I'm just starting on Odin now. Maybe wait for 5a? Or go for Ashe waifu
Squall is probably the best of that bunch. There's a lot of good holy tech available and much as I love Cecil he's hard to recommend. Zidane is a powerhouse and you already have usb2 but if you don't want him then don't. :) As for the others, there are several more opportunities in 5a
🎶Butterflies in the gym, I can see three of them! Whoops, that one's a moth. This happens a lot, In Pokémon GO.... 🎵
The XIII tat is a cool idea
“Fool of a Took! This is a serious journey, not a hobbit walking-party. Throw yourself in next time, and then you will be no further nuisance.”
Well now so am I.
Cornered.
#
^These ^recursion ^jokes ^are ^kind ^of ^repetitive
Mewowth?
This sounds like a hell of a sitcom
Well, it's been 4 hours since their last post. RIP in peace
Stan is a fanatic stalker. "falker" seemed a bit too on the nose I guess
r/trashtag
Thought it was r/neverbrokeabone
Don't be sorry; they'll just have to bear with it.
His mistake was not turning the skill upside down... Funny comic though
You know when you're playing fetch with the dog and you pretend to throw the ball but don't actually throw it? The pitcher can't do that to the batter.
Haha, love the references. Thanks for the entertainment!
Pineapple app hoopen
This made me chuckle. Thanks for that!
This makes me giggle.
You can like kittens and still not want a cat.
...Manson
Nose Drive.
I like the original better actually
Sword fight!
Yeah, I could totally see... ...wait, *woman*?!
Initiate docking sequence
r/suicidebywords
Shiny? Was it from field research?
Does this affect their footprints in sand, snow and/or mud?
That looks great! Tails next?
When it becomes a parent
That's cold, man.
That's funny.
Yeah, I've seen it too. Due to the cold weather. We cool.
r/barkour
Risky click
And Smogon
Pocket camp, ~~Isabelle~~ Tommy's fortune cookie Thanks, u/savageboredom!
'sall good
What's the advantage?
I figured Google got something out of it. Advertising revenue or something
Ah, there it is. Thank you.
Live hamsters.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bandnames/comments/esfe41/coronavirus_with_lime
Are you me?
I thought the tractor was going to fall over
Together, we make the world a funnier place.
Well, it IS tall grass
r/ofcoursethatsathing
Oof.
And every one well-earned.
Wouldn't that hurt their paws?
"Why are you letting your dog carry a tree?" "Well, are YOU going to take it away from him?"
You tried.
K.
Whenever I see a post like this, I immediately check nearby for shinies. Nope, nada.
They imploded. We moved to r/boneachingjuice
You're unnecessary. Be nice.
Bored.
Oh! That makes a lot more sense, haha. I'm glad it's not 500 battles, that would be insane!
Ouchies?
Or perhaps r/bandnames
#BOB
That's the only way it's fun
Congratulations, you made squares look soft. I'm in awe.
💙
Deermation
Vere ees squirrel?
r/drifties
He chilled out
Well, shit.
Have to ask "who was Moscow Mitch"
It's gold, Jerry!
The shadows really got me. I thought they were standing. Well done!
Rockin
#THOK
r/welldoneinsults
It was good enough for Megaman.
Classic scared dog
Core banner. Three discos and a rainbow. All dupes, except... Elarra Glint+! Exactly what I've been aiming for! I can buy her Awakening (or get it from draw 2 pick 1). Finally done with the Core banner!
Whirlipede
So she could focus more on ac and less on you?
Joltik would like a word. :)
It contains no trapped gasses.
r/itswooooshwith4os
And because MiB now includes women.
#
I have become Comfortably num
Nice
Went to r/num yesterday and was assigned the number 2069. It's a sign, apparently. I'll probably just say "nice" a lot.
Blue, red, and green as well!
Slyt-shaming! Hahaha Thanks for doing these, I've always enjoyed the effort and been amused by the clever writeups. RIP in peace, Crystal Tower
Oh, that's clever
Smash?
u/vredditshare
Album: Days that end in Y
Lovely. Good bot
Heckin sour
Wish I had 30 million in inteest
"Where do you keep the condoms?"
T H I C C A T
They should have just stopped at 3
##Okay.
You can go back and edit. I think it'll make your original point better
Fair play. :) Cheers!
You do you. Everyone should have a hobby that makes them happy and no one should make them feel less for it.
I got a rock.
Not sure about them, but I had an issue where I couldn't unfavofite pokémon. I could tap the star and it went away but when I went back to the pokémon list it shows back up again. Tried transferring it individually and it hourglassed until I force closed.
But how do you get in?
And this one is in the treasure chest. Genius!
Yip yip!
This whole exchange is r/wholesomereddit
I went to Great Clips this week. They have a sign on the door saying to wait outside, someone will be with you in a moment. Then a lady with an iPad came out to check me in. No entry without a mask and a strict limit of 10 people inside. Max I saw at one time was 7. The stylist used her comb to hold the ear straps of my mask aside while trimming in that area. Pretty decent precautions, all things considered
How many feet in a space? 2? Seems about right
Every person who has ever died had it in their system. Coincidence?
It's all downhill from here.
It's all Greek to me.
Rock and roll Or maybe a ballad
My printer is a Brother, and it can't breathe.
Protip: "unexpected" is 10 characters and it gets used a lot. Makes counting quicker
So you're saying there's a chance...
It's not their list; it's a compilation of all the top level comments on this post.
Are you sure? Because I'm 99.99997% sure TheDkone is not a bot.
Oh, right. I keep forgetting there's a wedding event. Need to get around to doing that this weekend
Power armor.
Fish for Whitney
*Marshal has entered the chat*
I'm getting chills thinking about it. That would've been perfect
"What's the matter? Never seen a man in a pink shirt before?"
Better run.
I kept waiting for ME3 to have a complete edition. Finally ended up just buying all the dlc and such on 360 a few years ago and by then something had changed in me and I didn't feel like playing it anymore. I loved the first two games but have yet to play more than a few hours of the third
And those who are proficient in it would be considered to master Bateman
He learned his lesson
I know I've lost a few being part of silly chains like "Cat."
Do you think if we give them an onion they won't be so angry?
One, a two-hoo! Three \*crunch* Three.
Oh, I haven't made any; I've just filled up on what others have created.
I was trying to figure out what "might" meant and figured it was "mate" with an accent, haha Voice to text maybe?
Good eye, might
❤️
Before the edit it just said "That looks super nice might"
Luke Warm and the Tepid Mess
Yay, I got a cost of living increase! But benefits went up. Increase is less than the benefits. It costs me more to exist this year than last year. America.
Gallade?
Nah, for a proper World War, some countries have to stand together against a common enemy. We'll likely see more widespread civil unrest and perhaps civil wars though
A whole pizza would be too cheesy.
Black lights matter.
Lovely! Thanks for this. Would it be unreasonable to request that "pls" and "please" also trigger the response?
Ah
r/BeforeAndAfter
Now with minty-fresh scent!
Gentatsu is a Kenshin character, and a possible historical figure related to martial arts. Not sure if it has meaning as a word; I've only seen it as a name.
ø
r/21CharactersAndNoMore
The design was just unveiled yesterday. How many repost were you expecting?
I think I prefer Play Stationator
Thanks, I was thinking about this post today as I was watching the percentages and couldn't remember where I'd read it.
Thanks! Just updated mine
r/angryupvote
"E" is overrated r/AVoid5
If I had to guess, it was "fist" instead of "first"
How can you tell, through those shorts?
r/superbowl
"What? The ground is hard."
I love Reddit. You guys are awesome.
"Alexa, add salty crunchies to the shopping list"
But then how would they convince you to buy build a ladder?
*Xone For the initials.
Don't worry about downvotes here. There are some salty lurkers who downvote literally everything
You have to do some work for Nook, building a bridge and three plots for houses to get the recipe. Either way, it's just gated progression.
Only one? This is a travesty! We need more Gay Bowsers in the world.
Gorgeous! Love the coloring and older take on Tyro and Elarra
"Is that a mushroom dumpling?" "Well, it's shroom-ish."
Bonus track: Broken Arms
Y tho
So salty.
Until it costs him an arm and a leg.
Seems like it'd be a relatively minor patch
Your English is good. :)
Is that a wig or a ton of work on your hair? Either way, it's spot-on
##🎵I'll be there for youuuuu...🎶
It can do so many things, and stand in for so many glyphs. Also: commanding Appa with "yip yip" is always amusing.
Oh, gotcha. They were just playing contrasts, not really meaning that you were insulting OP.
Thanks, bot. Got it.
Filed taxes together. No ceremony. You might even say we got paid for it. Can't afford to divorce even though we broke up years ago. Cheaper to still file together. I guess we'll technically be married forever, at least according to the irs.
So they don't have any rhesus pieces?
#
I'mma head out.
As a reboot. Danny DeVito plays Pikachu of course.
I'm sure you put a lot of work into it, but it looks like ASS.
Sprite
When your pole is just a tympole
I want some out too!
Secreted my coffee.
"Thanks, Obama." \- Barack Obama
Pl
It's an old "trick" for ensuring you get freshly-cooked fries. Asking for "no salt" means they can't just fill your order from the salted fries under the heat lamp and instead have to make a fresh batch.
Boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew.
#NOOOOOOOOO...
I picked some up recently and they felt kind of... Rough. Sharp? Stiff? I just remembered them being softer when I was a kid
But how do you get up high enough to grab the hilt?
I love this! Always fun to poke fun at tropes
\*checks pockets* Oof, knew I should've grabbed that from the shed in chapter 2.
Cool idea!
r/birthofasub
Ah, the cushy koosh.
#
More like a mother term, amirite? Cuz yo momma... Never mind.
r/rimjob_steve
Maybe it was put third.
The parentheses really jacked with your link
#
Chicago.
*🚶*
A sea anemone, my emeny
Thanks for the warning.
Yes.
Just to be that pain in the ass guy: "Manticore" only has the one "a". I know you can't edit titles, but... Well, maybe it'll come in handy for next time? Also, thanks for still making these. I usually see them before the text-heavy posts and they're very useful quick reminders.
Now I'm picturing Manticore with an additional set of manta-ray "wings" as the logo on an orange soda bottle.
Mantycoar
Money can be exchanged for goods and services.
Really? I thought it looked pretty soft.
Oh, don't worry! Puns are the best way to learn the intricacies of language. "Hard" in your case meaning "difficult" but in mine meaning "firm". Playing with double meanings is a big part of humor. Your English is fine and getting better all the time. :)
Master Chief? John?
RELOAD!
Didn't they just add that recently? I thought I saw more granular parental controls in a recent announcement (so we could hide Caillou, for example) but don't remember the exact details
&gt;In case you're not being silly and would appreciate the heads up, it's grammatically incorrect to end a sentence with "you're" along with the other contractions ending in 're/'m/'ve/'ll/'d. Well maybe you wouldn't but I would've. ;)
Complaining about villagers is a way to reset them to their default clothing, catch phrase, maybe nickname too. It's not about getting rid of them
OMG I laughed so hard r/unexpected even though I totally should've r/expected it
And yet I still managed to get three rainbows.
Are you sure about that? 'cause I don't know if they're ok either.
Titles can't be edited, but you're welcome to resubmit if you like
Ha! Nice
Huh. I knew 45 was active on Twitter but didn't realize he was on reddit.
That sub went sideways a while back. r/boneachingjuice is the reasonable alternative
It's a joke about the current US president sometimes being referred to as "45"
I ain't got no crystal ball. Apologies.
Should've been "overcoming"
Observation
Joke's on them; my first pull was 100 gems.
So it goes.
"Don't be a sheep, like this little bitch. Here, hold this, sheep."
That ice cold water is enough to make anyone thirsty.
The passive-aggressive way to say "I've already got one"
For me it's Static. My favorite little guy right now
The exception that proves the rule.
https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/hgicmc/is_facebook_the_new_fox_news/fw4kbh7 ...no
RIP, Mitch
Pretty cool, all told
That's badass
It's 100 myth, but the sync is random from a small pool, not one you can select.
...now I need this.
Some of them would BE those pictures dogs take.
...I need to give one to Ribbot.
Heoves the strength and the weapons. He hates that there are so many PEOPLE involved, as he has zero empathy and is purely selfish. He only loves what the military can do to make him look good.
Bosnia, Herzegovina, baby... Don't you know that I love you...
Deserves to be a Subreddit, I think. With stories that deny the existence of COVID-19
True, but this isn't a race.
&gt;^(I appreciated the ribbing, btw.) That's what she said.
Which made it super easy for Sony. They went on stage and showed how easy it was to share games by handing a disk to a friend. Really embarrassing for Microsoft.
We tend to latch onto a thing and run with it if it has even the barest hint of meme potential. We crave "belonging" and inside jokes are an easy way to be part of something bigger than ourselves, even at a small scale.
Fucktales. Woo-hoo!
He only drinks the blood of his enemies.
Best I could manage was merely surly.
Wait, I think you doubled your negative.
Hey now, if you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
There's a third one though. They said there was NEVER NOT a point where that WASN'T true. Meaning they have never been the same age. What they meant to say is that there was NEVER a point where that WASN'T true. Meaning they have always been the same age.
&gt;the same the same
We just added a routine based on the blink camera activity. Notifies us by voice in the office during the workday, kitchen in the evening if there's activity out front.
The first set with the on-off should probably be reversed so off is on the left and on to the right, same as the switch with o and -
Welcome welcome. :)
My absolute favorite
It's as sensitive as the camera. So it all depends on how you have the camera set up. We have ours set to a fairly narrow area so it only triggers on the driveway and front steps. It's pretty good at recognizing movement within its defined zones and ignoring the rest. We did have a squirrel on the porch trigger it a few times
Consistency, mainly. And I'm not sure if it's a localized phenomenon, but left/off, right/on just *feels* right. It's more intuitive
AfterNBeforeAdoption
Yes. Yes it is.
