Wow, you tell this lie a lot on Reddit huh?
Dude, you can keep repeating the same bullshit over and over again, but literally anyone with a brain can see that Rey and Ben were set up from the beginning. This is getting sad. I'm out.
And yet literally almost everyone disagrees with you. Almost as if your opinion doesn't mean shit.
Out of curiosity, what rescue do you work with? I work with a couple in town.
Wow, I'm very familiar With them. Me and my roommate worked with SAPA for years but started working with God's Dogs over the last 2 years. I actually have two God's Dog's fosters at the house right now. Small world.
Do you have any idea when this was filmed? Do some research before you say moronic shit.
You just made the same senseless argument twice and you seem irrationally angry in general. I'm out before this gets sadder.
Yep, definitely a twelve year old. Carry on.
Chet got adopted a while back. Sorry!
Pretty much exactly what I expected.
Where on this list does it say that? This is about the *rise* of Two Fascists.
That has absolutely nothing to do with this conversation. You claimed this list was hyperbolic, and now you're backpedaling because you can't back up that claim. The fact that Trump hasn't managed to kill as many people as Hitler speaks way more about the system checking him than it does him.
Ahh, get proven wrong and resort to petty personal attacks. A staple of the weak. The post implies nothing. It listed facts. Sorry they don't fit your narrative.
No. I'm just pointing out that your point was nonsense.
Anyone who uses phrases like "butt hurt sjws" non ironically is sad as hell.
It would seem you're a little *butthurt*?
Imagine congratulating an idiot for fucking up this hard.
Asking artists to not speak out politically is one of the dumbest and most naive takes there is.
Really? Outing someone without their consent is less offensive than a dick joke on twitter?
This dude legit laid out his plan for years on Twitter by accusing Obama of it and now all of his followers are trying to put on a surprised Pikachu face.
Bruh. He found her sleeping naked with two other guys. That isn't a delusion, and it doesn't matter if they had sex or not it's still an extremely disrespectful thing to do to your partner. Especially if you are going to lie about it.
It's not a "fellow kids moment" every time someone uses internet words.
Dude, based on a cursory glance at your comment history you're both a science denier and an open racist. So excuse me if I don't regard you as being worth my time.
Because you're absolutely wrong?
What does that have to do with anything? He just committed an act of war without congressional approval to distract from his own impeachment and your defense is "Iran didn't do much in return so it's ok".
Let's see, constant brutal forced impregnation, immediate separation of a bonded mother and child, the males are either shot or sold for veal and the females get the same treatment as the mother. What about that is proper? Don't get me wrong. I consume dairy and I know that makes me a hypocrite, but there is no such thing as non cruelty dairy farming.
why do right wingers have zero regard for human life?
It was never alive in the park. Great whites can't even live in captivity. It was just a preserved specimen in formaldehyde.
So you're just gonna tell blatant lies and not expect anyone to call you out on your bullshit?
Another lie. He banned him from Mar a Lago due to a legal recommendation by his attorneys because Epstein committed assault there. Stop spreading misinformation all over this thread.
Please point out where I said that. I simply pointed out that his claim that "many of the women admitted to making up the story." Is an absolute falsehood.
I literally never once claimed to have proof of the allegations. I merely pointed out that his claim that "many of the women admitted to making up the story" is an absolute lie and did not happen. *That* is the blatant lie. So are you really this stupid or are you being purposefully obtuse?
Yep, you really are that stupid. &gt;Trump has been accused of sexual assault and rape 10 or 15 times in the last 4 years all of the cases have been dropped and many of the women admitted to making up the story just to get famous, or because they were actually paid to make up a story. This is the comment I replied to. Nothing in this statement is true. It is a lie. this shouldn't be that hard for you to understand.
Sexually assaulted a large unknown number of women?
First off ,You have no evidence that he's innocent. There is plenty of evidence that he is guilty. You are literally accusing a shitload of women and children of lying. Secondly, the comment you replied to had nothing to do with that. So not only are you a sad moronic defender of a bigoted racist, but you don't seem to be able to read very well either. Another thing you and Trump have in common. Have fun being on the wrong side of history you absolute head case.
I just gave you an entire list of facts just for you to ignore them. Tell me are you a child? If you're just this stupid that's fine, but I would hate to harass a child.
Yes you absolutely are. A man who has been accused of sexual assault or harassment by over 20 women, has been repeatedly filmed and photographed with a child sex trafficker for many years who he has publicly called a "friend", a "terrific guy" and "really fun to be around" . Only to later lie and say he "barely knew him" and "never liked him". The fact that you think people who suspect Trump of being a sexual predator are "biased" shows a willful ignorance of incredible heights. You support a monster, own up to it or change. Stop being a sniveling coward about your own loyalties.
There you go. why should you respond to facts when you can just insult people before you crawl back into the shadows? You're sad, and everyone can see through your pathetic attempts at bravado and pride. You know you made the wrong choice but you are completely unable to accept it. I hope one day you mature enough to know that it's ok to make mistakes and that you should just own up to them. Otherwise you'll just remain a purposefully misinformed coward. Have fun being on the wrong side of history. I honestly pity you.
Look here it's someone who thinks you need kids to recognize shitty parenting.
Some of the "allegations" I listed were literally confirmed by Trump himself. All of the homophobic policies I listed? Absolute indisputable fact. The fascist leanings? Also indisputable. You're actually suggesting that for the last 50 years countless people have accused a man of racism (which he has admitted to) and sexual assault (which he has bragged about on multiple occasions.) and that they were all lying. That is textbook willful ignorance. It's pretty pathetic.
I don't understand the issue?
That's twice I've given you that same in depth list with sources, quotes and interviews , and twice you have ignored it in favor of silence. Stop pretending you want actual discussion and just accept that you won't read anything that goes against your narrative.
The goddamn outlaw gerrymandering is out of control. This dude actually lost the popular vote for outlaw king, but that's the outlaw electoral college for you.
I just provided you with concrete, sourced proof of his bigotry. Including an interview in which Trump himself.admitted to the statements. If you're going to continue to ignore my evidence and not even try to scrape together a rebuttal then I'm done. You really aren't worth my time.
The visual equivalent of "I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed."
AutoMod is repeatedly removing my comment for having so many links. I'll PM it to you, but let's face it. Without the accountability of open discussion, you aren't even going to respond.
The fact that you immediately owned up to it makes you better than 90℅ of Reddit.
That's a selfish rule tbh.
This depiction is trashy as hell no matter what you believe.
How the fuck is this clever? It's just misrepresenting a situation to guilt people.
I think it's selfish and unhealthy to think that your SO owes you sex.
I mean I guess that's better than what I thought. I just think it's easy to get sketchy when you think you're owed sex.
Which makes zero sense as a metaphor. A baby pulling it's mother's heart strings? In an image that is supposed to be shaming the mother? It has zero substance.
Slow strokes with constant eye contact.
I see that. I kinda misinterpreted the general idea behind your statement.
I really hope you're joking.
There's a massive difference between sexual frustration and expecting your partner to fuck you whenever you ask them to.
The fact that you think that this video could have made it this far without being called out countless times as a fake if it were one says a lot about how people like Trump get elected.
You don't have to to charts to make. Wale definitely has a few mil.
Why wouldn't you?
Satanists don't believe in God or Satan. They just like the symbolism of the ultimate rebellion.
I mean, it's not like he will have had anything to do with it. Trump has done nothing for the people of Iran except ban them from the US and threaten their cultural sites.
You are completely wrong. While individual dogs may have medical conditions that are alleviated by cropping. There are no breeds that benefit universally. It's a barbaric practice and you should do actual research before spreading misinformation.
Imagine claiming that all of the people who suck in your movement are "lefties larping". Grow up and own your monsters.
You're going to acquire a loan *and* make these purchases in 24 hours?
No he didnt?
You should know that your beliefs are bad and harmful to those around you.
You seem a little unhinged tbh.
No. *Objectively* bad, you're putting others at great risk for no reason.
He told people to give Trump a chance after he was already elected, and then later said that he had been proven wrong. If you think that's an endorsement then you don't know the meaning of the word.
From Wikipedia: &gt;A political endorsement is a public declaration of one's personal or group's support of a [candidate](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Candidate) for [elected office](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Official). In a multiparty system, where one party considers that it does not have enough support to win power, just prior to the election, the official representative of that party may give an official endorsement for a party that they consider more likely to be a contender. It wasn't prior to.The election. And it wasn't in support of Trump. He literally stated we should wait to see how a politician acts in office before judging them, and he later condemned Trumps actions. It's in no way an endorsement no matter how bad you want it to be.
Good job being an ass instead of just admitting you were wrong. Imagine mocking someone for using actual sources. Are you a child?
1. No not doesnt. 2. He in no way supported Trump. 3 He didn't change his mind since he never came out in support. It's ok to admit when you're wrong you know?
That is in no way of confirmation.of the abolishment of the old Testament. How are you going to ignore.The fact that he implicitly stated he was not abolishing old law.
That's literally your opinion. You are welcome to call them selfish all you want, but at the end of the day it should be *their* choice.
Condoms fail, pull out never works and birth control is not only not 100% but some women can't take it. You seem to have a 12 year olds understanding of this matter.
That's a bullshit number you pulled out of your ass. Stop trying to police other people's bodies.
You people are the ones refusing to acknowledge the complexity. You believe you are right and you want to ban it. You refuse to accept that others may know more. Classic projection.
You want to ban it to people who you don't think deserve it. It's the exact same thing and arguably worse.
You aren't a psychologist.
You have literally stated that you think some people should be able to get them and some shouldnt. Stop backpedaling.
&gt;24 year old college educated girl from a good family who “isn’t ready” and “wants to pursue her career”? Fuck you, you selfish bitch. You’re having that goddamned baby Can't wait to hear your spin on this.
You literally stated she would be forced to have the baby. You have zero understanding of nuance and simply want to police others. If you're going to hold shitty beliefs you could at least not be a coward about it.
It would seem you're incapable of facing your own words.
Pointing out that what you said is completely untrue isn't being Pedantic. Plenty of first world countries have better utilities and living conditions than the US.
In the past month you have claimed to be a laid off stay at home dad, a restaurant manager and a psychologist. which one is the lie?
All of the comments I referenced were in the last month and all in present tense. Not to mention the fact that having a B.S in Psychology and being an addiction therapist doesn't qualify you for the title of psychologist (You need a Doctorate for that, but surely a Psychologist would known that). So how far are you willing to dig this lie? By the way, when you immediately jump to personal attacks when challenge it makes your lies more evident.
A man died an these cops made a t shirt parody of his last words. This has nothing with disputing a narrative, it's tasteless, trashy and cruel at best.
My bad. Looked covered on mobile.
Lying was easier than telling the truth we get it. You could've just said "I studied psychology." You got caught lying, you made up a half assed explanation and now you're stuck. Just admit to being a liar and move on dude. It's the internet, people suck on here every day.
I mean it only determines whether your original statement was true or not. But you do you man.
this shows such a lack of understanding its incredible. This has nothing to do with why Trump was impeached. Trump literally withheld promised aid in order to sway *an election*. if this is all you have then get help
If you need the fear of a God to care about others then you are absolute trash.
Again, if you need religion to care about others it means you are a bad person.
You do realize that if some people don't watch ads or pay for premium then YouTube creators wouldn't be able to exist right?
There is literally nothing true in this comment.
That's how they all react when faced with facts. sudden radio silence.
This is why nobody takes you seriously. Whenever anyone questions your beliefs you call it "crazy theories" and accuse me of worshipping myself. I have decades of anthropological and psychological studies to back me up, what do you have? Also, if your definition of being a good person is being a Christian, then not only are you an asshole but you're also preaching against the words of Christ. why do you Christians have such a poor understanding of your own bible? Humanity survived with empathy and caring for about 193,000 years before your God was invented. How do you explain that?
Sit the fuck down somewhere.
Imagine how fucking snazzy the gay Mafia dresses.
You can also put a bit of coconut oil in the carpets food to give it a shinier coat.
Name 3 reasons to have a "seething hatred" of Obama besides race. I'll wait.
AutoMod is removing my reply because of all the links. Here is my reply in three screenshots and I'll PM you the links. Let's see if you actually respond. https://imgur.com/a/Hybrwk6
So not only are you ignoring my entire post. You have revealed yourself as a bigot. Grow up and be better.
&gt;you are racist Show me an example. &gt;you are apparently ok with your own party rigging its own primary I never even mentioned this subject. Why are you ok with Russians rigging the general election? &gt;you are ok with your party funding the creation of a fake dossier to then be used to weaponize the fbi in an attempt to take out a political opponent. Show me proof the dossier was fake. &gt;Furthermore you are upset at the current president for trying to get to the bottom of what looks like corruption from the last admin in regards to biden and his son. And accuse trump of doing what obama actually did with a quid pro quo. The current president is trying to once again use a foreign country to win the election. Show me any proof of your claims about Obama. &gt;as to the mental illness remark maybe that was the wrong term, I should have used genetic disorder perhaps? Let me explain for you, 2 men or 2 women cannot reproduce offspring, this would go against natures programming therefore it is a defect. In todays day and age we have come to see this defect as acceptable as it doesnt harm anyone else so let them be. This works in the same manner as with todays medical advances many people who would otherwise have a life threatening disability as in one that would hinder their mobility greatly, can still live happily til their end days. Just so you understand since u seem pretty dense I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH LGBT DOING THEIR THING BUT I DO NOT THINK THEY SHOULD BE GIVEN SPECIAL TREATMENT SIMPLY FOR BEING LGBT. First off, this is the dumbest and most unscientific explanation for Homosexuality I have ever seen. Not being attracted to the opposite sex is not a genetic disorder. This is the same as if you called a certain hair color a genetic disorder. These people are perfectly capable of physically reproducing. They choose not to because of their sexual attraction. Read a book. Secondly, PRIDE month isn't about special treatment, it's about gaining the same treatment as everyone else which I have already shown you isn't the case. &gt;The only people I see trying to shame or in the case of reddit downvoting into oblivion anyone who has a differing opinion from the one they have is the people on the left, ironically enough you guys are the true fascists lol This is a child's response, look up the definition of fascism. You have *still* failed to address any of my actual statements because you have no argument, and you're perfectly ok with the fact that you've tied your entire identity to a racist, homophobic rapist. Simply put, you don't care that you're on the wrong side of history. I'll ask one more time, Can you dispute *any* of the evidence I have given you about the bigoted nature of your party?
Honestly this is dope.
Spider-Man snapped Gwen Stacy's neck when he caught her with a web while she was falling too fast. (She would've died on impact anyway but the force of the sudden stop did kill her)
I can't bring myself to feel sorry for someone who's job is to manipulate young people into giving up their life by making empty promises and targeting people in bad financial situations.
And what if your beliefs fall in line with that of a massive cunt?
Name a single reason someone supports Trump that doesn't make them a shit head. I'll wait.
If I recall correctly that was an alternate timeline. Still weird as hell though.
You're actually trying to argue that an AR 15 is better suited for close quarters protection. Have *you* ever fired a gun?
&gt;They may give to charity Trump has been caught stealing from charities multiple times. &gt;They may have been raised like that Plenty of people have different views than they were raised with. &gt;They may be brainwashed. They may not know all his policies. They may no know any better. They may not believe what they have heard. In the age of information ignorance is not an excuse. &gt;They may have murdered 50 people and raped thousands. They may be one of those monster truck owners who, when flooded, use their own time and money going out of their way to be cunts. This is nonsense word salad. &gt;This person posted on here with an open mind knowing how it will probably go. They had no reason to proclaim their support for Trump on this post. This is the exact response they wanted. &gt;You're just being a closed minded ass hole. I'm mich more inclined to believe it's you that's the bigger cunt Do you have the same opinion of people who spoke out against the Nazi regime? This is nothing but no substance cowardly centrism parading as acceptance.
*completely irrelevant comparison to a massively different situation enters the chat.*
MLK was literally a socialist. Read a book.
What are you even trying to say? How is your examples of war at all relevant to the subject of civilian home defense?
The age of civilians being able to fight against the full force of the US military is over. Get over it.
I am arguing for common sense gun control. You are arguing for a naive rebellion fantasy, grow up. History has shown us time and again that a military will not refuse to turn on civilians, America is no different.
It means that refusing to implement common sense gun control that has been proven to save lives because you want to fuel your naive rebellion fantasy is not only childish, but selfish as well.
I'm discussing the modern US military in a country where they control all routes of transportation and personnel monitoring. Also, name a single time a civilian will need to "clear houses and buildings".
If you don't understand the difference between foreign war and locking down a country that you already control then you're an idiot. &gt;I don't want any gun control because I said so. Fuck the dead kids. I'm done here.
Wanna give me a percentage in modern mass shootings with the AR 15?
Now include number of deaths for gun type. You're almost there.
Imagine wanting to turn schools into fortresses instead of passing a couple of laws. The constitution is *supposed* to evolve. That's why amendments exist.
Name a single time I answered dishonestly. You know who whines and complains about their feelings being hurt in a debate? People who have no rebuttal.
She literally later out and covered this exact topic years ago in a supplemental book written for charity.
She actually said it in a supplemental book she wrote later. Not really a random interview situation.
There's a huge difference between an archetype and a beat by beat clone. And honestly I can't think of a single person who actually *likes* Avatar. Can you name a major blockbuster that has had less of a cultural impact?
All Disney owned movies with a shred of success have some sort of spot in there parks. That's hardly a cultural impact.
But that's exactly my argument, it was groundbreaking because of its technical achievement and that's exactly why Cameron wants to make more. He likes to experiment.You It's not a bad thing, just a fact.
And yet Rifles result in more deaths.
He kinda had to. His first two films are literally connected by two of the main characters being brothers and it continued from there.
He doesn't say anything about story anywhere in that article.
I can't think of a single Sam Rockwell role that I don't love.
Having a lot of material from "screenwriters, artists and designers" is in no way saying he is making them because the story is so good.
You really don't understand how statistics work huh? I'm talking about number of deaths *in mass shootings* on average by weapon. Gross numbers do nothing for this conversation. How do you not comprehend this?
That's not what a cameo is. The characters literally have the same last name.
I'm talking on average per shooting, by gun.
A fraction of the amount.
Your original statement was about quality. Stop backpedaling.
And just like every time you guys get proven wrong, you go silent.
Then I'm sure you can show me a source.
That study finds that on average in 2018 handgun shootings resulted in 1.55 deaths, while rifle shootings resulted in 4.55. Thank you for proving my point, you absolute moron.
Because they don't fit together logically?
I can. That's why I literally did the math and proved you wrong. This is starting to get sad.
Keep saying that. If I'm wrong then it should be easy for you to do the math yourself and correct me, or are you not able to understand this?
Spoken like someone who truly has nothing to say.
Are you really this desperate to hide the fact that you're wrong? Two characters in the same profession that share a name as unique as Vega in movies written and directed by the same person. Give it up dude, it's getting sad. it's ok to admit when you're wrong you know?
I'm not saying we "know enough to rule out God." I'm pointing out that the burden of proof lays on the believer and none of science backs them up.
Absolutely, give me examples and I will gladly debunk them for you.
That's literally exactly what cherry picking is. Also, I'm not sure why you seem to believe that the Vatican is the only authority on religion.
&gt;According to Cameron he wants to make them because they've come up with **a good story for them** Go home dude. You're drunk.
[Here](https://www.ifc.com/2015/02/tarantino-guide-shared-universe) [You](https://www.esquire.com/entertainment/movies/news/a41379/quentin-tarantino-movies-connected/) [Go](https://screenrant.com/quentin-tarantino-movie-shared-universe-explained/) [Moron](https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/quentin-tarantino-the-secret-links-between-all-of-his-movies.html/)
You don't know what retroactively means. He provided clear and deliberate connections in every film from the beginning. It's obvious he intended them to be connected or he wouldn't have done this. I'm really not sure why you picked such an easily disprovable hill to die on.
Dude, you literally don't even know what cameo means and you're still trying to win this argument. For future reference &gt;cameo &gt;[ˈkamēˌō] &gt;NOUN &gt;a small character part in a play or movie, played by a distinguished actor or a celebrity. &gt;"there are a number of celebrity cameos" · I have 2 film degrees and 8 years in the industry while you don't even understand simple film terms. Stop trying to educate me on a subject you clearly know nothing about.
If you need religion to be a decent person then you are a sociopath.
I'm so glad you know everything about me. Tarantino wrote every single one of his movies to be connected. It's simple fact. It isn't semantics to point out that you don't even understand the basic terms you're trying to use. I'm done here, I'm beginning to suspect that I'm arguing with a child.
There is no difference when discussing the causality of morality.
Fuck no. I just ate a baked potato and some peanut butter m&amp;ms. My weed isn't that good to want that combo all the time
Judge Dredd.
Damn. I didn't know you were my alt account.
Honestly if it increases my bad eating habits I'll just stick with this snicklefritz. I lost a little over 90 lbs last year and I'm not trying to backslide.
If you live in Texas HEB has Peanut Butter M&amp;Ms for $2 a bag for the big bags right now. Just sayin.
Drive thrus and Gas lanes are higher and wider and there are usually special parking places for large trucks. Still absurd and pointless though.
I swear they reused somebody else's statue. When did Pac ever dress like this? Or just casually carry a book around?
I'm not responsible for anything that happens to your moose when you get here. Texans will see it as a challenge to see how much Moose Jerky and Moose barbacoa they can make from it.
A refusal to address.Climate change by one of the largest nations in the world affects everyone. As does the continued destabilization of the the middle East being carried out by the Trump administration.
You're "joke" was that you don't want HIV even though it's "no longer scary". This ad isn't about being ok with getting HIV, it's about the ending of the stigma associated with it. So either way, your "joke" doesn't really work.
You're correct. The largest tooth on record was a little over 7 inches.
Ahh, I should've known you were a "thoughts and prayers " type of person.
Yep, you're definitely a troll. Carry on.
You really this determined to go out on this hill boomer?
I'm sorry your anecdotal experience does nothing to negate the damage done by an entire generation.
Terrible news. But at least he is free from the dementia.
That a probably because you don't understand modern politics and you have a victim complex.
Neither one of those were discovered by priests and the church has only supported scientific discovery that it can twist to support its preaching. Plenty of scientists have been shunned by the church for "blasphemy". You really need more research in this area.
So instead of clarifying your position you just refuse to continue. Could it be that you just have no argument?
Yep you're most likely a child and a perfect candidate for R/Iamverysmart. Nobody buys your bullshit. If you can prove you have 5 degrees I'll donate $100 to a charity of your choice.
Mendel was not a priest. He became a friar because it have him free education. LemaÎtre only proposed the idea of an expanding universe (theory of primeval atom) and it took several other scientists years of work to create the big bang model. Remember, if you have to lie to support your beliefs then your beliefs are wrong.
You barely even addressed the argument and instead got caught up with semi relevant tangents and patting yourself in the back. Truly pathetic.
Science leaves no room for God. You can believe in God all you want. But without evidence that belief is wholly unscientific and illogical. You can also make as many excuses for the bible as you want, but it is also both wholly unscientific and extremely cruel. You can believe all you want. But the idea that science and faith aren't contradictory is demonstrably false and academically disingenuous.
This has been explained again and again. And you should know, if you have you use a person's personal blog as a source then they aren't a reputable journalist.
I've presented my case again and again. Nowhere did I say anything about banning guns, I merely pointed out the flaws in your claims and advocated for common sense gun control. But you would rather have dead kids than have it be a little harder to buy a gun. I'm done here, you're pathetic.
That's right, keep insulting me and patting yourself on the back to distract from the fact that you've still not managed to contribute anything to this conversation. Don't worry, it's absolutely not completely transparent and sad.
What happened to all those examples? You were so sure.
Or the dog is trained and would prefer to be with its owner?
Actually mostly no. He usually drinks beverages that look alcoholic but aren't to blend in. . Like Ginger ale etc . So he is always at peak awareness and senses.
Good job avoiding having to actually provide an argument.
You never even provided an argument. You've literally just talked about yourself. I'm done here , you're sad and boring.
I'm going to do this one last time for you. &gt;No, just because something large and convoluted is bullshit, doesn't mean every bit of it is. If a religion says do not murder, since it's bullshit, now you can murder? This is where you first went off the rails. The discussion up until this point was about the illogicallity of using a known religion as a "starting point" if you don't agree with the religon. It's no different than basing your religious beliefs off of a book and is completely unscientific. Instead of addressing this issue you stated a completely irrelevant false equivalency that added nothing to the debate. &gt;Here's your mistake. You're treating belief systems as a scientific field. There will never be "evidence" for God. As a scientist, if you only derive beliefs from a scientific standpoint, you cannot logically believe in any deity, this much is known. But that's a level of the argument I thought we're past. Because my point was that science and religion can coexist, meaning if religion does not contradict science due to a given interpretation, it does not mean the religion is true, but it means it can be entertained in the mind of someone who is a scientist and is open to possibilities that answer the eternal question, why do we have a conscious awareness? for example And as a scientist, you also acknowledge that this belief system in your head and your head alone, you cannot possibly turn it into a series of objective statements that can be communicated to others, but it's just for you, based on your logic and your anecdotal experience. This is where you completely barrel past the actual argument to try and create one that you can win. The very essence of a scientific mind is based on the requirement of evidence to believe something. To try and say that it is not completely contradictory and illogical for someone to attempt to make their desperate want for a God "fit" their understanding of science is to ignore the entire crux of the issue. It's clear you don't actually understand the debate. &gt;If I had an experience that I am certain was mediated by God, say he saved me or helped me or something in a way that makes it extremely unlikely that's due to chance. I can start believing God exists, because even though this is not objective quantifiable and falsifiable evidence, it is evidence to me. And even to me, I am open to the possibility that this could still have been due to chance, but it's beyond where i draw my line (an internal non quantifiable subjective p value if you will). Those is more irrelevant word salad that has nothing to do with the topic. &gt;So to sum it up, it isn't about proving God exists. It is about showing there are possibilities where the existence of God does not contradict scientific fact. Which at least allows you to think about them because they're not straight out false, just unproven. Finally, this is where you completely reveal that you don't understand the debate. The argument was *never* about deciding if God contradicts scientific fact. It was about trying to show you that the very belief in a God without concrete evidence or the ability to test it is not only illogical, but it is the very definition of anti-science and has no place in the mind of a scientist. Unless you can actually contribute something worthwhile to this conversation this will be my last reply. I'm done indulging you in your anti-academic masturbatory sessions.
I absolutely know who he is. He's the hack who: 1.Falsely accused Trumps sexual assault victims of being paid agents. 2.Was stripped of his title at The Hill for obvious bias and purposefully removing context from articles to mislead. (His own coworkers complained) 3.Was caught more than once writing opinion pieces about the Ukrain scandal that were full of outright lies. (There are several more examples of his idiocy) My point was that if the piece you linked to was so flawed and unpublishable that he posted it to his own blog instead of trying to make money off of it then it isn't a reliable source. Maybe you should learn to actually vet your sources instead of linking to anyone who agrees with you.
Why are you so concerned with what others do with their bodies? Maybe loosen up and stop policing others because it makes you an asshole.
&gt;Why would I be ok with my society slowly degrading and degenerates telling little kids how to have anal sex? First off, calling everyone you don't agree with "degenerates" is ignorant as hell. Secondly, Teenagers are going to have sex. They've been doing it for all of human history and they aren't going to stop. Educating them on the safest techniques and being open to answering questions they might find embarrassing is the best way to prevent injury, disease, pregnancy and shame complexes. &gt;And if you have such a mentality of letting everybody do what they want to do, why do you bark at me then? Maybe this magazine has fun putting stuff out to corrupt little kids, and maybe I have fun putting stuff out saying I don't like them doing it? This magazine isn't aimed at little kids. It's aimed at teenagers and I have already explained why its open commentary is a good thing. &gt;I talked with internet pesos before, literally every single one of them has the viewpoint kids would enjoy sex, it's just that society demonizes it. But you seem quite immature, so I assume not a pedo yet, bit still a young pervert that thinks if degeneracy was just more normalized you wouldn't have to feel so ashamed being one. Calling people "pedos", "perverts" and "degenerates" because they acknowledge the fact that teens are going to experiment with each other and that it's our responsibility to encourage them to do it safely is not only a clear sign of your own emotional immaturity, but it hints at you having your own repressed sexual urges. Grow up and be better.
It's worked in pretty much every other first world country.
Remind me how many "mass stabbings" the UK had last year? And how many people died?
I asked about mass murder and death numbers. Do you have any idea how many people were stabbed in the US last year? If you have to ignore facts to fit your narrative then your beliefs are bad.
You came to that conclusion based on a single sentence tweet with no context?
The thread still provides zero context or sources.
It's absolutely expected. People in power need to be criticized, it's part of what keeps us free. People aren't downvoting because of who you disrespected. They are downvoting because you're pretending that everyone is hypocritical except for you.
why do all of you guys have such a victim complex?
&gt;My counter: religion is not composed of a single statement or claim. It is a rather large system of claims that are layered on top of one another across myriad platforms: including existential philosophy, moral philosophy, sociology, identity psychology, etc. If you disagree with any basic (and arguably peripheral) premise of a religion, then you disagree with the religion. This entails that if you, for instance, disagree with the entire notion of a deity existing, then that exemplifies the aforementioned point and constitutes a disagreement with the religion. But, many other claims of the religion do not stand upon the existence of a god. For you to understand what I mean, you need to understand the field of “religious studies” which does not simply summarize a religion as “do not kill, do not steal, believe in god, pray to him, fast, etc” but actually discusses a whole deeper meaning of religion. Scholars in that field often study the purpose of many fundamentals of a religion such as claiming that marriage promotes social cohesion by segregating it into smaller units (families) that exhibit higher levels of inward altruism than the average altruism would be in a population with no such clustering and this promotes species survival (game theory and all). Just so you don’t misunderstand again, I gave this example above to prove a point and not for you to attack the premise of the example (that marriage does not in fact promote social cohesion, which may or may not be true, but it does not matter). The point is that, this concept does not rely whatsoever on the belief that god exists. And if you disbelieve in the existence of a deity, it makes no sense to dismiss the claim that marriage promotes social cohesion simply because a separate, independent premise in the religion is false. You must, therefore, study that claim on its own as a standalone claim. Therefore, my argument is that rejecting a religion does not mean you cannot use remnants of its claims as a starting point for other avenues you wish to explore. If, on the other hand, a claim is dependent at its core on the premise that god exists (or any other premise you find unfounded), then you can dismiss it too by simple transitive properties of logic. For instance, if a religion claims that humans were created by god, then that claim clearly and directly descends from the claim that god exists. Therefore, if you reject that god exists you can comfortably reject that claim too without any fallacies. This is completely.irrelevant since this entire.conversation is about belief in God. &gt;My counter: In order for us to avoid further misunderstanding and have a clear path in the debate, we need to make some clarifications and put forth some definitions. First of all, what does coexist mean as I intend it? It means two things. One is that that the religion that I believe in and the currently established scientific knowledge do not disagree on any factual statements. By religion that I believe in, I do not mean Islam or Christianity or Judaism or whatever, but rather whatever version of whichever religion I chose to take certain aspects of and build on to construct my own religious ideology. So if this ideology claims something refuted by science, such as the flatness of the earth, or the age of it being say 2000 years, then the two cannot coexist as they do not satisfy my first condition (absence of factual disagreement). The second part of my definition of coexistence, is that I, being the person believing in this ideology, do not make any claims that oppose the agreed upon commonly established fundamentals of the scientific method. This means that if I say that god certainly exists, but I have no evidence to support this claim, then I am contradicting the basis of the scientific method as I accepted a hypothesis without leaving room for uncertainty and without even having an evidential reason to. Again, this is both based on the flawed method of feeling the need to fit religion into science, *and* ignoring the fact that this debate is about God, no religion. &gt;So now we defined religion, coexistence, and ideological conflict as I intended in my claim. We can now get our hands dirty with actual debate. Let’s take me as a subject for this debate as I am a theist and as I am a scientist. Do I break either of the two rules I elucidated above? I believe in taking Islam as a starting point and then interpreting it solely along the lines of scientific fact. In the published books of Muhammad Shahrur, he provides a linguistic interpretation of the Quran that does not negate and most often supports the notion that humans evolved like every other living being, that the universe began with the big bang, that there is nothing supernatural about prophethood but a subjective (era-dependent) delivery of an objective message, and so on. Therefore, there is no factual disagreement between my ideology and that of scientific fact. I make absolutely no claims that science has rejected (what about those science never supported? See below). It's incredible that you seem entirely ignorant of the fact that you have completely changed the argument into one you think you can win. It's almost impressive how many words you used to say absolutely nothing.
&gt;Now we can move on to part two of my definition of coexistence. Do I make any claims that the scientific method opposes their derivative basis? The scientific method states that you cannot reject a null hypothesis if there is evidence for the alternative hypothesis. Let’s take the most basic point that I am sure is regarding your burning question: god’s existence. I do not claim that I know for certain that god exists. Despite believing in Him, I am completely open to accepting that He does not exist if scientific evidence provides a sufficiently elaborate explanation of how the universe came to be (at the very beginning, pre-big bang) and how our evolution has led to the development of conscious awareness (amongst others, but these are the basic points). Science provides a number of potential explanations for both points, but none is accepted and all are controversial (due to evidence pointing in supportive and opposing directions). So what does this make me? It makes me an agnostic theist. An agnostic theist has faith that god exists but makes no claims that this is fact (google for more info). Now we shift gears to debating whether agnostic theism can coexist with science. &gt;The most basic claim of all: God exists. Burden lies with the claimant. If evidence is not provided, reversion to default is the logical corollary (god does not exist until proven otherwise). But we have an issue here, a central tenet of the scientific method is grossly broken, falsifiability. Is this claim falsifiable? Well that depends on the definition of the God the claimant puts forth in their statement. Here I can go on for pages and pages to try and capture my definition of God. But instead, let’s stick to a basic premise of mine: God’s nature lies beyond the boundaries of our experience. A being belonging to a dimension too high for beings of our dimension to ever experience in physicality. We may have come close to mathematically lending credence to the ab initio existence of dimensions that high (whichever model you choose, call it dimension 11, or 21, etc.), but are (based on our current knowledge) inherently incapable of ever actually observing these dimensions. So then we come back to our issue of falsifiability: we cannot actually falsify the god I described, and a claim lying beyond the cap of falsifiability is also beyond the reach of the scientific method. Such a claim is not rejected by science, but rather left utterly unentertained, forever suspended from realizing a judgement reached via the scientific method. So now, if the claim that god exists is untouched by science, and I do not assert with any degree of certainty that it holds objective truth, it does not come in conflict with the scientific method, it does not come in “anything” with the scientific method at all. But then what am I actually doing (philosophically speaking) by believing in this god? I am taking an unanswerable question that has two possible answers, yes or no, and I am choosing to default to one without claiming any merit to my belief. It literally took you this many words to say the academic equivalent of "God is beyond is so we can't disprove h existence.". Completely ignoring the fact that this does nothing to negate the fact that your initial belief is completely unscientific . It's the same as using the excuse "God works in mysterious ways." &gt;Since you decided to actually depart from exchanging insults and put in the effort to continue this, I chose to respect you and respond too (with my laptop this time First off, you started the initial disrespect. And secondly, this is barely a response since you have attempted to shift the discussion to that of an argument you can win instead of addressing the core issues.
It's insane that you keep missing my entire point. Are you really that stupid? Or are you being intentionally misleading?
Your facts are completely.irrelevant to the discussion and the question I asked. So I'll ask again, are you really.this stupid?
Keep ignoring the mass murder conversation. I'm done here until you're honest.
&gt;It's the Democrats who have no case against Trump, they don't even alleged Trump committed a crime. Trump has committed several crimes. Obstruction of an investigation (what he is being impeached for) is absolutely a crime. &gt;And yes Biden's admitted bribery is an impeachable offense Proof? Also I'm really glad that you guys have already decided to be afraid of Biden. That way the actual good candidates will slip right you. &gt;Trump kids actually earn their money legitimately unlike crackhead Hunter who got his phony job because of quid pro [You're very wrong](https://www.news.com.au/finance/work/leaders/ivanka-trumps-controversial-new-job-at-the-white-house/news-story/95f9a26263e24ca53367114b879da610) You also don't seem to know what quid pro quo means. &gt;Joe and cheated on his wife and kids with his dead brother's widow This is completely irrelevant. But since you want to bring sex lives into this. How about when [Trump has an affair with a pornstar while his wife watches their newborn.](https://www.newsweek.com/president-donald-trump-stormy-daniels-affair-melania-trump-783790) [Trump raped his ex wife](https://gawker.com/the-time-donald-trumps-ex-wife-accused-him-of-brutally-1721129617) Made [these](https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/donald-and-ivanka-trump-moments-that-totally-weird-us-out.html/) comments about his own daughter: &gt;Don’t you think my daughter’s hot? She’s hot, right?” (Ivanka was 16 at the time) &gt;“I don’t think Ivanka would [pose nude] inside the magazine,” he added, “She does have a very nice figure.” &gt;If Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.” &gt;After Trump commented, “My daughter is beautiful, Ivanka,” Stern asked, “By the way, your daughter … Can I say this? A piece of ass.” Trump didn’t hesitate to agree, simply responding, “Yeah. &gt;She’s actually always been very voluptuous. She’s tall, she’s almost six feet tall and she’s been, she’s an amazing beauty &gt; And I helped create her. Ivanka. My daughter, Ivanka. She’s 6 feet tall; she’s got the best body.” &gt;Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen reported that when Ivanka was just 13 years old, her father asked, “Is it wrong to be more sexually attracted to your own daughter than your wife?” (There are several more examples) How about when he was accused of raping a 13 year old? &gt;The first major scandal to hit the Trump campaign besides the typical “what a racist, such a sexist, yada yada yada,” came from a lawsuit stemming from the infamous sex parties held by billionaire and known pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The woman named in the suit is Katie Johnson, who says Trump took her virginity in 1994 when she was only 13 and being held by Epstein as a slave. &gt;Johnson says in the complaint that Trump and Epstein threatened her and her family with bodily harm if she didn’t comply with all of their disgusting demands. The Trump campaign has been on this immediately, calling it absolute nonsense and not even remotely true or possible. Or when he [admitted on stern to spying on naked teenage girls?](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-features/a-timeline-of-donald-trumps-creepiness-while-he-owned-miss-universe-191860/) Most of these are exact quotes by Trump said in public interviews. Can't wait to hear your excuses.
I have backed myself up multiple times in this thread. You are refusing to acknowledge the absolute fact that semi automatic rifles make mass murder easier and vastly more devastating. Keep avoiding the numbers, it's getting pretty pathetic.
It's incredible that you are unable to acknowledge that just because someone disagrees with you doesn't make them unintelligent. And like most dim witted theists, you equate acceptance of religion with intelligence, another misguided mindset. This entire debate was about the incompatibility of science and religion. You haven't provided a single relevant argument that wasn't shut down. I'm now going to do what I should've done a day ago and bid you goodbye, your immediate jump to petty name calling every time you're confronted with points you can't dispute is childish and tiring. I hope you get better one day.
If you can show me a single time any of it was debunked I will pay pal you $100 right now, I'll wait.
It's not gatekeeping tragedy to acknowledge that 50 deaths is worse than 5 and that it would be a good move to more heavily control the tools that enable those deaths. You really have no actual argument do you?
You'll get it as soon as you meet the criteria I set forth.
Yep, science has gone too far.
Good job avoiding the fact that you have no argument.
Honestly dude regardless of our disagreements as someone who has two degrees myself and has worked steadily in my industry for almost a decade, I find your perceived superiority and use of the working class as an insult to be pretty disgusting. You're honestly displaying some textbook narcissism.
You provided completely irrelevant statistics that had nothing to do with the conversation. Good job.
If like to think that one day you will look back on moments like this and cringe, but I'm fairly sure that you have nowhere near the required level of emotional maturity to ever be that self aware. That's why I pity you. Have a good life man, I sincerely hope you get better.
Hanging up the phone without saying bye.
Name a single thing Trump has done that is "great". I'll wait.
North Korea executed their top negotiator because talks with Trump went so poorly.
You are insane. I'm going to leave you with a couple more facts about Giuliani and then I'm done here. There is no point in debating with somebody who whines and cries fake news whenever they are faced with facts. This comment comes from U/Kichigai who covered this topic months ago. &gt;When New York City was creating it's office of emergency management the group in charge wanted to put it in the Bronx because, among other reasons, it was less likely to be a target of attacks there. Rudy overruled them and put it in the World Trade Center. &gt; &gt;NYC Police, Fire, and Ambulances all received new radios in 2001, however they didn't work and had to be returned prior to September. Rudy was responsible for the no-bid contract on the defective radios. &gt; &gt;FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers offered to run the initial response to the 9/11 attacks. Rudy said no, and invented a new NYC office to coordinate efforts through instead. &gt; &gt;When it was discovered that toxic waste had been spread over a larger area than initially speculated Rudy told FEMA, ACE, and OSHA to stand down and left it to individual landlords to handle the toxic clean-up. &gt; &gt;OSHA worked diligently to ensure Ground Zero recovery workers had face masks and respirators. Rudy actively interfered with their efforts to make sure everyone was using them. &gt; &gt;When during recovery Rudy prioritized the recovery of precious metals over the recovery of bodies. &gt; &gt;For Rudy this was all a vanity exercise. A chance to say that under his leadership NYC Stronk. He didn't want photos of people in bunny suits with federal agencies names on them, or images of face masks as if NYC had been wracked by a major disaster. &gt; &gt;And that's how America’s Mayor™ got more of his own citizens sick, dead, or buried in empty graves than if he had cared more about his city than his vanity. &gt; &gt;**Edit:** Whoa, this blew up. I don't think I've ever seen a comment that has a 41:1 ratio of karma versus the post it's replying to. Some folks are in here asking for sources on these claims, and they are right to do so. I normally try and source my claims (like I do [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/eh5ebz/christianity_todays_split_with_trump_highlights/fcg8bul/?context=3)), but this time I was on mobile and didn't expect this to get the kind of traction it did. Here's what I've got: &gt; &gt;* [The Bronx site for the Emergency Management Office was more secure than the World Trade Center](https://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/26/us/politics/26emergency.html)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20161119061130/https://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/26/us/politics/26emergency.html)] , and [less likely to be a target](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2007/05/guiliani_blames_aide_for_poor_emergency_planning.html)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20191217022038/http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2007/05/guiliani_blames_aide_for_poor_emergency_planning.html)] &gt;* [Giuliani's no-bid contract for radios](https://ufanyc.org/cms/contents/view/273)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20200101212822/https://ufanyc.org/cms/contents/view/273)] &gt;* [Disaster recovery routed through the Department of Design and Construction](https://www.pbs.org/americarebuilds/profiles/profiles_burton.html)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20020917045159/http://www.pbs.org/americarebuilds/profiles/profiles_burton.html)] even though that was not part of any emergency response plans. &gt;* [Giuliani interfered with the use of respirators at Ground Zero](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/christie-blasts-rudy-wtc-air-article-1.224008)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20111114015027/http://www.nydailynews.com/news/christie-blasts-rudy-wtc-air-article-1.224008)] including [an interview with an EPA officia](https://firstread.msnbc.msn.com/archive/2007/06/25/234621.aspx)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20071110133845/https://firstread.msnbc.msn.com/archive/2007/06/25/234621.aspx)] and [the resulting illnesses in Ground Zero workers](https://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/14/nyregion/14giuliani.html)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20191202144253/https://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/14/nyregion/14giuliani.html)] &gt;* [Giuliani prioritizing the recovery of precious metals](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/17538483/ns/politics-decision_08/t/firefighters-union-assails-giuliani/)^[[a](https://web.archive.org/web/20180506165135/http://www.nbcnews.com/id/17538483/ns/politics-decision_08/t/firefighters-union-assails-giuliani/)]
The fact that you're choosing to ignore the 15 actual sources at the bottom of the comment shows you Have no rebuttal. Joe Biden took steps to remove an official suspected of corruption as part of his official duties. Trump withheld aid to try to influence an election. It's that simple. I'm also still waiting for you to back up your claims about Obama and Hilary. But you can't, nothing you have said is true. You ignore every single source I give you so you don't have to answer to it, and you obviously have zero understanding of the topics being discussed. It's pretty pathetic to be honest.
That last sentence is absolutely quote worthy.
There are plenty of officers in the UK who carry guns and when responding to an active shooter situation all of them would. Shootings in the US have shown us that already on site police have basically no effect on the occurrence of mass shootings and that shooters are taken down by the combined effort of responding officers. This, combined with the difficulty of even acquiring a firearm in the UK makes mass shootings a basic non reality and the fact that not all police routinely carry guns greatly reduced the amount of wrongful shootings deaths by police. Good job creating a highly unlikely situation to make yourself afraid though, it's exactly how the NRA and other pro gun lobbyists want you to feel.
Literally all you do on Reddit is blame all of the world's problems on Muslims, Hilary Clinton, Democrats, Socialists and anyone else you're afraid of. It's not projecting to point out that your entire world view is based on your fear of everything you don't understand. I honestly pity you.
Yeah, how dare she be upset that something she probably dedicated hours of her life to, trying to create an original work for others to enjoy was leaked before it was finished! It's not like it's literally the way she makes money! Or literally one of the worst things that can happen to an artist regarding their work! Fuck her for being upset right?
This is one of the most naive takes I've ever seen. Well done!
This is a weird kink.
He's not right and you are displaying a massive misunderstanding of that article. The study found that England's population suffered from a lack of availability of books (because the monopolized industry chose to do few printings at a higher cost) and the high cost of books (more than a week's salary). With the proliferation of public libraries and E-book services this problem is completely irrelevant in the modern era and completely irrelevant when applied to the concept of music and other art forms. The only reason the study even used that statement as the premise of the findings was to draw eyes to the study. It's basically academic clickbait and I highly encourage you to actually read studies before citing them to spread misinformation.
So now you've switched from "it won't work" to "it would be impossible". Neither of which are true and other countries have already displayed this. I'm not even advocating for a total ban, a government instituted buy back campaign to reduce numbers couples with the implementation of common sense gun control laws would work wonders.
&gt;Common sense laws like stricter background checks, I’m for. The buyback program won’t do anything but have law-abiding citizens turn their guns in. While I do think stricter background checks and stuff can be a good thing, you have to remember criminals don’t follow laws. You don't have to worry about criminals following laws of the amoumt of guns they have access to is greatly reduced. &gt;It’s the same way everyone knows where to find weed even though it’s illegal. Weed can be easily produced by anyone who wants to. Do you know anyone who has the means to mass manufacture guns without getting caught? &gt;Also, using the case that other countries have done it is a terrible idea, because america was founded on the freedom to bear arms Completely irrelevant. The constitution was made to be a constantly evolving document, it's why amendments exist. &gt;and it’s a much bigger undertaking Performed by a government made to service a larger country. &gt;. Not to mention about half the guns here aren’t registered Gonna need a source on that number. &gt;so the government doesn’t even know about them. Can’t take something away if you don’t even know it exists. Nobody is talking about taking guns and buybacks do work. Unlike you I actually have [Sources](https://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/gun-control-australia-updated/) &gt;Under the 1996 law, Australia banned certain semi-automatic, self-loading rifles and shotguns, and imposed stricter licensing and registration requirements. It also instituted a mandatory buyback program for firearms banned by the 1996 law. &gt;During the buyback program, Australians sold 640,000 prohibited firearms to the government, and voluntarily surrendered about 60,000 non-prohibited firearms. In all, more than 700,000 weapons were surrendered, according to a Library of Congress report on Australian gun policy. One study says that the program reduced the number of guns in private hands by 20 percent. &gt;In 2002, Australia further tightened gun laws, restricting the caliber, barrel length and capacity for sport shooting handguns. &gt;Since 1996, the number and rate of homicides — defined as murder and manslaughter — has fallen. &gt;“The number of homicide incidents involving a firearm decreased by 57 percent between 1989-90 and 2013-14,” the government crime trends report says. “Firearms were used in 13 percent of homicide incidents (n=32) in 2013-14. In 1989-90 it was 24 percent (n=75) of incidents.” Want a more local example? [Here](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/gun-buyback-success-homewood-church-makes-a-difference/ar-BBZhMdD) you go. &gt;the Episcopal Church of the Holy Cross tied the buyback program to Martin Luther King Jr. Day, a nod to the late civil rights leader’s call for change through nonviolent action. With a budget of $5,000, church officials hoped to get at least 100 guns off the streets, a goal suggested by police, although even police were skeptical it would be met. &gt;In less than an hour, the budgeted amount was gone as community members brought in dozens of firearms. Another $1,500 in donations was received in the last few hours for additional buybacks. Some turned over guns without even asking for payment. &gt;By 3 p.m., the church had collected 148 weapons — 104 handguns and 44 rifles or shotguns, including two assault-style rifles. The guns will be turned over to city police for processing and then be destroyed.
why don't you address all art instead of just music? Or are you fully aware that your small semblance of an argument would completely crumble?
Nobody "sent a pallet of money". The deal unfroze liquid assets that already belonged to Iran. Stop lying.
There are plenty of ways to experience art for free. Youtube literally exists. having access to everyones art for free at all times is not necessary to live. Stop waxing poetic about irrelevant shit that you don't understand and stop policing other people's words. It makes you look stupider.
Point out a single way I disproved my own point and I'll buy you gold. You can try to justify your shitty actions all you want. It just makes you look desperate and sad.
Public domain works because it's applied to works that are such a common part of the public mind that they are basically fables. It also only applies to works that have been around long enough that the original creator won't lose money on it being repurposed. Wanna know how the stories that are now public domain were created? They were written by people who got paid for them and were able to make a living out of their IP which made them able to make more stories. Your lack of knowledge on this subject would be hilarious if it weren't so sad. You honestly just sound like a wannabe edgy teenager playing contrarian to try and look cool.
It's literally a sub about atheism. Why do you consider it whiney to call out evil organizatioNs for doing evil things? Could it be you're just butthurt?
You're literally a Christian who is complaining that an *atheist* forum doesn't respect your beliefs. Do you really not see why that makes *you* the hypocrite?
&gt;More swearing too? Tsk, tsk. Yep definitely a prick. &gt;You proved yourself wrong by admitting society has found a way to get it's art for free. I pointed out a way to legally get the art and let the artist get paid. Literally the opposite of what you're arguing for. &gt;Society in general doesn't care about capitalism and fairly paying the artist. That's how Youtube and Spotify popped up. That's why piracy is real. That's why almost nobody sympathizes that an artist worth $320 million had a track leaked. It's not costing her any money. "Leaked" and "Piracy" = free. No company or person is earning her rightful money. When she finally launches the track, it's going to certainly be on HER OWN Youtube channel we're she'll reap ALL of those $$$ per view. Lots of artists earn income through Youtube this way Using YouTube and spotify as examples literally disproved your own point. The artists make money on those platforms *because* their IP is protected. &gt;The stupidity that this leaked track I can't listen to anywhere else is going to cost Lady Gaga measurable income is ridiculous. The moment she actually releases the track on her streaming services, people will completely flock to those outlets (like Youtube and Spotify). Unless you are POOR. As in don't even have internet at home to run Youtube and need to download part of the net from your local library to get you by when you go home. Because this is all that's left at that point. Of course anyone with basic internet is going to just stream YT and Gaga earns her penny. So who else is left to actually care and download her MP3? The fringe that was never going to pay anyways. This is a desperate and easily disproven argument to try to justify your theft. You have done nothing but harm your own argument. You are not entitled to other people's work and believing that you are makes you look like a child. Also, *Fuck*.
This comment shows suck a lack of knowledge of current politics and the global political climate that it's astounding. First off, keeping money that belongs to Iran would have broken international law,and Second it was returned as part of a 6 country denuclearization treaty that benefited everyone. Third, the only reason they have fired missiles at the US bases is because Trump committed a war crime and ordered an unauthorized assassination. (You also seem to be unaware that the missiles didn't kill anyone.) Fourth, if you really gave a shit about the US funding terrorism then you wouldn't support republicans. Ever heard of the Iran Contra? How about the US under Bush and Reagan funding the training of Al-Qaeda? Stop your concern trolling and admit the real reason you don't like Obama. Either you're racist or brainwashed.
Nice toxic masculinity you got there.
This dude is a real life Captain Holt.
YouTube isn't "skirting paying for albums" it's a legal way to listen to music and the artist gets paid from it. It was an example I used to prove to You that there are legal free ways to listen to music. You advocated for piracy and got shut down. All this back pedaling makes you look 12. Grow up and learn to admit when you're wrong. This is getting sad.
Yep definitely 12. You also don't understand that YouTube and spotify make money for artists by convincing people to buy the album, since artists make next to nothing from those services. I'm done here. You're either to stupid to understand or you're just a sad troll. Either way you aren't worth my time. Now get to bed. You have school tomorrow.
So that's a yes then.
Unless you're Muslim of course.
You really can't just admit that your argument got dismantled huh? Even though it literally happened on the open web where everyone could see it. Very sad, I hope for your sake you're a child so you have time to grow and better yourself.
So you'd rather spew pseudointellectual bullshit than just admit you have no argument. I'm almost impressed with your emotional immaturity.
I mean you can say that all you want but Its still wrong.
You mean the group that formed in 2003 as a direct result of the Bush administration's actions in the middle east? That Daesh?
Wrong on both accounts. Splinter groups separated from Al-Queda in 1999 but didn't officially form Daesh until 2003/2004 as a revolt against the Sunni government that replaced Saddam Hussein. The group was defeated in Iraq in 2010 and reformed in Syria as ISIS in 2013. The group was well established and already carrying out attacks before Obama was even President. It's insane that you spew this bullshit without even attempting to educate yourself. But I'm sure you have plenty of evidence to back your claims against Obama Right? [Source](https://www.cnn.com/2016/08/12/middleeast/here-is-how-isis-began/index.html)
&gt;One. Those funds were released by Obama without the authorization of Congress. The Republicans tried to stop it, as they realized to what ends those funds would be cut. But the Democrats really didn't care, did they. It was money that belonged to them and you don't need congressional approval to fulfill a treaty. I have already shown you republican history of supporting terrorism. &gt;The fact that he was black was like, the fifth worst thing about him. Oh look, the mask slipped and you said something racist. What a surprise. &gt; I dislike Obama because he openly criticized the police who are doing their jobs, Acknowledging that our country has a massive problem with murder, sexual assault and general abuse of power by the police is necessary for a respectable leader. &gt;he set race relations in America back 50 years Name a single example. &gt;and he had an absolute loathing for military men and women Name.a single.example. &gt;To be honest, the only thing that surprised me about your previous post was that you didn't call me a transphobe, and you didn't end the post with OK Boomer. You're slipping bitch. I said you might be racist and you literally responded with open racism. Tldr : your points are stupid and ignorant and it makes you look sad.
Atheists view religion as actively harming the world, so we bring attention to it. There is nothing to discuss about atheism or the existence of God. He doesn't exist, that's it. Grow up and get rid of your victim complex.
You're a part of the problem. do you make cis people jump through the same hoops for their pronouns? Because if not then you're a hypocritical pos.
The fact that you actually think this is an intelligent reply is astounding. Just admit your bigotry and move on.
Great argument! You sure showed me! Grow up and be better.
And just like all of you guys when faced with facts, you go radio silent. Good job confirming you have zero argument.
None of this proves any of what you said. Obama was referring to the fact that Daesh had almost been defeated before Syria. At no point did the US supply ISIS and in fact The Obama administration to several steps to attempt to prevent the Syrian Rebels from allying with ISIS. This is all from *your* sources I also just realized that your original reply was removed for blatant racism (it's still visible on your profile.) and I have no desire to give an anti-Semitic conspiracy theorist any of my time. Tldr: Your points are disproved and your beliefs are sad. Have fun on the wrong side of history.
Yep, you still don't even realize what a hypocrite you are. I'm done here, you're hopeless. Have a great time on the wrong side of history you absolute fucking imbecile.
Still doesn't work because there is no evidence of a God. And the likelihood of *your* God is even less due to the existence of time before your God was thought of, the dissipation of previous religions over time, scientific debunking of your holy books, and about a thousand other factors. The argument you are presenting is based on a flawed understanding of science as a whole.
OP made a sweeping generalization and spoke for all men. That's why nobody cares.
You aren't even a good troll. Try harder.
He has answered in detail several times. Watch any debate or interview.
Just like you're a Biological asshole ?
This is 100% untrue. Good job!
Gender and sex are two different things. Since we consider gender to also be from birth calling someone biologically female if they are make is inaccurate. It's also just assholish behavior to insist on using a term t describe someone if they are uncomfortable with that term.
I just did. I even provided cited sources. Now provide a counter argument or admit you were wrong and fuck off.
This conversation isn't about industry growth. It's about your claim that paying more for healthcare in the US fuels faster advances. I showed you why it does not, linked to supporting articles that cite studies , experts and statistics . Linked to an independent study and even provided you with specific quotes. This will be my last reply until you stop moaning fake news and contribute to the debate.
You've done nothing but attack my sources without addressing the facts and attack me. You haven't even attempted to support your own argument. If you can provide as many sources as I did and actually show me why I'm wrong, I'll donate $100 to a charity of your choice. I'll wait.
You can't find it because it was deleted. The first comment was a correction to actual trans terms and said "biologically female*" and their second comment claimed that they were the only one accurately describing the person. Both comments are still visible in Reddit archives if you want proof. I was merely responding to that person's specific assholishness.
Facts.
I mean, most of that series is literally *just* world building.
It really seems like you haven't read a single book that you've just talked about.
So you don't have an answer then? Got it.
Pretending that there is no reason to call for someone to be charged with the crime that they clearly committed on camera is ignorant as hell.
Yes he did.
If peacful protests have done nothing then what other choice do they have?
&gt;This stuff never happened under Obama I guess. And Obama stepped up and actually acted like a leader. &gt;The issue is police brutality not race. Look up the stats--make sure you look up crime stats based on race as well Make sure you also use the context of over policing, racial profiling and socioeconomic factors when you bring up their studies. &gt;I've seen many innocent white boys shot by cops and nothing happens. At half the rate of black people. &gt;Also, black on black crime? Is it not something like 80 percent of all black killings? All races mostly kill their own race. Why are you only pointing it out for black people?
What you're missing is that you're trying to delegitimize the struggle of Black Americans by saying that white are descriminated against too. Sure they are. But at a much smaller rate and without a centuries old system of government endorsed racial oppression. It's the same as when idiots scream "aLl LiVeS mAtTeR" . Of course they do. But one group isn't being treated like they do.
[PolicenDomesticnAbuse](https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Police-domestic-violence-nearly-twice-average-rate-2536928.php) In the last 9 years US police [raped](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/10/19/us/police-sexual-assaults-maryland-scope/index.html) over 400 people in custody. In 2017 police killed [1000](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/nationwide-police-shot-and-killed-nearly-1000-people-in-2017/2018/01/04/4eed5f34-e4e9-11e7-ab50-621fe0588340_story.html%3foutputType=amp) people in the US. &gt;Police officers are indicted in fewer than 1% of killings, but the indictment rate for civilians involved in a killing is 90%. (FiveThirtyEight) &gt;In 2015, there were 1,307 people who lost their lives at the hands of a police officer or law enforcement official. In 2016, that number was 1,152. Although lower, both years are still higher than the 1,149 people who were killed by police in 2014. (Fatal Encounters/Mapping Police Violence &gt;52% of police officers report that it is not unusual for law enforcement officials to turn a blind eye to the improper conduct of other officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;61% of police officers state that they do not always report serious abuse that has been directly observed by fellow officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;84% of police officers have stated in a recent survey that they have directly witnesses a fellow officer using more force than was necessary. (US Department of Justice) &gt;People who are African-American/Black are twice as likely to be killed by a police officer while being unarmed compared to a Caucasian/White individual. (The Guardian) &gt;1 in 4 people who are killed by law enforcement officials in the United States are unarmed. (Mic) &gt; The second most common form of police misconduct is sexual assault . [This](https://vittana.org/42-shocking-police-brutality-statistics) lists all of the studies those numbers come from. [There](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/health/after-ferguson-black-men-and-boys-still-face-the-highest-risk-of-being-killed-by-police) [Are](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2019/08/police-officer-shootings-gun-violence-racial-bias-crime-data/595528/) [Many](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793.short) [Sources](https://mappingpoliceviolence.org/) [For this](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2016/02/08/black-and-unarmed-behind-the-numbers)I &gt;This isn't debatable, actually look at the facts](https://www.vox.com/identities/2016/8/13/17938186/police-shootings-killings-racism-racial-disparities) &gt;An analysis of the available FBI data by [Dara Lind for Vox](http://www.vox.com/2014/8/21/6051043/how-many-people-killed-police-statistics-homicide-official-black) found that US police kill black people at disproportionate rates: Black people accounted for 31 percent of police killing victims in 2012, even though they made up just 13 percent of the US population. &gt;The disparities appear to be even starker for unarmed suspects, according to an analysis of 2015 police killings by the [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/01/black-americans-killed-by-police-analysis). Racial minorities made up about 37.4 percent of the general population in the US and 46.6 percent of armed and unarmed victims, but they made up 62.7 percent of unarmed people killed by police. &gt;These disparities in police use of force reflect more widespread racial inequities across the entire American criminal justice system. Black people are much more likely to be [arrested for drugs](http://www.vox.com/cards/war-on-drugs-marijuana-cocaine-heroin-meth/war-on-drugs-effect), even though they’re not more likely to [use](http://www.vox.com/2014/7/27/5940783/prohibition-marijuana-legalization-pot-weed-racism-new-york-times) or [sell](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2871399/) them. And black inmates make up a disproportionate amount of the [prison population](http://www.vox.com/cards/everything-prisons-reform-incarceration-criminal-justice/what-are-the-demographics-of-the-prison-population). [Another study](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0141854) &gt;from 2015, by researcher Cody Ross found, “There is no relationship between county-level racial bias in police shootings and crime rates (even race-specific crime rates), meaning that the racial bias observed in police shootings in this data set is not explainable as a response to local-level crime rates.” That suggests that, again, other factors are involved in the disparities seen for these shootings. What does it mean when people say that all cops are bastards (ACAB)? &gt; &gt;If it were an individual thing, you'd give them the benefit of the doubt, but it isn't; it's an institutional thing. the job itself is a bastard, therefore by carrying out the job, they are bastards. To take it to an extreme: there were no good members of the gestapo because there was no way to carry out the directives of the gestapo and to be a good person. it is the same with the american police state. [Police do not exist to protect and serve, according to the US supreme court itself,](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html) but to dominate, control, and terrorize in order to maintain the interests of state and capital. &gt; &gt;Who are the good cops then? The ones who either quit or are fired for refusing to do the job. &gt; &gt;While the following list focuses on the US as a model police state, ALL cops in ALL countries are derivative from very similar violent traditions of modern policing, rooted in old totalitarian regimes, genocides, and slavery, if not the mere maintenance of authoritarian power structures through terrorism. &gt; &gt; - [police shoot people twice as often as previously thought.](https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/xwvv3a/shot-by-cops) Keep in mind that this was self-reported, so we have no way of knowing if these numbers speak to the actual number of shootings in the US. Many of these people are completely unarmed. Police kill far, *far* more people than terrorists in the US and have killed over a hundred people more than mass shooters did in 2019 *that we are aware of.* Mass shooters are easily tracked. Police killings are not. [1](https://www.theroot.com/here-s-how-many-people-police-killed-in-2019-we-think-1841183889) [2](https://www.fbi.gov/file-repository/active-shooter-incidents-in-the-us-2019-042820.pdf/view) &gt; &gt; - [And if they don't shoot you, they might just airstrike your block and burn your children alive.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/may/10/move-1985-bombing-reconciliation-philadelphia) &gt; &gt; - [They also shoot one dog every hour, every day.](https://archive.is/UtPiG) At the absolute least. &gt; &gt; - Once you're in jail, be prepared to sit there for weeks -or months or *years*. [It's so bad that people constantly plead guilty just so they can get out.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/innocent-man-pleaded-guilty-drug-charge-get-out-jail-it-n1067321) It's so bad and so common, in fact, that [over a third of all exonerations come after an individual has pleaded guilty.](https://www.law.umich.edu/special/exoneration/Documents/Exonerations%20in%202018.pdf) So much for the right to a speedy trial, huh? &gt; &gt; - And getting arrested is easy - tens of thousands of people yearly, in fact, thanks to lowest bidder garbage that police departments use in order to test for illicit substances. Field drug tests are about as reliable as lie detector tests or horoscopes. They just don't work. [They just don't.](https://www.propublica.org/article/common-roadside-drug-test-routinely-produces-false-positives) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe if you just follow directions? [Yeah, no.](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/12/graphic-video-shows-police-killing-of-unarmed-man-in-arizona.html) And if they don't just outright kill you, they could make their instructions [so arcane and hard to follow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OflGwyWcft8) that they'll kill you for not following them, and they'll usually get away with it. He got away with it, [by the way.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/arizona-police-shooting-killed-man-crawling-floor-killed-a8100326.html) Surprise! &gt; &gt; - [They'll prosecute you for even *knowing about* crimes cops have committed.](https://boingboing.net/2019/02/26/list-of-thousands-of-criminal.html) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe in your home? lmao nah. Not even your 7 year old is safe from getting her brains blown out. check out [this horrifying megapost on no-knock raids](https://archive.is/quFI4) &gt; &gt; - [Being a taxi driver is literally more dangerous than being a cop.](https://thinkprogress.org/how-dangerous-is-it-to-be-a-cop-heres-what-the-data-says-c07f6a58d8fc/) &gt; &gt; - [cops are more of a danger to themselves than anyone else is to them](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/04/11/officers-firefighters-suicides-study/503735002/) &gt; &gt; - [they've *admitted to* stealing as much -or recently *more*- than burglars through "asset forfeiture," and the rate of their thefts has been climbing yearly.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/11/23/cops-took-more-stuff-from-people-than-burglars-did-last-year/) Keep in mind, these numbers only articulate what's been reported. It's probable that they've stolen far more than just this. &gt; &gt; - [police are literally allowed to rape people on the job in 35 states,](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/albertsamaha/this-teenager-accused-two-on-duty-cops-of-rape-she-had-no) as they have the power to determine whether or not you consented to sex with them while in their custody. &gt; &gt; up to 50% of the people police murder are disabled
So you're just going to keep repeating nonsense instead of admitting you have no argument then? This is why nobody takes you seriously. Look up the Stonewall riots and educate yourself on the subject of riots causing change.
So you couldn't come up with a single example to support your claim then? Show me an example of the BLM movement calling for the death of white people and I'll donate $200 to a charity of your choice. Police are murdering people every day and you're more upset about something that a random person might have said online.
So you want the internet flooded with misinformation?
You *still* don't get it. I told you in my original reply that racism against white people exists. My point is that your need to point it out in response to a situation that is *specifically about the struggles of black people* is classless, dismissive and inherently motivated by the common conservative tactic of playing victim. You've created a strawman to argue against because you've already lost the original argument.
You are really fucking stretching here. There is nothing wrong with private entities controlling the way their platform is being used for misinformation.
Im perfectly comfortable with the use of a fact checking system.
Show me where I said that. I'll wait.
I never said to delete anything. I proposed a fact checking system that links to alternnate sources. Something already implemented by facebook and Twitter. Nice strawman though.
People don't often fact check in echo chambers. And automatic system that just links to other sources would be a fine addition.
&gt;1. No you didn't say that, not in this comment chain anyway. And that wouldn't really matter, because that's not the only way to censor and manipulate. It's already out of control, and you want it increased. I've stated it multiple times on this thread. &gt;2. You're going to start taking things seriously, that's a guarantee. /r/iamverybadass
Show me the statement that your second paragraph was in response to. Its also fucking hilarious watching you beat your chest and champion the protests when you're all over reddit defending the cops and blaming the black protestors.
Your comment got deleted because you can't manage to have a debate without using slurs. Have a good one.
This is an impressive write up. Kudos.
His term automatically ends in January and the Speaker of the House becomes president
It's really awesome how all of Reddit seems to have rewatched this show at the same time.
Do you? Every source on google just quotes a random White House Rep who claims they go off "almost" every night. And yet you can easily read accounts of people who live and work in the area disputing this and find plenty of pictures.
You went from "so many articles" to "yeah thats a half assed source". It's literally required for the front of the White House to be lit up all night because they fly their flag 24/7. Stop defending obvious lies and just admit you were wrong.
Show me a single sourve that they turn them off that isn't quoting that statement from the white house.
&gt;I wasn’t blaming innocent people! Yes you were &gt;I think Dr. King might think different about peaceful protests. Thats because you don't actually know anything about him. "Riots are the language of the unheard" -MLK &gt;And if you’re gonna burn shit, burn gov buildings and police stations. Don’t burn down a black firemen’s bar that he spent his life’s savings on. How does that help? Blaming the many for the actions of one. A fascist tactic. &gt;Alaska being the least diverse state... &gt;it actually ranks #15 and Anchorage Alaska is one of the most diverse cities in America! &gt;Get your facts straight. Ill concede this point. I didn't do my research and repeated something Ibhad heard. That's on me &gt; &gt;And I’d rather have a gun to fight back, if needed, than a baseball bat. Neither will do shit. &gt;But the call is on you bud. Can’t even see a friend when they present themselves. If you're blaming the rioters you're not a friend. I've been out protesting 3 days while you sit at home and criticize. &gt;I think a gay couple should be able to defend their weed farm with rocket launchers and at-15’s while drinking Brazilian coffee. Ahh the old "I like gays so I'm woke". You need to support every oppressed group and stop cherry picking. &gt;Closest to a libertarian, but there really should be no parties, if we want a functional society. Then we blame problems instead of letters by elected officials names. Libertarians are just conservatives in hiding.
This was a fucking fascinating read. Thanks for sharing.
Spend five minutes in /r/libertarian and tell me it isn't a right wing sub.
[More evidence of MLKs realization of the validity of violence.](https://www.google.com/search?q=martin+lurher+king+violence&amp;oq=martin+lurher+king+violence&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l3.6511j0j9&amp;client=ms-android-lge-rev1&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8) i also notice you haven't said a goddamn thing about Malcolm X, The Black Panthers or anyone else who contributed to the civil rights movement. Your school books told you it was all MLK huh? &gt;How did I blame innocent people? I was just saying if they had guns, it might not happen, didn’t say it happened because they didn’t have guns, or because of something they did or didn’t do. This isn’t a “well she was wearing a short skirt, so she was asking for it” argument. "Instead of burning buildings, line the streets, standing peacefully with ak’s ar’s and any other gun you’d like. I’d agree with that 100% over looting. Maybe the cops won’t start the violence that way," &gt;The actions of one? &gt;There are a shitton of burnt small businesses. Even the big chains are mostly franchises and are owned by a local person. That was just one example of a black man that’s helped his community his whole life and was fucked out of his dream. Seemed like it’d hit home. Why do you care more about businessess than you do about Black lives? Plenty of destroyed businessess have expressed support for BLM. &gt;I never blamed the rioters! I must have missed it on this post, but I understand that the police enticed the violence, but I don’t think it should be fed into. Protest, sure riot, but don’t be violent and don’t break your neighbors shit in the process! I have already disproven this. &gt;I’m sorry i didn’t say, “a quad racial /transgender /bi sexual/ gay / couple” I just meant I don’t give a fuck what anyone else does, as long as it doesn’t hurt another person. Also known as the "I have a black friend defense". &gt;If you think I’m sitting here doing nothing, tell me what I can do to help, I’ll write letters to the police chiefs of all the major cities these protest are going on. People have been doing that for decades with no change. You're spinning your wheels. You should also stop pretending you're "on my side" when you spend your time on reddit condemning protestors and defending Trump while pretending to be centrist. It's extremely transparent.
One party is based on bigotry, fear, and science denial. The other is not. Your centrist bullshit doesn't work when only one side marches towards fascism..
Can't back up your argument so you resort to personal attacks. Mad that you got called out for being completely ineffective? Be honest, you're 12 right?
Also, your post history is full of Trump defense. Don't try to claim a political leaning whe your history is public.
Im basing it on the expressed opinions of those in the movement (including you) instead of posting pipe dream wiki quotes.
Choosing between Fascism and Freedom shouldn't make you so mad.
Name three things Trump has done that benefits the US and I'll paypal you $200
&gt;1.The first step act. A hollow act that does nothing. 2.Kept the promise of gifting his salary to veterans affairs, national parks, department of health and human services, the transportation department, and the national institution for alcohol abuse. Prove it. And then compare it tonthe millions he has earned as president. 3. USMCA replaced NAFTA. He worked with Canada and Mexico through a trade deal to get better pay rates and environments for Mexican workers. They have less incentive to hop boarders, and are making their own lives better . [USMCA isn't better than nafta](https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/2018/10/3/17930092/usmca-mexico-nafta-trump-trade-deal-explained) 4. He furthered Obama’s accomplishments and helped usher in 6million new jobs, while disability and unemployment claims went down. This doesn’t fully count, as its was part Obama’s doing, the the tax reform certainly helped. It was all Obama's doing. Show me a single tax cut that helped you. Or a single job Trump created. &gt;These are non objective points, I didn’t use anything that could be argued as good or bad by either side. These 4 things are things accomplished that both parties and all people can get behind. Well that's just a lie. &gt;I could find more, but again, I think 99% of elected officials suck at some point and are good at some point. &gt;No one I’ve ever voted for has won. But i also wasn’t looking for things to hate in Obama, I wanted him to be our best president ever, even though I didn’t agree with him on a lot of things. The same for trump, I don’t agree with him a lot, didn’t vote for him, but I hope he will be our best president ever. And I hope the next person is even better. (That won’t be too hard!) Stop your centrist postering bullshit. Nobody believes it. &gt;As for my $200 You didn't earn it. And you still managed to be a pos in your request.
You really have nothing to say huh?
&gt;Why is it a hollow act that does nothing? Its a baby step for an issue that needs a leap and it has yet to change anything about the justice system. &gt;Prove it? Look it up, you asked, I answered. Every source will prove he hasn’t kept his salary. Nothing proves it. He shows a chwck every once in a while and says he donated it I also noticed you ignored the millions he has made as president. &gt;USMCA isn’t better than nafta. &gt;Opinion I guess. The article you linked showed that is was bipartisan, highly approved of?? What’s wrong? New Rules of origin that damage US automotive competition. Poorly thought out Trade protectionism. Failure to address Climate Change. Unbalanced pharmaceutical patent rules that harm consumers There are several other reasons if you want them. &gt;As for the employment, I gave Obama credit, and trump... because they both deserve it. All statistics and studies shiw that Trump had literally nothing to do with it. You also failed to name a single job he created &gt;God I wish I could show you my voting record. And what’s wrong with being centrist? You’re correct, I’m not bat shit crazy on either side of the spectrum. I lean both directions and dislike both directions... sorry? "I'm sorry that I won't condemn a political party based in fascism and bigotry because I've been convinced it's good for me. &gt;It’s super easy to argue the way you do. I’ll concede. If I point out anything, you use an opinion to beat it. I Can’t keep doing that. I hope you have a good day bud. "I have run out of premade talking points and have nothing left to contribute." &gt;And MY 200$ We both know you didn't meet the terms.
Stop posting wiki article and just acknowledge your own beliefs. This os pointless.
There are multiple accounts from the clergymen who were gassed. It happened.
Never take the word of the police in these situations. They have proven time and again they can't be trusted
Just so people have a good idea of the bad faith actors who post Anti-protest comments, here are some other comments this user has posted recently.: (The censoring is my own to prevent any automated hate speech banning.) &gt;You'll wake up an be a ni**er &gt;I don't even believe in politics. Go back to drama with the Jews and Tra**ies &gt;How do your parents feel about you being a meth smoking fa**ot? Always look into the motivations of a concern troll.
I literally just quoted three times in the past week that you used slurs on Reddit. Your concern trolling isn't working bud. Try harder.
You can say that all you want. But you still support a party that is historically racist and homophobic, and regularly makes policies that openly harm minorites.
Did you even read your sources? In 2019 370 white people were killed by police, while 235 black people were killed. Black people make up 13% of the population while white people account for 71%. You literally just proved yourself wrong.
That statistic is irrelevant. Police kill black people more than white people. The fact that not all of the cops are white means nothing.
That's the problem with you republicans. The only reason you could imagine someone caring about minorites is to exploit them. Thanks for proving my point.
The pandemic response was screwed up from the beginning and the only people he protected from the recession are his corporate overlords. Both his fault. He also has a long track record of encouraging police violence, calling for the deaths of innocent black kids, and is currently teargassing peaceful protestors and threatening military response. Face it, you can't defend him on this one.
Here we go. There's always one. Why don't you research the socioeconomic factors, the over policing, the poverty rates, lack of access to education and the thousand other racist issues that cause minorites to either turn to crime or be arrested and convicted at higher rates. But you won't, it's much easier to just meme a statistic without context or understanding.
Voting in local elections isn't going to do shit here. We need a full overhaul of the entire justice system. But sure, go ahead and blame the people who are mad about 400 years of oppression and murder . It's telling that you seem to care more about that footlocker than you do about black people being murdered.
It's facts that you can't dispute that clearly explain the flaw in your narrative. Don't try to speak at the adult table if you don't have anything to say.
People downvote because that statistic is completely irrelevant without the appropriate context and is just used by racists to troll.
An analysis of the available FBI data by [Dara Lind for Vox](http://www.vox.com/2014/8/21/6051043/how-many-people-killed-police-statistics-homicide-official-black) found that US police kill black people at disproportionate rates: Black people accounted for 31 percent of police killing victims in 2012, even though they made up just 13 percent of the US population. The disparities appear to be even starker for unarmed suspects, according to an analysis of 2015 police killings by the [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/01/black-americans-killed-by-police-analysis). Racial minorities made up about 37.4 percent of the general population in the US and 46.6 percent of armed and unarmed victims, but they made up 62.7 percent of unarmed people killed by police. These disparities in police use of force reflect more widespread racial inequities across the entire American criminal justice system. Black people are much more likely to be [arrested for drugs](http://www.vox.com/cards/war-on-drugs-marijuana-cocaine-heroin-meth/war-on-drugs-effect), even though they’re not more likely to [use](http://www.vox.com/2014/7/27/5940783/prohibition-marijuana-legalization-pot-weed-racism-new-york-times) or [sell](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2871399/) them. And black inmates make up a disproportionate amount of the [prison population](http://www.vox.com/cards/everything-prisons-reform-incarceration-criminal-justice/what-are-the-demographics-of-the-prison-population). [Another study](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0141854) from 2015, by researcher Cody Ross found, “There is no relationship between county-level racial bias in police shootings and crime rates (even race-specific crime rates), meaning that the racial bias observed in police shootings in this data set is not explainable as a response to local-level crime rates.” That suggests that, again, other factors are involved in the disparities seen for these shootings.
&gt;Recession is caused by mobility being reduced by the pandemic (response), the worse you think the response was (in terms of quarantine) the better he was "protecting" the citizens against recession, which doing for everyone is obviously impossible. Calling it a hoax, dismantling the team meant to handle it and publicly suggesting dangerous medication have nothing to do with the pandemic. &gt;I'd like a citation on the second part, and I think you're opinion about how much influence the president's words have over police actions is skewed. Police brutality is a huge issue for decades, has nothing to do with Trump Encouraging police violence [Here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/07/29/u-s-police-chiefs-blast-trump-for-endorsing-police-brutality/%3foutputType=amp) [You](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/donald-trump-is-serious-when-he-jokes-about-police-brutality/amp) [Go](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/06/01/politics/donald-trump-race-police/index.html) Calling for the deaths of innocent black kids. [Here's a source](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2019/06/18/nyregion/central-park-five-trump.amp.html) Currently teargassing peaceful protestors [Source](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/06/01/us/politics/trump-st-johns-church-bible.amp.html) Threatening military response. [Source](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/06/02/us/politics/military-national-guard-trump-protests.amp.html) Can't wait for you to do what you guys always do when proven wrong. Either disappear or screech about fake news.
People have been giving the same advice as you for decades. You clearly have zero understanding of American police departments and it's justice system. You just do not know enough about this situation to have a valid opinion.
Show me a single piece of evidence that the issue of racially motivated police brutality has been "slowly getting better for decades." I'll wait.
&gt;i lean towards libertarian because i support gun rights for every citizen and i'm not shy about telling people that this country needs to arm as many responsible gun owners as we can. i was lead to my opinion after reading about how easy it is to enforce gun control selectively to hurt minorities. plenty of recent examples, but stop-and-frisk in NYC and some black panther history might interest you **IF YOU'D FUCKING READ A WIKIPEDIA ARTICLE.** I don't need to. I have an education. I already know the history of the civil rights movement. &gt;some democratic socialists downplay the importance of self-defense in favor of a fear-based platform of broadly banning the guns they find scary looking. those people are really thinking about cause and effect, and they're trying to do the right thing for our country, but they're ignorant or scared of this one issue and it's holding us all back. (i already joked about leaning libertarian while also thinking most libertarians are idiots.) This statement is what a right winger would write about DemSoc. &gt;do you understand why you would have looked smarter by READING and understanding these political ideologies? why do you think these ideas with hundreds of years of history behind them are "buzzwords"? I went to college. You read a few wikipedia articles. Be honest, you're about 14 right?
History has proven you wrong.
Dude, I grew up poor as fuck in the shitty side of Atlanta. I paid my own goddamn way through college and have 2 degrees. Nobody but American centrists and conservatives would consider your political leaning to be left wing. You have literally called yourself a conservative multiple times in the past 6 days on reddit. Quityourbullshit
Boston Tea Party LA riots Stonewall Riots Want me to keep going? [Want a source?](https://time.com/3951282/riot-violence-use-american-history/)
You know that Trump is encouraging states to "dominate the protesters" right?
Name a single person who has expressed that sentiment. Ill wait.
No. We're talking about the fact that his actions led to this scenario. Im done here. You never attempred to argue in good faith.
You posted an irrelevant comment in a thread about this subject. When you got called on it it "wasn't what you wanted to talk about. Be honest, you're about 12 right?
Except for the parts where I completely proved you wrong? Your sudden aggressive outburst makes it pretty obvious that your argument doesn't have a leg to stand on and you know it. Grow up and learn to admit when you're wrong.
Damn. Being proven as a liar always pisses you liars off so bad. Also, you mentioned your degree first dumbass. You're definitely about 14.
You said riots dont work. I gave you three examples of when they did. You said those times were different or didn't cause change. I proved you wrong. Now you'll do the same as every other edgy teenager on reddit and resort to petty name calling and insults in place of an actual argument. A bot would've been less predictable.
Keep trying to move those goal posts dude. I showed you whyvyou were wrong already.
He called for their deaths in 2016. *10 years after they were proven innocent by DNA evidence* His excuse were "they were probably thete to commit crimes. " it isn't a stretch at all.
So you're going to ignore the hours of fighting and brick throwing that occured after to try and make it fit your narrative? This is why nobody takes you seriously. Just admit you don't actually care about black lives and move on. I'm done here.
He pardons white murderers and calls for the execution of innocent black people. Stop pretending he isn't a racist.
I called you a liar for openly misrepresenting your political leanings in different conversations on reddit. Keep up. Also keep railing against that anti-wikipedia strawman. I'm sure you have them on the ropes.
The only reason you keep harping on about the wikipedia thing is because you can't actually face the fact that you misrepresented yourself and spoke on things that you had very little knowledge of. This is my last reply. You're just spinning your wheels at this point.
&gt;as a 2A conservative, &gt;i lean towards libertarian &gt;i'm a democratic socialist Just gonna leave these here.
And just like everyone else that gets proven wrong repeatedly, you disappear. Be honest, you're about 14 right?
Im sure you will. Being a prick is more important to you than contributing to the conversation
Forcing the auto industry to take electric seriously Creating paypal Keeping space exploration alive You can not like the guy all you want. (He's a dick) But it's dishonest to downplay his contributions.
Show me footage of them reporting officer misconduct and we'll talk. Hollow words after the fact mean nothing.
The "good ones" don't turn in the bad ones. They are complicit.
Can't handle the truth?
The ones who arent don't turn in the ones who do. They are complicit.
This shows such a lack of understanding of these events it's incredible.
The literal entire point of a riot is to be a catalyst for change. That statement rigjt there shows how clueless you are.
&gt;Not really that simple, in a lot of cases you really can’t say anything without your life basically being ruined. And not every police precinct consists of only corrupt cops. If there are officers who chew out other officers behind closed doors you wouldn’t even know, so what’s the point. Not reporting evil because you'll lose your job makes you a bad person. These are the same defenses people used for Nazis.
The LAPD alone has a $1.8 billion budget.
How do you explain all the other times Trump has been openly racist?
LA literally created the modern civil rights movement. Do an ounce of research and realize how ignorant you sound.
Dude. You tried claiming riots don't work. I showed you three examples of when they did. Now you're trying to invalidate them. I've been through this exact conversation three times in this thread at this point. You're just spinning your wheels and I'm done here
This is why you're wrong. You think black people's lives are less important than a job. Shame on you [PolicenDomesticnAbuse](https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Police-domestic-violence-nearly-twice-average-rate-2536928.php) In the last 9 years US police [raped](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/10/19/us/police-sexual-assaults-maryland-scope/index.html) over 400 people in custody. In 2017 police killed [1000](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/nationwide-police-shot-and-killed-nearly-1000-people-in-2017/2018/01/04/4eed5f34-e4e9-11e7-ab50-621fe0588340_story.html%3foutputType=amp) people in the US. &gt;Police officers are indicted in fewer than 1% of killings, but the indictment rate for civilians involved in a killing is 90%. (FiveThirtyEight) &gt;In 2015, there were 1,307 people who lost their lives at the hands of a police officer or law enforcement official. In 2016, that number was 1,152. Although lower, both years are still higher than the 1,149 people who were killed by police in 2014. (Fatal Encounters/Mapping Police Violence &gt;52% of police officers report that it is not unusual for law enforcement officials to turn a blind eye to the improper conduct of other officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;61% of police officers state that they do not always report serious abuse that has been directly observed by fellow officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;84% of police officers have stated in a recent survey that they have directly witnesses a fellow officer using more force than was necessary. (US Department of Justice) &gt;People who are African-American/Black are twice as likely to be killed by a police officer while being unarmed compared to a Caucasian/White individual. (The Guardian) &gt;1 in 4 people who are killed by law enforcement officials in the United States are unarmed. (Mic) &gt; The second most common form of police misconduct is sexual assault . [This](https://vittana.org/42-shocking-police-brutality-statistics) lists all of the studies those numbers come from. [There](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/health/after-ferguson-black-men-and-boys-still-face-the-highest-risk-of-being-killed-by-police) [Are](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2019/08/police-officer-shootings-gun-violence-racial-bias-crime-data/595528/) [Many](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793.short) [Sources](https://mappingpoliceviolence.org/) [For this](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2016/02/08/black-and-unarmed-behind-the-numbers)I &gt;This isn't debatable, actually look at the facts](https://www.vox.com/identities/2016/8/13/17938186/police-shootings-killings-racism-racial-disparities) &gt;An analysis of the available FBI data by [Dara Lind for Vox](http://www.vox.com/2014/8/21/6051043/how-many-people-killed-police-statistics-homicide-official-black) found that US police kill black people at disproportionate rates: Black people accounted for 31 percent of police killing victims in 2012, even though they made up just 13 percent of the US population. &gt;The disparities appear to be even starker for unarmed suspects, according to an analysis of 2015 police killings by the [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/01/black-americans-killed-by-police-analysis). Racial minorities made up about 37.4 percent of the general population in the US and 46.6 percent of armed and unarmed victims, but they made up 62.7 percent of unarmed people killed by police. &gt;These disparities in police use of force reflect more widespread racial inequities across the entire American criminal justice system. Black people are much more likely to be [arrested for drugs](http://www.vox.com/cards/war-on-drugs-marijuana-cocaine-heroin-meth/war-on-drugs-effect), even though they’re not more likely to [use](http://www.vox.com/2014/7/27/5940783/prohibition-marijuana-legalization-pot-weed-racism-new-york-times) or [sell](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2871399/) them. And black inmates make up a disproportionate amount of the [prison population](http://www.vox.com/cards/everything-prisons-reform-incarceration-criminal-justice/what-are-the-demographics-of-the-prison-population). [Another study](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0141854) &gt;from 2015, by researcher Cody Ross found, “There is no relationship between county-level racial bias in police shootings and crime rates (even race-specific crime rates), meaning that the racial bias observed in police shootings in this data set is not explainable as a response to local-level crime rates.” That suggests that, again, other factors are involved in the disparities seen for these shootings. What does it mean when people say that all cops are bastards (ACAB)? &gt; &gt;If it were an individual thing, you'd give them the benefit of the doubt, but it isn't; it's an institutional thing. the job itself is a bastard, therefore by carrying out the job, they are bastards. To take it to an extreme: there were no good members of the gestapo because there was no way to carry out the directives of the gestapo and to be a good person. it is the same with the american police state. [Police do not exist to protect and serve, according to the US supreme court itself,](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html) but to dominate, control, and terrorize in order to maintain the interests of state and capital. &gt; &gt;Who are the good cops then? The ones who either quit or are fired for refusing to do the job. &gt; &gt;While the following list focuses on the US as a model police state, ALL cops in ALL countries are derivative from very similar violent traditions of modern policing, rooted in old totalitarian regimes, genocides, and slavery, if not the mere maintenance of authoritarian power structures through terrorism. &gt; &gt; - [police shoot people twice as often as previously thought.](https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/xwvv3a/shot-by-cops) Keep in mind that this was self-reported, so we have no way of knowing if these numbers speak to the actual number of shootings in the US. Many of these people are completely unarmed. Police kill far, *far* more people than terrorists in the US and have killed over a hundred people more than mass shooters did in 2019 *that we are aware of.* Mass shooters are easily tracked. Police killings are not. [1](https://www.theroot.com/here-s-how-many-people-police-killed-in-2019-we-think-1841183889) [2](https://www.fbi.gov/file-repository/active-shooter-incidents-in-the-us-2019-042820.pdf/view) &gt; &gt; - [And if they don't shoot you, they might just airstrike your block and burn your children alive.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/may/10/move-1985-bombing-reconciliation-philadelphia) &gt; &gt; - [They also shoot one dog every hour, every day.](https://archive.is/UtPiG) At the absolute least. &gt; &gt; - Once you're in jail, be prepared to sit there for weeks -or months or *years*. [It's so bad that people constantly plead guilty just so they can get out.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/innocent-man-pleaded-guilty-drug-charge-get-out-jail-it-n1067321) It's so bad and so common, in fact, that [over a third of all exonerations come after an individual has pleaded guilty.](https://www.law.umich.edu/special/exoneration/Documents/Exonerations%20in%202018.pdf) So much for the right to a speedy trial, huh? &gt; &gt; - And getting arrested is easy - tens of thousands of people yearly, in fact, thanks to lowest bidder garbage that police departments use in order to test for illicit substances. Field drug tests are about as reliable as lie detector tests or horoscopes. They just don't work. [They just don't.](https://www.propublica.org/article/common-roadside-drug-test-routinely-produces-false-positives) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe if you just follow directions? [Yeah, no.](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/12/graphic-video-shows-police-killing-of-unarmed-man-in-arizona.html) And if they don't just outright kill you, they could make their instructions [so arcane and hard to follow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OflGwyWcft8) that they'll kill you for not following them, and they'll usually get away with it. He got away with it, [by the way.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/arizona-police-shooting-killed-man-crawling-floor-killed-a8100326.html) Surprise! &gt; &gt; - [They'll prosecute you for even *knowing about* crimes cops have committed.](https://boingboing.net/2019/02/26/list-of-thousands-of-criminal.html) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe in your home? lmao nah. Not even your 7 year old is safe from getting her brains blown out. check out [this horrifying megapost on no-knock raids](https://archive.is/quFI4) &gt; &gt; - [Being a taxi driver is literally more dangerous than being a cop.](https://thinkprogress.org/how-dangerous-is-it-to-be-a-cop-heres-what-the-data-says-c07f6a58d8fc/) &gt; &gt; - [cops are more of a danger to themselves than anyone else is to them](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/04/11/officers-firefighters-suicides-study/503735002/) &gt; &gt; - [they've *admitted to* stealing as much -or recently *more*- than burglars through "asset forfeiture," and the rate of their thefts has been climbing yearly.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/11/23/cops-took-more-stuff-from-people-than-burglars-did-last-year/) Keep in mind, these numbers only articulate what's been reported. It's probable that they've stolen far more than just this. &gt; &gt; - [police are literally allowed to rape people on the job in 35 states,](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/albertsamaha/this-teenager-accused-two-on-duty-cops-of-rape-she-had-no) as they have the power to determine whether or not you consented to sex with them while in their custody. &gt; &gt; up to 50% of the people police murder are disabled
So you barely skimmed that huh? Got it. Carry on in ignorance.
How is comparing them to other countries to show the difference at all detrimental to my argument? Do you know how debates work?
If you had actually read my post you'd realize why that statement is ignorant as hell.
Show me examples of lobbying and civil suits changing police brutality. I'll wait.
Dude you literally just said that threatening civilians with the military and teargassing innocent people is "not a big deal". This is exactly how fascism starts. You have no logical reason to support him but you have tied your identity to it and won't admit you are wrong. I pity you, you're on the wrong side of history.
So police brutality is fine as long as the person survives? That's the stance you're taking?
All police brutality is severe. Stop protecting thugs.
If your only take away is that I have too many points for you to address, then maybe you should admit that the issue is more severe than you're treating it. Also, acknowledging other peoples issues doesn't diminish you're own. Good try though.
Choosing to be a part if that system nakes you a bad person. It's really that simple. Get over it.
Learn empathy.
I've explained to you why they aren't wrongfully condemned. You're using the same defenses people used for Nazi soldiers. Learn some self awareness.
This is my last reply to you. I have explained this to you in every way possible and it's clear that you care more about some random cop losing his job than you do about the wellbeing of black people. Grow up.
You've now defended American police and Nazi soldiers. Thanks for proving my point. My work is done here. Have a good one bootlicker.
Even more Nazi defense. This is fucking hilarious.
Can't teach those who are unwilling to learn.
How is acknowledging the truth shallow?
&gt;Using military against civilians is horrible, threatening it in a very unconvincing way is not a big deal. This is the sentiment that allows fascism to take hold. &gt;Teargassing innocent people IS horrible, but it's been done since teargas was invented, *and they weren't technically innocent* as they were breaking curfew. Curfew was at 7, the gassing happened at 6:30. Are you misinformed or lying? &gt;Fascism starts WAY earlier, Obama, Bush, Nixon, LBJ, Roosevelt, Hoover, Wilson, Roosevelt again, and LINCOLN (the first president to use the army with civilians, but I bet it was okay when he did it right?)... All took unprecedented powers and ruined any semblance of constitutional limitations, Trump did nothing unprecedented. Trump has literally spent his entire term takinh unprecedented steps towards fascism. &gt;I am not a MAGA guy, I don't like what Trump is doing, I'm just not irrationally biased against him, I also don't take rhetoric as seriously I guess. It's YOU people, claiming Trump is the exception, who end up supporting government overreach when the guy you like is in office but act all surprised when the guy you don't like takes advantage. You're entire characterization of me is projection. These are exactly the things that germans said about Hitler.
Tell me why the LAPD needs $1.8 billion a year. Ill wait.
Absolutely break it down. Explain me why the LAPD needs its budget. By the way I looked up newer numbers, they actually get $3.18 billion. *a third of the cities entire public budget.* For reference: Emergency Management gets 6 million. Economic development gets 30 million. Next year LA is planning an almost 50% cut to it's public school budget and yet it's raising the LAPD budget by 7% just to fund officer bonuses. Please explain to me why that's necessary.
&gt;Yeah let's just ignore Obama drone striking citizens and call out Trump for flying a helicopter, that should stop fascism. Everyone on the left condemned Obamas drone strike numbers (which have already been doubled by Trump.) &gt;Completely uninformed, because people like you are all over the news taking things way out of context making getting trust worthy news impractical. So you're talking out of your ass then? Got it. &gt;It's completely irrelevant to my point that Trump didn't invent teargas, police have been using teargas excessively on people of all colors FOR AGES. Wake the fuck up. He literally ordered it to be used on peacful protesters and church members. Unprecedented steps towards fascism? Threatening protestors with military intervention. Declaring he has total authority. Calling on his supporters to commit violence. Locking people he deems dangerous in camps where they are neglected and sold off. Should I keep going? &gt;Yes, Trump is Hitler, thank you for keeping you impartiality here. I never said this but go off with your strawman.
Oooh boy a whole lot to unpack here &gt;You ever read the Bible? Kanye bases a lot of his idealogy on thr Bible... You know the book thats all about love and loving one another (at least this is what people like to take from it) Exodus 21:7-11 NLT When a man sells his daughter as a slave, she will not be freed at the end of six years as the men are. If she does not please the man who bought her, he may allow her to be bought back again. But he is not allowed to sell her to foreigners, since he is the one who broke the contract with her. And if the slave girl’s owner arranges for her to marry his son, he may no longer treat her as a slave girl, but he must treat her as his daughter. If he himself marries her and then takes another wife, he may not reduce her food or clothing or fail to sleep with her as his wife. If he fails in any of these three ways, she may leave as a free woman without making any payment. Exodus 21: 20-21 When a slave owner strikes a male or female slave with a rod and the slave dies immediately, the owner shall be punished. But if the slave survives a day or two, there is no punishment; for the slave is the owner's property. A disciple is not above the teacher, nor a slave above the master (Matthew 10:24) Who then is the faithful and wise slave, whom his master has put in charge of his household, to give the other slaves their allowance of food at the proper time? Blessed is that slave whom his master will find at work when he arrives. (Matthew 24:45-46) Let all who are under the yoke of slavery regard their masters as worthy of all honor, so that the name of God and the teaching may not be blasphemed. Those who have believing masters must not be disrespectful to them on the ground that they are members of the church; rather they must serve them all the more, since those who benefit by their service are believers and beloved. Teach and urge these duties. (1 Timothy 6:1-5) Slaves, obey your earthly masters with fear and trembling, in singleness of heart, as you obey Christ; not only while being watched, and in order to please them, but as slaves of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart. (Ephesians 6:5-6) Tell slaves to be submissive to their masters and to give satisfaction in every respect; they are not to talk back, not to pilfer, but to show complete and perfect fidelity, so that in everything they may be an ornament to the doctrine of God our Savior. (Titus 2:9-10) Slaves, accept the authority of your masters with all deference, not only those who are kind and gentle but also those who are harsh. For it is a credit to you if, being aware of God, you endure pain while suffering unjustly. If you endure when you are beaten for doing wrong, what credit is that? But if you endure when you do right and suffer for it, you have God's approval. (1 Peter 2:18-29) 1 Timothy 2:11-15 A woman should learn in quietness and full submission. I do not permit a woman to teach or to have authority over a man; she must be silent &gt;I'm just saying lmao.. I don't even like trump but to say Kanye is racist is a very ignorant position to have &gt;Kanye only identified with trump because they're both attacked by the media and the only way in his head to move forward is to love one another. Plenty of people get attacked by the media. Not everyone supports fascism as a response. &gt;The slavery comment was also taken out of context. Although blacks are "victims", Kanye doesn't think that victim mentality has ever helped anyone. &gt;When you hear about slavery for 400 years,” he said. “For 400 years? That sounds like a choice. You was there for 400 years and it’s all of y’all. How is this out of context? &gt;He dropped the shtick after he felt like his message was doing harm, and after he felt like he was being used He dropped it when it hurt his numbers. &gt; As a person that follows Mr. West, and his antics closely, I'm confident that this is the right take. As someone who also follows his antics closely and used to be a fan. This is nothing but mindless celebrity worship. &gt;You should consider looking between the lines more You should consider taking his dick out of your mouth and look at what is right in front of your face.
It happens exponentially more to black people. But keep playing victim.
The equipment statement was clearly just an example of something to use as a talking point to show you that the police budgets are completely unnecessary. You then decided to just run with that because you have already admitted you know nothing about their budget uses. You also couldn't make it through a single debate without resorting to slurs. This is why nobody takes you seriously.
Show me a single time I provided a source with the curfew lie. Show any proof of your statements about Lincoln. FDR has been repeatedly condemned for Japanese internment camps. Also, imagine refusing to vote and thinking you have a seat at the table to criticize politics.
Nope. I'm just pointing out that your "AlL liVeS" bullshit is irrelevant and doesn't address the issue.
So you can't counter any of it then? Got it. Carry on
Still can't actually counter the argument then? Cool. Come back when you have facts.
Still can't address the actual issue then? Got it. Have a good one.
Did all Americans *choose* to be a part of those fights? Do you realize why your analogy is stupid as fuck?
&gt;Have you noticed how your ad-homs go unadresed? &gt; &gt;Your whole post lacks self-awareness I don't think I'm capable of having this conversation honestly . You don't even know what nondualism lmao (at least I assume this because you haven't addressed it) . On top of that you come off as very uncharitable and ready to 'win' . I hope you don't end your path with Satanism as you have room to grow. More mindless drivel. You'd rather pretend to be smarter than everyone than actually support your claims. Im not a child and I'm not going to sit and list definitions for you so that youll engage a discussion. &gt;Definitions of ego death and ye are very important to this discussion as they would help to understand Kanyes way of thinking. I literally just explained ego death &gt;I didn't even ask if you believed in God I just asked what your idea of God is. You have very bad reading comprhenssion on top of everything else. &gt;l No, you just have a false confidence in your own ideas and don't realize that ot was a poorly thought out question. &gt;I would appreciate it if you told me how old you are because I assume you're young or just very stunted. I'm a thirty year old man with 2 Degrees. Im beginning to suspect that you're about 14.
You have done nothing but spout disconnected philosophical buzz phrases with zero understanding of what you're saying and then repeatedly insult my intelligence. Until you stop the whole cringy asshole vibe and actually address the original issue I'm done You have nothing to contribute and that's extremely obvious.
Yep, Im done. You have still managed to say literally nothing. You actually think you're coming off as intelligent while spouting terms without actually understanding them. Your ignorance is astounding. Thanks for the screenshots. This is gonna go over like gold on /r/Iamverysmart.
Unlike you. I understand the topic enough to present solutions. 1. Independent review boards that are in charge of all disciplinary actions. A majority of the board needs to be staffed by elected civilians, or drawn from a large, randomized pool of qualified civilians, similar to jury duty. 2. A permanent end to all civil forfeitures without conviction. 3. Laws ensuring police departments do not get to keep any of the money they seize. It all must go toward education, healthcare, or other public services unrelated to law enforcement. 4. An end to no-knock raid abuse. Restrict their use to SWAT teams. Require that in order to get a warrant for a no-knock raid, police must first produce compelling evidence of production-scale quantities of opioids or meth, with a clearly defined numerical cutoff weight. 5. Laws stating that if a body camera is turned off during an arrest, the suspect must be neither jailed, nor booked, nor charged with a crime. 6. Laws specifying that if an officer's body camera is off when he or she discharges their gun or kills a suspect, the officer must be dismissed with significantly reduced pension. 7. A legal mandate that if an officer ever shoots or kills someone, it must go to a jury trial, always. No authority anywhere should have the power to dismiss homicide charges against a police officer without a trial. 8. Legislation establishing that evidence of an officer's attitudes toward violence, race, gender, or any other identity politics cannot be considered prejudicial and must be allowed to be brought forth during a trial. 9. Police departments must be held liable for any property damage their officers commit during an arrest. 10. Civil damages paid to victims of police brutality or wrongful arrest suits must be collected from the department's pension fund, not from the taxpayers or from the state's coffers.
All police are complicit in corruption and we still need all of these changes. Both are true. I'd suggest you try to care more about police corruption and brutality than you do about speaking ill of those who willfully join that organization You still don't get it.
&gt;Yes, because the word "exponentially" refers to rate of change, what you mean is "orders of magnitude". Actually, exponentially also refers to amn increasing rate of occurrence. Which applies here &gt;Yes, everyone has a little racial bias, Only racists give in to this bias. &gt;but police brutality isn't a racial issue, if the cops knew their place this wouldn't happen regardless of the racial bias which we can debate whether it's an issue or not. All statistics and studies show this to be false.
Goddamn this man is a poet.
Still can't come up with anything to back your false claims then? Cool.
&gt;Ye is a biblical word that means you all &gt;Ego death is the destruction of ego No it isn't. Ye is a modern english word. The bible was written in Aramaic and Hebrew &gt;By choosing the name ye Kanye is trying to further kill his ego and and when you kill your ego you try to act out love. This is nonsense that has nothing to do with ego death. &gt;This wasn't meant to solve the whole discussion but it was meant to help you think a bit less superficially. Literally neither of your statements has been factually correct. &gt;Ye has been a very important idea to him if you've paid any attention &gt; to him in thr past couple years. Also the fact that you didn't know what ye refred to was worrying because it's an extremely common word in thr text and you would have understood this if you had actually read and understood text You didn't even know the origin of Ye &gt;Ye (/jiː/) is a second-person, plural, personal pronoun (nominative), spelled in Old English as "ge". In Middle English and early Early Modern English, it was used as a both informal second-person plural and formal honorific, to address a group of equals or superiors or a single superior. While its use is archaic in most of the English-speaking world, it is used in Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada, Northern Englandand Cornwall in the United Kingdom, and Ireland to distinguish from the singular "you".[1 It literally says early modern english you moron. &gt;You could just dismiss me and say he's a delusional madman though or you could just dismiss me and say I'm a Kanye dick sucker. I dismiss you because you act superior while spouting easily disproven nonsene. Have a good one kid.
Aww you're butthurt because you got called out for your obvious lack of knowledge. The word "the" appears in the bible a lot too. Is that a biblical word?
Completely irrelevant. He still supports the system that encourages police brutality.
If you can't establish the basis of your own beliefs without just linking wikipedia articles and not commenting on them, then you don't understand them enough for debate. Have a good night dude.
The movies get much better. All the kids had to basically learn to act.
His whole sleeve is a spike lee tribute. This tattoo is 100% intentional. Calm down.
Literally all statistics prove you wrong.
You're definitely a child if you actually believe this.
So you're just a privliged bootstrapper then? If you think America has a healthy working class then you're ignorant to the point of absurdity.
They didn't. They went negative from a double charge.. Ready to retract your statement?
Whenever they ask questions he doesn't want to answer he just ends the conference. What do you expect them to do?
Not covering the actions of the *president*? You can't be serious? Like it or not everything he does affects all of us everyday. It's the responsibility of the media to keep us informed of those actions.
This is the most childish take I've ever seen. That same platform allows responsible people to witness his lunacy. Open press conferences by our leaders is necessary for democracy.
Not covering it is a disservice. How exactly do you expect them to "force him" to answer the questions? His inability to answer is important to see.
This is borderline idiotic. There is a reason he refused to do a press conference for months. Forcing him to attempt to address issues exposes his incompetence. Media suppression is a tool of the fascist
Wrong group dumbass.
I never referred to you as a fascist. I pointed out that what you are proposing will literally help him *as a fascist*. It literally will not achieve any good.
You are not allowed to partake in an extended campaign of harrasment to make someone kill themselves. People have been areested for doing it irl too. Your freedoms end when they harm others.
That's something I can agree on.
Oh look someone who has no idea what free speech means. [American girl arrested for convincing boyfriend to kill himself through text](https://www.google.com/search?q=girl+convinces+boyfriend+to+kill+himself&amp;oq=firl+convinces&amp;aqs=chrome.2.69i57j0l3.3106j0j4&amp;client=ms-android-lge-rev1&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8) And you could've done 5 minutes of research.
I think it's because it was just recently added to Netflix, so everyone is watching it.
And you just expect black people to keep dying while progress moves at a snails pace?
&gt;Saying "Trump is inciting police violence" when all he said that when taking away a murderer they don't have to protect his head. That's an interpretation, and it's biased. He told the police to ve violent. It's that dimple. &gt;&gt;You know goddamn well nobody is going to watch a 94 minute video to respond to a reddit comment. Either you can back up your claims or you can't &gt; &gt;I rarely watch videos this long myself, but I think this one is really interesting and worth watching regardless of the debate. &gt; &gt;I can back up my claims, everything is in that video, you can watch it if you're interested, or don't, I really don't care. You are trying to convince me that what Trump did was unprecedented, I KNOW for a fact that it isn't, I'm satisfied. If your claims are that solid then yoy can back them up without a feature length video. &gt;&gt;Nope. You're just lazy. You don't have the will to stand up for anything so you'll just sit back and mock those who do &gt;America thinks you're wrong about Trump, which they will soon prove again. If you don't like Trump you don't like the will of the people and don't like democracy. Call me lazy all you want democracy hater. America isn't a democracy and trump won with a minority vote. Nice try though.
&gt;He said something else that may be interpreted that way, you claiming he meant that is bias. Quoting him verbatim isn't bias. &gt;I said 3 things, the citations for them are spread across this video. I could watch the video again and wait for the specific things I claimed to come up and then take the citation from there, but it's a long video that I already watched. You could watch it, enjoy an incredibly interesting take on history that you don't usually get a chance to hear about, and get the citation for my claims. Or you can keep criticizing me for it and pretend you won this argument. I really don't care. Again, if your claims are that solid then you should be able to cite other sources. &gt;Oh no! American elections aren't fair? Well there is only one solution I can think of, you better vote the unfairness away! You do that and let me know when the problem is solved. You do nothing and let me know when the problem is solved.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge. -Stephen Hawking
I feel personally attacked.
And there are barely any instances of anyone calling themselves Antifa doing that (except for proven nazi actors). So calm down and learn what fascism means.
So we shouldn't protect minorities because they're a minority? Look at the smooth brain on this one. I also notice you chucklefucks only count deaths because you don't want to inflate the numbers with instances of brutality, harrasment, wrongful arrest and profiling. Everyone sees through your shit. Give it up.
Back up that number with a source.
I did look into it. The articles you posted literally states that several of them were killed by police and a couple of them could have been personal. But you want some links? I got links. [Police Domestic Abuse](https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Police-domestic-violence-nearly-twice-average-rate-2536928.php) In the last 9 years US police [raped](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/10/19/us/police-sexual-assaults-maryland-scope/index.html) over 400 people in custody. In 2017 police killed [1000](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/nationwide-police-shot-and-killed-nearly-1000-people-in-2017/2018/01/04/4eed5f34-e4e9-11e7-ab50-621fe0588340_story.html%3foutputType=amp) people in the US. &gt;Police officers are indicted in fewer than 1% of killings, but the indictment rate for civilians involved in a killing is 90%. (FiveThirtyEight) &gt;In 2015, there were 1,307 people who lost their lives at the hands of a police officer or law enforcement official. In 2016, that number was 1,152. Although lower, both years are still higher than the 1,149 people who were killed by police in 2014. (Fatal Encounters/Mapping Police Violence &gt;52% of police officers report that it is not unusual for law enforcement officials to turn a blind eye to the improper conduct of other officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;61% of police officers state that they do not always report serious abuse that has been directly observed by fellow officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;84% of police officers have stated in a recent survey that they have directly witnesses a fellow officer using more force than was necessary. (US Department of Justice) &gt;People who are African-American/Black are twice as likely to be killed by a police officer while being unarmed compared to a Caucasian/White individual. (The Guardian) &gt;1 in 4 people who are killed by law enforcement officials in the United States are unarmed. (Mic) &gt; The second most common form of police misconduct is sexual assault . [This](https://vittana.org/42-shocking-police-brutality-statistics) lists all of the studies those numbers come from. [There](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/health/after-ferguson-black-men-and-boys-still-face-the-highest-risk-of-being-killed-by-police) [Are](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2019/08/police-officer-shootings-gun-violence-racial-bias-crime-data/595528/) [Many](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793.short) [Sources](https://mappingpoliceviolence.org/) [For this](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2016/02/08/black-and-unarmed-behind-the-numbers)I &gt;This isn't debatable, actually look at the facts](https://www.vox.com/identities/2016/8/13/17938186/police-shootings-killings-racism-racial-disparities) &gt;An analysis of the available FBI data by [Dara Lind for Vox](http://www.vox.com/2014/8/21/6051043/how-many-people-killed-police-statistics-homicide-official-black) found that US police kill black people at disproportionate rates: Black people accounted for 31 percent of police killing victims in 2012, even though they made up just 13 percent of the US population. &gt;The disparities appear to be even starker for unarmed suspects, according to an analysis of 2015 police killings by the [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/01/black-americans-killed-by-police-analysis). Racial minorities made up about 37.4 percent of the general population in the US and 46.6 percent of armed and unarmed victims, but they made up 62.7 percent of unarmed people killed by police. &gt;These disparities in police use of force reflect more widespread racial inequities across the entire American criminal justice system. Black people are much more likely to be [arrested for drugs](http://www.vox.com/cards/war-on-drugs-marijuana-cocaine-heroin-meth/war-on-drugs-effect), even though they’re not more likely to [use](http://www.vox.com/2014/7/27/5940783/prohibition-marijuana-legalization-pot-weed-racism-new-york-times) or [sell](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2871399/) them. And black inmates make up a disproportionate amount of the [prison population](http://www.vox.com/cards/everything-prisons-reform-incarceration-criminal-justice/what-are-the-demographics-of-the-prison-population). [Another study](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0141854) &gt;from 2015, by researcher Cody Ross found, “There is no relationship between county-level racial bias in police shootings and crime rates (even race-specific crime rates), meaning that the racial bias observed in police shootings in this data set is not explainable as a response to local-level crime rates.” That suggests that, again, other factors are involved in the disparities seen for these shootings. What does it mean when people say that all cops are bastards (ACAB)? &gt; &gt;If it were an individual thing, you'd give them the benefit of the doubt, but it isn't; it's an institutional thing. the job itself is a bastard, therefore by carrying out the job, they are bastards. To take it to an extreme: there were no good members of the gestapo because there was no way to carry out the directives of the gestapo and to be a good person. it is the same with the american police state. [Police do not exist to protect and serve, according to the US supreme court itself,](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html) but to dominate, control, and terrorize in order to maintain the interests of state and capital. &gt; &gt;Who are the good cops then? The ones who either quit or are fired for refusing to do the job. &gt; &gt;While the following list focuses on the US as a model police state, ALL cops in ALL countries are derivative from very similar violent traditions of modern policing, rooted in old totalitarian regimes, genocides, and slavery, if not the mere maintenance of authoritarian power structures through terrorism. &gt; &gt; - [police shoot people twice as often as previously thought.](https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/xwvv3a/shot-by-cops) Keep in mind that this was self-reported, so we have no way of knowing if these numbers speak to the actual number of shootings in the US. Many of these people are completely unarmed. Police kill far, *far* more people than terrorists in the US and have killed over a hundred people more than mass shooters did in 2019 *that we are aware of.* Mass shooters are easily tracked. Police killings are not. [1](https://www.theroot.com/here-s-how-many-people-police-killed-in-2019-we-think-1841183889) [2](https://www.fbi.gov/file-repository/active-shooter-incidents-in-the-us-2019-042820.pdf/view) &gt; &gt; - [And if they don't shoot you, they might just airstrike your block and burn your children alive.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/may/10/move-1985-bombing-reconciliation-philadelphia) &gt; &gt; - [They also shoot one dog every hour, every day.](https://archive.is/UtPiG) At the absolute least. &gt; &gt; - Once you're in jail, be prepared to sit there for weeks -or months or *years*. [It's so bad that people constantly plead guilty just so they can get out.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/innocent-man-pleaded-guilty-drug-charge-get-out-jail-it-n1067321) It's so bad and so common, in fact, that [over a third of all exonerations come after an individual has pleaded guilty.](https://www.law.umich.edu/special/exoneration/Documents/Exonerations%20in%202018.pdf) So much for the right to a speedy trial, huh? &gt; &gt; - And getting arrested is easy - tens of thousands of people yearly, in fact, thanks to lowest bidder garbage that police departments use in order to test for illicit substances. Field drug tests are about as reliable as lie detector tests or horoscopes. They just don't work. [They just don't.](https://www.propublica.org/article/common-roadside-drug-test-routinely-produces-false-positives) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe if you just follow directions? [Yeah, no.](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/12/graphic-video-shows-police-killing-of-unarmed-man-in-arizona.html) And if they don't just outright kill you, they could make their instructions [so arcane and hard to follow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OflGwyWcft8) that they'll kill you for not following them, and they'll usually get away with it. He got away with it, [by the way.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/arizona-police-shooting-killed-man-crawling-floor-killed-a8100326.html) Surprise! &gt; &gt; - [They'll prosecute you for even *knowing about* crimes cops have committed.](https://boingboing.net/2019/02/26/list-of-thousands-of-criminal.html) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe in your home? lmao nah. Not even your 7 year old is safe from getting her brains blown out. check out [this horrifying megapost on no-knock raids](https://archive.is/quFI4) &gt; &gt; - [Being a taxi driver is literally more dangerous than being a cop.](https://thinkprogress.org/how-dangerous-is-it-to-be-a-cop-heres-what-the-data-says-c07f6a58d8fc/) &gt; &gt; - [cops are more of a danger to themselves than anyone else is to them](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/04/11/officers-firefighters-suicides-study/503735002/) &gt; &gt; - [they've *admitted to* stealing as much -or recently *more*- than burglars through "asset forfeiture," and the rate of their thefts has been climbing yearly.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/11/23/cops-took-more-stuff-from-people-than-burglars-did-last-year/) Keep in mind, these numbers only articulate what's been reported. It's probable that they've stolen far more than just this. &gt; &gt; - [police are literally allowed to rape people on the job in 35 states,](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/albertsamaha/this-teenager-accused-two-on-duty-cops-of-rape-she-had-no) as they have the power to determine whether or not you consented to sex with them while in their custody. &gt;
There you go. Do the same thing all you chucklefucks do when faced with facts. Shut down and start name calling. You're definitely about 14
&gt;I didn't say they are all fascists. I said the movement is fascist in that it suppresses free speech with violence. In 2018 white supremacists killed 50+ Americans, police killed over 1000 and Antifa killed none. Also, stop pretending that hate speech is a valid thought process that deserves respect. You should read about the paradox of tolerance. &gt;Also I was responding to the person saying "There's barely any instances of anyone calling themselves Antifa while doing that"... I mean yeah they don't say it while they are doing it, they are just in the big mob of people with Antifa signs and dressed like that. So any time anyone commits violence at a protest it's automatically Antifa. &gt;If you had a bunch of people in nazi signs and the dude without one is there bashing someones head in, you gonna say "Oh he's not a nazi though" This is an irrelevant false equivalent.
He definitely did an interview where he said he dehydrated for The Witcher. It was for the bath scene.
It's just an expletive like saying fuck or shit. For some reason a lot of non jamaicans seem to think it's a greeting or something. Source: I'm a white guy who grew up in a Jamaican neighborhood.
No it isn't. One is Elisa Ritter. I'm just not sure which one.
Nope. They just happen to be almost identical. Even married the same man.
There is nothing manlier than fucking another man.
Almost nothing in this comment makes sense. This is the type of mindless lazy centrism that got us into this mess. You should also learn what words likr communism mean before you try to use them.
You couldn't even get through a single critique of the right without including "radical left" and communism. There is no radical left and nobody is pushing communism.
So you have no idea what communism is or why these protests need to happen? Got it. You coulda just said that at the beginning.
Again, none of this has anything to do with communism.
You're definitely about 14 right?
&gt;https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jxU8uvlg1K4 &gt;raz meeting with fire department. Nothing in this video supports your statements. &gt;https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AeAOJ_VqK2U &gt;here he is patrolling the AZ with an AR. Nothing in this video supports your statements. &gt;https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=X3GHjC6J7dM &gt;Here he is laying down the law. A seconds long clip with zero context. &gt;https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=29KyxtHElBI Random words of a random person. Also, nothing in this video supports your statements. Nice try though.
Obama didn't increase drone strikes. He was literally the first president with access to the Drone program. It was in it's infancy during Bush's last year. There is also countless pieces of hard evidence against Tara Reade. Have you ever said anything on Reddit that's actually true?
Name three beneficial things trump has done.
&gt;1. The economy, record employment numbers for African Americans, lowest in the history of of this country. [Why Trump isn't responsible for black unemployment](https://apnews.com/f78f4205f474482db8bb8fa7a5ebfa27) [Why Trump didn't make this economy](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/606115/) &gt;2. HBCU funding permanent (https://www.insidehighered.com/quicktakes/2019/12/06/senate-passes-hbcu-funding-fafsa-changes) , A move that had little to do with Trump and was only signed by him as a pr move to distract from Betsy Devos pillaging the current education system and fucking over students. &gt;3. He's tough on China, and has pushed for the recognization of Taiwan and Hong Kong. "I have a very good relationship with President Xi. I have great respect for him and consider him a friend. It's unfortunate that the coronavirus got out of control. "President Xi and I will always be friends" [Trump cuts ties with Hong Kong](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/05/29/us/politics/trump-hong-kong-china-WHO.amp.html) Sounds very tough indeed.
So mentally ill people that might not realize the gravity of the situation should be executed? Are you insane or a child?
&gt;I mean even when you agree that he did something good you question his motives. So when can you ever give the man credit? When he actually does something good and displays leadershio. &gt;About the corona virus, I mean short of electing Bernie it would have been worse with Biden implying that Trumps ban on flights from China was xenophobi and racist. And usually people say “it wasn’t a total ban!”... yes that’s right he let in Americans but banned 99.9% flights from China. [Biden literally never said that](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/04/03/politics/joe-biden-trump-china-coronavirus/index.html) And 40 other countries instituted bans before Trump. See what I mean about nothing you say being true?
Dude, why do you come to this sub if all you do is bootlick?
[Police Domestic Abuse](https://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Police-domestic-violence-nearly-twice-average-rate-2536928.php) In the last 9 years US police [raped](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2018/10/19/us/police-sexual-assaults-maryland-scope/index.html) over 400 people in custody. In 2017 police killed [1000](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/nationwide-police-shot-and-killed-nearly-1000-people-in-2017/2018/01/04/4eed5f34-e4e9-11e7-ab50-621fe0588340_story.html%3foutputType=amp) people in the US. &gt;Police officers are indicted in fewer than 1% of killings, but the indictment rate for civilians involved in a killing is 90%. (FiveThirtyEight) &gt;In 2015, there were 1,307 people who lost their lives at the hands of a police officer or law enforcement official. In 2016, that number was 1,152. Although lower, both years are still higher than the 1,149 people who were killed by police in 2014. (Fatal Encounters/Mapping Police Violence &gt;52% of police officers report that it is not unusual for law enforcement officials to turn a blind eye to the improper conduct of other officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;61% of police officers state that they do not always report serious abuse that has been directly observed by fellow officers. (US Department of Justice) &gt;84% of police officers have stated in a recent survey that they have directly witnesses a fellow officer using more force than was necessary. (US Department of Justice) &gt;People who are African-American/Black are twice as likely to be killed by a police officer while being unarmed compared to a Caucasian/White individual. (The Guardian) &gt;1 in 4 people who are killed by law enforcement officials in the United States are unarmed. (Mic) &gt; The second most common form of police misconduct is sexual assault . [This](https://vittana.org/42-shocking-police-brutality-statistics) lists all of the studies those numbers come from. [There](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/health/after-ferguson-black-men-and-boys-still-face-the-highest-risk-of-being-killed-by-police) [Are](https://www.citylab.com/equity/2019/08/police-officer-shootings-gun-violence-racial-bias-crime-data/595528/) [Many](https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793.short) [Sources](https://mappingpoliceviolence.org/) [For this](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2016/02/08/black-and-unarmed-behind-the-numbers)I &gt;This isn't debatable, actually look at the facts](https://www.vox.com/identities/2016/8/13/17938186/police-shootings-killings-racism-racial-disparities) &gt;An analysis of the available FBI data by [Dara Lind for Vox](http://www.vox.com/2014/8/21/6051043/how-many-people-killed-police-statistics-homicide-official-black) found that US police kill black people at disproportionate rates: Black people accounted for 31 percent of police killing victims in 2012, even though they made up just 13 percent of the US population. &gt;The disparities appear to be even starker for unarmed suspects, according to an analysis of 2015 police killings by the [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/01/black-americans-killed-by-police-analysis). Racial minorities made up about 37.4 percent of the general population in the US and 46.6 percent of armed and unarmed victims, but they made up 62.7 percent of unarmed people killed by police. &gt;These disparities in police use of force reflect more widespread racial inequities across the entire American criminal justice system. Black people are much more likely to be [arrested for drugs](http://www.vox.com/cards/war-on-drugs-marijuana-cocaine-heroin-meth/war-on-drugs-effect), even though they’re not more likely to [use](http://www.vox.com/2014/7/27/5940783/prohibition-marijuana-legalization-pot-weed-racism-new-york-times) or [sell](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2871399/) them. And black inmates make up a disproportionate amount of the [prison population](http://www.vox.com/cards/everything-prisons-reform-incarceration-criminal-justice/what-are-the-demographics-of-the-prison-population). [Another study](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0141854) &gt;from 2015, by researcher Cody Ross found, “There is no relationship between county-level racial bias in police shootings and crime rates (even race-specific crime rates), meaning that the racial bias observed in police shootings in this data set is not explainable as a response to local-level crime rates.” That suggests that, again, other factors are involved in the disparities seen for these shootings. What does it mean when people say that all cops are bastards (ACAB)? &gt; &gt;If it were an individual thing, you'd give them the benefit of the doubt, but it isn't; it's an institutional thing. the job itself is a bastard, therefore by carrying out the job, they are bastards. To take it to an extreme: there were no good members of the gestapo because there was no way to carry out the directives of the gestapo and to be a good person. it is the same with the american police state. [Police do not exist to protect and serve, according to the US supreme court itself,](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html) but to dominate, control, and terrorize in order to maintain the interests of state and capital. &gt; &gt;Who are the good cops then? The ones who either quit or are fired for refusing to do the job. &gt; &gt;While the following list focuses on the US as a model police state, ALL cops in ALL countries are derivative from very similar violent traditions of modern policing, rooted in old totalitarian regimes, genocides, and slavery, if not the mere maintenance of authoritarian power structures through terrorism. &gt; &gt; - [police shoot people twice as often as previously thought.](https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/xwvv3a/shot-by-cops) Keep in mind that this was self-reported, so we have no way of knowing if these numbers speak to the actual number of shootings in the US. Many of these people are completely unarmed. Police kill far, *far* more people than terrorists in the US and have killed over a hundred people more than mass shooters did in 2019 *that we are aware of.* Mass shooters are easily tracked. Police killings are not. [1](https://www.theroot.com/here-s-how-many-people-police-killed-in-2019-we-think-1841183889) [2](https://www.fbi.gov/file-repository/active-shooter-incidents-in-the-us-2019-042820.pdf/view) &gt; &gt; - [And if they don't shoot you, they might just airstrike your block and burn your children alive.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/may/10/move-1985-bombing-reconciliation-philadelphia) &gt; &gt; - [They also shoot one dog every hour, every day.](https://archive.is/UtPiG) At the absolute least. &gt; &gt; - Once you're in jail, be prepared to sit there for weeks -or months or *years*. [It's so bad that people constantly plead guilty just so they can get out.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/innocent-man-pleaded-guilty-drug-charge-get-out-jail-it-n1067321) It's so bad and so common, in fact, that [over a third of all exonerations come after an individual has pleaded guilty.](https://www.law.umich.edu/special/exoneration/Documents/Exonerations%20in%202018.pdf) So much for the right to a speedy trial, huh? &gt; &gt; - And getting arrested is easy - tens of thousands of people yearly, in fact, thanks to lowest bidder garbage that police departments use in order to test for illicit substances. Field drug tests are about as reliable as lie detector tests or horoscopes. They just don't work. [They just don't.](https://www.propublica.org/article/common-roadside-drug-test-routinely-produces-false-positives) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe if you just follow directions? [Yeah, no.](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2017/12/graphic-video-shows-police-killing-of-unarmed-man-in-arizona.html) And if they don't just outright kill you, they could make their instructions [so arcane and hard to follow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OflGwyWcft8) that they'll kill you for not following them, and they'll usually get away with it. He got away with it, [by the way.](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/arizona-police-shooting-killed-man-crawling-floor-killed-a8100326.html) Surprise! &gt; &gt; - [They'll prosecute you for even *knowing about* crimes cops have committed.](https://boingboing.net/2019/02/26/list-of-thousands-of-criminal.html) &gt; &gt; - Think you're safe in your home? lmao nah. Not even your 7 year old is safe from getting her brains blown out. check out [this horrifying megapost on no-knock raids](https://archive.is/quFI4) &gt; &gt; - [Being a taxi driver is literally more dangerous than being a cop.](https://thinkprogress.org/how-dangerous-is-it-to-be-a-cop-heres-what-the-data-says-c07f6a58d8fc/) &gt; &gt; - [cops are more of a danger to themselves than anyone else is to them](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2018/04/11/officers-firefighters-suicides-study/503735002/) &gt; &gt; - [they've *admitted to* stealing as much -or recently *more*- than burglars through "asset forfeiture," and the rate of their thefts has been climbing yearly.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/11/23/cops-took-more-stuff-from-people-than-burglars-did-last-year/) Keep in mind, these numbers only articulate what's been reported. It's probable that they've stolen far more than just this. &gt; &gt; - [police are literally allowed to rape people on the job in 35 states,](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/albertsamaha/this-teenager-accused-two-on-duty-cops-of-rape-she-had-no) as they have the power to determine whether or not you consented to sex with them while in their custody. &gt;
The first half is mine and the second is copied. I already had it written out because I've responded to plenty of people just like you. But the first sign that someone is in over their head is to attack the source and not the info.
[Buzzfeed staff finalists for Pulitzer 2 years in a row](https://www.pulitzer.org/finalists/staff-buzzfeed-news) [A list of awards Buzzfeed has won](https://awards.journalists.org/organizations/buzzfeed/) If you can prove anything from my post to be false I will donate $200 to any charity of your choice and post proof. Im waiting kid.
Look at yourself right now. You were just presented with dozens of links ( most of which were to the direct studies) and instead of attempting a single one you made excuses and dismissed it. You'd rather stay uninformed than be proven wrong. That makes you a coward and is exactly how I know you're a child.
It's been 15 hours. If you had the ability to disprove any of it you would have. No the question is if you'll act like an adult and own up to it. Or continue to be a child.
Dude, Im a college graduate with two degrees. You're in highschool at best. Don't try to teach me about research
No it doesn't, not for a reddit comment. Literally all you have to do is fact check the studies I have already given you. You're stalling because you can't and you won't admit you're wrong.
Maybe because of his long history of racist statements and actions?
Show me the actual details and how they will make a difference. I'll wait.
You really don't see the difference between protesting murder and going tonan unnecessary political rally?
Name a single person who isn't allowed to worship.
Been almost 48 hours. Wanna just admit you have nothing and move on? Or will you continue to prove you're a child?
Being "tough on crime" has repeatedly been proven throughout history to increase crime.
How about him literally saying that the oppression of women was due to the inability to regulate menstration? Or that women were designed solely for child care and the pursuit of feminism makes men become fascist?
Dude, in one comment you Asked me to prove he said that, Decided I interpreted it wrong, And then decided he was right anyway. You've clearly already formed your narrative and are only willing to do whatever you need to affirm it. This isn't a good faith debate and I'm out. Have a good one.
New news that doesn't change anything?
Post video evidence of your experiment disproving physics and a Ill send you $200 right now.
How are they being denied the right to worship?
Your reaction to someone who did nothing but share knowledge with you is a huge indication of your own ignorance.
Show me where either of those things were done. I'll wait
So you can't actually back up your own words then? Got it. Have a good one.
Everyone acknowledged Tara Reade. And then everyone saw the massive pile of evidence against her.
Let’s start off with the article Tara Reade herself wrote in 2009 praising her boss Joe Biden for sponsoring the Violence Against Women Act. It’s just one of dozens of postings she made praising Joe Biden prior to 2019: https://archive.li/6ykxK Then there is the fact that Time’s Up Legal Defense Fund referred Reade to multiple attorneys at its partner firm, the National Women's Law Center. They unanimously declined to work with her, because, as they expressed it, she was requesting PR assistance rather than legal representation: https://www.salon.com/2020/03/31/a-woman-accuses-joe-biden-of-sexual-assault-and-all-hell-breaks-loose-online-heres-what-we-know/ Then there are the heaps upon heaps of Reade’s own online postings and documented contradictions in her multiple and ever-changing stories: .https://medium.com/@eddiekrassenstein/evidence-casts-doubt-on-tara-reades-sexual-assault-allegations-of-joe-biden-e4cb3ee38460 After extensive interviews with Tara Reade, The New Yorker’s Ronan Farrow and the New York Times’s Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey — all of whom won Pulitzer Prizes for their meticulous coverage of the 2017 Harvey Weinstein investigation — refused to report on her story, because there were too many inconsistencies and claims which could not be substantiated. Next, there is her former employer, who says she has papers and emails to prove Tara Reade stole from her charity: https://medium.com/@eddiekrassenstein/biden-accuser-tara-reade-allegedly-stole-from-a-non-profit-organization-e276cac68a2b Next, we have Reade claiming initially that Biden simply made her uncomfortable by touching her shoulders. She later changed her claim, stating he had complimented her legs. Finally, she upped the ante IMMEDIATELY AFTER BIDEN WAS NAMED THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE, claiming he JAMMED HIS FINGERS INTO HER IN THE SENATE HALLWAY. Lastly, in 2018, Reade had been writing multiple gushing posts praising Vladimir Putin, some of which were actually written in Russian.
People in far right subs constantly using slurs and degrading people over race, religion, and sexual orientation is absolutely hate speech and isn't found in the left subs. Grow up edgelord.
It's statistically proven that black people are overly policed and arrested. Black people are imprisoned for crimes that white people aren't. But don't worry, your argument of " BuT lIsTeN tO tHiS oNe GuY" while ignoring everyone else is super effective.
The fact that you had that one source was literally your entire argument. You thought it was your gotcha moment. You literally used the "I have a black friend" defense and you think it worked. Are you a troll or a child?
&gt;Yeah but far leftist subs contain actual calls for violence and “Revolution” against upper classes, things that constitutionally go against freedom of speech. First off, neither one of those things goes against freedom of speech. Secondly, calls for violence are always punished and dealt with in left subs. &gt;The pure concept of “hate speech” goes again the concept of freedom of speech. Guess you weren’t raised right, “sticks and stones can break my bones ...” ever heard that before or nah? You clearly don't know what the constitution says about free speech. You don't seem to understand *any* of the terms you're using. How typical.
None of that changes anything. Hate speech exists. You are absolutely allowed to use it, but any privately owned organization can either eliminate the content or cut ties with you for it. Free speech only means you can't be arrested for it. Nice try though, maybe next time try reading a wiki before you link to it.
Nah, the crux of your argument was "I found a single black guy who agrees with me so I can justify my own argument." You provided zero statistics or actual sources. Just an op ed by a random person. Now you're so desperate to dig yourself out that you're searching my post history. This went from funny to sad really quickly.
&gt;1.Police are not military grade, so that’s already just blatantly wrong. Police in the US literally get military equipment for free. &gt;2. Op tried to talk it out, they acted like children. Op intentionally escalated the situation and from the story seems to be purposefully painting himself as the hero. &gt;3. That’s actually what the police are for, to enforce the law and keep the peace, which is what they were called for, not to attack or kill them. And yet they attack and kill people all the time. &gt;4. You can’t seriously act like if the police did something violent then it would be op’s fault. Yes it would. OP would be responsible for knowingly putting them in a dangerous situation.
So you have literally nothing to go on and arbitrarily picked a side? Got it.
&gt;Because there is no counter to someone who doesn’t know what they’re talking about “police in the US literally get military equipment for free” really? The military doesn’t get that stuff for free so how would the police? And what “military equipment are you referring to? Tanks, fighter jets? No they don’t, the most they have is some armored cars [Unlike you, I backup my claims with sources.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.marketplace.org/2020/06/12/police-departments-1033-military-equipment-weapons/amp)
Where did I pick a side? I just pointed out that nobody knows the situation and the statment "You can tell by how they respond that they definitely were the problem. " is absolute nonsense.
How is randomly accusing someone optimism?
So you didn't read it? Here I'll help &gt;That’s right. It’s a transfer, so that means that the agencies don’t have to pay for this equipment. So because the government has already possessed it, paid for it, it’s the Department of Defense’s property. So this is a way for them to transfer excess material, excess equipment, excess vehicles that are outdated, maybe they procured too much of it — on to local and state authorities. Studies have shown that, on average, a county receives about $58,000 per year of equipment, and an agency on average can receive about $48,000 of equipment.
I claimed the police get it for free. Then you challenged me and I proved it. You can backpedal and argue semantics all you want but you are clearly wrong.
Somebody else pays for it and the police get it for free. Come on dude this is getting sad.
The police don't spend a dime of their budget for it. They get it for free. Im not being a stickler, you're just too much of a child to admit you were wrong.
Aaaaand back to petty insults. I'm done here, you're obviously about 14. Have a good one.
You are an absolute moron if you think trump is at *all* anti establishment. He is as racist elite as it gets.
Out of curiosity. Did you complain about all of the straight romance in tv shows before? Romance is part of the human experience.
Any believable long term story about sentient beings has to eventually have romance to be realistic. Otherwise it's just 2 dimensional characters doing two dimensional things. Do you not like when people eat on tv if it isn't a plot point?
So you have no idea how storytelling works? Got it. Have a good one.
Sure no evidence. Except for the clearly laid out and executed southern strategy, the clear shift of republicans to opposing civil rights, and the open confessions of elite republicans. No evidence at all.
Nah, he just held a man down while his buddy knelt on his neck for 9 minutes. Totally innocent!
His job is to evaluate and deescalate the situation. Not assist in a murder because he doesn't want to keep his coworker in check.
Good job celebrating people getting away with murder. How's that boot taste?
We just had the exact same experience.
Show a single example of this.
In 54 and 58 as well.
A lot of vr goggles have front facing cameras so yoy can switch to seeing your surroundings without having to take off the goggles. She might just me taking pictures of those around her
The fact that this dude is going strong and Jenna Marbles quit YouTube is fucking absurd.
She announced it this week. Over a couple of old videos that weren't even worth it. It sucks.
