Did a max block glad with Harold in 6l. Crit Minotaur was hard. Except that I pretty much ignored all map mods, did whole main content. Uber elder, delves, etc. My future build must have lots of life+mana on hit. and 6 link herald of agony at 40 stacks. Maybe I can do a tanky Necro this time?
Where is Farage to save them from this mess?
Farage and news media should foot the bill for all this mess. Unfortunately, people don't like immigrants coming in their country seeking better life, better paid low jobs. They still live in the days of British Empire when it was ok to enslave other dirt-tech countries for resources. I'm sorry for the young generations, but half the old farts Brits deserve this. They *WANTED* it.
What sane person would pick up the piece of shit that Brexit is.
And taking it further, politicians are about the money, not the good of anyone. Only, in case of Brexit, I can't for the life of me understand what's in for Torries. Did banks pay them to let them leave London for somewhere in France or Germany? Is Putin's leverage really that rich?
Appreciated, indeed, but still sucks. The way armor works makes it feel unrewarding, still. Loreweave/Belly/Kaoms still better.
Well, the way game works atm, including the nerfs to aoe, casters are like melee builds too. It is expected that monsters will be in your face.
I'm laughing, but I should cry. \#BroHug
Remember to save first.
Until you get to harder bosses and totems die before they do damage. Traps do full damage no matter what. Self casting is a liability.
&gt; In every piece of prose, lies a tiny spark of magic. gotchu
Stupid smartphones!
You can't go wrong if you go on the right way.
Except when you build too tanky and you have no damage to beat the timers. Or anything.
Why.. don't we run the beast to Einhart?
I'm pretty sure he did all the work.
Or Phone Go.
MFW When Indie game company works harder than certain Diablo for Mobile Company to please it's customers more and more.
Nobody notices we keep siding with the weirdos and creeps that we help grow powerful and end up corrupted.
And this is why we will make builds that can tank the slams. Gave up on witch to make a jugg. I'm having a blast while leveling. Late game i can chose between tect slam, conc path or MS ( +crawler). LGOH ftw.
Veiled items are good for unlocking crafts. I rerolled into a jugg and I'm having a blast going mano-a-mano with them. 1.2k hp with 4 end charges in act 3 is pretty bonkers. These guys are stronger than act bosses, no joke.
TBH when you are forced to present a shit show, you will kinda botch the lines. Some people are just not good at it.
Si cu ce deschizi mai multe case? cu roboti?
Ai tu incredere in roamani sa scaneze?
Probably true. but I have more fun doing it on my jugg than I had on caster. I actually craft ele dmg and weapon dmg on everything I can. Much better than squeezing another gem level on wands or another socket link.
Sunt foarte bine acum, multumesc. Ai vazut ca a dat drumul la Home Alone la TV?
&gt; I get that. Nu, nu prea. Pur si simplu nu sunt oameni care sa stea la case/rafturi pe *bani putini* si inclusinv weekend si sarbatori (mai ales weekend si sarbatori) pana seara la 9-10-12 sau cand inchide respectivul. Ca si la metrou sau semafor. cand toti intra/ies o data, se blocheaza naibii tot. Zic unii ca acum sunt self-cash-out pe la carrefour, nu stiu. Am vazut la Auchan Taberei ceva genul dar era tot aglomerat. Nu e vorba da 'chef', Pur si simplu sunt conditiile ca naiba. si stii cum e romanul, munceste cat este platit/tratat. Ia baga 2500 + sporuri de sarbatori/weekend ca sa vezi cum creste 'cheful'.
Casa
Pai avem. Dar sunt invatati cu furtul. Munca cinstita e bataie de joc. Dispret din toate partile.
Use the tax money much better? Less corruption? less theft/lobbying for rich corps? Stop gouging us with taxes for anything and everything? cigars, gas, profits, income, everything we buy? Damned if we pay taxes, damned if we don't.
Si nici nu platesc taxe. (:
I ran into a ghosted Janus while leveling. Normal mobs are one shot status. He is Unkillable.
But then why do you want it completed? it will hog your map drops.
Difference is, in Delve depth 6k you have all the warnings that you're not in Kansas anymore. One shotting mobs while leveling then dieing to a Betrayal combo that didn't even know what it did, it's jarring. And I'm speaking as Juggernaut with 8 end charges and capped res. I stopped doing the research lab myself too. but it's pushing me away from playing the game because I'm too old for this shit. It's like 12th league for me. &gt; just avoid the content 'cause it's not worth it how many more times, dear exiles?
We used to have the defense too, but GGG nerfed, because players basically just tanked up and did the ultimate content on minimal investment. sure the DPS was slower, but tit didn't matter if you did Shaper deathless.
The fight has issues with pointing the mechanics, sure, like the immunity phase. But people write too much bullshit on how much they hate this and that. Look at the guy who changed from "Betrayal is fine, git gud" to "betrayal is definitely not fine, the essay". between work and real life stuff, I'm staying out of this league. but damn, we know no chill.
E realist. Ne e mila, dar ne e foame si friptura este f buna.
Nu, dar am vazut o data un miel fara blana care astepta in balcon sa fie transat. Radem de chinezi ca-si mananca cainii, dar uite ce facem noi cu mieii. Nici carnea nu mi se pare asa buna.
Cu 3 reply-uri esti parte din ea.
Exact. Economia a crescut, dar doar pentru unii. Invatamantul e subventionat, medicina la fel. Ne doare fix la piscot de incalzire globala si plastice. Facem referendum pe motive de "familie traditionala" si Catedrala Neamului ca sa ...ce? Pentru spitalul de arsi nu s-a gasit. Muie.
Tinfoil hat: Firea vrea sa candideze separat de PSD si Dragnea. Asa ca se aliaza cu Biserica prin construirea unei Catedrale. Mita electorala.
Invest in their stock or buy their game?
Marry her again, duh.
&gt; you were playing a game on your tab around a month ago." &gt; It was pub g and I played for like 30 mins. Holy fucking shiiit. It's weird how some people think the only fun in your life must be with them. Also think all your money are "ours".
&gt; life got busy and I stopped You are married with a needy wife. working your ass off. 30 minutes with PUBG to see what the fuss it's about is all you can afford.
Let's say I agree with you, but how many builds can you gear-fit with over 7k hp, 60+% c res, phys mitigation (end charges, arctic armour) and decent dps to do content fast and reliable? (incursion, uber elder, delves, betrayal labs) But OK, nobody likes MF gear in T16.
I got a decent workload at my job. Much more satisfying to do that than get wtf pwned by overtuned traitors. Great league hype. Welcome to new players from Diablo. See ya when game is out of beta. I just can't get myself to deal with the lack of balance every league. By the time GGG has the numbers, league is over, hello new league hype.
Does this, a lot of specs, include trying to level a ed-cont witch againt tons of hp, damage AND chaos resistance? I mean, just avoid it, right?
I've put quite some time in Delve myself, but first 2 weeks where twilight mindblowing bad. Delves where: alt averse, hardcore unfriendly, unrewarding af, bosses super rare. Betrayal shows same shortcomings now. Nobody fucking listened to testers feedback. They balance with "and then we doubled it" types of damage. Sure there is so much QoL and old content packed into one, but everyone is fucking arc traps and avoiding Betrayal. (Arc+Balde vortex = 37% of players) Last night I uninstalled everything and started some python tutorials. fuck this shit.
I deleted my ed-cont witch because she had no chance vs traitors with tons of HP, damage AND free chaos resistance. At level 25ish. Made a jugg with free end charges, capped res and decent hp. Still dies sometimes. It definitely forces some builds out of existence. Most players simply ignore the betrayal encounters and go for fastest currency farmers. I'll ignore the game, because I'm tired of this.
Nice. Noted and appreciated.
They are already working on 4.0
Adev e ca daca esti inselat sugi pula ca nu e nimic de partea ta. Barbat sau femeie. A fost si o sa fie asa cat timp or sa aibe maimutele coada. Poti sa gasesti metode 'legale' dar trebuie sa fii creativ si calculat. Exact cand simti ca te ia mama naibii
Why aren't you out yet? Oh. You want *deals*
Poti sa fii mintit si inselat fara probleme. Nu ai nici un drept la corectitudine.
Atat timp cat hotia si coruptia e sport national de la cersetor la director de multinationala, poti sa sa-i zici cum vrei. Tot cei pusi pe furt si capatuit or sa fie mai motivati sa ajunga sus sus si sa-si bage pula in toate. Pe foaie, si comunismul e bun. Uite doar cum il baga pe ala la inchisoare 2 ani ca a intrat pe FB fostei. Si Mark de la FB vinde datele utilizatorilor cum vrea muschiul lui. Toti vor bani. Si presedintele, si spalatoreasa.
He is making more enemies than friends. What genius is that? His only "allies" are russian mafia, SA and China? All this mess with Brexit and Trump will come and bite Russia even more. Nobody will like them.
Until USA and EU will find a common enemy in Russia.
Why would they? Imagine you are american citizen and you read how an european blames America for 'not caring' when Russia takes over some land on the other side of the globe (almost). shockedPickachuMeme.jpg
Europe is made of bunch of countries that don't **really** want to work together. Except we play the blaming game very well. We like independence, liberty and freedom; but we have no defense or unity.
Ignoring spam bots is like putting fingers in your ears after being jump scared.
There are many more elemental damage sources in rings, belts, quivers, gloves, jewels, unique items, skill nodes; than pure phys.
&gt; forta de munca &gt; spor negativ Poate ca daca le-ar da mai mult timp sa isi gaseasca sot/sotie + sa faca copii... In schimb populeaza cu imigranti. \#thinking
&gt; se concentreaza mai mult pe cariera se "**concentreaza**" pentru ca sunt si ei sclavi ai capitalismului si *profiturilor*. "cariera" e mai mult cati ani poti sa rezisti intr-un singur loc.
Omu' nu stie sa ia pauza. si intreaba de ce e obosit. plm Cinste lui ca si-a propus si se tine de toate (munca, sport, mancat sanatos); dar daca organismul zice ca e obosit, nu te mai uita pe facebook sau la vecini ca vai ce energici sunt. Ia si dormi, sefu'. face bine la energie
&gt; How in holy fuck is that going on in a first world country? Free will and freedom of choice goes both ways.
&gt; could cure cancer, poverty, crime and help bring on world peace thoughts and prayers for all those suffering. /s
This is how being with toxic people looks like. You have to learn to love yourself first, to be strong.
Are those gains real of they go *poof* in 2 months?
If you're not *fine* after someone left you, going to their birthday to act 'fine' won't work.
&gt; a major oversight You mean, not intended? /s
not sure if sarcasm, or.. -_-
I'm getting "pride and accomplishment vibes" from this. but it's not from EA so it's cool. The more grind there is the better. I mean, &gt; now it has real value &gt; Earn your hideout. &gt; something tangible to work towards what? do you not have jobs?
Love that argument. They should have named it &gt; Live Beta Test but LBT doesn't roll well.
It's a bait to make you buy more chests. But it's also free, so why complain about the gift? complain about the rng. Some dude gets cloak/portal. others get hideout mtx or gloves. lol
Except, with good planning and team, you can achieve everything in a week. How deep was your Delve? When did you first mirror drop? good luck with your *yearly* PoE goals.
I'll reach China before I get a creative counter point. &gt; literally GRINDing Gear Games I get that every year. Together with &gt; why is the RNG so heavy in muh challenjours threads, every league.
I did my fair share of grind. but din't do crazy stuff like 100 Atziris, or Leo to 8. I find it just **TOO** pointless. And now that I have a better job, I have a REAL reason to work better and harder, than for hideout decos. People love their skinner box I guess.
Funnier fact: free games.
1,2 TB total. just how old is that phone?
100 G/ month on a phone? dude? maybe if he watches HD movies.
That's why he is still alive. he is recording. Off tape she would smack him, then act up like a victim.
the necklace threw me off. is it an obscure meme I missed, or just random?
Delve League I had like 70+ ex to my name. Most of it came from Watcher's Eyes. Ex drops are just tame, now.
Anything that can one shot you, say crit modded Minotaur. e: and heavy degen, like bleed, shaper laser etc.
Funny 👌 Wake me up when Trump pays back any of his loans, or pays proper respect to people who died for Great America, many of other illegal things he does, or just like, stops tweeting like teenager and signs bibles.
Trump declared national emergency for an arms shipment to Saudi to bypass congress. America is destroying itself. And your future generations are dying before they get a chance to see/make things right. Maybe it's because you built a country on top of indian burial grounds?
Also, stop destroying people's lives for profit.
Nu-i mai zicem scrima?
we like to blame them, but America is big and divided by racism, debt, hate and mental issues. Everyone waits on somebody else to do the dirty work. Everybody is scared shitless too because everyone has guns there. You get killed for nothing. Only kind of 'protest' you are going to see is people going mental and killing innocents.
Ma intreb ce zice si omul asta cand i se explica ca a dat mana cu liderii celui mai corupt partid din Romania. Slugi ale detinutului Dragnea. Si biserica tot un marketing e, vad.
pai si atunci ce plm dam vina pe voturi? asta e Romania. tara de hoti, comunisti si oprtunisti. toti penalii si smecherii participa la parlamentare si primarii. N-ai cu cine.
Si PNL fura la fel daca le dai ocazia. USR da impresia ca poate curge lapte si miere dar nu au nici o structura, inca. Sunt doar imagine si sperante.
this. It should look like: 'block' *'block'* 'block' *'block'* And getting healed too.
Crezi ca s-a schimbat mare lucru cu un singur penal la puscarie, si prezenta un pic mai mare la vot pentru EUROparlamentare? nu ai unde sa arunci un bat fara sa dai de coruptie si furt.
Nothing speaks "I'm a privileged asshole who thinks nothing of anybody else" like toothpaste filled Oreos. I mean, it's some like us who just pass on, and some like him who actually put some effort into it.
Nu bre. Nu mai merge din 2 rele una. Ca numai muie ne luam. Ne fut astia cu randul. Ce om cinstit mai are loc la guvernare daca noi votam 2 rele?
underrrated. where is giant Brexit shitface Farage?
I'm waiting for Diablo Quantic PR release to laugh my ass off. Or Xbox Quantum. DOOM Quantum multiverse. Skyrim release for quantum machines. Even more mods!
Tbh I think she wore it just because it looks 'nice'. You're just making shit up, now.
It's not stupid of me, it's ignorant if you want. And, while you seem to have facts at hands, yous spent two minutes to reinforce "tradition" of monarchs who don't give a fuck about us plebs while wearing crowns full of precious stones. What did you eat today while planning for Brexit? Or global warming? or crippling debt? How is your house going?
Daca mai asteptam un pic, putem sa cumparam direct masini zburatoare, si atunci sinele si drumurile asfaltate or sa fie obsolete. PSD planuieste pentru viitor.
Nu prea e noi vs vecinii. Toata Terra e asa. S-au taiat masiv toate padurile, si inca se mai taie. Dar de-ai naibii ce suntem, nici nu prevenim, nici la loc nu plantam. Upvotes to the left, ty.
Since I'm so Debbie Down in this thread, Basically The Queen had nothing better to do that day than waste some time making fun of Trump. At least they didn't serve just some cold tea with crackers.
&gt; Tough cookies, you should feel bad are you bullying me? I don't feel bad. I truly don't read that much into an old Queen wearing on her head more money than I (many of us) work for in a year; just because she was born into it. And even as great she or you feel about "the shade", she just gave the time of her day to Trump. Sorry, not sorry.
&gt; the invitation, I didn't pay much attention on why would any of this meeting happen; considering how many times Mr. President fumbled any traditional ceremony he attended, thinking Memorial Day, Korean visits, where he saluted their army, *hamberders* for champions and many more.
Everyone talks about weed like it can cure cancer too with no side effects, but that shit makes you useless as a dead frog until the system can cleanse it if you take too much before it kicks in. Once I spent hours (felt like, I really had no idea how much it was) in bathroom trying to summon the power to get out to eat something, while feeling like about to puke all the same.
Still looks horrible?
GGG giveth, GGG taketh. It doesn't matter what we play. it's important we don't play same thing or we get bored.
Is a comedy show trying to make sense of real life.
Ass famous is kind of passing fame too.
Tag: cultura. Stii cum e vb, daca trebuie sa explici gluma, nu mai are haz.
Da boss, dar daca nu te numeste PSD la ministerul mediului, fomistii aia or sa fure lemn pana se face desert. Zic mersi ca nu s-a realizat roșia montana.
Please, is there any apple product not overpriced on release? Or ever?
Ketchup on pineapple pizza.
Daca le trimiti un proiect de piste pt trotinete/biciclete delimitate cu borduri, poate poate iese ceva.
I wonder if the picture* is taken with an apple product too. The irony is lost to them. e* added words to make myself more clear?
(: and do what else? throw it away? the madness started when she decided to **boil** the baby. might as well.
La fel si cum sa tii poporul sarac, furat si mintit 'da roade'. Daca comenteaza, ii faci bataie si dosar pt deranjul ordinii publice prin politie si jandarmi. Mancati ce semanati.
Pe langa ca e click bait "crima ingrozitoare" Il da si degeaba la ziar pt 'social justice' Acum scrieti ca ce bine ar fi sa fie mutati in Texas, impuscati si dat foc la casa. Si mai ziceti de batranii aia ca sunt nebuni. Ho, nebunilor. Ho.
The purpose of this app is to make money.
Free press is best press. It fuels itself.
The uncomfortable truth.
Legionaire attire has gone up in price 800%. Thx Mathil.
That's still fucking creepy tho. &gt; girl you're 21 now. Starting today your cunt is fair game for everyone. Pls show boobs.
Aici e buba. Daca, ca si popor, votam cu penali si nu stim sa ii interzicem pe incapabilii astia, asta ne e nivelul. Degeaba tipam ca desteptii de pe forumuri.
Numele de turci te iau prin surprindere, si poti sa intri sub masa de ras.
Vorbesti tu frumos dar oamenii au tendinta sa puna nume in functie de ce telenovela sau artist era popular la momentul respectiv. Motorul asta lingvistic o sa transforme limba in grohaituri daca mai scade mult educatia si spiritul autocritic. e.g. The iubesc, fă Raffaella, în pula mea.
Robots don't have feelings of purpose.
Dude, his game is - crashing- You tell him to restart?
I'm reserving judgement until we get to maps and they fix the obvious issues. But it's a contender for Beach title. e: Breach* :D
Nice try to sugarcoat it, can't wait to get to try it myself before they nerf it in some way.
Take a break man, you're tired.
Get with the times man, Infinity Thor xThor xOne Thor Eternal Thor the Beginning Thor remastered
Looks like a fancy 2D cutout.
"I caught mine watching Hannibal Holocuast once, he had the 1 yard stare, like he's seen some shit."
Nobody stopped a troll, yo. They live to fuck with us.
This whole reddit is scripted.
you mean perandus coins?
&gt; conflict resolution is one way to put it, yeah.
its mesmerizing to watch it.
pare imens, da. dar futi o tara intreaga de banii aia. cate milioane s-au facut din taiarea barbara a tuturor padurilor de pe glob, si stam si ne uitam : mama ce bani fac aia. acum ne coacem cu geamurile inchise si aer conditionat. eu nu pot sa stau afara intre 10-17 ca parca mor. sau na, daca nu-ti place incalizrea globala, uite cum ne ia fata la masa ONU, sau facem dosar penal la comanda pentru procuror candidat la Europene sau cum ne ia ploaia asfaltul construit scump. Ai muncit de taxele alea de le-ai platit?
also 3 charges per island; also the void, while cool looking, was pain in the ass for loot hauling; also random island fucking up your planned path. And all this PITA while knowing GGGs tiwsted idea of reward vs effort.
Let me sqash a quad damage globe that makes rockets explode with 4 times more damage. Science. Doom guy shooting himself over yonder is quite in the realm of possibilities, given his advanced armor.
Even normal Innocence casts his dash twice. But his balls seem to do less damage.
Bless you too, buddy.
As opposed to treasure in, garbage out? 😁
V-am papat toti banii si nu mai aveti, mai lenesilor. Vedeti ca aveti si niste imprumuturi de platit.
Guys, don't kick yourself too hard. Ggg doesn't really know balance his own damn game. For leagues and leagues they nerf and buff shit trying to make game grindy and rotate the meta. (ES, leech, block etc been on a rollercoaster for a while) If you want to be hardcore you gotta put in lot of time and play best build for dps not flavour. Ed/cont has its limits. Cyclone is buggy. Look at the top guys for builds. But still, you won't have the exalts ready to make those work.
Astepti glontul sau raspunsul? Am pierdut sirul. Instigarea la violenta e treaba serioasa oriunde pe reddit. Nu te mai da destept.
Eu zic sa te duci in baie si sa vb in oglinda ce scrii. De 10 ori pana te plictisesti. Iti dai singur dreptate, vad. Si totusi ai zis si tu 'persoana sau grup de perosane' care parte nu vrei sa o intelegi?
Ya'll people got it wrong. The crowd is supposed to contain the abussive government.
Cum plm instigi cu gloante impotriva unui comportament? Si e ok, in mintea ta.
Am still debating if its worse or better than Breach. But synthesis? That league deserves the bottom tier for how annoying it was to deal with.
Or kill generals.
How could a 80 something elderly woman fix yo shit that Brexit is? Are you *that* delusional? She may not be able to even remeber to eat, by now. And even if she can, why can't everyone else get at the bottom of this after 2 years?
you speak nice and high about Queen , but all I see is: Democracy is useless, long live monarchy.
unlike you, I never once set foot there.
Legion dropping full breachstones and triple vaaled gems is bullshit imo. dunno if it will stand.
Vaal blight with 21/23 is triple vaaled gem. Unless I'm behind with times?
Problem is they have resistances too. And curses are less effective on them. Any percentage buff is a more everything. On top of random mods they have from birth and map mods, or league buffs. Compared to white mobs who are dust in the wind. Legit you have to deal with rare mobs more dangerous than bosses. Sometimes rewarding.
Being depressed is part of the flow, roll with the stages. Unless you sell currency for real money - not that I recommend it, it doesn't really matter.
&gt; Arranging trades is a chore. working as intended?
why does it take an edge case scenario - probably bugged - for people to realize this shit is unethical, and get riled up?
I was about to read: let republicans take one more term, so they can for once, eat their own shit they sow. Whatever is coming, it's gonna fall on the other party. And it's voters fault. Us.
People don't realise that the respectful generation got old or died off. Whatever happens to China now will brand next generations for decades. The communist farts who got rich under Xin, will continue to have bad influence on China's future. Source: ex communist country.
you forgot about the supporter packs. they give loads of points to spend into the shop. Which means they need expensive sink for those 'bonus' points.
not at the league start though.
1, it's useless 2, i've got hundreds of points just for lowest effort one liners. This is what reddit gravitates to.
in the slow-mo she just faceplants on concrete.
O duce mai bine Dragnea la puscarie decat noi astia de stam pe reddit. fake.
the other day there was a post about a dude who got caught by his mom fucking a pillow makeshift 'fleshlight' - pretty crafty one too. Women blaming their boob jobs on men is ... dishonest and misleading.
Dog is like: I'm their king now.
look at all those offerings you don't need.
can't u guys get a decent gaming PC in those 500 dollars?
you can't be accused of malpractice with rats or racoons.
If you squint a bit, and look at a smaller version, looks like a disappointed exile.
The reason am playing ED almoat every league. I don't need 1000 spells effects a second to kill things , thanks. If they nerf ED, I have bane, blight, black cats, and chaos righteous fire.
Make it clear what you sold. You will tick off other trades.
You can play cyclone or ED or anything melee for few days just to say you didn't miss a thing. But not worth to grind more than a week or two, like a lobotomized hamster.
MMA is kind of bullshit tbh. The fight keeps going on even if you hit the floor, until the ref stops it. Which means the guy can get a flying bomb to the head when he is already on mat and no way to cushion the blow. "bouncing back" with brain trauma doesn't sound interesting.
wait, whats the handjob for?
We need Uber Abaxoth. All loot drops corrupted.
no ex, no vessel, but I do have some exalt shards. Vessel shards when?
Except the drops are tied to the trade market. so damned if you like trade, damned if you don't. While leveling, noticed that rare drops had nice rolls, boots had movement speed, weapons had damage. Got into maps and all the damn rares were utter trash. wands with phys% and cast speed, boots with no or little ms, increased light radius and 10 life/s on everything. it's all an elaborated transmute generator with extra steps to waste time. Yes, an working/serviceable AH would break the game as it is, but at the same time the game is broken without AH.
I play with neversink uber strict and I don't feel like am missing on anything. Once you get a stack of scraps, chromes and xmutes going you can just ignore everything and pick just alch+ in value. Rares are xmute shards with extra steps, so leave them there.
&gt; the don'tyahavephones disaster. now that you mention it, GGG missed a big ticket with synthesis being a crap league. A lot of people were looking for next ARPG out of spite and GGG dropped them.
Right, it was during Betrayal. Maybe after fixes Synthesis became better, but it did put me off for good anyway. Too much trash loot to manage, relying on ever hated trade mechanics, to work.
They seem to invent more issues than they fix. It's fucking weird how they manage. And this league is on the good side considering the content and new korean players.
This is why I don't do drugs. You can turn PoE off, but if it is in your brain...
Legion is pretty rewarding if you play ED. What I do mind is the color code of legions. Which side is the Karui? Which is templar? I'm going to finish a second karui stone before templar.
&gt; 10% of the time, 20? more like 50%. knowing where general spawns beforehand would be too easy by GGG standards.
my worry is we all have a thin stock of red maps and we're back to whites and yellows for a while. grinding around the Atlas builds map pool.
E afisat pretul corect.
I started sweating. Did my brain fail me again?
ne imbeti cu cuvinte, boss.
yeah, but you didn't have a friend to trigger legion archer off screen for you.
Ya all argue about isometric grinders or what not, but miss the point. PoE is unpolished. All the new content and revamps and currency leaves a lot to rngesus for fun. They made bosses and rare monsters hard to kill, rewards are kinda the same, 99% hidden by filters. Incubators recieving 2 points for blue kill, 10 points for yellow and 50 for orange, wouldn't break the game. But then again, why bother? One delve expedition makes quick work of incubators grind.
White monsters lives matter!
Din pacate
It's perfect for more currency slots. What could we ask for next?
Some broke 2mil dps.
Well, we did complain that there are not many downsides for being stealth archers.
Do you hear cherubim choirs when you play?
No. America is a loser. For electing him. He is a symptom.
See bit more of that everything.
Anybody stopped to think what 150± divines, plus mods, would cost? Isnt it too much?
Recorded*
I think GGG knew it would happen, and they left it in. Just tried to make HH more rare.
as a pathfinder you must spam your flasks. 12345 224 123 4512 something like this :)
#BankIt
You are being too optimistic. * nobody has that many divines at 10c * it could take one divine all the same * the owner would go from playing normaly, to trading all day like a magpie chasing the 'perfect' item because "it's worth it." * did you try buy something this league?
When cops are ready to shoot you, maybe you're in a bad place.
&gt; and contagious Honest question, how do you quarantine a contagious fish in water?
Simpatic, dar cand or sa se invete minte domnisoarele?
I find it funny that a freeze isn't a stun.
maybe go stun some enemies with a mace and see the difference. Freeze is a "pause", much like temporal chains. Boss still gets to finish his channel.
my worry is, they will balance vigorwasp with one shot mechanics. more brutal bosses, but once you master the hunt, you can swap the setup as needed.
no, it's EA who perverted the "for free" *then you pay extra.
Do you think iceborne won't have same theme? There will always be that monster to farm.
do one for the HH now :0
*stares in lance*
sharpening is just a metaphor. Much like bows, you need to clean the pipes and tighten up the strings.
not your fault, much of that info isn't well relayed in game. part to not overload you with excel data, part to not fuck up the magic. Just pick what looks cool for you. Even if poison is bad, some weapons look damn cool :D btw, what do you think is strongest element against monster X? 2 stars water or 3 stars fire?
+ it doesn't really matter which weapon is better, since you end up with enough mats to build both. it just helps to know what to get first, for what monster. making best fire hammer then go for Lavasioth is... uninspired.
ya could start a new character to force yourself through the story and make a new bone [weapon] from scratch, or decide between mail or leather all over again; then learn some basics against great G. Including flaying the new weapon like a monkey swings a wood stick. but ultimately you want to stick to one character. if you end up liking the new weapon art, you have plenty of materials to build a set from scratch. And maybe you get a new power gem too. you can't transfer those precious gems.
maybe some are smart, but can confirm, male turkeys will look to fuck and mount just anything that looks mountable. A bowl upside down on dirt? *let's mount it for minutes again and again* Crouching to pick up some berries? *you're basically asking for a mount, lady.* But i'm not a 'lady'. *doesn't matter, lady* Enjoying some chill time? *time to mount your leg.* Female turkeys are like motherships tho. Big, gentle and protective for a long time. Also, chick turkeys? they can die with food and water near them, if you don't show them to eat. each time, again and again.
same, after all they are reptiles, not mammals. is hard to 'connect' like with dogs or dolphins.
Guy, I know it's frustrating. But try be the solution, not join the problem. Play SSF. /s
&gt; or move on to another game many did just that. threads like these are made by vocal minorities who stick around. tbh I managed to get my build geared up with casual grind. so trade is *still* working. it just doesn't make any sense. do we want trade or not? is part of the game or some tool made as a second thought? works as intended or it's just a way to force some interaction? are my items even listed or is the price too high? did I sell my sextants too cheap? I keep getting spammed.
&gt; Squenix I like you.
Maybe is not the fastest speed runner, but, if you're even a bit sloppy, you can finish a hunt taking almost no damage while shrugging off the biggest power moves. While others weapon arts have to space around the monster hit box like some hunter Houdini.
Just stating an opinion, not arguing. Best weapon is the one you're good with.
What do you mean 'all'? Am still surprised plunder blade Palico can get gem essence from failing Nerg hunt.
Or sa se dubleze gropile cu cele de dedesubt. O sa fie ca pe luna.
Until it fails and looks stupid again.
&gt; the next Dem administration prosecute his perjury. will they ever do that though? did they ever?
Ya all are talking like programmers and engineers are trying to get those jobs but can't. The pay is low, hours long and boring, lonely most of the time, night shifts. What kind of people do you think they hire? ex-seal trained vets? cukoos like him are the only one they can hire, ultimately. it's just a matter of forging the tests to look OK, at some point. - "we tried, honestly"
&gt; tell people to leave. &gt; no, I have a pokemon to catch. people who trespass to get those stupid things are equally crazy tbh.
She refused a plea deal. Now she gets charged with everything in the book. The funny part is yet to come, a slap on the wrist.
You are offered 1 million dollars. How much bullshit are you willing to say?
"Impreach Trump" to you too, pal.
Sunt curios cata pula poti sa sugi ca sa faci abdomen ca al ei.
Daca e angajat in functie publica, de ce trebuie anonimizat?
Daca bagi doar laxative devii imun ca nu mai ai de ce sa stai. Taphead. Jpg
Relative to what? Speed of light? It would confuse us even more.
Well, any move looks awesome if monsters jump in it at the right time.
I'm sorry, I missed the part about Pukei being cute. Too busy oogling Vaal for where to put my lance in next.
Am sorry but I don't agree about the 1% of work. Setting up camp, cooking huge tasting meals and keeping your stash in order **WHILE** your Palico is busy carting you, is not 1%.
You missed all the fun from before that button.
&gt; low rank diablos you go near the ramp, charge and make the aerial combo. again and again. he might try to borrow or something but that's no problem if you keep on the move.
When you've had enough of this shit and just want to get it done then go home.
So don't use google, but use google through 3rd parties. Are you going to tell me to use facebook through instagram next?
Tl;dr: avem inovatie, dar nu e declarata din cauza birocratiei. Si costurilor. Plus ca suntem printre tarile cu cel mai bun net, unde avem.
no wonder they drink it like water, it's a bit little water.
Maybe it was the broken horn. Black Diablos is the female. aggressive but maybe weaker?
I flinched like watching a guy get hit in the balls.
It may look like, but the disdain is rich, coming form a hunter sub.
maybe because there is no before/after for him? :D He's done drugs since he stopped sucking milk.
Except now they spray the tablets on corn fields.
Dunno what you mean by 2nd panel, but 50th time can be as painful as first, just grew to like it.
only by watching twitch, it depends on weapon and how you use traps.
Well it is his business, but your parents didn't know to hold him accountable.
everyone has attack jewel as first. unless you mean you chanced another one your first time?
problem is stun is, you have to invest a lot for it to work, and if it doesn't then is garbage. if it works, it's OP.
just 2 more years until they think about making shield charge channeled. hang on bro.
well they had one, but shat the bed for phones.
I think lance is the only who can stand against his bullshit. but you need guard points to survive the super dive bomb.
&gt; killing monsters with capture nets to me it looks like he's tickling him. G Jargas is laughing his belly off.
Well, this is their vision. its just sugarcoated with PR and fishing memes. Part of it could be because of resources; money/experienced designers. But this is their vision @ trading, balancing, boss phases, mapping and so on. Bored players, like us, will nit pick it and make extreme statements like the one in the video, too.
nu sunt de acord cu tot ce ai zis, dar da. ca si pieton, ma mir cum zi de zi oamenii aia se urca in masina sa stea la cozi la semafoare. Dar in acelasi timp trebuie sa ma strecor printre masini parcate, triciclete, oameni pe trotuare inguste. * masina are 4 locuri + portbagaj? * eu merg singur; boss. * orice nu se degradeaza natural, polueaza. masini, triciclete, modul de generare a energiei oricum, s-a mai zis pe aici, traficul o sa fie tot timpul o problema atat timp cat soferii isi permit sa stea in trafic.
subscriu la ce a zis domnu' deasupra. better keep it english only sa nu ne ia the fuck out citind whatever incerci sa zici.
Pana nu se face trotineta din masini reciclate, e tot poluanta. Bateria din ea cum crezi ca se degradeaza? Nu zic ca nu sunt de acord cu trotinetele, dar stiu cine le abuzeaza si isi bat joc de ele. Dupa aia sa ma urc si eu sa pun mana? Si nu mi-as lua una personala pt ca dupa aia nu mai merg nici un pic pe jos; avand munca de birou.
Immobile champs are depressing in this game.
you can also swap roles with mutual agreement.
waste of talent. just play aphelios and get quadra in one second.
hidding under turret.
stai pe /r/aww sau alt sub. daca vrei sa stai fericit. trebuie sa fii ca strutul "cu capul in nisip" ca daca stai sa te gandesti la toate nenorocirile pe care le comit toate animalele astea parca nici din casa nu ai mai iesi.
tot asteptati sa moara omul ala de parca se coboara cornul abudentei peste Ro in ziua respectiva. 30 de ani s-a facut "reforma" sub comunisti cu oameni nostalgici dupa comunism. Iliescu a fost si va fi doar simptomul prostiei romanilor. Acum vreti sa moara ca sa nu va mai simtiti prost.
&gt; hands are just fine. yeh fuker. they are fine until they aren't. try few more years. that attitude will do you well.
I was hooked at the bathtub scene. Then the balcony. then the tutorial. then the Wild Hunt intro. then field full of dead soldiers ready to loot.
It must be Kaoms Heart. chunky af.
See? much better than being one shot by fed Regnar.
&gt; unfinished buggy piece of shit With poe being constantly updated with league content and atlas reworks... it's a perpetual unfinished buggy piece of code. it's a given. only wish we wouldn't play beta league the first month.
Daca ziceai 45 de ani te credeam.
I'm not a parent but probably they're sick and tired of both/all by then.
my 2 Orens finish the story on easy/medium (lol xD) - say you pick Triss this time. then mod your next play through with the most difficult mod you can (try 2-3, some settings) and be the meanest motherfucker in dialog choices too. and bang all the chicks.
Medieval terminology went away because they were tired of being peasants. Royality Lord and Ladies didn't give a shit about masses.
&gt; what the fuck is this oh, here's the paycheck.
they nerfed everything else with buffs to monsters.
they do force metas; it's just they don't know how to balance. and it turned out when you buff all monsters and have a boss league - necros still do well.
not to knock your dream work down, but why do people pick sets with so much light noise? backlight on walls, tower light up like a lighthouse. is that green light coming from monitor frame?
the portal from portal gem now only lasts 30 seconds.
Just remove the storms and give one portal only. This way you know what it is about.
but with yuumi you know who to focus. She does stuff , yes. but doesn't distract you from killing the adc. poking him. titling him. until they hate each other.
and people wonder why minions are popular. is pretty cool to just run around focusing on staying alive while dps on boss is maximized.
now or never. next league it's gonna be something else.
For ed you need to channel blight debuff to maximize dps. This build has nothing to do after summoning.
you have to *know* it's a Janna top, first.
&gt; De ce pula mea trebuie să plătească un copil pentru greşelile adulților? Romania tot plateste. doar ca de copil ne mai e mila - asa din natura.
TL;DR: Politia nu se poate amenda singura.
&gt; cheaper and faster. not if you pick a trending or meta build.
nu mai e mult. "boomerii" - adica copii bunicilor cu cate 5-6 copii se apropie de pensie. si cum la noi s-a emigrat masiv...
ce zici tu si ce intelege lumea: **am inceput sa si cer [...] fix la program [...] sa cer ce salariu vroiam etc** ce le trece pe la ureche: ^^Cum ^^nu ^^aveam ^^task ^^intram ^^pe ^^^platforma ^^^de ^^^^elearning &gt; Gata boss, pot sa ma bag la IT si fara liceu?
e populism - atat. vor electorat. ai pregatit dosarul cu sina sau ..?
ah, yeah. in HC everything is meaningful :)
you already have a totem for Wither.
batjocura e ca tot platiti taxe ca prostii. jumate din salariu brut pe pula se duce. Iei foc pe masa de operatie.
It's malicious and creates a bad rep scenario for the person affected. "why are you posting maps you don't have" "this dude doesn't bother answering, nice community"
Pcg e specializat. Emag vinde tot ce au chinezii.
Maine anul se-noieste Si razboiul iar porneste.
Month Python style this would work.
2008 crisis govrnments bailedbout banks not people. Ofc they are happy.
In alea 5 secunde se golește un metrou de 200 de oameni.
pai cu o masina din asta eficienta x orele de munca a romanilor = 0 paduri
PNL e tura de schimb a PSD , nu antiteza.
O sa ajungeti sa cereti utilaje care aduc ploaia.
She got 10.000 worth of food coupon at Popeye's - all the chicken she can eat.
I like how he took his uniform off. &gt; Boss, I'm about just to take a break right now.
I think you can set up delays for some programs.
Faci plângere in EU impotriva celor care cumpara lemnul defrisat. Nu mai fiti fraieri.
is it a Hammer or a Dooter?
I always had this problem with hammer. Just can't stop bonking. &gt; while !dead do bonk(); *quest failed* oh?...
E tara in care construim Catedrala Neamului, se organizeaza referendum homofob si comunistii inca sunt la putere. Vrei sa 'dezbata' ce?? Doar noi aici dezbatem - adica ne dam dreptate singuri - ce bine ar fi.
RIP 30 ron si un pai.
No, pei vezi sa-ti aduci aminte cu cine sa votezi.
Thats shit crazy statement considering the origins of USA and their independence fight.
trec pe langa ASE in drum spre munca si vad masinile alea parcate 24/7. nu ai cum sa scapi de ideea ca "oare sa incerc". trist. Asa se intampla daca nu poti sa castigi decent dintr-un salariu 'cinstit'. Coruptia naste monstrii.
Multi sunt la un salariu lipsa sa stea pe drumuri. ce sa fie? pasarica fututa pe bani dar la casa ta . sau pasarica fututa de boschetari pe nimica?
cel satul nu va intelege pe cel flamand. e cald si bine pe reddit? ajung la tine problemele omului de rand? paznicul de la bariera, pacientului cu leucemie? fata fara bani, pe care toata lumea de la profesorul libidinos la adolescentul pubertin o vede ca o bucatica de fund si tzatze buna de futut?
mda. desfiintezi tot ce zic ca si "melodrama". e mai usor cand nu te cauta toti sa iti vinzi cucul pe bani. poti sa fii 'demn'. dar ma bucur pentru tine ca ti-a iesit. bafta cu 'survivorship bias' ala al tau. ma scuzi ca ti-am deranjat realitatea fixa.
&gt; oamenii cu demnitate se descurca si altfel. nu inteleg, daca tu te simti imun si descurcaret, ce plm te iei de altii care incearca si ei sa supravietuiasca in cacatul asta de tara? mergi la biserica in fiecare duminica de te simti asa demn?
n-a fost nici o conversatie. ai vomat pe forum, ti-ai dat dreptate singur. 5 posturi. &gt; eu am incercat si mi-a iesit. muie la restul care nu fac ca mine. papa
&gt; castiga mai bine ca noi pai in primul rand nu prea platesc taxe. si nici nu au cum pentru ca nu prea vor bancile sa isi bata capul cu ei. iar la ANAF declara ce au chef. mai bine dau spaga la inspector, daca vine. in al doilea rand - uite cazurile in care a vandut fata poze nud ca sa doneze pentru Australia. galagie de bani ce s-au gasit sa-si satisfaca o placere in mod util. Imagineaza-ti slogan: &gt; Cum for Australia February
ce gen de specializare se cauta? /s
poti sa faci pereche cu una. stunt cock. dar imi imaginez ca trebuie sa ti se scoale asa... din plictiseala, dupa cateva ore.
a visit to the doctor is advised. no point in sittin' on your ass 'concerned'. try wear face mask.
you are right, echo chambers have noise feedback , but refunding a game is not that easy either. you bought it and devs are like "hey look it didn't matter - all good. some even had fun."
this sub almost lost his shit over armored thigh gaps. (too which I do agree, it's too much fan service)
hm, always called him Zingore. what's 'zinogre' originating from?
Hammers don't have charge, jump on monster or huge guard shield that allows them to stick to the boss for SUSTAINED dps. If you give lance big hitter combo, everyone plays lance. It's not pvp yeah, but if one weapon art pulls ahead of others... Why?
Sorry I can't follow you. Balance is important, not because we are pvp but because its a multiplayer game and you want all weapons to do equally well, within their niche. What's the point in having multiple choices if only one is right?
They power up. Not charge across the map
A bit over the top tho, but I understand why the colors.
Deviljo just anxiously ate his tail.
30 h is too much to find the IDs for her clothes and strip them. It's about quality. HQ bush. Jiggle physics. Moisturized skin. Anime style clothes. This takes time.
Whoa, is it??
Pro life Republicans and guns?
and mats.
add few more zeroes.
So 365*7000?
Considering workers are being treat like robots for pennies ... Nice of you to defend him 😇😍😅
it is good for big flying monsters. but try to hunt Kulu or Great Jargas with it. Try anything airborne-fancy and you just beat the air.
hot damn it made me feel dumb. &gt; hit his legs! ...\*claw to temple head scratch\* but his legs are under ground &gt; HIT. HIS. LEGS. #GODDAMMIT WOMAN WAIT ME TO TOPPLE HIM FIRST.
it's easy af to hit MR. they give you cheat codes for gear.
I ask were is the toilet.
&gt; Cum ceilalți deținuți încarcerați în camera cu pricina au susținut că nu știu nimic de recipiente, Nu stiu, nu sunt de aici.
&gt; Cine pula mea i-a dat lu asta carnet? Daca ai act de proprietate BMW, primesti automat carnet.
pai, o fi greu sa dea amenzi? :)
Assuming they do their jobs and don't get lobby money to line their pocket and work against the people's interest.
having to put on a show for fans and money really can turn you into a fuckwad for popularity. too many hits to the head don't do well either.
yeah. like wtf. they are corrupt piece of greedy shits. and &gt; let's pay them more! capitalists are making obscene amount of money and still want more. &gt; let's cut their taxes, it will work, trust me.
It felt good, not gonna lie.
I'm upvoting all of this - so shout out to us. your contribution to the left, TY.
patience, passion, the gut feeling that you need to finish an idea. - and lots of practice behind it. Also not getting addicted like a lobotomized rat to reddit.
stay sharp USR. USR#
well , yeah. I understand that. shit breaks even with best intentions. But you can't install anything on your own. And VS gets a freebie.
Smells like bullshit though. Crezi ca stiu aia diferenta intre gaurile de chuivete?
Ne-am adaptat. dar afectele tind sa fie "subtile" - si le ignoram. faci bube, galme, tumori, leucemie, iti cade parul, nu iti mai merge mintea cum trebuie (ADHD, Alzheimer etc), dereglari hormonale, de dezvoltare samd. nu tot ce ne imbolnaveste ne omoara sau ne transforma in zombie ca in filme.
&gt; Rezolvati sistemul informatic al ANAF-ului E 'genial' ca in tara de ITisti nu se face nimic pe linie guvernamentala de calitate dpdv IT. Atat de handicapati si comunisti incomepetenti sunt oamenii aia. nu vor sa mai ramana ceva dupa ei, doar praf si pulbere
nu o inteleg pe asta. oricum poti sa pliezi hartia cat vrei. important e sa nu it dea sangele cand te stergi. dar da, denota cat de disperati suntem cand e vorba sa fim 'economi'.
&gt; Cancerul din aer.. &gt; e timpul sa iesim in strada! :-\ intre Coronavirus, aer infect si inghesuiala de la metrou/troleu... parca nu as mai iesi o luna.
Ne-am adaptat. dar efectele tind sa fie "subtile" - si le ignoram. faci bube, galme, tumori, leucemie, iti cade parul, nu iti mai merge mintea cum trebuie (ADHD, Alzheimer etc), dereglari hormonale, de dezvoltare samd. Si nu stii de ce. nu tot ce ne imbolnaveste ne omoara rapid sau ne transforma in zombie ca in filme.
Near water*
It's expensive to have a divorce , and laws for kids allowance. You are kinda stuck together. E; child support.
Game devs: over 100 hours of gameplay.
They can't run themselves.
listen any of his 'free speech' and you will not believe your ears.
I'm waiting for them to nominate a reddit user representative.
This is real. Scotts hate brits. Poor hate rich. and so on. Without the EU and immigrant boogeyman they go back at hating each other. Unless they still manage to blame it on EU, even after leaving.
it's the cards that game gave to them. poke poke poke.
it's because we had limited resources and knowledge. also he was hitting like a truck compared to Pukei and Jargas. Elemental res food? who cares. no armor spheres to boost defense? no problem. whatever the fuck does this weapon do? doesn't matter. True Charge Slash all the way. gear skills? BBQ chef, horny maestro and Master fisher are a must in the field.
was kinda poetic to see lance 2 times. and the first time it was with a hbg.
La fel cum postezi pentru Karma si apoi iti dai seama ca e nefolositoare.
catch 22- nu avem structura feroviara - logistica e rutiera - nu e rentabil sa investim in feroviar
plm cand protestezi iti pune bulanul pe spate si gaz in ochi. ce interes sa ai? Jandarmeria si SRI servesc coruptia.
You are a soldier told to stay 'there' with the weapon in your hand. The order comes: shoot. Your finger goes on trigger. No thinking, no morals. Morals where out the window long long before when military was deployed vs civilians. It started when the nation voted Trump in office. It started when americans brought slaves to work their fields. It started when it was genocide against native americans. It didn't stop.
kinda lost me with the medium difficulty. maybe it's different in high elo. Soraka seems easy as pie to me. Doesn't roam for miracles, no 3 hit passive, her skill shots are for flair, ally don't need to pick up heals and should be better with a decent player vs decent players. you can build her full healer or battle tank Soraka and stand some damage should they focus you.
Sett is like Illaoi. gets better against more enemies.
if you play a champion well, anything with CC works in support. Some better than others ofc. Why do you think Swain found his way there?
Jhin goes well with poke champs.
you mean the leds will just stay on?
the easy part about Naut is you can walk around like a boss and ward much more safely than a Soraka. and it's a bit more forgiving if your team didn't pick any front liner/bruiser top
&gt; 15/1/10 Lvl 14 Soraka with Mobis Ardent Athenes Mikaels Redemption if you can get 15 legit kills with those items - and not just last hit with E silence, sure why not? :) it's most likely you have 1-1-25 with that build and you're talking outta yo ass.
yes we've been playing this game for the last 10 years and we know for certain that Rito sucks ass at balancing. here is - another - video - that explains why! maybe reddit isn't the forum to ask for balance tips, but sure is the testers who can give feedback like: is this shit fun?! HELLL NO.
top lane was useless because drakes. if you can send duo top and keep solo bot with drakes being the same, I want to see your balance tips for that meta.
if one shot matters, 2 shots makes it even then 3rd shot is OP pls nerf. But I do agree ADC been kinda too much support reliant and need a enchanter multiplier for it to even shine.
&gt; played it far better. sit in bush (with 2 items down, no farm, only 2 kills) then spam your abilities on top of unsuspecting ADC? such tactics.
it's not heavily flawed. some champs just punish anything and everything too easy.
&gt; Kassadin is still an assassin with high AP scalings that has also reached his 2 item power-spike of Seraph's + RoA and when will a Jhin with 4 items reach his power spike and be safe-ish against a 2 item power spike assassin? with vision being so scarce (and I say this as support main) how the fuck is Jhin supposed to 'see him coming' when there are like 4 close bushes on the way to creeps that Kass could hide in?
you honestly expect an ADC to spend gold on defensive items and still do well in game, in the face of the FACT that Kass has ROA and 2 cloth items for defense on top of damage and STILL does respectable damage as a 2-7 midlaner versus a 15 kills well farmed ADC?
it is too much to ask to shift a bit of balance from support to adc so he can live by himself for a bit when in a 1v1 situation? adc items are all damage with 3 types of stats (as, ad, crit) while on the other side, AP has defense on most of their items (on top of CDR, mana, AP) and can do least as good damage. and if you're a scaling AP mage with spammable flash for ult you kinda are always relevant no matter what. can you say the same about a 2-7 adc with 2 items and a megatron cloack?
why do you think is fair that a scaling champ with 2 lazy items (ROA stacks just by buying it early and then existing ; you can be on a death timer for the rest of it and still SCALE) can be ~almost~ on same level as a 'linear' well farmed well geared ADC?
kinda hard to be a ranged AD carry when everything is on top of you easily. this is fine.
by unholy terror you mean survive the best you can so you can use your ult to help bot lane before Sett dives your turret??
&gt; just wait for Skarner who is literally around the corner. do you realise what you're saying? a well fed ADC has to sit behind his team against a dirty wet towel Kass? 2v1 just to survive safely?
with only 2 kills more and a bit better farm Kass would have had the means to delete Jhin. talk about getting free kills for just picking assassin and sitting in bush - against a champ that must farm with maximum diligence whole game just to not fall behind and be irrelevant. in how many games do you see ADCS waiting in bushes waiting for kills?
1. how much defense do you expect ADCs with enough gold for 4 items to have in their build and still be reliable in a teamfight while decently good against a 2 items Kass in a 1v1 scenario? 2. what in the fuk are you talking about kiting? Kass can be on top of you 3 times in 2 seconds if he uses flash too.
I do not disagree, but the big condition is to not have your ADC die then lose half turret and drake for it. a dead ADC is not farming and that is worse for his team than a dead support.
wish you were right but it does matter if your ADC is a walking pile of gold for the enemy for half the game.
&gt; runs it down than one that pops off both situations are bad and breed toxicity &gt; a Shaco I never ban Shaco and can't tell last time I saw one.
Everyone including thresh expected Jhin to be able to return the favor in kind but he didn't.
you try to normalize this situation: Thresh had enough tankiness, CC AND damage to solokill Jhin. On support gold income (wards , red wards et cetera) Your opinion is unpopular indeed.
Yasuo has half an ADC range and can dash a lot.
A more serious answer is Graves
word count.
Nobody is a saint but I would still like to see people with legit toxicity in game get some reprisal. there's so many ways to ruin a game for everyone.
Obama was president for 8 years and I saw no golden age - things were much better sure, but. So yeah, where's the 5 years from? With Biden? You had the chance to Have Bernie for 8 years and fucked that right up.
&gt; Xeno’Jivaa it's walk in the park with lance and fire res. Depends on weapon I guess. Never again Hammer vs Paolumu or Kirin. or god forbid, Kushala.
&gt; 700 hours I know this is the sub for this kind of complains, but why are you being mad at a game that hooked you for 700 hours? What kind of content could they pack in 700 hours to not be grindy, RNG or any less frustrating?
Carnivores need fiber too.
gl doing that vs monsters that have fucky attack patterns. satisfying to watch
what individuals? 'you' is both singular and plural. all these protests are meaningless if 'you' manage to vote Trump. Remember reddit is a small echo chamber compared to real world opinions. Same way Boris won another term to finish Brexit.
Arebyou sure perfectly normal isn't just what you are used to? Look at other cultures. Scotts for something tame. Africans for something more crazy and well suited for their heated climate. To make it short: normal is just what majority agrees to do/wear - based on looks, power and vanity.
And republicans are complicit. Don't forget the failed impeachment.
Well see, as a male am not finding them disgusting. As long as they wash themselves and all that. Ugly is in the eye of the beholder :\^)
I'm sorry, didn't know you were underage. Didn't imply to show thy penis to kids. As for the shape.. Some of them have same stuff down there. Think about the little girls trying to be as big as mommy tho.
In fairness, micro$$oft does this all the time. Ask any web guy about IE and Edge. Corporate guys about the excel, macros and skype. Outlook is king. Win10 is full of spyware and metrics now. GL disabling all the crap. Autoupdates?? You gonna like them NOW. Hadware on phones was good because Nokia packed all the featuers they could at an affordable price. Software had potential, but... Wasn't enough. It did not help that they had to be developed on a fucking 3rd software dev medium, forgot what it was. Small companies can't afford supporting win, iOs and android.
Law ain't about justice.
Front page of PoE: ples let us log straight to our Hideouts. the lag sucks. mtx takes long time to load Also Front page: Guild HO, G*3 pls. This is in the same vein of people demanding support for PvP events. Look where it is now.
only if GGG could get around to please every group of people with their dev time - then I have no problem with it.
I'm not even mad about the air. It's the damn wasteful packaging. more plastic for the oceans yay.
Think I can't have any self control and just not buy a console for one or two games?
Then he is part of the problem when it comes to the toxicity?
I love how you take care of your wrists. How's the chair?
I love it for like 10-20 hours until you finish the story and see all the unique planets. Then it's a mindless grind without purpose. Base building could be cool but even that seems underdeveloped. It's easy to get rich, combat is repetitive and boring after you done upgrading your gear, running in anything but S tier gear is a waste of time because of the tech gap. From C to A to S the difference is too big. I do hope a better game comes out of this because I love the concept. EVE is too mind numbing slow and NMS is procedurally bland after a while.
Rip?
Somebody like Trump doesn't go quietly to prison. he must shove everyone into shit before his shoes get a speckle of accountability for ANYthing he did.
It's about sending a message.
In caz ca apare virusu cu bulan in mana sau ceva. &gt; boss eu am masca, ma lasi?
&gt; sunt alesi special n-o sa vezi ca angajzeaza pe cineva mai competent ca ei, cei din primarii.
Something something failed impeachment.
maybe minions, tho. depends on the Farmville monsters.
just go Riot way and add true damage to map mods. that'll teach us.
you missed the part that GGG doesn't know to do fun. just slot machines and nerfs. Every time I think about playing my finger winches in pain because of the damn clicking. Even in LoL you take breaks after 20-30 minutes to cool down. here is non stop clicking and sorting crap so you can get back in action. AND the kicker? with all those nerfs people will find an OP combo to make 40% of ladder with.
maybe for 5 bucks, like aura effect remover.
Blizz balances HS with same meta rotation like GGG
wallets will talk.
no mid league nerfs pls /s
They already do that. they balance for people who play A LOT. they don't balance for a week of fun.
Talk about vocal minority fucking shit up for every decent person out there. start voting?
then they removed the dual wield bonus speed and people don't know what the fuck to do with all these nerfs.
in 1-2 weeks the top builds of now will switch to the meta build of the league with the earned currency. And by the looks of it you need top clear speed to grow seeds fast. With decent boss killer. If T4 seeds encounters aren't too fancy, like say Sirus, all you need is a build that can clear alched red maps. Then a boss killer for Sirus.
it's like 48 hours in and people are at lvl 96+. blows my mind. I hope they take care of themselves. Not just caffeine and adderal.
can't you plug the PC to the TV and a controller?
Better get a second TV for the PC station IMO. xD
maybe it works for some types but how do you go about crafting chaos clusters? Or melee clusters?
Delirium was kinda OP too tho. Bosses had loads of flat %damage reduction
the layout in paint is nice and all but I got confused with 3 collectors and a fertilizer. it's way more messy in game. also no way to craft for chaos/minions.
I already uninstalled; * the colors/bloom and duplicate crafting options (walls of text) give me a headache. 4 crafting rows telling me it will change a color socket to red or green. The crafting bench was more neatly organized. * Lots of limitations (item levels, type, rarity); duplicates with kinda same mechanic * Lots of clutter on screen like usual (seeds with individual growth, pylons, fertilizers, item drops, storagers cables and so on). * Texture flickering/missing from Vulkan bugs. * While it's not grey on grey like last league it's pretty impossible to make out what are you fighting anyway still... * and so on. * And "*crafting*" never tickled me fancy in this game since I'm just buying all my shit , even 6 links. gimme orbs so I can sell. Kinda burned out after Delirium so I'm just sitting this out even tho the portal from challenges looks cool. But thanks for your kind words.
And that's OK. GGG expecting us to play furiously every 3 months for least 1 month grinding our way through everything ~again~ is kinda asinine.
it's convoluted.
I think a better analogy is: you have to build the kitchen setup once. Yeah it will take a bit of time.. Even so, it's not interesting to me.
that 'LOL' was useful. didn't notice the sarcasm at first.
Who the fuck lets curses expire anyway? gimme a mechanic that can 'drain' curse duration or something, THEN we might have something.
That's because you didn't fall asleep until 5 am.
would you wear that amulet?
It's dead on arrival. Hope nobody paid for it.
You're not the only one. What they call crafting I call slot machines with a twist. Crafting is alchemy in skyrim or tailoring in wow. This is rng where you farm for coins to roll the slots. I will never like it.
&gt; thinks Title implying it's not.
First we're going to make more currency than currency tab has slot for. ~ also Chris, circa 99.9999 BC
I don't think you can search for shaped or elder influenced maps either. so be ready for another stash tab.
and it wasn't free :)
yes but, making 'blighted' searchable in stash tabs doesn't make it marketable solution. so they overengineered it into a blighted maps stash tab so they can sell. it's the same company who sells you 'hide aura mtx' for 5$ ~each~
[nah](https://www.reddit.com/r/pathofexile/comments/hepwox/announcing_the_blight_metamorph_and_delirium/)
&gt; [Today we released some new types of Stash Tabs. **Despite them selling well**, many players had concerns](https://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/2882324) People complain on reddit. while many are out in the shop buying it. voting with their wallet.
&gt; aware of this. every craft league was a bore. they may be aware but sure don't know how to turn it in player numbers.
&gt; Recently This means 4 seconds?
Back in Delirium I could sustain without doing this religiously. That's the problem with nerfs, people's expectations can't keep up.
4 range or 4 teemos?
More bananas or increased bananas?
less human greed and slefishness. Capitalism is the manifestation of that. People are greedy - profit; people are selfish - profit.
&gt; Still waiting for Mexico to pay for the wall... that was the underlying problem. People WANTED that wall. they VOTED for a wall.
Twitch itself didn't give a reason. &gt; Because we can.
I think you got it wrong. GGG needs to fight repetitive activities and let us all use bots.
&gt; bots are mandatory at the same time it's totally impossible to compete with them for real human interaction.
We just don't have the facts to grasp the situation. Some see the smoke: oh it's nothing. Others see the smoke: holy shit it's the end of time. hard to ~know~ exactly how bad it is. Since some people even accept them as an necessary evil, including GGG.
you touch on my second point. you have first hand experience, but exactly how many of them are out there compared to legit players? How are you going to convey "Its every bit as bad as you think it is. " to someone who goes "bots aren't that bad, it's the league mechanics"
I don't ever bother to sort my standard stash anymore, But a void league would deny any meaning.
&gt; exclusivity it's RNG not exclusivity.
with the right price maybe? I imagine RMTing exalts in std is cheap.
Game is not fun -&gt; don't play. why give yourself a depression over it.
There was a compilation of people like her, men and women. Sooooo much fucking stupidness I couldn't stand all the way through. The highlight for me was a woman well past her 40ies, paraphrasing: I don't wear a mask for the same reason i don't wear undies, God made us so.
Judging by the nerfs they handed to cluster jewels, yeah. Whole league is a beta for new features. Then it's nerf city. What drives me to the edge? We have had 3-4 different crafting leagues (essence, betrayal, delve, synthesis and to some extent awakened orbs). Now we have harvest too, different mechanics. How many more useless crafting leagues do we need? If its too good, like Delve-fossils, it gets nerfed. Hard pass this league.
and why is she shame-posting on Twitter instead of serving him booty pics? some girls,
The fireball is to break everything inside the shop, I think.
There been some, but if and when the truth comes out it's just a slap on the wrist.
How about Talisman?
the fuck is a qvc?
&gt; you're just not in the majority. Stop and think about that statement. what MAJORITY are you talking about? You don't like it, I don't like it. but that doesn't make us a majority of anything. Not even on this sub.. Maybe Harvest had the biggest drop rate after 1 week, but that still is less than 50% of players. (+/- however many bots there are)
