Wouldn't the people who already lived there be *first* ?
Do you ever think *It would have been cheaper to die of a ruptured appendix*
I grew up middle or lower middle class. Never went to bed hungry, wore hand-me-down and thrift store clothing, but usually had one or two articles of first-owner clothing too. Married a native American. Went to visit the inlaws on the rez. Currently, I have a father-in-law without running water in his house. He has a septic system. They flush the toilet using a bucket which they fill from a water tank on a trailer which they tow occasionally to get refilled with water. A brother-in-law has 3 children under 3 years old, and they don't have hot water. Another brother-in-law has hot and cold running water, but his septic system needs service.
It fits in well here because libertarians are imbeciles
Wedding cakes rarely have *words* written in frosting
The attorneys for the bakery said the opposite in oral arguments. "The baker is an *artist* but a chef or makeup artist isnt." - according to the lawyer for the bakery
*sorry, we don't have bacon and don't sell bacon to anyone. You aren't being singled out for discrimination when we treat you the same as all other customers*
Cakes aren't gay. Customers might be.
One big difference between fast food and health care is the *life or death decision* factor.
I fully fund my HSA every year. And still worry about medical expenses for pre-existing conditions every damn year. This year, the only HSA qualified plan in my state is Bronze. My deductible is more than I'm allowed to put in the HSA , and my expenses will most certainly be more than my deductible.
Debt to whom? Mars?
The issue needs to be framed as *states rights* (which it is)
Well at least the stock market is doing great!
Too busy to waste time on dysfunctional family bullshit, amirite?
I disagree in part. Only the clearly documented charitable activities should be tax exempt. The food bank, for instance. Spending millions to fight California's Proposition 8 isn't a charitable activity and they should have paid income tax on that portion of tithes that went towards the effort to deny marriage to people who aren't even members of the LDS.
The headline a extra adverb phrase
&gt; days are numbered He just got his contract renewed and a raise.
The school board is elected by the community to run the school according to community standards.
She didn't even walk up to the mic. She raised her hand and was recognized by the chair. She then proceeded to say it's wrong to give the superintendent a raise when they supposedly can't afford raises for teachers.
I watched the video. When the teacher was told to leave, she collected her purse and left.
One of the agenda items was the superintendent's contract. She asked why he's getting a raise (part of his contract; i.e. the agenda item) when the district supposedly can't afford raises for teachers.
The CL in ACLU stands for *civil liberties*. The recently growing prominence of the ACLU is due to the recently growing threats to our civil liberties
Fun fact: The highest paid public employee in most states is the university football or basketball coach.
Bread wouldn't rise if the yeast didn't have sugar to "eat"
Weed is taxed too, genius
No man is an island
&gt; their income tax What income tax? It's Washington State.
So with all this signage , you anti-tax libertardians will drive to someplace else (and pay fuel tax) and overall spend more money. *brilliant*
Any settlement would punish students
Maybe because comments were turned off in the YouTube video
And out of the education budget
Will you make any other videos such as HOW-2, etc ?
School Board is an elected position
Money
'Twas an *accident* , claims OP
Next month: *how do I spend less time drinking in the alley?* /s
I don't understand humanity and I've been human for decades
Says the lazy moocher who wants handouts just for standing on a line. Pull your gold up by your bootstraps. SMH
&gt; Is ... is that a lot? Fun trivia : While Wyoming will probably be among the last 10 states to establish a regulated marijuana market, it's not the most strict. If fact, some refined products (wax, etc) are in a legal limbo. Prosecutors are aggressive , but judges are reluctant to make someone a felon when there's no defined threshold for misdemeanors. A group of legislators met to discuss the issue and nobody had any idea how much is "a lot". So they just copied a number from Montana. Meanwhile, baking a misdemeanor ounce of herb into a pound of felony brownies is a thing.
My obvious cameras are fake decoys. My actual cameras are concealed spy cameras.
While you can't booby trap your cameras, you can plant roses , cactus , etc that make reaching them unpleasant.
Disappointed I had to scroll this far to see this.
&gt; fall and crack his skull Then why walk under it? It wasn't above the doorbell/knob/knocker
How about not committing the crime of vandalism in the first place?
DIY fail
Bacon reader here. Never tried anything else on my phone.
Simpler, cheaper, easier for everyone. Why does the party supposedly for fiscal responsibility and freedom and "getting the government out of the way so the people can prosper" oppose the policy and procedure that most closely aligns with their values?
Includes battery backup, dedicated secure data link to HQ - which requires digging a trench and laying fiber in a street already congested with utilities. That trench needs 24/7 police babysitters while it's open. 13K seems realistic
Unfortunately :(
* spent so far * doesn't include installation So all that money is before it came to exist?
The first month is the most expensive, because the cost to install (including open the street and lay a data cable in a trench) has to be accounted for somewhere and no other budget line will accept it.
Wyoming Statutes 35-7-19 allows specific extracts and that's only for seizure disorders.
&gt; it already is Reply : *only for a small subset of the diseases, illnesses, and conditions that can be treated with it*
Meanwhile, your point about some people tuning out as soon as it's time to talk details - is still a valid one. Attention spans and level of interest varies between people. It's the members of the legislature who are obligated to consider details.
This needs to be repeated numerous times during Fox &amp; Friends because we know Donnie watches that religiously.
&gt; completely legalize If you'll accept nothing less, nothing will change until hardliners in the legislature retire. When you were a baby, did your parents forbid you from crawling because only walking is acceptable?
If only we had elected a Chief Executive with the leadership and negotiating skills to get things done. &lt;sigh&gt;
The landlady doesn't care *why* the rent is late. ChaseBank is going to triple the interest rate because the credit card payment was late. They don't care *why* it was late.
A lot of us are wondering the same thing
If I close one I haven't used in a long time, and it's the oldest card in my wallet, why would my score go down? Does closing a card I don't use predict that I'm later going to default on cards that still have a balance?
It's not that there aren't any negative consequences. It's that any negative consequences from marijuana pale in comparison to the negative consequences from liquor
I dump the canned fruit into a bowl before I eat it. Let's me feel elegant beyond my means.
Free speech included dumb tattoos. You'd actually have to catch him in the act in to arrest him. Plus it's legal lots of places.
This makes me sad
Therefore we shouldn't even try to improve?
I think you trimmed your pubes too short
*find the victims of human trafficking, and ARREST THEM* /s
Poor people often make expensive decisions that keep them in poverty.
Every rule, no matter how bizarre, was made for a reason
with a dildo hand crafted from rusty barbed wire
&gt; not royalty In Ohio, elected members of the legislature are allowed to enter the legislature's offices without security digging through their bags. Unless they're black.
Old white men don't have their briefcases searched while going to work
&gt; both parties have problems Being in love isn't a problem for them. It's a problem for us.
It starts out small, barely noticeable. It's gradually getting worse. Like boiling a frog .
Until another baker surfaces, one with a different set of '"deeply held religious beliefs". Hypothetically, it could be another baker's "deeply held religious beliefs" that gays should all be dead. A cake celebrating that a homosexual has survived another year is patently offensive to a person who believes homosexuals should be dead.
What message did they want on the cake? Jack Phillips turned them away before design discussion could begin.
Irrelevant. Only the baker can decide which parts of his scripture to ignore.
What was particular about this commission? Jack Phillips turned them away before design discussion could begin
How do you know ? Were you there with Jesus 24/7 ?
You and I would think so. The SCOTUS thinks differently here .
Even *the exact same cake before* wouldn't matter, because Jack Phillips puts his heart and soul into whatever any cake might celebrate, and he can't celebrate marriage between 2 guys.
That's exactly how it worked today.
Therefore, the cake for Big Gay Al's birthday has to come from the freezer and we have to write *Big Gay Al* ourselves , where the generic cake design leaves lots of space after the artistic *Happy Birthday* lettering. But we can't ask the baker to write that if the baker believes gays should all be dead.
Saying "this is my sincere belief" is the only demonstration required. I'm not sure where you're getting some minimum requirement beyond the declaration.
Unless you never buy gasoline, you depending upon your lessers doing this *not a real job* for your existence
Meanwhile, many people who are sincerely worshipping do so while kneeling. Because kneeling is a sign of ________________
Nobody watches during the National Anthem anyway, except maybe some people seated in the stadium waiting for the game. When that song starts, many football fans watching at home deploy the snacks or use the toilet.
Their annual salary isn't broken down by minutes. It's a complicated formula negotiated between each player's agent and a representative for the team owner(s), they may get paid less if they miss an entire game, but it's not broken down by the minute. And if it was an hourly time clock position, they would clock in in the locker room before putting on uniforms and not clock out until they take off the uniform. It's not the employee players *own time* while he's in uniform.
Is it a disruptive protest? That might make a difference. Kneeling while most are standing? Not a disruption. Marching onto the field carrying picket signs during the game? Someone wearing stripes is going to blow a whistle and drop a handkerchief . At the minimum.
Is kneeling disrepectful? Every knight who gets knighted kneels before the queen. Utter disrepect!
Kneeling during the national anthem, while everyone else is just standing doesn't take away any *work* time.
In the 1860s Wyoming wanted to get promoted from mere territory to actual state. But there weren't enough voters. So they decided to let women vote. And then there were enough voters to qualify for statehood. The state motto was briefly *The Suffrage State* before *The Equality State* was adopted. And that was the very last thing this state wilfully did to promote equality.
&gt; ... males If it wasn't for women voters in the 1860s, there wouldn't have been enough voters to qualify for statehood. Women were *only* granted voting rights at that time *so that* Wyoming could become a state.
She won better working conditions for everyone still working there
Maybe those *property taxes* are actually *rent* and the county tax assessor owns "your" home. Stop paying property taxes and see what happens
Jesus loves everyone. If only his followers were so loving.
In the 21st century, couldn't we as borrowers / consumers of credit authorize specific data sharing driven by us and our needs? Before credit bureaus, borrowers would get letters from existing creditors to give to next lenders. I can do all sorts of things with various lenders online. Asking them to release my history to a particular party at particular time could be on another tab near *show me my last 14 statements as PDF* Uber was invented some years ago. I don't have to phone a taxi office where a dispatcher uses a radio to tell a driver where I want picked up. Tl;Dr perhaps modern technology can make credit bureaus obsolete
There wasn't anything comfortable about PE to justify a *comfort boner*. Maybe we suffered the very similar *awkwardness boner*
P.S. The existence of credit bureaus is neither a prerequisite for nor an assurance of responsible lending.
How much deeper into debt do you think households could go?
You don't understand that this quarter's stock price is the only thing that matters
Well at least DHHS is making as effort to keep pedos out. Tip: only some senators are pedos, better keep all of them out just to be sure
But not impossible
Or use GPS to disqualify / disallow / or reduce the weight of reviews that come from Yelp users who haven't been there
And 45 seconds
Lots of Americans hate-review the wrong restaurant. Of this there's no doubts. Was this action precipitated by or influenced by Russian bots? It's more likely that a mindless mob followed a thought leader to the wrong restaurant than thousands of bootstrappy independent thinkers all finding the wrong restaurant independently at basically the same time
Why not remove reviews that originated in other states. *I'm among thousands of people who ate at this terrible restaurant in a state where I haven't been recently and didn't bother to post a review until much later - we were all independently inspired to write a negative review of a far away place on the same day*
Late 1990s. A friend said he saw my naked pictures among the slide show on the screen at the gay leather bar.
I get that as a banner ad. I don't even have to check email.
A six pack later and that wacko would have sucked your dick.
Even in State Legislatures? Because after Roe v Wade is eliminated, each state legislature could replace restrictive anti-abortion laws with something more freedom-based.
That's not how elections get scheduled under our US Constitution
It's too soon to get tested for HIV
That's the way you understand it, because you aren't on a jury hearing from a the rapist's defense lawyer. The way the defense lawyers will explain things , it might not be such a clear case to the jury
&gt; ... opinion a minority unto itself The rapist's defense lawyer will have a very similar opinion, and be a lot better at expressing it in a way that sways the jury.
Downvoted because you deny that the top 10% and the elite aren't the same
Where would the rich move to when the rest of the developed world funds healthcare with higher taxes?
People could still choose to refuse treatment, even if not forced into that choice by economic disparity
*If God made man from dirt, why is there still dirt?*
The sky is like a ceiling, and very close. The ceiling in my bedroom is different than in my kitchen. Like my house has different sections of ceiling with different finish, color, etc - the sky has different patterns on different sections.
*I'll buy stocks instead of food because government intervention in the markets* Also: "you are doing that too much try again is **N** minutes" is the opposite of the freedom you dumb cucks claim to worship.
Not-really-lawmaker here. My hypothetical spouse inherited a house but we already have a house so we set up an LLC to make the inherited house into a rental. Our LLC can still buy and sell stocks, even if I can't.
Are you in the Baltimore area? Baltimore and 6 counties area have a separate Ryan White program from the rest of Maryland. https://health.baltimorecity.gov/hiv-std-services/ryan-white-program Call them and tell them where you live. If your outside of the area served by the Baltimore Ryan White program, I'm sure they can tell you how to reach the Ryan White program for the rest of the state.
The landlord isn't going to release the employed person from the lease while allowing the deadbeat to stay and *hoping* the deadbeat becomes responsible.
On the other hand: if his book of fables is the only thing keeping him from raping his daughter , I hope for her sake that he stays with his religion
Those Aren't COGS.
Wrong. The COGS line on IRS tax forms is only for stuff purchased wholesale and resold retail. All those other legitimate business expenses belong on other lines other than the COGS line.
Ok Mr Tax Genius, scroll up and tell the people who think Utilities, Rent, Repairs, and other stuff that belongs on Schedule C Part 2 Expenses can be deducted again in Part 3 COGS. Furthermore, since you're the expert, explain why cannabis farmers should or shouldn't use Schedule F , and which expenses should be deducted on both Schedule F and and Schedule C
A tax attorney who doesn't understand tax forms is an idiot. You don't need to write a memo, you need to reconcile you GED in Bird Law with the IRS instructions that accompany the IRS forms. Putting an expense on the wrong line, or the same expense on multiple lines, really is something you should be concerned about, because people go to prison for that shit
*earlier* &gt; I don't give two flying fucks where you put your expenses *more recent* &gt; You list your expenses in the appropriate lines You've lost any credibility you might have ever had
&gt; about $300 per hour below my pay grade And yet you're here trolling reddit. But it OK because you'll bill multiple clients for the same time *not spent on any of them*
One giant generator can to operated by a handful of expert engineers working full time on nothing other than that generating station. Tiny ones don't warrant full time experts to manage each of them
*rat refuses to board sinking ship*
You should proceed to get STI testing on your way to a divorce attorney
&gt; Service Unavailable The server is temporarily unable to service your request due to maintenance downtime or capacity problems. Please try again later. &gt; Additionally, a 503 Service Unavailable error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.
Yes
Wrong . The capitalist doesn't want others to have the same, because then he won't have better than everyone else.
People who have to choose between Ramen and getting that chronic cough checked out by a doctor spread Tuberculosis throughout the community. Welcome to AnCap Utopia.
&gt; under new ownership All financial institutions prioritize the interests of the owners above anything else. Credit Unions are owned by the members.
That's going to teach Nike an economic lesson. They still made the sale when the shoes were new, and weren't forced to deduct a refund from investor dividends. This is really going to hurt them were it counts /S
Get a shampoo / body wash with a strong fragrance and make him wash that fishy smell off his junk before you hit it
People make economic decisions based on perceptions, not reality. .
Most cards calculate cash back using your purchases, not your statement balance.
Why not blame criminals?
After all those orgies there's really no telling whether that grandbaby is related to your husband, his brother, or their parents. Especially the prospective probably-not-grandparents. Do they really want to dote on and spoil a child unrelated to them? If there is one thing for OP to say to MIL and FIL, it's that BIL's wife's baby probably isn't family.
At this point, ghosting the inlaws is the far superior option especially compared to escalating venom.
Escalating might make for good movie script material, but ghosting is by far the best life strategy here
&gt; sitcom I think you misspelled Made for LifeTime TV murder suicide movie
Of course people would gladly choose to live rez style after being raised in the relative affluence of most of America
Smarter and harder working are two of the three legs under the Success stool. Without LUCK , the stool topples. In the case of inherited wealth, the hard work and being smarter came from previous generations.
&gt; mutually beneficial transactions It's this crap job and even worse pay rate OR sleeping under a bridge. Of course exploited workers *choose*
It's *beneficial* in that sleeping in a shack is better than sleeping outdoors. P. S. The rent on the shack you sleep in is going up 5%
If involved parties negotiate the value of the trade as equals, you'd be on to something. The Capitalist and the Laborer don't have equal leverage in this transaction. When the Laborer demands higher pay because the car needs new tires, the Capitalist demands that the Laborer depart the premesis to make way for some other desperate soul who will work cheaper.
Not all Tribal Per Capita income is taxable. The source of the funds (how/where the tribe got the money) determines the taxable status. Income from natural resources (coal, oil, timber, grazing leases) isn't taxable. Income from Casino , Hotel, is taxable. The Northern Arapahoe Tribe of the Wind River Indian Reservation PerCap is about $50/month tax free. Is $50/month enough to support your weed/slacker lifestyle? Despite owning the most successful Casino in Wyoming, their entire PerCap is from natural resources. They use Casino money for tribal uses other than Per Capita Distribution to members. Things like roads, housing, healthcare, commodity food assistance, education, childcare/headstart- basically anything that helps their people *without* giving them direct payments.
Too bad it's not YouTube. v.reddit doesn't work on my phone.
It's not beneficial to the makers of high calorie foods. Some of whom will surely sue to overturn any regulation which compels then to "speak" a message that might discourage a consumer from buying their products.
Post the graphs of the allegedly more meaningful "quality of life at the bottom" measurements
While the "affordability" even after subsidies remains elusive for many middle class families, people *below* the poverty line in states that didn't expand Medicaid are also getting "shafted".
Wrong. It's our responsibility as voters to give periodic performance reviews of our elected legislators. Senators get reviewed and possibly replaced (if we want to replace them) every 6 years, Members of the House of Representatives, every 2 years. It's our own fault if we don't elect a different face once in a while
Other than the few survivors telling about it, the great flood(s) of ancient mythology killed everyone --in the whole world-- *the survivors knew of*
Will you hike the Continental Divide Trail next?
My taxes fund primary elections, and I'm going to get the ballot that might have a few choices on it. Don't like it? Hold a privately funded convention instead of a publicly administered primary election.
Don't shave
CDT has grizzlies too
Some parts are redacted to protect ongoing investigations. These are marked HOM (harm ongoing matter). One of the ongoing investigations at the time the report was released ??? weeks ago had since been completed. Hence the recently unsealed voice mail transcript from Flynn's attorney's voice mail box.
I've read much of it, don't have a law degree, and understand it fine. Take a look for yourself https://www.justice.gov/storage/report.pdf
Justin Amash (R Michigan 3rd district) read it. He said Trump should be impeached.
There are Summaries contained within. The Table of Contents can help you find them, one Summary for each of 2 volumes. https://www.justice.gov/storage/report.pdf
Read it and see
&gt; heavily redacted No it isn't https://www.justice.gov/storage/report.pdf
https://youtu.be/QWLBtMz5OuY jump to 8:11 if you're impatient
That depends on the jurisdiction. Some places hold your information *confidential* and only release it outside law enforcement and government to 3rd parties who explain why they need to know and sends a letter to the registered owner identifying who requested your info. Then again some crooked attorneys know some crooked cops who will look up info about a license plate for no reason.
You know, there's pretty much no evidence that Trump has ties to Russia, except for the... Flynn Thing Manafort Thing Tillerson Thing Sessions Thing Kushner Thing Wray Thing Morgan, Lewis, &amp; Bockius "Russian Law Firm of the Year" Thing Carter Page Thing Roger Stone Thing Felix Sater Thing Boris Epshteyn Thing Rosneft Thing Gazprom Thing (see above) Sergey Gorkov banker Thing Azerbaijan Thing "I Love Putin" Thing Lavrov Thing Sergey Kislyak Thing Oval Office Thing Gingrich Kislyak Phone Calls Thing Russian Business Interest Thing Emoluments Clause Thing Alex Schnaider Thing Hack of the DNC Thing Guccifer 2.0 Thing Mike Pence "I don't know anything" thing Trump's public request to Russia to hack Hillary's email Thing Trump house sale for $100 million at the bottom of the housing bust to the Russian fertilizer king Thing Russian fertilizer king's plane showing up in Concord, NC during Trump rally campaign Thing Nunes sudden flight to the White House in the night Thing Nunes personal investments in the Russian winery Thing Cyprus bank Thing Trump not Releasing his Tax Returns Thing the Republican Party's rejection of an amendment to require Trump to show his taxes thing Election Hacking Thing GOP platform change to the Ukraine Thing Steele Dossier Thing Sally Yates Can't Testify Thing Intelligence Community's Investigative Reports Thing Trump reassurance that the Russian connection is all "fake news" Thing Chaffetz not willing to start an Investigation Thing Chaffetz suddenly deciding to go back to private life in the middle of an investigation Thing Appointment of Pam Bondi who was bribed by Trump in the Trump University scandal appointed to head the investigation Thing The White House going into cover-up mode, refusing to turn over the documents related to the hiring and firing of Flynn Thing Chaffetz and White House blaming the poor vetting of Flynn on Obama Thing Poland and British intelligence gave information regarding the hacking back in 2015 to Paul Ryan and he didn't do anything Thing Agent M16 following the money thing Trump team KNEW about Flynn's involvement but hired him anyway Thing Let's Fire Comey Thing Election night Russian trademark gifts Things Russian diplomatic compound electronic equipment destruction Thing let's give back the diplomatic compounds back to the Russians Thing Let's Back Away From Cuba Thing Donny Jr met with Russians Thing Donny Jr emails details "Russian Government's support for Trump" Thing Trump's secret second meeting with his boss Putin Thing **The Trump tweet admitting Russia helped get him elected Thing**
Only if you didn't read it. . https://www.justice.gov/storage/report.pdf Start reading
&gt; if I had to pay 3% of my __middle class__ net worth... Maybe you're the one who hasn't thoroughly read the Warren Plan
You misspelled *WAS*
&gt; sugar Which the yeast eats and then poops out ethanol
I know there's dozens of versions but I haven't compared them to this level of detail. Yet, I doubt there is a version where Noah doesn't get drunk.
A poorly managed restaurant desperate for a dishwasher might cash your paycheck from the restaurant's cash register the first and maybe 2nd pay period because you told them you lost your ID. Walk off the job if/when management gets tired of not having your I9 properly completed
Cigarettes just went up at the corner gas station near me. The new price is $7.08 per pack. Wyoming
Wrong. It makes more sense to read the report first. Then get testimony from the various witnesses and co-conspirators mentioned in the report. By reading the report Congress can find out everything Mueller might say under questioning.
As President Pence ushers in the age of Gilead. *under his eye*
Buttery Males, featuring Ben Ghazi
&gt; what we already know Most Republicans don't know and won't know until they see key points of the investigation on CSPAN video
Lots of places only have one broadband provider
This one is broken into sections http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
Get most of the Trump campaign and transition team testimony before Congress on CSpan then share the shit out of it
Why block the only remaining useable lane ? Why didn't you park on the shoulder in front if the perpetrator? Emergency responders are stuck in the traffic jam behind you, and that traffic jam is worse because of you.
*yes, but was he legally impaired* - his defense attorney and then the habitual drunk driver on the jury.
&gt; scare him into changing You underestimate how powerfully alchohol addiction rules the lives of drunks
&gt; pending notification of her family Surprise! They already recognize her car in the video.
Shooting drunk drivers on the spot would be more of a fascist totalitarian thing. Especially when the driver is Javier.
Apparently you're unfamiliar with the quality of roads in Latin America which doesn't have wide medians with walls
&gt; what these people did If you're ever in a situation like this, don't park in the only remaining useable lane. You can ~~render aid~~ *gawk* just as well parked behind or in front of the perpetrator
Last week I took a load of trash debris etc to the landfill. On my way back, the bed of my pickup was **empty**. Was I supposed to haul someone else's rubbish home with me to avoid empty pickup syndrome? /u/censormetimbers has not thought this through
And don't park in the only useable lane while gawking. Park behind or in front of the perpetrator.
Lots of drunk drivers do so without licenses. The car doesn't ask to see your license before letting you drive.
Across Oregon? Javier came to California from Washington State.
That would be a great program too
You misspelled *unborn teenagers*
&gt; babies You misspelled *unborn teenagers*
If you think lending and giving are the same thing I need you to lend me $1000000
Sort of maybe similar https://abortionfunds.org/need-abortion/#funds
When confronted on the issue, one politician seemed to confirm that she can always get an abortion if she doesn't know she's pregnant
*back door no babies*
&gt; personhood If bodily autonomy is an aspect of that, dead women have more of it than live women
&gt; child You misspelled *unborn teenager*
*six weeks since her last period* Isn't *one month before delivery* &gt; libertarian Your poor understand of biology and human sexuality suggests you may also be an incel
Men don't have uteruses. If they did, abortion would be a trivial practically drive-thru procedure
Nevada just removed several restrictions on abortion
Great. Another reason to not watch the road.
GPS is the allegedly trusted source. All the phone did was relay the data to the cloud.
*I know of another job opening closer to my home and I'm going to get it before my also-getting-canned co-workers*
*I'll just help myself to this high speed color laser print on my way out*
Which party most recently had crushing electoral losses in the House?
They can learn to be consistent in presenting a caller-ID that's a legitimate callback number.
See STIR/SHAKEN https://transnexus.com/whitepapers/understanding-stir-shaken/
&gt; never Human beings used to be bought and sold at auction like farm equipment
What's the best way to clean poop from inside a diving suit?
Does it also show the camera angle from below?
&gt; we are the customers * *advertisers* are the paying customers * *our attention* is the product being sold to the paying customers * *sensationalism* is the "bait" that delivers our attention to the advertisers
One of the most valuable features of my smartphone is GPS (not a private sector product)
*"the tenth caller who knows the radio station word of the day wins a dinner at the local restaurant and an entry in the big drawing for a car"*
I got fiber to my doorstep and I'm so far out in the boonies that a trip to Walmart and back is 3 hours and for half of that drive there's no cellphone service
But you didn't *volunteer* to pay that so TaXat!0n iS tHefT
Were you delivered by cesarean section? If not, there's always been one of the triplets who is "oldest" by virtue of being the first one out.
Online fundraising had resulted in billboards with important but uncomfortable (to some) messages
This alone makes him unfit to hold the office of President. In my opinion. If 67 % of both houses of Congress agreed with me on this he could be impeached and removed.
What the fuck makes you think you get to controls other people's uteruses?
listen? http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
Right wing media outlets are usually more flattering to Donald. Edit: I mischaracterized Haaretz based on the anti-AOC survey question
Fox News
I think Bill Gates should get as much or more Social Security benefits than a grandmother who worked menial service sector jobs off and on for 50 years
Social Security is insurance against being forced to eat from garbage cans and sleep under bridges in your golden years. Warren Buffett doesn't have an claim against that insurance
Self employed and earning over $128,400 single (double that for married couples) is not a significant portion of the voting population.
Many posters are unaware that Social Security is insurance against being forced to sleep under bridges and eat from garbage cans in your golden years. Some people won't have a claim against this insurance because they have 8 houses and dividend income from their investments that puts them at higher income than full time retail clerks
&gt; $100,000 / year Most people make less
The Disabled should have planned to be able bodied their whole lives
No, just the women.
&gt; children You misspelled *unborn octagenarians*
&gt; infant You misspelled *unborn adolescent*
&gt; infant You misspelled *unborn teenager*
Its not illegal to build a clinic
Maybe you should foster unwanted embryos in your uterus
&gt; babies You misspelled *unborn adolescents*
&gt; profits There are none. Planned Parenthood is non-profit.
About that .... I'm 99.85% certain he eats bacon
&gt; just because someone is evil there's also his ongoing obsession with gay sex. He thinks about penis in anus more often than most well-adjusted gay dudes.
&gt; going on in this guy's brain *don't think about juicy delicious throbbing cock. don't think about juicy delicious throbbing cock. don't think about juicy delicious throbbing cock. don't think about juicy delicious throbbing cock.* probably
I'm in my 50s. It's too late for me to become a child actor.
Maybe I don't want you to think your petty issue deserves my immediate attention. Which is why I waited 6 hours after your comment to reply.
Some don't realize. Being oblivious is a thing
There are only two escalators in the entire state of Wyoming. Some people just aren't familiar with the technology
Upvote because I should be mopping the floor and restocking convenience store crap right now
Most people in their 70s and 80s won't see enough self-driving cars to actually get one to take them somewhere
Just call the number and chat with the volunteer.
Get elected to the condo board then fight to keep fees/dues low
&gt; lucky to be alive Without his penis? I guess bad luck is still luck
The power of *Miracles*
Tens of thousands of progressives stayed home rather than vote for Hillary
Apparently reading the Mueller report is beyond your capacity. Try the podcast http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
If the economy is so great, why are there more boarded up storefronts on Main Street USA now than at the peak of the Bush recession?
My net costs would be lower paying taxes *instead of* tuition, fees, premiums, copays, etc. Y'all AnCap fools prefer to pay more
Listen to the podcast http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
Math
catholic school
put a few drops of Mrs Stewart's Liquid Bluing in the rinse cycle
Sometimes *Silence is Golden* . Oral sex is advisable if you can't figure out anything else to do with your mouth while taking a break from incessant talking .
Unless your jawbone explodes into razor sharp bone shrapnel.
It's important we get this info to the ammosexuals so they avoid diagnostic imaging and die sooner of undiagnosed cancers
There's no GOP outrage over concentration camps anywhere.
Why would the GOP ever have outrage over concentration camps?
George Takei made the mistake of being a 5 year old boy of Japanese ancestry /s
&gt; nice city with parks and stuff As if the only possibilities are * Club Med or * no toothbrush and sleeping on concrete floor with a sheet of aluminum foil as a blanket. Because you think that's safe and sanitary?
Prison inmates generally have better sleeping accommodations than cold concrete floor under 24hour lights with only aluminum foil blankets. Prison inmates generally have access to soap occasionally. Unlike detainees in US Concentration Camps
While a gun isn't guaranteed to fire itself while getting pulled into an MRI , the example in the article above did. Granted, it would fire a maximum of one times under this scenario, significantly fewer rounds than a shooter who might even reload
&gt; answer at some point Why? How?
I think John Roberts usually knows that. Not sure he can always convince Gorsuch, Kavanagh, or even Thomas
The Uber you called wasn't going in the same direction. It was waiting for someone to need a ride. Try harder.
There aren't 67 senators willing to eject McConnell. Not even after the best possible next election.
Her client is the United States of America. In what way it in in the best interests of USA to deny soap and toothbrushes to child inmates in Concentration Camps?
Why can't she also introduce legislation doing the same thing as a Senator?
If it's a sparrow, feed it to cats. Sparrows and other invasive species don't need saving.
Some pregnant people don't find out their fetus only has one third of a brain stem and its outside the skull until 3rd trimester. As for people who *merely don't want to be pregnant*, they don't wait until 3rd trimester. They get a procedure while their un-pregnant clothes still fit.
Since you're unable/unwilling to read the Mueller report, there's a podcast https://muellerreport.libsyn.com/
The conservative "pro life" position is that a woman does not have autonomy over her own body.
Perhaps a letter to the editor in several of your home state newspapers is in order
Advise you FauxNews watching acquaintances to listen to the podcast http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
In what way are *impeachment* hearings different from *committee* hearings?
Mueller wasn't tasked with investigating collusion. Since reading is beyond your capacity, try the podcast http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
If you don't want to install Audible , this podcast doesn't require any apps http://muellerreport.libsyn.com/website
Governor Weld is running. It's your duty to spread the word and *primary* Trump
It's nice of you to try to explain tariffs to Donald Trump, but you lost him at 141 characters
If NY and Cali allocated EC votes proportionally instead of winner-takes-all they wouldn't be such large automatic Democrat blocks. States should switch to allocating EC votes in proportion. If Florida did that in 2016 , both Trump and Clinton would have gotten 14 from Florida
The checks and balances only work when we use them. The Senate is derelict in their duties
Nothing I've ever registered in 5 decades has ever been confiscated. Maybe you're lying and your lies help make ammosexuals look stupider.
The Supreme Court won't touch a state deciding how to allocate their EC votes. Maine already does it the way I suggested.
Is there a branch office of Church of Satan in this particular small town? I don't think it makes sense to have someone (clergy) who aren't part of the community do invocation when they don't know and aren't part of the community.
&gt; wish so many evangelicals weren't so clueless. The ones who got clues found reason and left religion
There may be other differences , but don't think the rest of the world has multimillion dollar bonuses for insurance executives and pharmaceutical executives.
You can probably tell the card issuer to stop paying that payee without canceling your card account
There's plenty of more poors where the sickly one came from.
The 2nd A in AA is for anonymity. It's none of your fucking business who is a sponsor or who has a sponsor. Mind your own god damned business
China is where the really affordable ones are made
On the one hand, the Trump administration has a really hard time telling the truth.
Politico https://www.politico.com/news/2020/01/03/impeachment-justice-department-democrats-trump-court-093088
CNN https://www.cnn.com/2020/01/03/politics/court-of-appeals-separation-of-powers-don-mcgahn/index.html
Ahh yes, the trees. *The forest was shrinking but the trees kept voting for the axe as its handle was made of wood and they thought it was one of them.* Don't be a tree
&gt; Never underestimate the stupidity of republican voters. Which is overwhelmed by the apathy of many many more
Find a Ryan White Case Manager near you https://findhivcare.hrsa.gov/
Transgender people generally just want to pee and or poop and really couldn't care less what shape genitals might be in the adjacent stall
Thanks for noticing.
To be fair, significantly fewer people want to see him nude
... bush, whatever
ewww I threw up in my mouth a bit
*donates* in this case
Donate to Australian firefighting and send her the receipt
Congratulations, and Welcome to Critical Thinking
There's lots of ways for an engine to fail. Bursting into flames and igniting everything nearby isn't impossible .
Lying has been normalized by the US President
The Military-Industrial Complex needs war. And connon fodder.
You're not supposed to eat them
Couldn't happen to a more deserving drunk driver
Republicans don't understand reality when it conflicts with ideology
https://trumpgolfcount.com/
Are you sure you've read the US Constitution? The Founding Fathers clearly identified taxation as necessary.
How do other primates kickstart infants digestive fauna?
*Government Cheese* is just as much welfare for Dairy Farms as it is Welfare for the Poors.
Fewer people show up for demonstrations, protests, and riots when they are kept busy with 3 jobs
Plumbers somehow still earn a living. Barely.
Can a billionaire use more feminine hygiene products than a poor woman? Probably. But not thousands of times more.
If you think median sucks, wait until you see indian reservations
Somehow high school kids are available at all hours to staff 24/7 fast food
People who say that wouldn't last an hour in a busy fast food
Whoo hooo Good for you And the other 50% ? Fuck them
Any critters maimed by falling tubers ?
Congratulations. You have been appointed moderator of r/Mumbai
The Senate trial on Donald Trump's impeachment charges needs to call Parnas as a witness
I'm going to poop soon enough (I hope) and I'll flush then.
Do you and your parents follow the incest tradition founded by Adam and Eve? Who did their children marry?
&gt; oil I think we're talking about coal
The declining price and output of coal suggests coal use is declining because of dwindling demand. If production was dwindling because of regulation, scarcity, whatever while demand was holding steady, the price would go up. https://www.focus-economics.com/commodities/energy/thermal-coal
Or as libertarians see it, taxation
More so that you've ever been or will ever be
This wouldn't be illegal if Congress deregulated these activities. Is that what you want?
Zero instances of abuse of office to get personal benefit in an upcoming election from a foreign person or government
Let her. Help her move furniture and document the comfort level. Is proof ever worth anything?
How much carbon is sequestered from the atmosphere in all that plastic?
A brand spanking new car is very unlikely to develop the problems and annoyances you've mentioned for many years to come. Our 2004 Pontiac starts quite reliably with the one exception of that time the gas station delivery driver put diesel in the premium. But the defroster? It's a lot better than it was before we power blasted the heater core, but still doesn't warm up as good as our 97 F150
Are there *good* times to be a jerk?
Y'all Queda
If the costs are higher or just barely lower than the revenue, what does only the revenue tell you? I own a laundromat. I've participated in several industry-specific message boards etc for many years. There is a poster with a signature block of "volume is vanity profit is sanity". This allows him to reply with nothing more than a blank space every time someone asks "there's another laundry 3 miles away and it looked busy when I went to size up the competition. Should I convert to 'free dry' or lower my prices"? Revenue in the absence of other figures isn't useful by itself.
Perhaps the conversation is in a workplace
Is this Trump's *Benghazi* ?
All the more reason to get testimony from Parnas
And some, I'm sure, are working three jobs.
&gt; Moscow Mitch has set the rules ... I would like to read the rules.
Without tax reform, factories won't pay the taxes coal used to pay
Roberts should eject Pat Cipollone https://lawandcrime.com/impeachment/calls-for-pat-cipollones-disbarment-swell-after-brazen-lack-of-candor-during-impeachment-trial/
It's almost as if Donald Trump didn't know all he had to do was get a conference call with Pompeo and Yovanovitch and say something like "Marie, I want you in Nicaragua now to fight illegal immigration" Or anywhere for any purpose really; a president doesn't have to explain himself when shuffling ambassadors.
ELI5, or gtfo
Did OAN tell you Senator Wyden said something else, or that someone else said it? If OAN never mentions it, does that mean it didn't happen?
Was Donald Trump so stupid as to be unaware that all he has to do to get an ambassador to leave some place is reassign her to Timbuktu or Guatemala
Pompeo should try this unlabeled map test on Donald Trump
Imagine the President of the United States couldn't find Ukraine on an unlabeled map. *we don't have to imagine*
Maybe the Senate should depose her again regarding this?
You're probably right because the President is functionally illiterate
How does a passenger pay cash for uber and lyft ?
The ones who were watching Fox, especially those who only watched briefly, might have heard Fox Opinion and Entertainment talking heads speaking over House Managers, whose voices were muted at times.
I've read that they hypothetically could but it would take a relatively small number to thwart secret ballots
I'm not sure about Las Vegas, but there's this https://www.predictit.org/markets/detail/5914/Will-the-Senate-convict-Donald-Trump-on-impeachment-in-his-first-term
I don't think impeachment is "overturning an election". I think it's holding the president accountable to the constitution. While the US Constitution doesn't have a provision to "overturn" an election, common understanding suggests an "overturned" election would put the 2nd place candidate as winner. If the senate removes Donald Trump, Mike Pence - not Hillary Clinton - becomes POTUS 46
You could accuse Scandinavian policies of causing Venezuela
I don't pick up stuff I'm not going to buy. Why don't more people use a shopping list and keep to it?
Seriously. If the president of the United States wants an Ambassador to be somewhere else , all he has to do is reassign her to some other post. *hello Marie. This is Donald. I want you to pack your bags and be Ambassador in Costa Rica now* Why the fuck was Sondland, ambassador to EU , doing Ukraine policy? Trump could have easily told these 2 ambassadors to trade posts and never have to explain anything to anyone. It's not like the military aid, where he is required by law (which he ignored anyway) to report any delay promptly to Congress.
I first heard of venmo on January 16th when Discover Card texted me to ask if I authorized 772.50 to it. I phoned and told them I never heard of it. I have a new card number now and I have a payment in limbo because it was already on the way before my old card was canceled and got to them after the new card was activated. I'm sure they'll figure it out and credit my account eventually.
&gt; .$500 daily max According to the text I got from Discover Card, someone tried to fund $722.50 from my card to their venmo. Was discover card lying about this amount?
I'm sure you said the right thing
Can't even hunt to feed your children?
IDK, but that's methed up
They always hang up on me when I ask if my 1997 pickup is really eligible for extended warranty. Despite each call being my "final notice", they always call back again, but my 22 year old truck never gets any newer. Should I tell them it's a 2017 instead of 1997, and then when we get to detail give them the actual VIN of my '97?
He could guide them through changing the rules before they break them
Is your friend in a state that was close last time?
&gt; go to church a photo op holding a bible he will never open
He says it's a bible, but he never opened one and would not be able to identify a fake even if he opened this one from the photo opp
This is excellent news ... *for alcoholic rodents*
I'm no senior software engineer, but the morons who left the system open to this kind of abuse should never work in coding again.
In Trump's case *okay Google find a church near me* is the primary aspect
The proximity is the most relevant factor here
Why do the police never break up Klan meetings? *they're also members*
Yes, same as why nobody ever sees Clark Kent and Superman standing next to each other
Too many
Why are people freaking out about *any person's cause du joir* when influenza kills more people each year?
He might try, but the elections in my county are run by the County Clerk. She isn't going to abandon her Constitutional duties (and miss her election night moment in the spotlight) for Donald Trump. Thousands of County Clerks are similarly situated.
Unless you hang dry, the dryer is hotter and more disinfecting than the washer
We don't know if the pre-video portion of the encounter included *"excuse me sir, there is no smoking allowed on the trolley platform. There's an ashtray over by the turnstile"* But I seriously doubt it given the transit police attitudes in San Diego.
&gt; No one is above the law. Don't gaslight me; Donald Trump is above the law and I'm seeing the evidence of it every day
As for geriatrics shoved to the ground and bleeding, first determine whether they are in custody. If not, walk on by.
US soldiers are better trained than most US police Edit: USA; some nations have better trained police and some have worse trained soldiers
Many looked forward to the job change because they want to fuck people up and be rewarded with paid vacation instead of punished and possibly demoted or imprisoned.
May we still bash Trump for things he made worse?
*taxes pay ALL cops*
Mandatory sentencing guidelines won't help prosecutors decide which cases to prosecute and which to drop; skin color still helps make those decisions
are you talking about Baron, Eric, Don Jr, and Ivanka? They will never be aware of the suffering their father caused the world.
The top post, for starters.
Before I made breakfast this morning, I said " I'm going to make breakfast". Then I did. Am I a murderer now?
Try harder; math isn't a liberal conspiracy.
He's of no use to Putin after the White House assignment. Under the bus he goes. Maybe his diet coke gets spiked with polonium while evading US arrest shuttling between his various international properties.
She's got a good number of videos, always a good laugh and sometimes food for thought
Motivation to improve one's lifestyle towards healthier is better than no motivation. Trying to get laid has been a strong motivator throughout evolution
Mark Zuckerberg doesn't want you to have larger organic reach
On the other hand, I think it's easier now for asthmatics to reproduce compared to prehistoric times when fertile women were more likely to be impregnated by victors and other guys she couldn't outrun
Stop eating cooked food because fire can also kill
Perhaps you're unaware that President isn't the only elected position.
There are more elected positions than US President. If you had ever voted you might remember that.
Were you there? How long was the line for white people in Republican precincts?
Voting by mail doesn't force people to gather together during a pandemic. Wisconsin Republicans blocked mail voting because they wanted pandemic avoidance to reduce voter participation
[Citation needed] supposedly you already followed the money and can document the money trail showing Trump owned by non-US investors
Prove it
Add Wyoming Senator John Barrasso to your list
With regards to distancing and race All the deaths in my county are native Americans despite white people being the vast majority. Does that mean Arapahos don't wash hands? Or should we look deeper and find a housing shortage. Many families on the reservation have more generations under one roof than bedrooms. It's nearly impossible to isolate one member of the family when the house is so crowded. When one person catches a cold flu etc, the whole house catches it
Zuckerberg put Tucker Carlson's Daily Caller on Facebook's fact-checking team
Trump is not *fine*
We don't leave frail elders in charge of difficult decisions affecting millions
FDR survived Polio *maybe* Trump has stage 3 syphilis or something else causing his symptoms In any case, he's obviously not fit for this job
*b0tH s!deS bAd* No. Trump is vastly less competent than Biden
*not sufficiently competent to hire a tailor to fit a suit* *has the authority to launch the world's largest nuclear arsenal*
&gt; at least he's *honest* Words mean things see and you have no idea what honesty is
Prove it
He's incompetent. Physically *and* Mentally
If you can't tell that Trump is less competent than Biden, you're in no condition to vote.
Putin thanks you for voting 3rd party and getting Trump reelected
The bullet is sterile from the heat of being fired. You don't need antibiotics.
There's plenty of gullible morons still supporting him
If kneeling is so disrespectful why do brides accept marriage proposals from kneeling suitors ?
thanks! I look forward to weeks in jail while lawyers get the case dismissed.
A hairy man scantily clad in a Hooters uniform. Because this is what servers wear.
Should a Catholic church be forced to hire a priest from the Satanic Temple?
Secular charities have to pay taxes and/or account for their exempt activities in order to claim exemption. i.e. unlike churches, secular charities have to prove their charity work
If churches can't consider applicant/employee religious affiliations in employment decisions ....
Making hiring decisions based on someone's marital status is illegal. Yet the catholic church cannot be compelled to hire a married priest and could fire a priest for getting married. Are we sure those exemptions should be removed?
The better word is *intact* As in *her lips gently pushed back the foreskin of his intact penis*
*our team rules your team drools* *this isn't a game*
Zero hours training required for most adults to buy a gun in mine and some other states
Yes Are you going to do anything about reining in your own?
Clearly the lesser evil for next prez
Insurance requires actuarial data, which requires understanding of statistics. The fired person doesn't have the math understanding for insurance work.
You got fired for sucking cock. Might as well suck some cock then.
&gt; PR There's also the abject failure to understand statistics, an essential part of a actuarial analysis
He's bad at statistics and therefore a liability in the insurance industry
He or she is incompetent at statistics. Eventually this will cause expensive problems in the insurance job.
I wouldn't buy insurance where the employees are that bad at statistics
Failure to understand statistics is rightly a job killer in the insurance industry
Being incompetent at statistics is incompatible with insurance
OK. Let a panel of insurance actuaries review his competency in statistics. They won't want him anywhere near their work.
Someone like that has no place in the insurance industry
Speaking of the Supreme Court and issues important to Evangelicals .... SCOTUS just ruled that firing people because they are LGBTQ is a violation of the Civil Rights Act
Our local library might be closing. Coal doesn't pay Wyoming's bills like it used to and the legislature refuses to seek alternative sources of revenue such as income tax. The county commissioners are trimming what they can and could legally close all but one county library and only have the remaining one open a few hours per week.
Bolton is *deep state*. He worked in the Bush (RINO) administration.
Yes, but in Portuguese
better idea: Make political ads Opt-In and default everyone to unsubscribed
You were confused. Then when it's explained you become sarc ASS tic.
Roberts generally does the absolute minimum to appear unbiased in the eyes of many viewers
Donald would not have known about Juneteenth. Evidence: he said nobody knew about it, which means he just heard about it for the first time.
&gt; 4 Soros Soros Soros Putin
Some do keep their cool. They don't make the news.
How was she to know her dog was black? Also, this is a stupid rule and whomever made it is stupid.
Freeing slaves *does* take resources away from the Confederacy
While the post doesn't have butthurtedness, that's because someone guessed right. Sometimes people might guess wrong. Be yourself, but don't expect everyone else to read your mind.
And don't stop ordering tickets for rallies we won't attend
An Isle is a small Island Walmart has aisles
His job was to keep dress code violators out of the store
In the US, tribal police and courts cannot prosecute non-natives such as rapists who rape native women, and state/local police aren't interested in crimes that occur on reservations
The state government recently decided they won't let anyone vote without a street address. Many reservation "roads" have neither names nor numbers so the only address they have is a post office box shared by 20 people in 4 generations of the same family but living in 6 widely spread out single wide mobile homes with half the windows boarded up.
You lost that bet
Spoiler Alert: *Shell does get away with it*
I would respect this from a president in the wake of a massive Hurricane or during an escalation of Hot War
Could also be one woman wearing a dress and one woman wearing a pantsuit
This is how people find out their account(s) have been hacked, Karen.
okay then, let's blow the rainy day fund on barren wasteland [https://www.wyofile.com/governor-preps-bid-for-occidental-land-leaving-lawmakers-out/?fbclid=IwAR3p7bFEvaLteOCYOxJ9NIIKgT2hajxarUzFV12Z5wvx-1WpmNTrIEw2DZs](https://www.wyofile.com/governor-preps-bid-for-occidental-land-leaving-lawmakers-out/?fbclid=IwAR3p7bFEvaLteOCYOxJ9NIIKgT2hajxarUzFV12Z5wvx-1WpmNTrIEw2DZs)
I don't believe *incorruptibility* is in his sad tiny vocabulary, and if it is, he doesn't comprehend what it means
aisles
Just as Koch and Adelson et al want
Yes, a small PCB you designed with the products mentioned in this thread can be manufactured from your Gerber file for under $100 USD
It doesn't cost as much to get elected to city council compared to Congress. Get reelected there a few times then run for state legislature.
&gt; grassroots Astroturf, Koch
The KKK left the Democratic party long ago. Trump was just slow to follow.
Unfortunately the US isn't a parliamentary system. Not all is lost; if ranked choice voting allowed additional parties to gain enough seats such that no party had 51 senators nor 218 house members, coalitions would necessarily be formed to elect the chamber's leaders.
Yes, but it's probably not a good financial investment for the rainy day fund.
What's downstream from Imperial Valley? Hint: nothing; much of it is below sea level.
Tulsa's port can be expanded. It's not the only port far far upriver. But only so much traffic can be added to the Mississippi River, which is a lot farther from China than the west coast ports.
A 3rd party candidate will never win under our current presidential election system. Even the few times an upstart party won anything big, one of the bigger parties faded out resulting in still a two party system
That's what oral sex is for
Melania failing to rein in her spouse and immigration fraud enabler because he threatens to expose her and have her deported
Three inlaws died of it the same day
Protesters generally are farther apart than rally cultists
*government using facial recognition to track your movements* might not be as big of a lie as you think.
Why are tattoos ok now? When and why did your god reverse policy regarding tattoos?
When I lived in San Diego there was a Jesus working in nearly every taqueria.
It's why we got rid of umbrellas while dry
