It's a quiet ghost story that goes batshit crazy in the last act. It's awesome and you should watch it tonight.
No contract, no leg to stand on. You don't have to hand over anything. They can send you anything and you don't have to pay it. I would, however, keep a scrupulous paper trail of all the interactions... just in case they are unscrupulous enough to try to fake a contract. If their communication gets more threatening, I would consider consulting a lawyer to see if you need to send something like a cease and desist letter.
Oh man, it took me decades to overcome this. Honestly, the key though, is truly simple - set deadlines and stick to them. Time is your enemy, when you feel like you have all the time in the world you procrastinate, over research, get decision paralysis etc. Wanna start a business - first set a deadline that you'll have a calendar of other *real* deadlines set by Friday next week. On the list you'll probably have deadlines for things like writing a mission statement, talking with score, filing/registering the company, securing a financial adviser, legal adviser, and tax guy, setting up the website, setting up separate bank accounts and phone no's etc. If a goal is complicated, break it up into simpler sub goals and set deadlines for them. I put my deadlines into Google Calendar. If I let one slip, it just means I have less time to reach the next deadline because now I have two things to do instead of one. You'll be amazed how fast you'll progress in whatever you want to achieve if you use deadlines.
I haven't, I'll check it out. Is that a podcast?
Thanks!
Skip the Barlow. Buy dedicated eyepieces instead.
Innocent Blood. It almost never gets talked about but it's one of the most entertaining vamp flicks there is.
No you don't need a license Yes you do need to file taxes on your income The problem with being a sole proprietor is that you and the business are not separate entities... which means if you get sued, or if you end up for whatever reason needing to declare bankruptcy, it's all going to hit you personally and come out of your own pocket and wreck your own credit. You're much better protected as an LLC or small corporation.
Are you taking about the ioptron Skytrackers? If so, no there's no way a 300mm newt will go on one of those. It would be like trying to balance an elephant on a matchstick. They are essentially just DSLR camera mounts. For 30 second exposures with a Newtonian, consider a Dobsonian on an Equatorial Platform. Otherwise for a scope that big you'll need a truly expensive EQ mount. To be honest if you're looking at astrophotography with those sort of aperture sizes, you're better off with a big ol' Cassegrain imo.
For body rolling, a 100mm MB or Play ball. Avoid those sil-x ones with liquid in, it creates weird balance issues. You might as well pick up a 100mm acrylic if you can find one cheap. They're best if you want to achieve isolation illusions. If the bug bites you'll end up with a box full of them anyway.
Bit Third Reich isn't it.
The Faculty
This is incorrect. Fat and protein are necessary for survival. There is some debate over the third macronutrient - carbohydrate - which may only be necessary in minute amounts. Fat is absolutely vital because lipids form a rather important part of your cells - the walls that hold them together. They are also necessary for shuttling fat soluble nutrients (such as many vitamins) around. With a zero fat diet, the human body runs into blindness, kidney failure, digestion shutdown, and ultimately death.
As much as people hate on Signs for it's awkwardly convenient ending, it still had some of the creepiest shit in it... the leg in the cornfield, the thing on the roof, the hand under the door, the birthday party footage, the coal cellar...
The Elevator scene in the original *Eye*.
I agree, that moment in Under the Skin was like a surreal nightmare. The amazing music was a big part of how terrifying it was.
This is a really common question. In short, climate change is progressing at a rate hundreds of times faster than the normal background cycles of warming. You can find all the information you need and links to peer reviewed studies [here](https://www.skepticalscience.com/climate-change-little-ice-age-medieval-warm-period-intermediate.htm)
The absolute lowest I would try would be a CGEM 2... but that's already five times the cost of your Newtonian and no guarantee that it'll be sturdy enough.
As someone who hires designers on a regular basis and sees hundreds of resumes a year, I can tell you first hand that skill rating bars and icons just make me roll my eyes.
On the contrary, as much as I hate skill rating bars, if someone puts a 5* on them, I know they're either lying or they don't know the full capabilities of the software very well. I've been using Adobe Apps daily since PS1 and I wouldn't rate myself 5 on any of them even now. The only people I believe could be 5s would have to be senior Adobe certified trainers.
I find human-human violence mostly boring. If I want to see people behind horrible to other people all I need to do is turn on the news. I like my horror to be speculative, unearthly, imaginative, surreal.
The sun is an average, relatively commonplace G2 star on the Main Sequence. Andromeda and Triangulum have millions of G2 stars just like it. The question of exoplanets suitable for life is difficult to answer since today's technology makes it a real challenge to identify small, rocky planets. It's much easier to find large planets closer to the star where their gravitational and luminance effects are more evident.
*The Possession* with Jeffrey Dean Morgan is surprisingly good and very underrated.
This is great, thank you!
Those wine and painting bars are fun. Our group has also done paintball, go karting, walking food tours in Tosa and Bayview, and the architectural river cruise.
Doesn't really matter what scope you get, bright city skies will kill its usefulness for all but the moon and planets and the few very brightest DSOs. The OneSky is a good choice because it's small enough to throw in your car and get the heck out of town.
I could have an accidental turd showing up on a design, but if the client is happy, I'm happy.
Hop is a reliable vendor. Watch out for those shipping costs though. Have you been trained in fire safety?
Yes, absolutely unethical. Most companies would consider it a fireable offense.
I enjoyed Zombieland at the cinema, but watching again when it came out on DVD I found it really one dimensional and boring.
I do this: Folder structure: Client name --&gt; Year --&gt; Project Then inside project folders I have sub folders for: *Assets (where all graphics components go) *Correspondence (where all emails and communications go) *Admin (Where 'business stuff' goes - the brief, the contract etc.) *Old (a graveyard for old versions of things) And the current working version of a file goes in the root so I always know that's the most recent one. I typically name my files: Client_ProjectTitle_JobNumber_Date_v1,2,3 etc. (never use 'final'). It's important to assign unique job number IDs so you can quickly search projects down in the future. Hope that helps.
Ah okay. I think I might have an idea at what the professor is trying to instill here... So, you're right - designers rarely directly assist clients with things so far outside the scope of design. But I think the professor may be guiding you, in an unconventional way, towards an understanding that the designer who goes above and beyond for the client is the succesful one. Imagine you're out in the real world, trying to eek a living as a freelancer and Joe Smith comes along and wants a website. But he also wants a lot more, he doesn't know anything about e commerce, or funding resources or client capture or seo or social media presence. If he meets a designer who says "I can do the site, but the rest isn't my job, pal" and another designer who says "you know, I know some people who are really good at this other stuff and if I design the site I can put you in touch with those other folks and resources and get you on your way smoothly" - he's obviously going to go with the second designer. Furthermore he might be impressed enough with the designers network that he starts sending additional clients their way by word of mouth. Designer 2 prospers, designer 1 withers and dies on the vine. Back in my freelance years I quickly learned how vital it was to have all these connections. I can't particularly draw very well, but I had Illustrators I could sub out to for that. Same with complex animation or 3d. I could offer the services without knowing personally how to do the technical aspects. The bigger and more versatile the network, the more successful the designer. I might be way off and your professor might be a legit nutjob, but I have a hunch that this could be where they're going with it.
Hell of a sunburn
This is just basic flat illustration. In Illustrator you create it mostly with a combination of hand drawing via the Bezier curve pen tool and creating shapes with the pathfinder tools. If you can work with these tools and the basics of layers and fills, you've got everything you need. Just to note though, there's nothing that Illustrator can do to improve your artistic ability if you can't draw. Work like this is done by professional illustrators, usually with fine art degrees. That's why there's style and movement and personality to them. They would typically hand draw the scene first in pencil, probably with several iterations until they settled on what they like, then recreate it in Illustrator.
We'll need to see your CV and Portfolio to be able to help.
Charge by the hour, that prevents the client from introducing scope creep. If you're completely amateur and still doing your first steps in freelance, $20 is fair, but as you grow that hourly rate will go up to 40, 50, 75, and possibly more with experience. Alternatively choose a flat rate (say $200) but make sure your contract specifies how many revisions you'll do before switching to hourly rates. Three rounds of edits is pretty standard.
No. There aren't.
I'd try my hardest to put myself back together after being totally atomized in the explosion.
The tearing out stuff just made me think of [this scene from Company of Wolves](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OpdQdw7KxY) that freaked me out 35 years ago.
Megg's History
List is so obvious that I suspect it was written by someone who's never done design in their life.
Sounds like you're just a fan of [Urban Decay](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urban_decay)
Check out urban decay photography from places like Detroit, The Salton Sea or Pripyat. There's a lot of beauty to be found in dereliction.
Ooo and especially check out the [Maunsell Sea Forts](https://twistedsifter.com/2012/10/maunsell-sea-forts-and-towers-wwii/)
Big red flags
Tell them my schedule is full through next July.
Saint Ange
Algernon Blackwood, both *The Willows* and *The Wendigo*.
Beer, curry, pajamas and Christmas tree lights.
[kitchen scene from a Tale of Two Sisters](https://youtu.be/DEffTArhTFM)
Because there's more stars there, clustered together more densely.
Graphic Design is far from just logos and websites. It's communication. Wherever there is visual communication going on there was a designer behind it. Just look around you - books, reports, maps, infographics, websites, apps, magazines, games, manuals, posters, flyers, business cards, product packaging, point of purchase displays, clothing designs, business reports, social media, interfaces, wayfinding signage, fabric patterns, roadsigns, billboards, movie credits, news graphics, music videos, 3d models, advertising, marketing collateral, tradeshows, technical diagrams, onscreen presentations... the list is endless.
Velocity of the air. When you blow, the air is moving fast. It forcefully removes the layer of warm air that surrounds your skin. When you breathe, you're just gently adding warm air to warm air. Try pushing out a really short hard breath into the back of your hand. You'll notice it feels cooler than a long gentle breath. Alternately try blowing really gently. It's noticeably warmer.
Been racking my brain for five minutes but all I can come up with is 'Disco Ball'.
All other things being equal, you'll be one quarter as good as someone who goes to University for it and studies it 8 hours a day.
Phone
Yep it's Orion. [Here's the Hubble shot](http://www.astronomy-pictures.net/orion-nebula-hubble.jpg)
Yep echoing what the others have said here. The view through a small scope of anything other than the moon is basically just a monochrome dot or fuzzy smudge. A 4 year old will quickly lose interest. The enticement of backyard astronomy is in the awe of comprehending what you're looking at, not the actual view itself. I'd recommend getting them some fun kids books on astronomy like Carl Sagan's [Star Stuff](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1596439602/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_Y3PdCbJP9NDDR) or Nat Geos *Little kids first big book of space*. Now's a great time to nurture their interest in stars, planets, galaxies and rockets, in the hope that as they grow they can become more serious about these things. I bought my 6 year old nephew a 114mm tabletop scope, but in hindsight, I wish I'd waited until he was 8 or so. It's basically shelved and forgotten about because he lost interest so quickly. If you really want optics, you could go for a small pair of binoculars. The moon is jaw dropping through binocs. You could also use them for birding if the kid is interested in that. The important thing is that a child with optics must ALWAYS be supervised because even swinging them to the sun for the briefest moment will result in permanent eye damage.
Sorry, I meant the [pen tool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0B_IQK7hMo0), not a stylus. It's also called the bezier curve tool. It's probably the most vital tool in all graphic design, no matter what app you are using.
Picnic at Hanging Rock Chasing Sleep Bug Take Shelter Under the Skin Toad Road Absentia Banshee Chapter Resolution The Endless Blair Witch Project Mothman Prophecies Killing of a Sacred Deer Mulholland Drive
Excellent!
Noooooope. r/dontbuyapowerseeker For $200, pick up an AWB OneSky or look for a used 6 inch Dobsonian. Don't bother with anything on a tripod until your budget gets over $500.
Logos should typically be made in vector format (e.g. Illustrator, Affinity Designer, Inkscape), not Photoshop. Photoshop can do a little vector work, but it's making life hard for yourself, kind of like trying to hammer in a nail with a screwdriver. If you want to learn any of these programs I would recommend the courses on Lynda.com.
Absolutely. Just add enough to the fee to cover the extra time it takes to coordinate with the print vendor and set up the files accordingly. I usually cut off my involvement at the actual printing stage. I get the client's approval to go to print, I convey that to the vendor, then I leave the vendor and client in contact to arrange the actual printing fees. Very rarely I'll have the job printed for them, but that delays production because I have to get the money from the client for the printing up front. Never absorb the printing costs on your own dime expecting the client to pay up later.
[Bokeh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bokeh) and [diffraction spikes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffraction_spike) are not the same thing.
Live by the river.
*[There's Hubble](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orion_Nebula#/media/File%3AOrion_Nebula_-_Hubble_2006_mosaic_18000.jpg)*
Did you catch it on the big screen during it's fortieth anniversary re release? God it was glorious.
Or the iconic movie poster
What exactly do you mean by "see planets clearly"? Have you ever looked through a scope before? A lot of newcomers to the hobby have unrealistic expectations. You will never see planets with the naked eye with detail like [this](http://www.skyimaging.com/images/fullmarc.jpg) or [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/Jupiter.jpg). When you see photos like that, you're either looking at Hubble shots or long exposure astrophotography. An 8" Dobsonian is usually the best beginners option. You get a lot of aperture for around $500. You will get views of Saturn and Jupiter more similar to [this](http://www.flickr.com/photos/isherwoodchris/8716044585/) and [this](https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/moons/jupiter-moons/overview/?page=0&amp;per_page=40&amp;order=name+asc&amp;search=&amp;placeholder=Enter+moon+name&amp;condition_1=9%3Aparent_id&amp;condition_2=moon%3Abody_type%3Ailike). It's a good idea to visit a local astronomy club before buying a telescope so you can try out some equipment and see what you really want to spend your money on.
Of the scopes you have linked ONLY the Celestron Firstscope is of any use whatsoever. The rest are garbage that will only frustrate the kids and turn them off astronomy forever. But... the Firstscope is still a "toy", which means essentially you can look at the moon with it, but not much else. The '50 things to see with a telescope - kids' book is great. I bought one for my nephew last year.
I was thinking about this last night and I came to the conclusion that I'd approach something that listed 'mechanicals' as a requirement with my guard up. I've been a designer for 30+ years and honestly, I think the last time I heard someone refer to mechanicals was in the early 90s. Unless there's some obscure sector of the industry with it's own jargon, it's a red flag to me that the management might be either very outdated and/or stubbornly unchanging. It's kind of like applying for a phone sales job and hearing "must be familiar with the speaking telegraph..."
My wife and I bumped into Ted Raimi in the street in Milwaukee when he was visiting for the release of The Man with the Screming Brain. He was one of the nicest and most down-to-earth celebs I've ever met... really left a great impression on us.
Because motion through space and motion through time are fundamentally connected. We (and everything else) move through Spacetime at just one speed - c. The only thing that changes is how much something is moving through the 'space' aspect of spacetime vs. how much it's moving through the 'time' aspect. Move more through one, and you have to move less through the other because (that's the way the universe is built, God, it's just the way it is, flying spaghetti monster said so etc. Your choice.) An imperfect but fun analogy is that I give you ten magic coins. I then take a sharpie and write 'time' on your left pocket and 'space' on your right pocket. You have to put the coins in your pockets, you can never have more or less than 10 coins (thems the rules.) But you can place them in whatever pocket you choose. You can have 5 in each pocket, or 2 in one pocket and 8 in the other, or none in one pocket and all ten in the other. But you can never have, for example, 5 coins in one pocket and 6 in another, because you only have 10 coins. The coins are, essentially, motion. They're equivalent to the universal speed limit - c. Asking if you can go faster than c is like asking if you can spend 11 of the 10 coins. I.e. it's kind of meaningless. As counter intuitive as this is, it's one of the most accurately and exhaustively tested observations in all physics. No matter what experiments we throw at it to try and break it down, the answer always comes back as there are only 10 coins.
The Fog (2005). Absolutely hands down.
Graphic design is a business.
Ah sorry, I misunderstood. From a solely design perspective I would say there's no such thing as a 'great' graphic designer... only great *work*. Good work: *does it's job. *makes the client happy. *is memorable. *is clear. *draws the attention adequately. *differentiates from the competition. *was done on time and on budget. *pays meticulous attention to detail. *Great* work takes all of the above and generally also adds a quality of timelessness and a cultural relevance that keys right in to the present Zeitgeist. I don't think many designers can actually consciously engineer these things, it's more often a case of luck.
I don't think you'd forget any design fundamentals. Once that stuff is baked in, it's there forever; and it doesn't change much with time either. What makes a design good today is the same things that made a design good in the 1960s. A 3 year hiatus however, will see you scrambling to catch up on current trends and new software updates when you come back.
u/alan3115 is correct, all the optical space-based telescopes are reflectors. Refractors are just too heavy, too costly, and too prone to problems. You can put a mirror up there for less than half the cost of the equivalent size lens.
Dude, I agree with most everything you say. You and I have practically the same job. :-)
The oldest I can think of was *Alien3*. My buddies and I practically camped outside the cinema for that but we all came out with sadface. Oddly I like it much better now than I did then. *Event Horizon* was another, right around that time. I still enjoy it because let's face it there's just not enough space horror, but I can't kid myself that it was any good. Then there was Neil Marshall's *Doomsday*. After Dog Soldiers and the Descent, I was jazzed for that one, but it turned out kind of mediocre. I got irrationally excited for *The Houses October Built* just because it was such a great title. But boy what a pile of shit that turned out to be. *Crimson Peak* pissed me off. After masterpieces like Pan's Labyrinth and The Devil's Backbone, I expected more from Del Toro than a CGI laden cheesefest. *Winchester*, because the Winchester Mansion was always a story that fascinated me and Sarah Winchester was such an unusual and rich character for a movie study. When I saw they got Helen Mirren I was even more excited. But gah, whoever wrote that script needs a Winchester Rifle butt to the throat. Most recently, Hereditary. After all the Dreadit hype I was hoping for something less... forgettable.
My marketing coordinators love it. My boss was the former president lol :-)
Don't know if this qualifies as noping out but I opened my eyes one night and there was a big fucking wolf spider on my pillow like six inches from my face. I don't actually remember what happened next but my wife said it was hilarious. Apparently I screamed, dove out of bed, flipped the pillow over so the spider was underneath, and stood there butt naked repeatedly punching the pillow until the spider underneath was a mush.
New, around $200 US, or equivalent.
Download [Stellarium](https://stellarium.org), enter in your location and the date, and it will show you everything in the sky.
Is Instagram paying your bills?
The Girl Next Door
The Sirius is a good mount for small-mid sized scopes. If you're planning on mounting something big though - like an 8" Cassegrain or Newtonian, you'll need the Atlas instead.
When they're not just plain made up, they are failures of perception and memory. The human brain is inconsistent, the laws of physics are not.
9 times out of 10, a reflector is the best choice for beginners. You get much more aperture for your money. In a nutshell, bigger aperture = better views.
Astrophotography is extraordinarily difficult (but not impossible) on film. You'll need a fast lens, a high speed film, a cable release and a reasonable quality German Equatorial Mount to shoot wide field long exposures. Because with film you have to go develop it before you can start post processing, it's easy to waste entire nights capturing data only to find out it's no good when you develop the film. Film is also significantly less efficient in gathering photons than digital, so something you could image in 1 minute on a DSLR could take up to an hour on film. And that means your mount has to be expensive, sturdy, and perfectly aligned. Tldr; you're probably much much better off buying a DSLR like a Canon Rebel than trying AP with this camera... unless you have the patience of a saint.
Why don't you think the universe is infinite?
This is really useful for showing prospective buyers what they can expect visually out of the XT8. I live in a Bortle 7 and from my backyard, this is pretty much exactly what I get at the eyepiece. It would be cool if you expanded the video by taking it out to dark skies and showing them a few nebula and clusters too. I get the feeling a lot of people think they're going to see more than monochrome fuzzies.
There are no worthwhile scopes under $100 imo. Just get a pair of 10x50 Binoculars instead at that price range. In terms of 5 inch tabletop reflectors - [Zhumell z130](https://www.amazon.com/Zhumell-Portable-Altazimuth-Reflector-Telescope/dp/B07BRLSVWM) or the [AWB OneSky](https://shop.astronomerswithoutborders.org/products/awb-onesky-reflector-telescope) are both $200 and are about the cheapest actually decent scopes you can get.
Synecdoche NY, Under The Skin, Take Shelter, Melancholia, Toad Road, Martyrs, Long Weekend, Picnic at Hanging Rock, Resolution, As Above So Below, Blackcoat's Daughter, A Dark Song, Killing of a Sacred Deer, Mother!, It Comes At Night, The Invitation, Starry Eyes, Triangle, Lake Mungo, Southbound, Session 9, Rosemary's Baby, The Devil's Advocate, Bug, Jacob's Ladder, The Sentinel
Yes it's realistic, while many things are rapidly going digital there will still be a place for the dedicated print designer. There are plenty of design types unrelated to web still thriving - branding and logo, print collateral, magazines, posters, pop displays, tradeshows, wayfinding, clothing, book layout, technical illustration etc. None of these are going away quickly. That said, a big trend these days is for employers to seek more versatile designers, so even if you don't like or aren't good with websites, apps, or Ux, it would still behoove you to understand the basics. It'll just make finding employment that little bit easier.
Yep, everything centered, that's literally it. It's super easy. Get the black dot in the donut, get the primary and secondary lined up and you're done. Honestly the only tricky bit is if you need to fiddle with the secondary but very often you don't.
Photoshop is your best bet. Resize canvas to the width you want, then select the new areas, hit delete and make sure 'content aware' is checked in the contents box. 9 times out of 10 this works well, on the odd occasions that it doesn't (like on complex edges) you may need to do a little repainting with the clone stamp.
What area of design are you most wanting to get into?
InDesign Book, with auto page numbering. As you add or rearrange different components the pages will auto number.
Yes. In fact, an hour a night is pretty good in my experience. It's not uncommon for me to have to work 9am - 9pm. Because design is deadline driven, you basically are at the mercy of the clients scope.
My favorites are the Pentax PCF WPIIs. Not sure about their availability in Australia though.
Because it's awful. The only thing it does right is good practical fx. Everything else about it is sub par. Unlikeable, one dimensional characters with odd motivations, wooden dialog, piss poor script, stilted directing, bad acting...
How is it even possible to get to that age without hearing Bohemian Rhapsody?
&gt;Just to expand on the other answer here, I'll note that collisions between starts are exceeding unlikely. Most of space is just... empty space. Stars are relatively small compared to the distances between them so they don't often get very close to each other. To expand on this, because all that empty space is not very intuitive to us, I once heard the typical distance between stars compared to the distance between two dust motes floating on opposite sides of a football field. Not sure if that's accurate but it at least conveys the idea of why stellar collisions aren't commonplace.
I think it definitely helps. For most Goto scopes, you still need to be able to visually align it with 2 or 3 stars in order for it understand where it is and slew to the correct objects. That process is a heck of a lot easier if you can just look straight up and say "that's Vega". It also depends what personal reasons you're in the hobby for. If you're an avid astrophotographer, you don't want to waste precious darkness finding the objects you want to image. If you've got impatients kids waiting for a turn at the eyepiece you don't want to be fiddling with starhopping. But if you're in the hobby for the thrill of the search and the sense of accomplishment of manually locating a difficult object, then Goto just takes the fun out of it.
The answer to "if [magic thing] happens, could we [X]?" is always whatever you want it to be. Because magic.
Likely never. Even when talking about our own solar system, our telescopes can't make out the distant planets and planetoids very well. Until New Horizons actually flew past Pluto in 2015, [this](https://www.jpl.nasa.gov/spaceimages/details.php?id=PIA00825) was as good as we could get from the Hubble Space telescope. It's not a case of technology so much as the laws of physics. [Angular Resolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angular_resolution) dictates what a telescope can resolve. It's why we can't, for example, turn Hubble on the moon and see the flag. A sufficiently advanced civilization could perhaps build a scope with an aperture the size of a solar system and perhaps improve matters, but I don't think we'll ever be able to gaze upon an exoplanet and see the sort of detail that we can see in Jupiter or Saturn. That said, using a variety of interferometry and stacking techniques, we have directly imaged several exoplanets over the past couple of decades. [This post](https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-clearest-image-of-an-exoplanet-thats-real) has a selection of the best images to date. Little dots and blobs mostly, but cool nonetheless...
If you take a telescope outside into significantly different temperatures than it was inside, you get thermal current in the tube. This translates into a sort of localized [bad seeing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uUYojTD_Pw) where you're contending not only with the actual bad seeing of the atmosphere but also of the dancing air inside the tube. So we take out scopes outside an hour or so before using them to let them come to the ambient temperature and let all those wibbly wobbly wavey currents in the tube calm down.
Tina from Bob's Burgers drowning?
I like to sketch concepts live with the client, either on paper or my tablet. They get to feel included in the process, I get buy-in so there's less rework, and they don't get anything they can use until the contract is signed and the up front fee is paid. In terms of getting ripped off, with the sketch method all they can really 'rip off' is an idea. I'm not wedded to any of my ideas, if the client thinks they can execute it better themselves or through another designer, fair play, but I'm pretty good at convincing them I'm the right person for the job.
What is the program, specifically?
Graphic design doesn't usually stretch as far as illustration or character design, so I would be hesitant to include more than one example of each in your portfolio. Those specialties are typically left to professional illustrators, which graphic designers usually aren't. It's hard for me to make recommendations on what to include not knowing the actual course requirements, but safe bets would be: An example of logo design (include [concepts](https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/60166/screenshots/3016058/dropsketch.jpg) through to final and the reasoning behind the design choices). An example of a layout that shows an understanding of typography - a type treatment that is tasteful, [well kerned](http://www.annenbergdl.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/typography-11-1024x506.png) and displays [good hierarchy](https://i1.wp.com/lisafurze.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/typography-tips-hierarchy.png?w=750&amp;ssl=1). Some kind of [simple infographic](https://d16cvnquvjw7pr.cloudfront.net/images/blog-photos-new/BridgingTheGap_FINAL.png) A straightforward [web page layout](https://i2.wp.com/themefisher.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/handy-woocommerce-theme.jpg?w=640&amp;ssl=1) - you don't need to actually make the site, just mock it up . Again it's always good to show your concept sketches and early wireframe ideas, so that the reviewers can get a sense of your workflow and personal design process. In lieu of a website you could also do an app interface. Perhaps some example of marketing collateral - a flyer, masthead, advert, poster, etc. In a nutshell, you're trying to show the reviewers that you understand that design is about *communication* more than it is about aesthetics. It is art with a purpose and function beyond just evoking emotion or looking good. If that comes through in your portfolio, they should see you as a promising student. Hope that helps.
Upfront warning: logos for friends are almost always a bad idea. They feel that they can scope creep much more than if you were a business that they were contracting, and this can lead to tension, frustration, and I've even seen it lead to friendship breakups. So proceed with caution. How much you can fairly charge really depends on your experience level. An experienced brand designer may charge upwards of $1500 for a logo, shit some logomarks for major corporations cost millions. But if you're a new entry level designer, a couple hundred bucks is about all you can fairly charge because you won't be giving them the full level of research, concepting, and market-targeted design that a good logo requires. So it's really up to how much you value yourself and how much your client values you. If you decide to do a flat fee package, make sure there's a contract that *clearly* tells them how many estimated hours/rounds of edits they'll get before you start charging by the hour. The norm is two or three rounds of edits after the initial approved concept is executed. Hope that helps.
[It's Shrinking!](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/DYvvPZ6zwPE/maxresdefault.jpg)
*The Willows* by Algernon Blackwood *A School Story* by M.R. James *The Beckoning Fair One* by Oliver Onions *The Inn* by Guy De Maupassant *The Voice in the Night* by William Hope Hodgson *The Night Wire* by H.F. Arnold *The Shadow* by Edith Nesbitt *The Spider* by Hannz Heinz Ewers *The Musix of Erich Zann* by Lovecraft *The House of the Nightmare* by Edward Lucas White *The Ensouled Violin* by Helena Blavatsky
Gonna be blunt here... as a freelancer, you don't need an identity. You are not trying to become a recognizable public brand. All that "personal branding" stuff you read about is bullshit and pointless. Your own personal brand comes from doing good work, on time and on budget so that the client returns to you and recommends you to other clients. It's that simple.
Entropy increases (or stays the same) in *closed systems* that cannot exchange energy with their surroundings. The Earth's biosphere isn't an isolated system, it gets energy - a lot of it - from the Sun. Any system that can receive energy can decrease entropy.
For deep sky you need the biggest aperture you can get. Honestly, you're not going to get a really satisfying deep sky viewing experience unless you have a large aperture (8"+) and nice dark skies. Under light polluted skies, even an 8" scope is underwhelming on all but the brightest DSOs. For your budget unfortunately you're looking at maximum 5" aperture like the afformentioned AWB OneSky. It's a great scope but it's better for the moon and planets than deep sky. Don't. Buy. A. Powerseeker. Ever.
I am so not buying that could take 440lbs. I'm half that and I'd be afraid to sit my big ass on it.
I don't even think the author knew. He was too busy being pretentious to create a coherent mythos so he had to just keep it all a mystery.
Good to know. I was considering getting a Starbound, but this looks much more portable.
The only one on there that I would consider is the Astromaster 130EQ, the mount sucks but the tube itself is a reasonable 130mm f5. If you've got access to some tools and a halfway decent DIY mind... consider dumping/selling the mount and [building yourself a Dobsonian rocker base instead](https://10minuteastronomy.wordpress.com/2010/11/02/how-to-build-a-dobsonian-mount-for-a-5-inch-telescope/)
Oliver Onions is so underrated, he should be up there wit the greats like MR James and Lovecraft in my opinion, such subtle, creepy, modern style.
If all else fails there's one in the airport
I love 28 weeks, but it doesn't come close to having that iconic, genre-changing quality that 28 days had.
Good work, but why in the name of God would you use Photoshop instead of Illustrator for this?
You wanting to do it just as dabbling/hobby, or as a career?
Henry Portrait of a Serial Killer
The Shining. If it wasn't for Nicholson's incredible performance, it would've been a train wreck.
Clive Barker
The Changeling The Mothman Prophecies Alien
Decent beginning. Dull middle, unintentionally hilarious ending.
Are you getting your medical news from the national enquirer by any chance?
No difference in capability. You'll find that a lot of agencies and dedicated design departments use mac while the vast majority of in house positions (marketing, pr, etc.) use PC. It's beneficial to be experienced with both.
See that red dot finder. Take it off. Remove the batteries. Then stomp on it and put a Telrad in its place instead.
Sure, it depends how much your budget goes up. $200 will get you a nice 5" reflector like the AWB OneSky, with better glass and brighter, clearer images... but for a really noticeable upgrade you'd probably want to jump up to a 6 or 8 inch Dobsonian.
Charge by the hour, minimum one hour, so even if it takes you 2 seconds, charge the 1 hour.
Yikes. Is that even dust? It looks like the surface coating of the mirror is coming off.
Is the vector file actually a vector? (Just making sure it's not just a raster image dropped into illustrator) How big is your artboard? If it came from a typeface, did you outline it? What format were the files delivered to the client in? What settings and format was the client using when they exported?
One of the clearest analogies I've heard was (I think) in Brian Greene's book *The Elegant Universe*. (Paraphrasing) Imagine if you were up in the air, ten miles high, looking down onto a rug far away on the ground below. From your perspective, the rug would only have two spatial dimensions - length and width. But if you were able to descend much closer to the rug, eventually you would see that it has depth too - in the form of the pile. If you were as tiny as an ant, wandering through the pile would be like walking through a forest. But from the high up vantage point, that forest doesn't exist. The additional spatial dimensions in String Theory are the same. We are so vast, so far away from their scale, that we can't detect them, but if we could shrink down to the far subatomic scale, we'd find ourselves in a forest of tiny extra dimensions.
No merit. All reliable resources are in consensus that the current rate of climate change is unprecedented and human caused. [Skeptical science](https://www.skepticalscience.com) has all the resources you need, with links to peer reviewed studies, to make an informed decision.
V762 Cas was demoted as the most distant naked eye star over a decade ago when new data adjusted its distance to only around 2500 LY. The Milky Way is around 56 *parsecs* across... about 180,000 LY. You're right that it's a question with many possible answers though. If we include multiple systems, Eta Carinae is a solid contender at a distance of 7500 LY with around 85% certainty, much more than we had on V762 Cas.
A number of them are very derivative. I'm guessing the work was done by an amateur designer who just googled existing logos and mimicked them.
You can see the labels on Voyager 1 with that baby.
Lovecraft mentored and wrote with a circle of other writers and friends that all produced work in the same vein and mythos. They are collectively called [the Lovecraft Circle](https://lovecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Category:Lovecraft_Circle).
[The gun scene from Deep Rising](https://youtu.be/dF0NEGntUTo)
Uranus is a naked eye planet (to a very sharp eye on a very dark night) so pretty much any telescope will show it. All the objects you mention are easy targets for your scope, you just need a dark sky.
Put the top hat and mustache together instead of bisecting the text with them. I get that you're going for 'eyes and mouth' but the text doesn't lend itself to that and it's just difficult to read. Put your text together beside or below the icon. The text itself needs to be more tightly kerned. With a narrow sans serif font like this, set in all caps, having that much space between letters trips up the eye. Either tighten it up, use a 'fatter' typeface, or do it normal sentence case. Background is distracting, use something more subtle. Hope that helps.
The problem with going the 'lowest budget' route into astrophotography is that you'll end up spending more in the long run than if you were patient and saved up more, because that budget equipment will soon frustrate you into either buying better or giving up. It's like wanting a 75" television but instead of saving up for one, you get a 50" for one year, a 60" the next, a 65" the next... By the time you actually get to where you want, you've spent like three or four times the actual amount you needed to and you've got the hassle of storing or selling all those old TV's. I personally think the best way to get into AP is to get one *quality* piece of equipment at a time and just have fun with that one thing for a while. So instead of jumping from phone through eyepiece straight to DSO (which is like learning to run before you can walk), just a a decent German EQ mount - like minimum an AVX - and just set your camera on that, no scope, and get used to tracked wide field photography. Later, when you can afford get yourself a scope and go a little deeper. And later still, add the autoguider setup and start hitting DSOs.
The problem lies in the fact that the universe appears to have, according to every bit of data we have, a finite [maximum speed limit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_of_light). Because of this, events are causally confined to an objects own [future light cone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light_cone). Brian Cox does a great job of describing it in [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-O8lBIcHre0). So, no problem, all we have to do is go faster than light, right? Then you can step outside of your future light cone and make your way back into the past... But the problem there is that it really does seem that the speed of light is [baked into the deep structure of the universe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2JCoIGyGxc), and is absolutely, mechanically, the maximum speed possible. No object with mass can mathematically even reach it, let alone go past it. So according to most accepted models of physics, past time travel is impossible.
I'm not sure it's something you can learn from a book, well a little, but not entirely. It just comes with time. I can point you in the general direction though. Step back from your design and ask yourself does it fulfill most of the basic fundamental rules of good design - are things aligned? is there an underlying logic (grid) to the layout? is there an obvious hierarchy of information? is there strong contrast? does the eye know where to go? is the use of color and the number of typefaces appropriate? is the layout balanced? etc. These sort of basic questions will get you most of the way to a functional design. I think the biggest difference between amateur and professional design is that professional design always looks *intentional*. A great general rule for beginners is that objects and spaces in your design should either be identical or completely different, but *never similar*. You can see this in action by making a design with two black squares side by side with the second square being smaller than the first. You'll find that the second square always looks better if it is some definite, obvious proportion of the first - two thirds, half, one third, a quarter etc. But if you make it *almost but not quite* a half, or *almost but not quite* a third, it looks like a mistake. It doesn't look intentional. Hope that helps some.
I think her intention all along was to survive long enough to get it to somewhere she could completely destroy it.
Add the [blue notes](https://images.app.goo.gl/Hw5GvsTaVc7L9Cms6) to your pentatonic scale and resolve your licks to the root notes. Keep it simple and you'll be golden.
I don't think 50 Euros is going to get you any guitar worthwhile, unless you luck out on a bargain used one. Trust me, a cheap, no-name guitar will do nothing but make you miserable If 50 is all you can afford, consider a little Ukele instead. You can learn lots of principles on the Uke that will transfer over to guitar when you can afford one. I would say the cheapest worthwhile guitars start at around €150-200 - that's gonna get you a low end electric like a Squier Affinity or a low end acoustic like a Fender FA series which, while far from good, at least won't turn you off playing forever. When you get up around 300, then your into decent guitars without overpaying for luxury.
Rudyard Kipling Charles Dickens Mark Twain
Focused practice, in a quiet room, with a metronome.
It was the early 70s and my dad would play House of the Rising Sun on this beat up acoustic 12 string, and I just thought it was the coolest thing I'd ever seen.
The environment after the kt impact is what made us evolve into what we are today. The sudden absence of the larger predatory life forms left a gap where mammalian life could start to speciate. So in a way, yes the meteor helped us become what we are, but because of the way it changed the environment, not because of some mysterious element or substance it carried.
London After Midnight
Not at all
Do this exercise a few times a day and you'll develop the muscle memory in no time. Alternate pick (up, down, up, down): E - A - E - D - E - G - E - B - E - E then do it all over but with the A as the pedal note, then again with the D, then G, then B then E...
Go through the beginners course on justinguitar.com Keep a folder of the stuff you learn Practice daily, even if it's only for five minutes. Never let a day go by where you don't pick up the guitar. Spend the first half of your practice heavily focused on trying to do something you really have a lot of trouble with. Use a timer. No TV. Concentrate. for at least that first part. Don't worry about sheet music yet.
Yes, don't get sand in it.
[Have you seen this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10diurwIa7Y&amp;t=13s)
Originality comes from the style in which you write and the little details, not the concept. Trust me, you will *never* figure out an original concept. All stories have already been told, over and over again. Trust that your style, setting, and characters will provide the originality.
What's your budget and what are you wanting to photograph? Mount is more important than scope in most situations.
We can't be sure, because we can't agree on a definition of sentience. By certain definitions, plants and fungi are almost certainly conscious and/or sentient, by others, they're clearly not. It's something you have to make your own mind up about. Here's a fascinating [BBC Documentary](https://youtu.be/Q-4w5xYLwiU) on the subject.
Justinguitar.com has already made a roadmap for you.
The best guitar is the one you try out in the music store and say "holy shit I MUST own this"
I create my own using Adobe Capture on my phone. I can see something that inspires me while I'm out and about, snap a photo, and when I get back to my work desk, the color palette is there in my libraries ready to use. CC is truly a wonder.
Knee socks and tennis balls. Six months in, if you've still got the bug, grab a set of Drex's contact poi.
The only things I've read that messed with my sense of reality the way HOL did, are Algernon Blackwood's *The Willows*, and the "Search and Rescue Officer" stories over on nosleep.
Is it on a rockerbox/dob base? You shouldn't have to "find it" with the higher mag eyepieces. You find it with the 32, then quickly pop the 8mm in and nudge the scope manually to keep it centered, takes a little practice but after a couple of nights it'll be second nature.
Watch it again in 20 years time and you'll get it.
Scary is subjective. What scares you?
Puppyhammer
Very good. A super disturbing couple of death scenes early on really put you on edge every time the creature shows up. It's one of the few creature features where I was actually anxious.
Yeah, hard to get those hilarious emo ghost kids out of your head...
Mayer is a prodigy, he can sing over guitar lines that many advanced players couldn't even play without singing. So my first suggestion would be to find easier stuff to sing over first. From there it's just tons of practice. I like to break songs down into tiny chunks, just a few bars, and teach myself where the vocals fall in small manageable sections.
It's hands down my favorite piece of horror literature.
$200 will get you a 5" tabletop Newtonian like the AWB OneSky (aka Skywatcher Heritage 130p). It's light years above the smaller Orion and Celestron funscopes which are essentially just toys. It's sturdy, portable, and has a solid base. Easily the best views you can get at the $200 price point. Note: stars will always just be pinpoints of light no matter how big a telescope you get. No backyard scope can resolve a stars disk. Through a scope they look exactly like they do with your naked eye, except more numerous.
Careful, if you mention Hereditary wasn't that great around here, all the youngsters get their diapers in a bunch.
Chili's songs are often notoriously difficult, but *Otherside* is one exception, it's easy and fun to play (plus it'll give you some F practice). I recommend trying to learn *everything* by ear first. Nothing progresses your interval knowledge faster.
Graphics Team Leader Graphics Manager
Apparently some kid who just learned how to do neon fx 101 in Photoshop.
Twins of Evil
I don't believe there's a common scientific name for it because the moon is up during the day almost every day of the lunar month, it's basically just... the moon doing what it always does. I suppose the closest you would get to an official term would be 'daytime moon'.
Some people get chords easier than others. I've taught people who picked up open chords within ten minutes and people who struggled with them for the whole first month. So what you're going through is nothing unusual, just keep at it with regular, daily practice. Making the individual notes in a chord sound clearly will become much easier as you start to develop calluses on your fingertips and strength in your thumb.
Texas Chainsaw Massacre
Nah, different people find different ones fun. My personal favorites after the first 3 are Jason X and Jason Lives because they're both hugely entertaining.
This is a great summary!
I certainly had more nightmares after that than after any movie I've ever seen...
Amityville?
Taman Shud The Kelly-Hopkinsville Goblins
10/10 would visit
So they're saying Europa has seasons! .. I'll get my coat...
Zero
I don't make the commute daily but I have to head to Chicago once or twice a month. It's not bad going out from the intermodal station in the mornings. The return train is a bit crowded, but there's always a seat somewhere if you don't mind going backwards. It's not a New York Subway style standing- room only nightmare. Amtrak WiFi is super choppy though, so unless you have a mifi or some other hotspot device, expect internet to be out. Takes about an hour and a half each way. Nice time to chill, listen to music, and watch the fields roll by.
When you reach that intermediate level, music theory is really the thing that's going to open the floodgates for you. Learn the notes on the fretboard, the notes in your chords, the chords in your keys, your scales and modes, the circle of fifths etc...
Jug Face
Food grade mineral oil - safer, cheaper, and no scent.
Little Wing Message in a Bottle Neon
Go to guitar store. Play. The right guitar will stand out to you.
Patterns. You still need to memorize, but it's easier than you think because you memorize (and eventually commit to muscle memory), the underlying patterns rather than all the smaller details. As an example, if you're trying to learn the chords in every key, that's a lot of chords to just memorize. But once you learn one or two keys, you spot the underlying pattern (w,w,h,w,w,w,h intervals), and because you know the *Maj, Min, Min, Maj, Maj, Min, Dim* pattern you can quickly and easily figure out the chords in any key.
Dead Man's Shoes
It's a disgusting state of affairs. It can be like pulling teeth trying to find out if all the providers involved in a procedure are in-network. Often even the hospital in question doesn't know. The system is intentionally convoluted and opaque. It needs tearing down and rebuilding from the ground up with simplicity and transparency as the foundation.
The biggest concern would be the wind blowing dust, twigs, leaves or whatever down the tube and onto the mirror, make sure it's covered up with all the lens caps in place and you should be alright.
Don't get too caught up on what is "right". Watch some world class guitarists like John Mayer or Hendrix or Knopfler, or some world-class songwriters like McCartney or Sting, and you'll soon see that they have some truly *weird* personal techniques - stuff that would make a conventional guitar teacher feel faint. The conventional, traditional "right way" to do things is only codified like that because it's what most people find the easiest and most efficient. But it all comes down to what's easiest and what sounds best for *you*.
I love these guys but I'd say they're a bit more geared toward intermediate players with some theory knowledge than to beginners.
Justinguitar.com is probably the most structured free online course, imo.
I couldn't deal with Neville's writing. It seemed very forced and sub-par to me. I really enjoyed the movie adaption of The Ritual though. Simmons is an excellent writer, but very different to King, his style is more dry and scholarly, well researched, but it's nowhere near as flavorful or personable as King's "campfire tale" aesthetic. I would strongly suggest Joe Hill (King's Son). So far everything he's done has impressed me. He's like someone took King and just dropped him into the modern age... more pop culture references, more youthful energy, more youthful themes, yet still with that awesome down-to-earth King style. Also try James Herbert for just plain fun, sexy, spook stories. Robert McCammon for sprawling epics, Ramsey Campbell for intellectual terror, Neil Gaiman for beautiful, concise "Braduryesque" tales, and Laird Barron for great short stories.
If you're not up to date on your CC subscription, do that first. No point in applying to jobs only knowing CS6 for example. Lynda.com has good courses on both the technical aspects and on the history and fundamentals of design. If you work hard you could probably get through most of the courses within a single subscription period. If you're already working with clients, you already have a leg up on academically trained designers fresh out of school.
Cinema 4d + very skilled user + lots of hard work. Probably one of the companies that did similar fx for movies like Dr Strange.
I would just trace it upright before skewing it, rather than trying to trace it at a slant.
I loved it. Listened to it in audiobook form during my commute with, if I recall correctly, Will Pattinson narrating. Kept me enthralled the whole way. It was that book that made me realize Joe Hill is going to be a force to be reckoned with just like his dad.
Oh yeah, been a fan since Twentieth Century Ghosts. I tentatively would say his short story "Voluntary Committal" tops or at least equals King's best.
Probably on the fringe here... I don't like Ibanez electrics at all, but I *love* their acoustics. Last year I picked up an [Ibanez AEG12ii](https://www.guitarcenter.com/Ibanez/AEG12II-NT-Acoustic-Electric-Guitar.gc) and I swear it sounds sweeter than my thousand dollar Taylor. My wife calls it "the magic guitar" because she thinks it sounds like magic. I don't know how they got that sound out of such a cheap guitar, but I'm tempted to pick up a couple more of them and just keep them in hard cases for when I wear this one out, like a pair of shoes I like.
Not at all, because different people find different things horrifying. Don't get me wrong, I'd probably have an issue with someone labeling something like, say, *The Devil Wear's Prada* as horror because there's clearly no link or intent to horrify whatsoever - but stuff that walks the line - Black Swan, Dancer in the Dark, The Gift, Take Shelter, Red Eye, Requiem for a Dream, Jaws, Jurassic Park etc... I have no issue with that.
I guess Psycho is the archetype of it
An EQ big enough to hold the OneSky comfortably would be prohibitively bulky for travel. Better to just find a table at your destination.
I can't just pick one so I'll throw out a bunch: Deep Rising The Blob (88) Class of 1999 Return of the Living Dead Jason VI Jason X Deep Blue Sea Frankenfish
I have the one phobia that will eventually actually kill me - Iatrophobia - fear of hospitals and medical establishments.
What are the issues she has with GD? And conversely what's she good at? I've seen people transition in and out of graphic design careers well into their 40s and even 50s. Sometimes you just gotta start on a new path.
At my local gc you can walk in and play a $3000 Martin without anyone batting an eyelid.
(Not a doctor) It does sound like peripheral neuropathy symptoms but such an acute, rapid onset could point to something like [guillain-barre-syndrome](https://www.healthline.com/health/guillain-barre-syndrome)? A neurologist is your best bet.
The earlier short story collections are his best stuff - Skeleton Crew, Night Shift, Nightmares and Dreamscapes.
Class of 1999
The [Squier Bullet Strats](https://www.guitarcenter.com/Squier/Special-Edition-Bullet-Stratocaster-SSS-Electric-Guitar-with-Tremolo-Sea-Foam-Green-1500000215660.gc?cntry=us&amp;source=4WWRWXGP&amp;source=4WWRWXGP&amp;gclid=CjwKCAjw3azoBRAXEiwA-_64OuAjPFVfUSwhDHR5RZGT6zdxpaqggf8DDHlyTowZO2Z6Rdvi-t1s2xoCOQ8QAvD_BwE) are aimed directly at beginners who just want something cheap to mess with to see if the bug bites. They're not good guitars at all, but they're exactly good *enough* for that one purpose. I.e. they're not so bad that they'll frustrate you and make you give up. You can find them even cheaper used at somewhere like Music-go-round. Pick up one of those with some cheap bedroom amp like a little used [Fender Frontman](https://reverb.com/p/fender-frontman-10g-10-watt-1x6-guitar-practice-amp?gclid=CjwKCAjw3azoBRAXEiwA-_64OomQxUKrQ-RhQErLamWClbq8W8PfK5PiBc9ZBzb2UlqftDgARzwFuBoChOgQAvD_BwE&amp;gclsrc=aw.ds&amp;hfid=6799079) plus a cable, and you've got the perfect kit for dipping your toes in. If you want an acoustic instead, I wouldn't spend less than the roughly $160 the above will cost you. Cheap acoustic guitars can be really tough and offputting for beginners. $160 will get you an entry level Yamaha, Fender or Ibanez acoustic that will be alright to learn on.
iPad is practically useless for productive graphic design. You 100% need a full computer. If you're desperate for a 'tablet like' experience, go for a hybrid like the Surface.
Metronome. Metronome. Metronome.
I'd drop Rocksmith. If you want to progress fast you need focused, repetitive practice time with a metronome. Go quickly through the beginners course at Justinguitar.com just to cover any basic stuff you've missed (should be able to do this within a day), then move onto his intermediate course. Pay close attention to his suggested practice method (first part focused, second part fun) and you'll progress in leaps and bounds. In my opinion, the biggest improvement most beginners can make is to work on the most commonly neglected area - Rhythm. Learning to strum properly in a few different 8th and 16th note patterns, and learning to spice the strumming up with dynamics, muting, individual string picking, embellishing with sus2 and sus4 chords, etc. - that's what makes an intermediate guitarist sound so different to the beginner. It's nothing to do with what chords or licks they know or how fast they can do arpeggios and stuff, it's all in the right hand, not the left. Theory will really take you up a level too... at the very least try to learn: Major scale and relative minor, how and why they exist/what the intervals are and how they come out of the chromatic scale, why they are actually the same scale, and what root/tonic notes are. (It's good if you can play the major and relative minor in at least the first couple of patterns) How triad chords are built from the scale. (Try learning all the chords (except for the VII) in the scales of C, G, E, and A (there's a few barre chords in there to practice) How chord progressions are derived from the scale degrees, and learn some popular chord progressions (I-IV-V) (I-V-vi-IV) (vi-IV-I-V) etc. Hope that helps.
Don't think any nebula will amaze them. The awe in deep sky objects is in understanding the distance and scale of what you're looking at, not in the actual visual which, let's be honest, is kind of as interesting as looking at a fingerprint smudge on the lens. If you want to make them say wow - Moon or Saturn.
Generally yes, mold spores will get into nearby foods even if the colonies aren't big enough for you to see yet. No need to throw your whole fridge stock away though, just get rid of foods that were touching the moldy one.
Have you looked through a scope before? Some of your wording throws up red flags that you may have expectations beyond what a scope can do. You can certainly see Jupiter's Red Spot but it doesn't look like [this](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2016/07/27/jupiter-1_wide-bdc5fdc11d0795e6d44899e97eb43c99689e5fdc-s800-c85.jpg), it looks like [this](http://www.naasbeginners.co.uk/Articles/Equipment/What_can_be_seen/What_can_be_seen_files/image010.jpg)
Set a Metronome app real slow, like 60-70bpm. On each click play first a downstroke on only the low (thickest) E string, then on the next click an upstroke on the same string. When you can do it comfortable at 70bpm speed the metronome up to 75 and do it again. Just on that E string. When you can comfortably and smoothly play 120bpm the E string, slow the metronome back to 70 and go all over again but on the A string this time. Rinse and repeat for the D, G, B, and high E strings. Then go back to the low E string. Set the metronome back at 70 and this time hit downstrokes on the E but upstrokes on the A. Again gradually increase the metronome speed until you can comfortably do 120. You guessed what's next right? Yep slow it down and do it all over again on the A and D, then again on the D and G, then G and B, then B and E. Then slow the metronome down to 70 again and alternate pick the Low E and the D, so now you're skipping a string. Then, yep... A and G, D and B, G and high E... Up to 120 bpm. Then skip *two* strings, 70bpm increasing to 120bpm. Then skip 3... Then skip 4 - Low E downstroke to High E upstroke... This could take you weeks to get it smooth, but by the time you do you'll be able to alternate pick with the best of them.
Favorite non horror movies: Shawshank Redemption, Goodwill Hunting, Up in The Air, Blade runner, The African Queen, Casablanca, Back to the Future, The Avengers, Rebecca. Favorite non horror tv: Parks and Rec, Doctor Who, Family Guy, The League, Always Sunny, Breaking Bad, Sons of Anarchy, Archer Books: everything by China Mieville. Music: Oliver Huntemann, Bowie, Zeppelin, Maiden, Slayer, Pantera, Foo Fighters, Bassnectar, Postmodern Jukebox, Frank Turner, Nahko Bear, Mozart, Holst, Bach.
It's the [nebula](https://www.eso.org/public/news/eso1121/). Betelgeuse is shedding huge amounts of outer shell because it's ending it's lifecycle.
Betelgeuse's nebula is 250x the diameter of the star, bigger than our solar system, and full of bubbles of superheated gas and plasma bigger than Betelgeuse itself.
Under the Skin Bug Take Shelter The Machinist A Tale of Two Sisters Dead Man's Shoes Mothman Prophecies The Tall Man Triangle
8" Dob is a solid choice. The scopes are all practically identical regardless of brand, it's the focuser and the accessories that often make one better value for money than another. For example, if one scope has a crayford focuser and comes with a magnified finderscope and two eyepieces, it's likely to be a better deal than one the same price that just has a red dot finder and one eyepiece. But all told, you can safely purchase any of the main brand 8" Dobs and be guaranteed a good scope.
The original *The Hitcher*
Ellen Lupton's *The New Basics*.
I think 15 minutes a day can work, but only if you're using the 15 minutes for focused practice, not just jamming or mindlessly noodling. I try for 45 minutes a day at least. And I make sure 15 minutes of that is hardcore focused practice. I also make sure I pick the guitar up every day, no matter how busy I am, even if it's just for two minutes... I think keeping that unbroken streak up is important. What to practice? Whatever is challenging you at the point you're at in your journey. There's not much point in a veteran guitarist sitting there practicing the minor pentatonic position 1 for example, because it's not challenging them. Pick the thing you're having trouble with the most (for beginners that's usually something like smooth open chord changes, basic barre chords, strumming patterns etc.) and go at it for 15 minutes. I also try to give a few minutes each day to Theory, which is easy because I can do that away from the guitar.
If you want something unusual and very fun, check out 2003's [Undead](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0339840/) I think my all time favorite Zombie movie is still Return of the Living Dead.
An abrupt stop is impossible but fun to imagine... You better be at or near one of the poles because anything at any other latitude that's not anchored down, including the atmosphere, is going to take off. Near the equator, all the people will suddenly be moving at over 1000mph in respect to the ground, so they'll all go screaming off to the horizon. Most objects like buildings and trees are also going to uproot and fly too, so for a time, you're looking at a global mega tornado scouring the face of the planet. Any spot on the practically lifeless rock that's left will now get 1/2 a year of day and 1/2 year of night. Microscopic life that survived the stop, if any, may stand a chance of recolonizing along the terminator line between day and night, where conditions might still be survivable.
Yes, but they're generally only useful on short focal length scopes. If you put them in something with a long focal length like a typical Newtonian reflector, you exceed the useful magnification limit.
How about *The Drive In* by Joe Lansdale?
The highest useful magnification is usually cited as 50x per inch of aperture... so for your scope: 600x maximum. *However*, that number is for perfectly dark conditions with great seeing (low atmospheric turbulence). If you're in a typical suburban setting, the realistic max useful mag is more like 30x per inch of aperture... so for your scope 360x A 6mm eyepiece is typical for planetary viewing. In that scope that'll give you 1500/6 = 250x - comfortably within your limit. A 4mm eyepiece will give you 375x - pushing the limit a bit. In general for a nice starter set of eyepieces, get something like a 25mm a 15mm and a 6mm. Get dedicated eyepieces, not a Barlow.
The scope should come with a couple of eyepieces - 30mm and 9mm. Just stick with those for the first few months. They'll serve you well until you get a better sense of what you like. Edit: p.s. you're aware of how big and unwieldy a 12" solid tube dob is, right? They're great scopes for staying put in a little backyard area but imo too big for transporting around much.
I look. At everything. Everywhere. And ask myself why is that thing the way it is? Why that shape? Why that material? Why that color? Why that typeface? What's it trying to do? Could it have been done better?
Look up 'chord inversions' Also note there are multiple places on the neck where chords can be played. Learn how triads are constructed, then if you learn the notes on the neck, you can find other chord positions for yourself. Just picking the notes in a chord is called 'arpeggiating'. Fingerstyle songs don't often just use straight arpeggiated chords, they use patterns that jump around inside the chord. Google 'fingerpicking patterns' and you'll find lots of info.
Stellarium will let you plug in a date in the future. Just download it now while you're at home with internet access, plug in your trip dates and just note down the location of the things you want to look at.
DSOs are a no brainer - buy the biggest aperture you can that'll still fit in the back seat of your vehicle. For most people, that's an 8 or 10" Dob
About damn time. I'm sick of the red light 'trains'. Just because the first A-hole goes through as it turns red, doesn't give the five A-holes behind him the right to do the same.
As a side discussion, I think CGI itself is getting worse in quality. If you look at something like the original Jurassic Park vs Jurassic World, there's definitely *something* not quite as solid or realistic about it. It's not only because in the original they combined animatronics with cgi either. I personally think it's to do with the fact that in the early days of CGI, they still had to use actors and models as references for motion and light source, whereas nowawdays literally everything is coded in. The result is there's a subtle lack of realistic "weightiness: that our brain can pick up on even if our eyes can't.
For me the CG in the new Planet of the Apes movies is the most impressive work I've seen. Like you said, even with Thanos there are moments where you realize he's not "there", but in those movies, they might as well have been astonishing animatronics.
[It's a very commonly used mnemonic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxNMGNvpzgc)
Nicely done!
Good list here: [Best Portable Amps 2019](https://www.guitarfella.com/best-guitar-amplifier/portable/)
No contract, no leg to stand on. Learn and move on.
Photoshop for raster. Illustrator for vector. InDesign for layout. Imo, InDesign is the most efficient tool for ads like the ones you show. Those ads are approx 2 minutes work with InDesign... if that.
Virtuoso, nah. I just try to be a bit better than I was last week. That's enough for me.
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary - M.R. James
It's possible that the agency has a client or two that they create layouts for. If the layouts have tables or matrixes, it's pretty common for the information to come in spreadsheet form and get imported into INDD for formatting. If that's what they're doing then only a basic knowledge of excel will be needed. Otherwise, like the other poster said, they might be just looking for someone to wear more than one hat and be their clerical/admin as well.
I wouldn't be able to make out the JPT in it without being informed about it first, but as a pleasing monogram, it's very unique and interesting. I would just consider adding legible type below or alongside it.
*mic drop*
I can only imagine the world's worst zipper injury.
Any of the $150-200 Fender, Yamaha, or Ibanez acoustics are all pretty decent.
If you know F just move it up the fretboard. You can now play every major chord. Take your middle finger off and move that shape up the fretboard. Those are your minors. Learn the notes on the low E and you can now jump to any major or minor chord anyone asks you to play. The usual progression after your open and barre chords is to learn seventh chords in open and barre positions.
I don't think the term quick learner really means much when it comes to guitar. I've known people who struggled for weeks to get their first open chords down, but when they hit Barre chords, which a lot of beginners struggle with, they moved lighting fast. Same for fingerstyle, some people struggle with even basic strumming but master fingerstyle super fast. Then there's also a quality over quantity thing... I once had a student who was crazy meticulous, didn't want to move past his foundation stuff until he'd utterly perfected it. I thought it was going to take him forever to get to intermediate, but I'll be damned if he's not one of the cleanest and most technically proficient players I know nowadays. I guess my point is, there are so many different parts of learning guitar, so many subsets of skills, and the reality is most people pick up some of those skills slow and some of them fast.
Alien 3 has to be the worst offender on this front. Let's just kill off Hudson and Newt before the opening credits, totally rendering the struggles of the previous film completely pointless. Edit: just realized it's been 27 years since the young me eagerly sat in the cinema to watch that movie and I think I'm *still* bitter about it.
Learn to tune by ear. You'll thank yourself for it eventually.
Under the Skin soundtrack
I think I'd go with the Octarine.
Paranoia is what comes at night.
The biggest factor to consider imo is how much portability you need. The best lifetime scope is *the one you'll use*. If you live under urban light polluted skies or need to drive your scope away from your backyard for any reason, anything bigger than a 10" is going to get old fast. Imo, 8" isn't only the sweet spot between aperture and price, it's also the sweet spot between aperture and portability. 12+" is great if you're storing it in a little backyard observatory and rarely ever need to move it around. 8" is great if it's gonna spend a lot of time on the backseat of your car or getting hauled from inside to outside to be used. Edit: I should note that my own most used scope is my little 5" tabletop reflector. I can grab it in one hand and head anywhere I want with it immediately. It's the most 'lifetime' scope of all my scopes, even though some are almost 3x it's aperture.
Sounds like you're looking for a Yamaha THR10, though it's a little above your budget.
What's so hard about just saying 'Justinguitar.com'? Or simply ignoring those threads and reading something else? It's not like we have to write an essay every time someone asks.
One of the first, and easiest fingerstyle songs I learned was *Dust in the Wind* by Kansas. It's a really simple repetitive Travis picking pattern and all straightforward beginner chords. Another easy one is *Silent Lucidity* by Queensryche.
I don't see any distortion going on here.
Because the only way to rise through the ranks of most heirarchical systems is to not care at all who you step on during the process. Compassion slows you down. If you don't have to stop to think about whether something is morally or ethically (or these days even legally) right, then you can forge ahead while the others are being indecisive.
To me 'distortion' means bending or deforming something out of it's original form. A poster full of perfect circles doesn't communicate it to me. If your prompt had been 'complexity' or 'quantity' or 'order to disorder' it would make more sense.
Try [Justin's Finger Gym](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDt_4ha9Xjs) I also recommend learning to play all your basic open chords with your middle/ring/pinky fingers as well. This not only gives you strength and flexibility in your pinky but also it comes in really handy for chord changing efficiency.
I think your bad experiences are fairly location specific. Milwaukee has areas where crime and violence concentrate (like any city) and it sounds like you grew up in or close to such an area. I'm sorry you had those experiences but I don't think it's really fair to stereotype the whole city based on them. Downtown, Third Ward, Tosa and Bayview are all relatively safe, vibrant, interesting areas. Walkers Point and the East Side have their dodgy spots but I still generally feel safe walking through them at night. I like Milwaukee because of how versatile it is. If I want to geek out with small underground communities I can head to Bayview or Riverwest. If I want some upscale entertainment or fine dining I can hit up Downtown and the third ward. If I want vibrant bar district I can go to the East Side. If I want a quiet, safe place to live there's a ton of surrounding suburbs like Brookfield, Tosa or Greenfield. We've got a world class zoo and famous art museum, a unique public museum, the biggest sports arenas in the state, one of the biggest music festivals in the country, in fact festivals almost every week of the summer and fall, more craft breweries than you can count, a casino, masses of historic architecture, dozens of theaters, beautiful lakefront parks and riverwalks, and all within short driving distance of scenic kettle moraine countryside. I feel like Milwaukee offers pretty much everything a big city like Chicago offers but without having to deal with the all the grime and smells and anxiety-inducing overcrowding and traffic. It's not a total lovefest from me though. I hate that we're one of the most segregated cities in the nation. I hate that there seems to be a lot of inherent racism in our police force. I hate that I feel like I need to lock my car doors if I drive through certain neighborhoods. I'm not a fan of snow and cold weather. But I don't think there's any denying that Milwaukee has lots of good things to offer.
The moon is actually always the same size in the sky - roughly the size of your pinky held at arm's length - but depending on what else you can see near it there can be an optical illusion that it's much larger. This is why a moon low on the horizon looks huge but a moon right overhead looks small. You have no point of reference for scale for the overhead moon.
Sorry. The size of the nail on your pinky. It's a fairly common way of describing it.
I found the first few episodes rough, but it got really good towards the end and now I can't wait for season 2.
If you repaint right on top of the laquer the new paint has nothing porous to bond to. I suspect It'll stick for a short while but chip off with the slightest ding.
They don't relate to each other in any way whatsoever. In fact they're polar opposites One is an untestable belief system with no requirement for corroborating evidence; the other is method of obtaining knowledge that relies entirely on testable prediction and experimental confirmation.
There's nothing hard about it, but like any other form of creative expression, the difference between the work of someone that's been doing it for a decade and someone that's only a year in is usually palpable. The differences can be very subtle - small changes in heirarchy, contrast, balance, or layout, a different choice of typeface, small variations in kerning - but they add up to a tangibly better product. Some of these things can only be aquired with time, developing an intuition that they can't really teach in college. But yeah imo anyone that puts in the time can be a decent designer. Maybe not always a great one - I think that takes something extra that you're either born with or not (I wasn't) - but a successful one, certainly.
Combination of very far away/we've got a lot more looking to do. Imo a complicating factor is probably also timing. My bet is that technologically advanced civilizations don't last very long in the grand scheme of things (we've been tech based for let's say, a couple hundred years and we've almost wiped ourselves out several times in that tiny timespan). If other intelligences follow similar patterns, it's not only looking for a needle in a haystack but more like looking for needle(s) in a haystack that appear and dissapear in a split second. You'd have to be incredibly lucky to be looking in exactly the right place at exactly the right time.
The only movie I can think of that successfully pulled off being both funny and scary was the 2013 *Evil Dead* remake. The last act of *Behind the Mask* got pretty intense, though I wouldn't exactly call it scary.
Most of the cutting edge research in physics these days is conducted by [huge facilities](https://www.popularmechanics.com/science/g2475/16-massive-scientific-facilities-at-the-cutting-edge-of-research/) that are generally trying to push what we know about particle physics, astrophysics and condensed matter physics. All of these facilities have websites that typically describe all the current research programs that are going on in them. So for a more exhaustive answer to your question, perhaps just look at the sites one by one.
As downvoted as I think you're gonna get, I agree with you.
Do the animations in AE, export as h264 mp4. Embed them into your presentation software (PPT or Keynote usually) and set them to automatically play on slide transition.
The question you're asking is known as the [Fermi Paradox](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox) and there are [several potential explanations](http://fermisparadox.com/Possible-answers-to-fermi-paradox.htm) for it.
I've never been able to drive past a BMO without thinking "Bowel Movement".
Try lifting the chord off, then changing to the shape of the new chord in the air, then placing it back down. You'll be super slow at first but if you keep doing this between two selected chords, you'll be amazed how fast your brain makes that new muscle memory connection.
That's what a certain Mr Occam would call 'multiplying entities unnecessarily'. That is to say, it's an endless argument: What created the Big Bang? God. What created God? What created the thing that created God? What created the thing that created the thing that created God... etc., ad infinitum. It becomes a meaningless argument.
The technique he uses at the beginning is fret hand muting. Basically he's lifting his fingers off the chord just enough to deaden the strings. Muting can be done with either hand but you'll notice in the video that his strumming hand is relaxed and fast and definitely not the one doing the muting. Justinguitar.com has some great videos on improving strumming technique.
Depends what I'm playing. Rock yep usually Fingerstyle sometimes with thumb picks, sometimes just fingers depending on if I want a hard or soft attack.
It wasn't actually the cgi that killed it for me, it was the script. Everything was just so dull and forgettable about it to me. I didn't connect with any of the characters. I think I'd forgotten most of the movie within a week of seeing it. I've watched it a couple of times since trying to give it a second chance but each time it's just drab.
I don't think that's feasible. Maybe if you put in 8 solid hours a day for the month you could play it okay, but guitar isn't something you pick up in months, it's something you pick up in years.
Looks like the technique question has already been answered but I wanted to mention that even with that technique down you still won't get this sound. He has a number of effects on that track - delay, reverb, likely a compressor etc. So work on the technique but don't expect to be able to emulate the sound from that video without other fx.
Mieville is one of my favorite authors by far. Everyone talks abut Perdido St Station but I think The Scar and Iron Council are his best. I haven't read any Stanislaw lem but I'll check him out, thanks!
Imo, go for larger firms, 100 + employees at least. They will have more structured internship programs, better mentoring, fairer compensation and nicer work environments. About 75% of small businesses will either be unable to give you relevant experience on up to date software, be unable to compensate you fairly, or in the worse case scenarios will flat out use and abuse you.
The Haunting (63) The Innocents Dead of Night (45) The Uninvited (45) The Fly (both original and 80s version) The Blob (both original and 80s version) Invasion of the Body Snatchers (both the original and the 70s version) The Thing (Carpenter version) Hellraiser (1 &amp; 2) Poltergeist (original) Eyes without a Face Fascination The Cabinet of Dr Caligari The Horror of Dracula Creature from the Black Lagoon The Devil Rides Out Witchfinder General The Wicker Man (original) Black Christmas (original) The Changeling (80) The Amityville Horror (original) Night of the Living Dead Dawn of the Dead Day of the Dead Return of the Living Dead The Evil Dead (1 &amp; 2) M Martin The Lost Boys Jacob's Ladder (original) The Serpent and the Rainbow The Fog (original) Psycho (original) Burnt Offerings Christine Carrie Jaws
The detailed origin of the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter - where almost all asteroids originate - is not fully understood, but we are fairly confident in the big picture at least. As the solar nebula condensed and the various planets of our solar system formed, the planetesimals in that particular orbit were basically disrupted by Jupiter's extreme gravity. Instead of clumping and forming a planet, they were sped into violent collisions by the proximity of Jupiter, and that ultimately led to the millions of smaller objects that form the belt. There is only one official dwarf planet in the belt - Ceres - but there are a million or more &gt;1km objects. Tldr; Jupiter is the asteroid belt's daddy.
Algernon Blackwood's *The Willows*
The brightest thing in the sky near Sirius right now is... Sirius. You're definitely not looking at Venus.
Imo balance it. A cheap guitar is not fun to play and a cheap amp won't give you pleasing tones. The best balanced beginners options imo are a $200ish guitar like a Squier Affinity or Yamaha Pacifica and a $200ish amp like a Boss Katana or a Fender Champion. Wouldn't go much cheaper than that.
Pretty much just follow an undergrad math curriculum up to partial differential equations and that's a good foundation for hobbyist stuff. Khan academy is a solid place to learn it for free. If you want a career in physics you need a deeper understanding of math though so a master's degree at minimum is the usual path in.
Snow's a comin'
There's two definitions of "shock" and they're unrelated to each other... psychological and physiological. The psychological version is essentially just a panic attack or similar anxiety reaction, usually after undergoing some traumatic event. It's not a medical emergency, although it can certainly feel like one. When you hear an emergency responder or other medical personnel say someone is "in shock" they are taking about the *physiological* version of shock. This is where there's not enough blood flowing through the body. It can happen for lots of reasons including major blood loss from a wound, a heart attack, extreme dehydration etc. It's life threatening and a medical emergency.
Global warming. Evidence: Venus
It's like the writer has only seen ten horror movies in her life and included them all in this shitty article.
Unless it's a tube amp not much will hurt it. Pedals certainly won't do any damage. Guitar speakers however aren't built to handle bass frequencies, so if you play a keyboard, bass or mic through a guitar cab speaker and play low frequencies, then yes you can damage the speaker. So your dad is partially sorta kinda half right. But if you're at normal practice volumes and not playing huge deep sub bass lines with your keyboard your speaker should be fine.
If a star looks like anything other than a pinpoint of light, you're out of focus.
Lots of different approaches are possible, but to me a logical path is this: 1) understand what the chromatic scale is (i.e. all 12 notes available to you). Understand what a semitone (half step) and tone (whole step) are. 1a) Learn the circle of fifths. 2) understand intervals (the distance between notes). Learn to identify them as best as you can by ear. Lots of resources on YouTube for this. 2a) memorize the notes on frets 1-12 on the bottom two strings. It's not hard. No need to memorize the other strings yet and past fret 12 it just repeats. 3) understand the major scale and what intervals it uses. 4) understand the natural minor scale and what intervals it uses. 5) learn how triad chords are constructed. 6) learn how chord progressions work from the notes in the major scale. Memorize the types of chord that come with each scale degree. 7) Learn the most common chord progressions (e.g. I-V-vi-IV). 8) start looking into other scales than the major/minor. Minor pentatonic is the most obvious and useful one. 9) start noodling over chord progressions with your major, minor and pentatonic scales... see what works and what doesn't and try to figure out why. 10) add the blue notes to your pentatonics and play with those. See how they effect the feel. 11) learn the CAGED system and how you can play the same chords in different places around the fretboard 12) realize that the caged system positions also have underlying scale shapes that go with them. There's so much more but the above fundamentals will take you a good 6-12 months to nail down and by then you'll understand enough to map out where you want to go next... maybe modes or inversions or jazz progressions or arpeggios or harmonies etc. Hope that helps.
Voting republican
I don't think I've ever met a intermediate or advanced guitarist who wasn't multi genre. I started in metal, progressed to blues, and now I mess with a lot of fingerstyle and classical. Jazz, bluegrass and flamenco are genres I haven't dabbled much in yet but I'm looking forward to in the future.
It's clearly unicorns.
That is a pretty big stretch but you'll get there. The size of your hands is not the issue.
Satellite flare, aircraft lights, or cloud obscuring a star or planet. Nope you didn't just see a star go out :-)
A good film is a good film, doesn't matter what the rating is to me. I rarely even know what the rating is unless I happened to have seen or heard it mentioned somewhere.
Infinite, or at least a number far too large to calculate or comprehend. Someone already mentioned the 8x8 chess board scenario (more possible game combinations than atoms in the universe). Also consider a simple 4 digit combination lock has 10,000 possible combinations. By way of comparison, a 24 fret guitar has 49 unique notes, that's billions of note combos even if you were only allowed to hit each of those notes once.
Don't get tattoos of movies because 30 years from now you'll look back and realize the movie you loved isn't very good at all. (Source: I'm old)
Sounds like almost every client ever tbh
We can't 'know' anything in a literal sense. All science can do is look for patterns in what we observe so that we can make the best predictions we can about what's going to happen next. Case in point: everyone who has ever held something heavy over the edge of a cliff and let go has observed it to go down not up. The very next thing someone drops off a cliff might just float off into the sky and upend all physics, but since we haven't seen it happen yet we can only sensibly predict that it won't. So most of us wouldn't drop a kitten off a cliff with blind faith that everything we've observed in the history of humanity will suddenly go differently and save it's cute little life. So why do we think entire stars can't just pop in and out of existence? Because we've never seen it yet no matter how hard we look. Can we 'know' for sure they can't? No. But that really doesn't matter much it seems.
Autumn Leaves
When you say you know Maj/Min Pentatonic, do you mean you know them in all the positions, where all the root notes are, and how to move diagonally across the fretboard with them? Because if you know that it can take you a heck of a long way. A huge amount of metal solos are in plain old Pentatonic. Maiden, Dimebag, Sabbath, Ozzy, some Metallica... Add the flat 5 note to the pentatonics and you open up the door to pretty much any of the metal that has an underlying blues, swampy Americana, or country feel to it. If you're more into exotic sounding solos like Vai, Friedman, those in a lot of thrash and death metal etc. look into the Phyrgian and Lydian modes and of course the Aeolian mode (natural minor scale). One thing you'll find useful for any genre is learning how to solo with arpeggios. That way you don't even need scales really, as long as you know the chords you can arpeggiate and shred to you hearts content.
No, those images on Nasa are taken by space telescopes such as Hubble. From terrestrial scopes you can take great images of nebulas and such with long exposure astrophotography (entry level cost minimum $1500). But you will never see anything like that with just your eye and a telescope.
That's Orion. The three stars of his belt are pointing down to Sirius (the brightest star) in the lower left. If you look just below the three stars, you will see a small fuzzy object... that's the Orion Nebula. That's right, you took a photo of a massive cloud of luminous gas and dust where new stars are being born. The star of his right 'shoulder' is Betelgeuse - a red giant that's been the subject of a lot of news recently because it's behavior is suggestive that it could be getting ready to go supernova.
For starting out you only need know the 5 shapes and where your root notes are on the top 2 strings, then you can move around for whatever key you want to be playing in.
Totally get that. A lot of people I know think that. I found it very useful as a tool to make the fretboard click in my mind. I also find it useful if someone wants me to improvise with them and I'm feeling lazy, all I need to do is switch my brain off and noodle over the arpeggiated caged chords... it feels like cheating lol. If I may ask what's your preferred method for beginners to start visualizing the neck?
You mean clouds?
Imo, a combination of things like misperception, deja vu, forgetfulness, false memory, perception bias, and sure - people making up flat out bullshit too.
Violin
Rhythm hand practice. I, like most beginners, focused way too much on the left hand through my early years. Wasn't until I got more advanced that I started to realize that practically everything that sounds great comes from having rock solid rhythm and picking technique.
You do know the difference between real life and fiction I presume??
Do a jazz course. Learn those modes (Dorian, Locrian, Mixolydian especially) and use them to flavor up your blues and pentatonic scales. Jazz is really just the next step up from blues/rock, and even if you don't ultimately want to play jazz, knowing and understanding some of the fundamentals of it will really take your plain old rock and blues to new interesting places.
You should be able to get an HSS Player series Strat for that budget. Imo guitars don't get much more versatile than that. With the flick of the blade switch and a click of a amp preset you can jump from crystal clear fingerstyle to sharp surf rock, punchy blues, grungy gain or Pantera crunch. Of course a lot depends on your amp though.
Are you sure it was a legit MIM? I can barely tell the difference between mine and my American standard
It's totally an action horror
Check out *Outlander*
You only need look as far as the CDC and WHO sites to see what virologists are most concerned about... influenza. It's far and away the most likely to cause a global pandemic. It's only been a hundred years since Spanish flu wiped out a fifth of the world's population.
Totally depends on the song. Really simple songs like, say, Cash's version of *Hurt* I picked up in a couple of hours, more challenging ones can take months. I've been working on Tommy Emmanuel's *Tall Fiddler* for, like... years now.
Don't get cheap tires, a cheap coat, or a cheap snowblower; own a 4wd or awd vehicle if you can, expect to put on a little weight, if you want good food or culture you're going to need to be in one of the larger cities, pretty much everything else is fields, mom and pop cafes, and maga hats.
I never understood the whole strap lock fever thing. When I first learned you'd just find a couple of plain old rubber washers from a home improvement store and force them onto the strap buttons so the strap could never fall off. It's kind of hilarious to me that companies are now branding these things and selling them for like 10x the price of a washer.
Three turns should be plenty. Hate to ask the obvious but is it a brand new string? Have you stretched it out/given it a few days to stretch itself out? Check that it's not catching and slipping at the nut. If it is, you need to file the nut slot a little wider or pencil a little graphite in there so it doesn't bind. Another possibility, much more difficult to fix unfortunately, is that over the years the string balls have eaten into the wood that holds them down under the saddle. You can check by holding a small mirror down inside the sound hole and trying to finagle it into a position where you can see under the saddle. If that is the case you'll need a luthier to fix it. This may be the culprit since you mentioned the string escaping on that end.
Sure, [here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0ocjT3gObE)
There are opportunities in life where others have assessed you and seen enough potential in you to offer you a challenge that seems (to you) beyond you, but they believe it's in your reach. These opportunities are the ones you must *always* grab a hold of and try to live up to if you're going to grow and progress. It sounds to me that in this situation, your self confidence is a bigger barrier than your design abilities.
Technical and prog rock is really just what happens naturally when you start adding deeper layers of theory on top of your regular licks and scales. So my advice is to dive headlong into theory.
I am a fan yep. I hate the dodgy cgi and I hate that it basically renders its predecessor worthless by immediately killing two of the three characters you were invested in. But I still get what Fincher was going for even if he didn't quite stick the landing, and I love the music, the orange glow aesthetic, and the whole depressive, doom laden tone.
Lifeforce
Started "Neon" maybe twenty years ago when I first heard it. Pretty sure I'm still going to be trying to master it on the day I die.
That's a great reminder of how mind bogglingly big the Orion complex really is.
It means you change the bass note of the chord. C/G means you play a C chord with a G bass.
Live teacher
Honeymoon
That depends entirely on the industry and the individual client. In general, as a minimum you'll need to know at least the fundamentals of Illustrator, InDesign and Photoshop. It helps to have an organized and well structured workflow. If you understand layout principles, basic typography, basic design fundamentals, and make yourself familiar with bezier path building, pathfinding, masking, brushes, basic photo manipulation and color correction, and using masters and styles, you'll be off to a solid start.
The area around Fiserv is pretty safe. You'll be fine.
So generally the best way to use one of these is to take it back to the store and get something else. In all seriousness though, point it at the moon, that will look good through it at least.
It's just digital illustration, not a design genre. Go to art school, learn to draw, become advanced on Illustrator, and you're all set.
Most heart-pounding sweat-inducing end scene in movie history imo.
It's standard percussion technique, just look for percussion guitar on YouTube and you'll find a ton of stuff and other artists. If you want to see some truly crazy guitar percussion try artists like Calum Graham, Tommy Emmanuel, Andy McKee, John Gomm or Luca Stricagnoli.
Yes. Save up $200 and get an AWB OneSky.
Generally speaking, if you are playing 3 notes that span 4 frets on one string, if you are far enough up the neck that it's comfortable to just use your index, middle and ring finger, that's fine. You'll see blues and rock lead guitarists doing this all the time... some do entire pentatonic runs without ever using their pinky. With metal and classical, it's a little more important to train your pinky. It's hard to 'shred' or perform those fast legato classical lines without having the most efficient technique.
I was a bit disappointed with the direction it took in the second half, but still not enough to stop me thoroughly enjoying it. The whole first half was just beautiful. That single tracking shot through the town, the quirky dialogue, the phoneboard sequence... if it had maintained that level of genius all the way through it would have quickly gone into my top ten of all time.
Oh yeah, the way they cut the screen to black so you're hanging on every word.
There are hundreds of peer reviewed studies that show it's practically a necessity for older adults to continue learning new things. It maintains brain plasticity, slows neural degeneration, and keeps interest and motivation in other areas of life higher. It definitely gets tougher to learn new skills as we age. As I near fifty, I have to work noticeably harder to pick up some new song or technique than I did when I was in my 20s, but if anything that just makes me even more determined. Everyone needs something to chip away at.
'Spacetime' is Minkowki's model that treats our 3 dimensions of space and 1 of time mathematically as a 4 dimensional manifold. Einstein built on that framework to come up with the equations of general relativity that define how things with mass are going to move. The simple answer to your question is that if you do the math for a single extra curved spatial dimension, you don't get results that agree with what we observe, but if you use the mathematical construct of spacetime, you actually get stunningly accurate results that have agreed with observation in test after test. Don't think of spacetime as a 'thing' or a 'reality' or some kind of 'stage' that events play out on. It's just part of a predictive model of how things move, that's all. It's an mathematical concept, not a literal description of truth.
Humans, no. Human ancestors, yes. Your [tailbone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coccyx) is in fact thought to be a vestigial remnant of a tail.
Look up a folk strumming course, that's basically it.
Is it practical observational astronomy or more astrophysics leaning?
Just follow Justin's course. He mixes in songs at the appropriate difficulty level to keep things fun.
My general rule of thumb is don't even bother with an EQ mount unless it's &gt;$750, and even that's on the low end.
Yamaha THR10 desk amp and headphones.
Creative Director
The five pentatonic patterns are just the same five notes repeated over and over in different places on the fretboard. The key to using them is to know where all the root notes are because those are the notes you'll usually be 'resolving' on (starting and ending your licks and phrases on). Practice the patterns saying the notes out loud, or at least saying "root" when you hit the roots. The second thing is to learn how to connect the patterns diagonally across the neck. You want to be able to seamlessly slide from one pattern into the patterns on either side of it. There are lots of youtube lessons on common ways to do this but imo the best way to learn it is to find places yourself where it feels comfortable for you to slide or jump up or down into the next pattern. Finally you just need to learn the notes along the 6th and 5th strings so that you can pick the appropriate starting note for whatever key you're in. For example if the chord progression you want to improvise over is in A, you'll want to use the pentatonic patterns that start on the A's.
A virus the world's never seen before, that's been around for less than half a year, in a world with no decent leadership and being studied by institutions that have had their funding gutted, and we still don't know its precise death rate to within a tenth of a percent, who'da thunk it.
While I totally understand where you're coming from, I feel like the point of these protests in particular is to disrupt the normal patterns of thinking and behaviour. The issue is that we've all gotten really good at ignoring, or even normalizing, the everyday systemic racist incidents in society. A peaceful march with signs on a sunny afternoon may as well be invisible. I think the hope of the organizers may be that a few people who are inactive 'allies' may be rattled enough by the disruptions to go beyond the initial kneejerk frustration and ask themselves "why are they doing this, are they right, and should I be doing it too?" That's just my tuppence. I've been an inactive 'ally' my whole life. I side with the BLM principles from the comfort of my couch. I express sadness and outrage at criminal incidents by those in positions of power to my little group of friends on social media and then go about my comfortable privileged day. It's rattling disruptions like this that actually shake me enough to question how much a part of the problem I am.
I suppose time will tell.
Imo if the terms 'successful' or 'unsuccessful' can be applied meaningfully, then it's more design than art. Design has a more mundane practical purpose beyond just the aesthetic or the emotional.
Try learning Paul David's [beginner version of Autumn Leaves](https://youtu.be/Pr7qWXClmpk). It has a nice selection of common and uncommon barres and it's a lovely piece to play when people put you on the spot and ask to hear something.
Og, although I think the opening of 2004 is one of the greatest opening sequences in horror.
Learn to Starhop. Most notable objects have an easy set of pointers around the sky that can guide you to them. Turn Left At Orion is a great book for starhopping info.
If you feel like you're losing your familiarity with the Pentatonic, just relate it back to the Natural Minor. Every box of the minor pentatonic is just the same box as the natural minor but missing two of the notes. Try to start to 'see' how they lay over the top of each other. If you're wanting more blues learn the blues scale, which just adds one note to the pentatonic. And if you're wanting jazz, start learning arpeggios.
The Blob (80s version)
Well that was an unbiased and bipartisan source if ever I saw one...
Can I ask what the purpose is? 80" at 300dpi would make for a ridiculously large file. Tbh I'm not even sure it wouldn't just crash whatever design software you're using. I produced large format graphics like billboards and museum walls for a half a decade and not once did I need to use a file of that size. The thing with large graphics is they're almost always viewed from a distance so the quality can be surprisingly low and you still get away with it. For an 80" size print display, I would consider making the file 20" @ 300 (still damn big) and then instructing the vendor to print at 400%.
You can lift off entirely and place back down or you can use a variety of muting techniques to deaden the strings during the transition. It just takes practice, go slow and deliberate and gradually increase your speed.
About 5 years good.
This feels like reading a post from my younger self. I too played for about 20 years then went through a period of frustration, self-doubt, and boredom and just quit. Sold my gear, basically forgot all about it and moved on with life. About a decade after that I for some random reason found myself in a music store just looking around to kill time. For shits and giggles I picked up this little Ibanez acoustic and noodled on it for a few minutes. I couldn't remember much of what I used to play. Then I went outside and sat in my car, perplexed at what I was feeling. I called my wife and said "would you mind if I came home with a guitar?". She said of course I could... Well that was about 8 years ago now. And honestly, I'm glad that re-kindling or whatever you want to call it happened because these days nothing brings me more joy than playing. I'm much better now than I was just before I quit. Why? Because now I play just because I love it and I don't care if anyone else ever hears. It's my little personal escape and it's saved my sanity on many an occasion. Not sure if your story will turn out anything like mine, but I suspect it might. If you played for 20 years, there's something in you that's connected to that odd little box with strings. It can go to sleep, but as I found out myself, it can wake up again too.
That's clearly a complete car that's just half invisible.
Dude, it's a piece of wood. Any agony you felt came from you, not the guitar.
Confusion is kind of the point of HOL. You're meant to get lost and disoriented in the book (leaves = pages geddit). As Navidson progresses deeper into the house the reader ends up getting lost with him. The footnotes are in part a satire of academia and in part a device to add to the disorientation.
By the way, if you're trying to learn this song it's actually easier imo to play it the way Bill Withers originally played it. Same chords but further up the neck with different inflections (not barres), and instead of a strum it's a super basic fingerpicking. [Here's a lesson](https://youtu.be/6iJpeuvoC-Y) if you're interested.
Pretty brave trying Romanza just 4 months in. While the first few bars are often used as an intro to classical it's got some pretty hardcore left hand positions after that. You're getting there though, keep at it. Part of getting those barres is just a case of playing enough that you build up the hand strength and flexibility over time. Make sure you're barreing with the 'edge' of your finger rather than the soft pads on the front (i.e. roll your finger about 45° off flat.) Biggest tip I can give you from watching your video is actually regarding the picking hand. You're holding a huge amount of tension there. Watch your video and see how your hand looks like a tight claw. Try to relax that. Take a look at how relaxed the picking hand is in [this version](https://youtu.be/Q0AJUoR5cmc) and aim for that. Barres though - just keep on keeping on...
Oh yeah I love HWAS. I think you'll enjoy seeing Michael Bloody Caine kicking chav arse.
Are you talking about concept art?
No special title as far as I know. They're usually just called graphic designers and what they create is 'graphic props'. They are employees of the crew, working under the prop master or set decorator, who in turn is usually under the art director who in turn is under the director or assistant director. They're almost never contracted freelancers. I gotta say I couldn't even imagine the stress of that position. The deadlines involved in movies (and computer games) are tough. I suspect those poor designers burn the candle at both ends and don't have much of a life outside of the set. For the design done in a movies marketing side (posters etc.), the designers work for the marketing team of the production company (or sometimes of a subcontracted third party marketing company).
I think the best advice i ever got was "practice on the edge", meaning practice stuff that's right on the cusp of what you are capable of.
The sad thing is the people who elected him don't understand why he's wrong.
Is that Terry Pratchett?
I wouldn't recommend either. Just use justinguitar.com... it's free and better than both.
Paul Davids, Justin Sandercoe, Marty Schwartz, Tyler Larson, Ian Sarasota, Sean Daniel, Rick Beato...
I still don't see any significant movement in the research towards blood vessel disease. It may be that my perception is skewed by what the media and journals are focused on but at the moment it only feels like maybe 20% of the research is into the circulatory system effects.
Look for where the break is. Is it closer to the headstock or closer to the bridge?
Couple of possibilities. 1) your saddle could be too sharp or rough, you can try gently filing it beneath the high e, or if it has a rut in it where the string has worn in, try penciling in a little graphite that will help make sure the string doesn't catch. 2) you could be picking too hard. Pay attention to how aggressively you're attacking the string. 3) are you sure your guitar is tuned to the right octave. I've seen beginners accidentally tune an octave too high. 4) are you sure you're bending only a full step? It's very unusual for a string to break on a full step bend unless there's some other issue. But a 2 step bend can do it. 5) are your strings ultra light gauge? Try restringing with a slightly heavier gauge. I suspect it may be a combo of #1 and #2, so check those first. Hope that helps.
I change my strings every few weeks but I play at least an hour a day. The less you play the longer you can wait.
Let [Paul Davids](https://youtu.be/A0l1ChOM4Qc) explain...
Matter *is* spacetime. They are fundamentally inseparable. If you remove spacetime, you are removing matter by default. The question is a little like asking what would happen to raindrops if water disappeared.
Second? Shit I've got three. If you take me down to one I don't know what to do with myself.
Horror doesn't necessarily require adult content. In fact a lot of the time r rated movies rely solely on shock value instead of a solid story. Some great horror movies have been PG-13 - The Ring, Skeleton Key, The Others, Mothman Prophecies, Sixth Sense, Drag Me To Hell, Signs, Poltergeist, Tremors, A Quiet Place, Insidious, Willard, 1408, What Lies Beneath, Under the Shadow, The Possession, Salem's Lot, Exorcism of Emily Rose...
This is not hypothetical. [Felix Baumgartner](https://youtu.be/vvbN-cWe0A0) did it.
I don't know if there any examples in human biology, but there are definitely some in other animals. Researchers call them [circannual cycles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circannual_cycle) and they are one subset of various types of [Infradian Rhythm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infradian_rhythm).
No need to jump right into the world of Strats and LPs, you can get a perfectly good beginner bedroom setup with great tone with something like a Yamaha Pacifica or Squier Classic Vibe and a Yamaha THR10.
That tone is legendary, combo of a hollow body guitar with P90 pickups, amp cranked full and of course a copper slide, so don't beat up on yourself if you can't get close. Probably the best you can do is go for high gain, mids boosted a bit, and use your middle pickup setting. Tiny bit of reverb low in the mix might help.
The way I look at it, we've just had 4 years of zero leadership. We can only hope that it doesn't stretch to 8.
Did you stretch them in. You can't just tune it once after a string change. Tune, stretch, retune, stretch, retune, stretch.
Such a perfect movie.
I'm not an elder yet (I hope) but I think I understand why this is a common thing. I'm nearing my fifties and decades of poor posture is finally starting to take it's toll. At first my wife would comment, "stand up straighter, you're starting to hunch," and then I actually started feeling it for myself. When that happens you get scary thoughts of being one of those old people who are bent into an 'L' shape and spend their latter years staring at their own feet, so you start trying out things to correct your posture. One of the first realizations you come to is that if you walk with your hands clasped behind your back, it automatically pulls your neck up, your shoulders back, and straightens your posture. It's more comfortable than just holding a straight posture with your back muscles alone because your clasped wrist supports it. It also opens up your chest and makes breathing a little easier. So if you see me walking down the street like an old Kung Fu master, don't make fun of me, I'm just trying to be healthier.
Nice to see a level-headed non-political article on this for once.
Yes always change strings in full sets. Also, you should change them much more often than once a year. I play roughly an hour a day and mine need changing every 3-4 weeks.
The 2nd law is f=ma (force = mass x acceleration). In other words, the heavier something is, the more force it'll take to move it - sounds like common sense but it's nice to have an equation that quantifies it. 3rd law is just that there's an equal and opposite force. So if you, say, kick a ball, your foot applies a force to the ball and the ball applies an equal force back. The ball moves instead of you because of the 2nd law - you have more mass than the ball.
Eh, not that hard surprisingly. I can't recall if mine had a phase where they were tougher when I first started, but these days they're not much harder than the fingers on my picking hand, just a bit smoother with less fingerprints.
Damn! That's great progress for such a short time. Technique looks good, the only concrit I would have is to buy yourself a good tuner.
I'd recommend not trying for deep sky photography right away. Get something like a skyguider pro (or even the cheaper skytracker pro) and play with widefield photography for a while, that lets you get use to the practices of long exposure tracking with minimum budget and frustration. Add an EQ mount and telescope later.
Hard to really help without knowing exactly what you're going for but from a design fundamentals standpoint there are some things you could do... 1) Introduce more balance/symmetry into the clef, particularly in the circular bottom. The 'lopsidedness' is a little distracting. 2) Utilize a typeface that isn't so overpowered by the thick lines of the clef. Aim for balance and even contrast. Also choose a typeface that doesn't have varying thickness lines, because the clef doesn't vary in thickness. 3) Consider left aligning the type rather than using the indents you have right now. A logomark needs to be easy to read from a distance and the left/right/left/right jumping of the text is more work than the reader needs to do. 4) There's no need for the lines. The clef alone suggests them and you can insinuate them using the white space between your words. Not sure if any of that made sense so I whipped up [a really rough visual](https://imgur.com/BXGiuYW) to show you what sort of a difference those tips would make. Hope that helps.
We're no longer at those energy levels. It doesn't make sense to try to build a predictive model of the present universe but use conditions that only occurred 13.7 billion years ago. There's some speculation that at high enough energy conditions, *all* the fundamental forces are unified.
Probably when I finally learned to *hear* what I was actually playing.
True, but misses the fact that it's also very likely aerosolized, which means in enclosed spaces with poor ventilation, you can eventually become infected from someone on the opposite side of the building or even on an adjacent floor.
Completely unanswerable question. Some people learn much faster than others, and there's no way of us knowing what your comfort level is. Some people are happy wailing away and making a noise that no one else can stand, some still feel uncomfortable after decades of playing and highly developed skills.
I wasn't saying the article missed it. I was referring to the comment. Sorry, could have been clearer.
Justin doesn't require subscription or payment except for his advanced courses
What is it with all these healthcare workers? Wasn't the woman who coughed intentionally on the person in the bagel shop also a healthcare worker?
Ah I think I see your problem... covid 19 isn't lung ischaemia. In other news... insulin does not help with broken toes.
No one ever said *evolution* has to go the same way on other planets. Life itself however, only exists on Earth because of the unique properties of carbon. There's a slim chance that there may be silicon based life but we've never seen evidence that it would work. We know that other planets and their stars are composed of the exact same elements as the Earth and Sun because we can analyse the light from them and see exactly what they are made of. So we suspect that anything that we can recognize as 'life' on other planets will most likely need a carbon base and a similar set of environmental parameters as we have here in Earth.
Meh, impossibly geometry is a much older trope than HOL. Lovecraft, Heinlein, and C.S. Lewis all wrote a number of works involving it, and let's not forget that rather popular sci fi Doctor...
This advice would be much more effective if you just skipped the whole virus part and said "flushing aerosolizes shit"
Plants do have a sophisticated immune system. It's just different to that of animals. Plants don't have mobile immune cells that can travel to the site of infection like animals do, so their individual cells each have protections in place already. Plant cells can detect pathogens and activate a variety of different responses such as releasing antimicrobial chemicals, proteins and enzymes that can break down infective agents, thicken cell walls to contain infection, or trigger cell death to inactivate the site of infection before it can spread.
Without relativity we wouldn't have accurately positioned satellites, sooo no internet or cellphones for starters...
Innocent Blood is a really fun one.
Are you keeping your hand consistently moving down on the beats and up on the "ands", even if you're not hitting the strings (aka playing a ghost strum)?
Then you need to slow right down to a speed where you can do it correctly and gradually speed up from there. Use a metronome, start at something like 60bpm and gradually inch up from there - 65, 70, 75 etc... If you reach a speed where you can no longer do it right, back it off a little and practice right there until you can. Btw, that same technique covers *everything* you'll ever learn on the guitar.
Justinguitar.com has it all laid out in order for you.
Ya fuckin' think?
Only one scope worth buying on that budget - AWB OneSky (aka Skywatcher Heritage 130p).
An 8" Dobsonian goes for around $400-500 and will show you a couple of the major belts and the Cassini division. The surface will always remain fairly featureless, you can't see the polar structures from ground based scopes. The closest image I can find to what I see with the naked eye through my 8" dob is [this](https://images.app.goo.gl/eDUkcqjRH8PniyeA8).
The moon blocks the light completely for a maximum of 7.5 minutes. This period is called the "totality" and, only if you are absolutely certain that you're in it, you can observe with the naked eye. The whole eclipse however can last a couple of hours or more, and looking at any time except totality will damage your eyes. The best way to be certain that you're in totality is to observe with a seasoned eclipse observer and basically take your eye protection off and put it back on exactly when they do.
Please let the be true. From: most of America
Any way you can save a bit more? For a minor increase in price you can get a rig that will sound a hundred times better. The Squier bullets are pretty crappy imo. You're better off with a Yamaha Pacifica or at the very least a Squier Affinity. Neither of the amps will give you a metal tone for the likes of Maiden or Metallica. You'd be better off with a Boss Katana or Orange Crush. If those other choices aren't viable, go with the HSS bullet and the Fender Frontman and get yourself a cheap distortion pedal like the Boss DS1, but have realistic expectations. That's very much a kit that you'll grow out of within the first year.
The Big Bang model only states that the universe rapidly expanded from a hot dense state to the cool less dense state that we see today. Contrary to what every documentary and pop culture article would have you believe, it takes no stance on whether the universe was already in existence before the big bang or whether it came into existence during it. The currently best accepted model, which is still very much a work in progress, is called the Lamda CDM inflationary big bang model.
[Here's Justin's lesson on it](https://www.justinguitar.com/guitar-lessons/e-shape-barre-chord-grips-im-111), covers pretty much everything.
You won't be able to get that sound from that amp. Best option imo with amps like this is to use them to learn the very basics of how to play (but not care about sounding good) while you're saving up for a better one.
Here's a fun fact, even 'real' sounds 'aren't there'. A sound is just a movement of air molecules. They enter your ear and vibrate sensitive components that trigger an electrical impulse in nerves that go to your brain. Your brain 'interprets' the electrical signal and creates the sensation of sound in your mind. Nothing physical about the external air movement makes it into your brain. Your brain makes the 'sound' all by itself.
Windy and Warm
I heard a kid in a guitar store play a Hendrix song once. He's the only one I've ever heard do it well. No joke.
justinguitar.com
If the Atlas is a bargain price, certainly pick it up because they're great mounts, but no I wouldn't bother trying to put an 8" Newt on it. Think of Astrophotography and visual astronomy as two completely different hobbies that need completely different equipment. Trying to "mix and match" for both is a bit like trying to find a car that you can use to haul five kids around and simultaneously go 130mph. Nothing you could buy would satisfy you in either direction - but you could buy a minivan and a sports car and be happy. Your best scope for AP (imo and I'm no pro so take it for what it's worth) is usually a smaller apo triplet refractor such as the 80mm versions offered by the likes of Orion, Meade and Explore Scientific, or if you have a bigger budget the larger aperture apo triplets from the likes of Williams Optics. Put one of those on an Atlas and you've got a really solid start to a satisying AP rig.
His site is a structured course that guides you through his YT vids in a sensible order.
No. Newts are rarely ever worth putting on EQ mounts, even the smaller ones. They are for visual astronomy, not photography. If you want to try dipping your toe into AP with a newt, put it on a dob mount and put the whole thing on an [equatorial platform](https://www.skyatnightmagazine.com/advice/build-a-dobsonian-equatorial-platform/)
I felt great after about 2 years. Then after about 5 years I realized that at 2 years I sucked. But at least I was better now. But then after about 15 years I realized that at 5 years I sucked. But at least I was good now. Then after 23 years I realized that at 15 years I still sucked. But at least I was great now. Now it's something like 35 years. And I suck.
Not a bad habit, some of the best guitarists in the world do it.
Maybe news stations should stop spreading stories like this until a full scale peer reviewed study backs it up. A husband and wife couples anecdote about late nights isn't exactly good science.
Space and Time are inextricably linked. Imagine I give you 10 magic 'spacetime' coins. You can only have ten, never any more, never any less. 10 is just the number that is built into the deep structure of the universe. Now imagine your left pocket is labeled 'time' and your right pocket is labeled 'space'. If you want to move at all in spacetime, you have to put these 10 coins into your pockets. You can freely decide how you distribute them. You could put five in each pocket, or three in the time pocket and seven in the space pocket, or all of them in the space pocket, for example. Traveling at light speed is like having all your coins in the space pocket. You are traveling maximally through the space component and not at all through the time component. Anything without mass (e.g. photons) has all it's coins in the space pocket. Since there are no more coins to distribute, that's as fast as they can go (light speed). This is a really rough and imperfect analogy. If you really want to dig into the relationship between space and time, look into Lorentz Transformations.
It's an F to A# flatpicking progression but since they're also using a slide I suspect they've got it in some alternate tuning. At the very least you can play an an easy strummed version half a step down which brings you to E to A.
Ah here's this week's reason I'm embarrassed to live in Wisconsin
I'm guessing you're on old versions of PS because the content aware delete has been a feature of CC for quite a while now. If you're lucky enough with the contrast algorithms deleting a person from a scene and having a background automatically generated for you is as simple as choosing "select subject" and hitting delete with "content aware" selected. It works perfectly about 60% of the time. Even when it fails it usually manages to nail some of the area for you, reducing the amount of additional touch-up you need.
A camera in it's simplest description is just a box with a hole at one end and a light sensitive film or chip at the other. The hole has a cover called a 'shutter' that you can open and close to let light in. When you open the hole to let light in, the light falls on the sensor chip or film and records a picture. If you leave the hole open for just a fraction of a second, you only get a moment of light entering the box... that is you've only 'exposed' the sensor for a short time (short exposure). You would do this if you wanted to freeze something in motion, like [this](https://learn.zoner.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/featured3.jpg) or [this](https://chaceteera.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/waterdrop_hv1.jpg?w=300&amp;h=199). On the other end of the spectrum, if you leave the hole open for a longer period of time then you expose the sensor to light for longer (long exposure). This means anything that moved in your picture during the time the shutter was open will leave a blur or a trail. This leads to pictures like [this](https://img-a.udemycdn.com/course/750x422/1052374_52b2_4.jpg), or [this](https://s27870.pcdn.co/assets/14693544897_84e984a81a_k-1-1-1024x683.jpg.optimal.jpg) or [this](https://www.colesclassroom.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/DSF5622-Edit.jpg). Long exposure isn't only for blurring effects though. It's also used when whatever you're photographing is fairly dark. You leave the shutter open for longer to gather more light so that you can see the object you're shooting. Hence long exposure is used often for still night photography. The key to understanding photography is to understand the [photographic triangle](https://www.kruger-2-kalahari.com/images/Exposure-Triangle.jpg). There are only three things you can generally control - exposure time (shutter speed), aperture (how wide you make the hole), and ISO (how sensitive the film or chip is to light). All three of things things determine how much light you gather inside the camera, and by balancing them, you can create a perfectly exposed photograph with different and interesting effects. Quick example: let's say you take a photo and your image turns out too dark. Well you have three choices to gather more light. You can either: 1) increase the length of time the shutter is open (which will create blurs), or, 2) you can increase the width of the hole (aperture) to let in more light (which will decrease the depth of field - but that's a whole other topic), or, 3) you can increase the sensitivity of the chip or film (which will increase graininess). All three methods will work to lighten your dark photo but they'll each give you different creative results.
Paranormal Entity, or Death of a Ghost Hunter? I enjoyed them both more than PA tbh.
First and foremost check for things that are going to be expensive to repair or replace. Leaking basements, damaged or leaking roof, damaged or old windows, old furnace, old water heater, old electrics/breaker box, poor external grading etc. Those are the types of things you can negotiate either a fix before you buy or a reduction in price to cover. Obviously check for mold, and most states require a radon test. If yours doesn't, have one anyway. One thing I didn't consider before buying my first place that I wish I'd thought about was the upkeep/removal of trees. There was a huge silver maple in the yard that got sick, and that sucker cost a fortune to have trimmed and treated (thousands), and there's no way in hell we could've afforded a removal.
At this point I feel like he's just actively trying to kill people.
Doesn't surprise me at all. Everyone in my part of the city is acting as if there's nothing happening, which is exactly why the numbers of infected [are going up](https://bi.wisconsin.gov/t/DHS/views/Newcasesbyday/Newcasesbyday?:embed_code_version=3&amp;:embed=y&amp;:loadOrderID=1&amp;:display_spinner=no&amp;:showAppBanner=false&amp;:display_count=n&amp;:showVizHome=n&amp;:origin=viz_share_link) The scientific stance remains that if you are within close range (6-10 feet) and neither party is wearing a mask the risk of infection is higher. Outdoor seems to impart a small benefit in terms of aerosols not being able to accumulate in an enclosed space, but the risk is still there. If you have a half a brain and/or an ounce of compassion, avoid gatherings and wear a mask in public.
So the tricky thing about chords is they can sometimes have different names depending on the context they're in. I remember this confused the hell out of me when I first started out, but it will start to make sense eventually. That chord would normally be considered a Dm with an A in the bass (a DM inversion)... and in this song that is what I would call it because if you listen to the general overall 'center' of the melody, it's going from Am to Dm. Under other circumstances the chord could be considered and ASUS(b6) or an F6 with an A in the bass though. Long story short, there's not much need to get caught up in chord names for the more unusual chords. Your understanding of them will develop organically as you play more. Just as note, if you want to play this along with the recording, you'll need a Capo on 2nd fret. You still think of the shapes as Am, Dm/A, Em etc. but in reality the chords you're hearing are Bm, Em/B, F#m, if that makes sense.
So tldr; don't swim in rivers or lakes where there might be shit.
You can't fix stupid.
RIP 33,000.
Some of these have supernatural components but for the most part they're treated as psychological... Session 9, Bug, Frailty, Skjult, Take Shelter, Toad Road, The Blackcoat's Daughter, Starry Eyes, The Machinist, Dead Man's Shoes, The Jacket, The Tall Man, A Tale of Two Sisters, Lovely Molly, The Invitation, The Gift, The Perfection, The Silent House, The Orphanage, Sceance on a Wet Afternoon, The Medusa Touch, All The Boys Love Mandy Lane, The Pact, Lake Mungo, The Canal, Black Swan, Identity.
Yesterday AA said they'll fly at full capacity. Delta it is then...
Yes, same director as Martyrs, Saint Ange and Incident in a Ghostland.
Faint gray smudge. Look for something that looks like a fingerprint on the lens.
It's not going to be useful to you to think of things like "average number of chords in a punk song". Instead just learn the absolute basics of chord theory instead. A better thing to focus on is learning about chord *progressions*. There are some very common ones that you'll find over and over again. There are a million youtube vids about chord progressions. The only theory you really need in advance is understanding how the major and minor scales are made and how the intervals are numbered. You can understand that in a single afternoon.
Yes, that's a great overview book.
Don't need any resources, just keep your eyes open. You're surrounded by the current trends of design everywhere you go. Every billboard you pass, every movie credits you watch, every menu you open, every game you play, every instruction manual you read, every magazine you open, every website you visit, every box and tin you pass in the grocery store, every shop sign, every tv ad... you're swimming in an ocean of inspiration.
It's a law that protects one spouse from creditors, forced sales, property taxes and home repossession if the other spouse dies.
Life tip from an old man... don't do things because of how popular you think they're going to be. A sad frustrating life lies down that path. Do things because you enjoy them. If you like hair metal, play hair metal.
Aren't they just any instrument that splits air movement over a sharp edge?
8" Dobsonian. Doesn't really matter which brand - Skywatcher or Apertura I think have the best value add ons right now, but Orion, Explore Scientific etc. They're all good. If the scope doesn't have a magnified finder, get one, or get a Telrad, or both. Meh to Barlows. And avoid eyepiece kits. You're better off with 2 or 3 dedicated quality eyepieces than with a bunch of crappy ones and a barlow. 6mm Gold Lines are cheap and decent for planetary viewing. A moon filter is a must if you're interested in lunar viewing, she's a bright lass. A blue filter can help tease out some contrast with Mars and Jupiter. An OIII filter can help a bit with emission nebula, but they're a bit pricey. General rule: don't buy anything on a tripod at this budget, you'll regret it.
:-/
Basic music theory first - intervals, circle of fifths, keys, major and minor scales with an understanding of the roots, triads, chord progressions etc. Then onto other scales, modes and arpeggios. And learning existing licks and solos will greatly increase your improv vocabulary.
It's crazy because normally I can make it through the longest, dullest stuff, but this is just making me glaze over. I'll give it another few chapters and see if anything interesting happens.
Basically just get outside of the bigger urban areas. Upper Peninsula MI has nice dark skies but it's a heck of a drive from Milwaukee where I am. I usually just head out on I-94 toward Johnson Creek, or toward the northern or southern kettle moraine.
I don't have a degree, but I was lucky. I entered the industry more than 30 years ago when it wasn't anywhere near as flooded. Even then it took me a good 6 years to work my way up through print finishing and prepress into a steady design position. Now as a creative director who is part of the hiring process of designers I would strongly recommend a degree. There's a few reasons: 1) Larger corporations and agencies don't have the time to hunt for qualified candidates so they often retain personnel firms that they turn to when they need someone. They will just specify something like "send us all the resumes you have of designers with 2 years experience and a degree." The degree is almost always a requirement just because it immediately weeds out amateurs. Unfortunately it also weeds out the very good self-trained amateurs but that's just par for the course. 2) Your portfolio will be stronger. I can't emphasize enough how obvious the difference usually is between the work of a self-taught designer and the work of an academically trained designer. There are of course some truly stand-out self-taught designers but in general I would say 9 times out of 10, the academics portfolio will win. 3) You can use the time spent gaining a degree to work on other skills you'll need for a successful career - namely personal skills. Design is a people job. We are part salesmen, part psychologist, part therapist, part performer, always team player... a university environment is a good place to learn social and presentation skills that will see you successful down the line. I'm not saying you HAVE to have a degree, but if you want to more quickly settle into a career with a better, bigger employer where you'll have better wage and benefits, a degree will truly help.
No tricks really, just practice. I can tell you right away it's not to do with your fingers being too large though. As you get better you'll even be able to capo the 12th fret and still play an A with three fingers on the much smaller fret up there. Just keep at it.
Shouldn't be a problem.
I'm betting someone screwed a pick holder or something on there.
No problem, also your saddle and bridge pins are missing so you'll need more than just a set of strings to get started on this guitar.
