Pigeons aren't bad either so I'm looking forward to this delicious taste sensation.
Dude, how else is the pope gonna imprison demons and ghosts and shit.
They have the power of god and anime on their side.
Honestly, I don't know where these people are getting this whole Cleo not liking Princey Boy bizznezzz.
That's what I call Julietta too.
Yeah, plus when you're in dragon form you can't charge your skills so you end up with this huge chunk of time that you can't heal everyone.
You fool! You absolute fool!
And the head enlargement. Like why did his skull expand up top?
Nowadays it is getting cliche for the antagonist to actually be competent enough to beat the hero to the punch but back then it was still rather refreshing to see someone who called himself the smartest man in the world live up to his reputation.
Dot or feather?
There was the stupid show about shogi with the high school age shogi master teaching preteens how to play.
This man has figured out the holy algorithms!
Soccer/Football is actually getting some attention here in the colonies nowadays. Also a lot of Hispanic folks live in Texas so it's entirely possible!
That too. There's a reason Watchmen isn't just one of the greatest graphic novels but one of the greatest works of literature around.
A wizard who tries to impress wizard chicks in wizard college by whipping out a guitar during parties.
Heiny ideas: Frogman suit referencing the deep ones Old timey swimsuit just him in a speedo Nude. Heiny.
I'm spider.
Spikey Ball Notte: I know that gods bleed
Chitose: hoho what's this?
When she threatens to suck my blood I get feelings.
YOU'LL GET YOUR TIME OFF WHEN YOU FIX THIS DAMN DOOR
He's my wife's boyfriend's favorite too.
A DUCK
BISCOTTI
It's still Panera here in California.
I’m not a fan of the running off on her own and almost getting killed though. Kids like that always make me a little irked.
I can’t believe Ranzal got transported to Carnival.
I get that but also man kid you gonna get ate.
Sister Night was a bad ass nun.
Major wife/mother energy
Always put that bukkake lookin frosting on there my man.
Even with context comics.
Look up Daggering. It's a Jamaican dance that simulates dry humping.
The jokes about Ivanka gave him a boner.
Emily is hot but real life has conditioned me to never ever trust the Manic Pixie Dreamgirl. I married her sister instead because she's got an artsy side but is also more grounded as a person.
Man, we are dialed into the same psychosphere, my dude.
Wha-
You probably didn't mean anything by it but it's been done. Pretty much almost the exact same spot too https://old.reddit.com/r/StardewValley/comments/b08ukn/i_felt_bad_about_always_leaving_my_horse_at_the/
Even a wizard isn’t eating rocks on the reg. She can be both.
Why? This shit is awesome. I would respect my dad 100000% more if he got a hot beef injection from the Goblin King himself.
Can I see it?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THE FRENCH
Even if you explain yourself there is always a chance someone will downvote you. Then you are more likely to get downvoted by other twats who see the negative comment score. It's why some subreddits hide the score.
I didn't mean to call you out personally like that. It's not like I'm hiding in your bushes as we speak hahahahahahahahaha
Please continue to have this mindset when handling firearms so we don't have to deal with you for much longer.
So does Sebas.
Why am I aroused? Wtf is wrong with me?
MARTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN
I also want to make this guy's mom slippery.
Ainz-sama!
YA...YAMEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ha, that is appetizers. There is also "That Time a Girl Did Have a Crush On Him But His Self Consciousness and Overthinking Things Ruined All His Chances With Her University".
"Ha Ha That Asshole Kevin Called the Teacher Mom University".
What about the smell of the corn YOU BITCH DID YOU THINK OF THAT?
Gooble gobble... Ancient sins...
Well nowadays it seems like murdered by words means a light whipping with words.
Twisticular.
Abigail would like to know your location.
I’m hoping they start picking on us masochists instead.
DOT
Your joke but worse
An op hero kills 300k skeleton undeads nobody bats an eye.
Was dropping two atomic bombs on Japan to end the war quickly and prevent more casualties on both sides evil? It’s subjective.
Welcome to war?
K
And Kazuma is like 17. What kind of math you using, son?
What in brother sister integrations
You’re certainly not in any danger.
Pareee frooonce
Heads up for anyone who has kindle unlimited. The first few volumes are free!
OHHHHHH no. We aren't going through this again. We ain't sending no goddamn bananas in the past and making watches break. Fuck this I'm out.
He's not a comedian but he was trying to be. Don't quit your day job side mustache kid.
Whoa now. The DVDs did nothing wrong.
Idk he might be able to commiserate with suffering Subaru.
You’re being such a Steph right now.
Kazuma has always been a proponent of gender equality so he will hire a slave to defeat the demon lord for him.
Good luck trying to hurt Mare with anything less than a point blank Megumin explosion to the face.
You guys get sleep?
Latom
I wish I could see a porpoise... in life. hahahahahahahaha
I don't think it's fair to punish Mare for it. Mare was only playing according to the rules and Filo and Raphtalia were on a field during a game.
IDK you could argue that Tanya is actively being tortured by being X. I would rather have a hot useless goddess than a nutcracker boi.
I flubbed it
Bullets won't work John. Not even in the way you think they will. I won't let them. We have so much more to do.
I want to see what kind of stuff comes out from Nazarick members.
I want maple to murder me.
What is this some kind of Rising of the Shield Heroes squad?
Now that's what I call a pro gamer move.
Wiz is both boob and butt girl. Yun Yun is runner up for boob.
She should just go and use her nasty body to make me money.
I kinda like that the anime isn’t holding our hand to think of these things ourselves. I think the point is we are supposed to start to wonder what is up with this game where the AI is realistic and killing them has real impact on the game world.
The embryos don’t necessarily change your play style though. Like we just saw ray changed his class to Paladin and got heals. He can also use weapons other than his embryo.
Lets see, I would do a smoked brisket topped with a lime chimichuri and toasted coconut fried rice.
Ainzuga plan sama.
Unless they are arresting a liberal then they are true heroes #bluestripeamericanflag
Sometimes it is a pain in the ass though. A big ass oak was literally lying on top of our garage almost vertically but we couldn't get it removed because of regulations. Whoever planted it was kind of a moron since it was like 2 feet from the garage.
Well, they are playing an vrmmorpg where your ever action is represented by your character. So if you're a huge nerd in real life you'll look like one in here too.
DID HE STUTTER?
Turn that frown upside down. This is not a request it is an order. -Chairman Winnie the Pooh
&gt; homoerotic subtext I think this is just Disney being Disney.
It was huge already
Maybe the real bride was the friends we made along the way.
There’s my dose of existential dread for today
Zeus was always about picking up much younger girls so you right.
Thank you for the spoiler tag. I didn't want tomorrow's french class spoiled.
Rasengan fluff.
Lame
I loved that game. I wonder why they didn't have more in the series.
Thank god I'm not the only one to imagine Giuliani hopping around in front of a mushroom while trading riddles for gold.
Are these voters in any danger?
First one then the other.
The professor longboarded to class and his students stand on desks and pledge their allegiance to him.
We doing vore now?
Just wish the author was as good about financial matters as his characters were.
Bows and claps twice
Kazuma attempts to sell off her staff and heavenly raiment.
It was a feels bonk.
A bonk to the heart.
Action sequences have become so formulaic these days.
There was a runner in the olympics that had prosthetic legs. Unfortunately he was also a nut job who shot his girlfriend.
Probably a clasp in the back like with most chokers.
I love her face after. That happened so deal with it face.
Joey from fucking friends Hahahaha that’s fucking brilliant. But this leads to the question of who exactly of the friends could beat Ross while he is in full Unagi mode.
I don’t want any damn blunders.
nice
Lathna is on point.
And the two Eldritch abominations hang out.
I upvoted you but probably because people don’t like Louis CK nowadays.
Ristarte from cautious hero is basically a masochistic useless goddess with blonde hair.
Be friends with demitrius. He sends you a nautilus sometimes.
Send him into skull caverns ahead of you and let him go Rambo till the 100th floor
This and the Senko ED heals me.
Fucking cowards! Give me LionXImpala water works!
Waho Waha
If you clear the area around the trees they should spawn more.
Migrating would be a plus but being erased from existence is fine too.
Yots has been the only quint who has always respected and supported my boy Fuu. I don't know why some of the other quint supporters were surprised with his choice.
Maybe people just don't give a shit what happens in your class
Yeah but I don't think Cutco counts as a job offer
I wonder if having the life experience of joining the marines helped with his acting.
People rag on Schneider but he did some pretty funny shit too.
That we know of
WHY MORE LIKE WRYYYYYYYYYY
Cats can actually survive pretty high falls. Still not a great idea to dangle one out of a window but since megu is doing it who am I to argue?
I promise to watch your totally obscure series if you watch mine. It’s called cowboy bebop.
Not an intro anime though. Anyone diving into the deep end like that is gonna have a rough go.
Skip over the fairy arc and it’s actually not that bad.
Didn’t know that. Yeah that sucks of him.
I heard his mom is nice.
Why do I hear Valfarre boss music?
I wouldn’t want to downvote me either.
Am I not supposed to get what I want at reasonable prices? What I need at reasonable prices?
Luca: my eyes are up here Everyone else: I've made my choice.
ew
Frist of all howdare yuu
The view of Luca’s exposed treasure trail surely put her into a coma.
She’s more bonesexual.
More charisma in ten seconds than the current stooge in 3 years.
Sneeze on some Chinese leaders.
SARS was a virus too. Antibiotics don’t work on it either.
Japan got slapped by a wave once and it did not turn out as well.
Didn’t mention competence since it would be like picking on the kid in a wheelchair.
Well there’s your problem. You’re in a lion hole not a fox hole.
You’re wrong in so many ways it’s questionable whether you even watched the show. There is not permanent death. You’re kept in a separate zone for getting on a nations wanted list which is hard to do. It’s not permanent either as you can leave after a set amount of time. You saw him fucking change his class to paladin just the previous episode. In fact you can have like 5 different classes active at a time from like thousands of different ones. And before you start with the embryo thing that I know you’re going to bring up it’s not at all like a class. It’s like a racial trait in WoW instead of a class but way more customizable.
I knew some other Filipino was gonna bring this up.
I kinda want to see a fat ass peanut with a neck beard.
Is it paranoia when China tried the same thing with SARS?
Do you even read what you type out. &gt;so u can experience VR prison for the rest of the prison zone You know I didn't know that you actually had a real mental deficiency so I argued with you like I would a normal human being. I now see that's not the case so I apologize. Sorry kiddo I'll let you continue having your little freakout over an anime.
I would play the game just for that alone.
You're right, they're both wrong. I should have specified that.
I want to be her ribbon.
Wait, do you actually think those are ravens or am I being whooshed. They're gulls right?
It's already been BROUGHTEN.
9 months? That's a conservative estimate.
Are you daft? This is obviously a deconstruction of docudramas made between 1993 and 2002. In any case this kid is taking art to new strange places.
To shreds you say?
That foxtail was plugged directly into his ass, dattebayo.
Perhaps the bait banner was inside us all along.
Lol hey shit tastes horrible but don’t take my word for it and scarf it down.
Woulmd yomu fmuck me?
Seriously, I hate minions but even they don’t deserve being stapled to the ceiling and flayed.
Start speaking maple
Careful. I hear if you ask too many questions the queen flies into your room in the middle of the night and steals your belly button.
Cmon! Trench foot and PTSD for everyone!
That’s so Cheetahsperm18
O shit! Everyone cheese it he can see again!
Don’t be sorry I came.
Ha, true. It just seemed in line with the America theme.
You guys need to stop being bummers.
He’s being so narcoleptic right now.
Kotoko is so cute.
Kotoko just loves to see people’s reactions to a cute little girl saying horrendous things though.
Plot twist: becoming the goddess of wisdom means that a salary man is now sharing her body.
It was two on one though.
Smug Loli was laying it on thicc.
Yeah that kappa can drain my balls any day.
The giant pyramids transferred to her chest
My response to anyone who says kotoko isn’t best girl.
Nice
You said the f word with this username. Surely you should be fired.
Most people would not be ok with living next to a meth lab.
More often than not meth labs smell like shit and occasionally explode. If you somehow live next to one that didn’t smell you still have to worry about the potential explosion. But if you’re cool with all of that then good on you since you can live anywhere and probably will find a nice cheap place.
Yeah Netflix needs to stop with that binging nonsense.
Do you know my dad?
There’s literally a whole series of comics set in the spongebob universe. What sub are you reading?
Smell you later, children. Smell you later forever.
meet me behind the old k mart.
You should learn about it before going.
Except for the countdown clocks people were posting for when she turned 18
Yeah as if she would strip nude on the exact date.
Why is toshino kyoko leaning into thin air like that though?
Oh shit, that's Billie Eilish? I thought it was Jared Leto.
I've had escolar (I think) and it's not bad taste wise. Kinda oily though (on both ends).
I think it's probably a little overblown or there are some people out there who are genuinely getting leakage but my guess is they are a vocal minority.
The worst dragon in the halidom. BUM BUM BUM
Ross from friends you say?
You are the true mvp.
I’m guessing their Pokémon are much much more valuable.
Gamefreak had us going in the first half NGL.
Owae mou wa shindeiru *Chomp
Nah, it will awaken evil Maple. She will pout and chomp her way across the land dispensing hard justice.
House staring Hugh Laurie for me.
Seems more like you misinterpreted something and didn't stick around to correct it.
Number 3 is bite it like Mike Tyson.
Arifuerta but good.
You've just made an enemy for life!
You gave that man a good pounding! Good thing he's used to that.
Why bother working if you're not going to be paid? Instead of stealing just don't go in.
SCP-NACTWDC Not a clown the whole damn circus.
Shield loli gets nerfed. Shield loli: o kawaii koto.
Got em
I would want my pet to be at my funeral swearing like a sailor. I would use my ghost powers to give it a little treat.
I'd throw a coin to that mower.
Vibrating butt plug you say?
Use my crushed testicles as a pillow
Remember when he wrote himself into his book.
Don't go Kevin Spacey though.
Wow, he really does that? No dignity.
Why did I even go through cock and ball torture for then?
I'd have died doing what I love then. Lewding Keions.
I kinda get why though. If we got a whole exposition dump every episode whenever a person uses a skill we would need 5 episodes a fight.
probably some kind of citrus to keep it looking green.
What do these three have to gain by showering in his bathroom? Nothing, this is clearly a power move and later on they're going to run a train on him.
The mad lad posted r/madlads on /r/madlads
Hell yeah bro!
Man wee pledged not to interfere with the development of middle earth, from what I remember. Sending the eagles as a taxi was definitely interfering but saving a couple of dudes after the fact was probably kosher.
This some real shit.
I give you the best person today award.
LET HIM INNNNNNNN
Also if you do get shit fruit you can always graft in other stone fruit and create a fruit salad tree. You will become more god than man!
I know I want them to.
Hopefully not that kind of lipstick.
Is that Snoop Lion's new business.
Maple's the one doing the eating. Also she once took a pounding but she kinda liked it.
How about I do anyways.
Can I watch?
Anthony Hopkins. It’s mentioned in the prompt that it’s silence of the lambs.
Shia was having epic fights as a normal Tuesday.
Hannibal doesn’t always just rely on psychological fights. You see him take down his guards at the end of SotL in a pretty brutal fashion. I would also give this to Shia but it’s not a complete stomp. 7/10 Shia.
Cool, delete me next!
Wow, nice dick. I'm not surprised you were just so cavalier about showing off that hog.
Maybe now I'll actually be accepted and loved by them.
That's the thing about time travel though. Sure there is the concrete people that he could have saved but what if him being in a coma had a bigger ripple effect. What if one of the people he saved invents a cure to a disease and saves thousands of lives. What if one of the people he originally saved turns into deranged cult member after his miraculous survival and he brings a bomb on a train.
Username NOT relevant.
My friend decided to skip the wedding and just put a down payment on a house instead. Having a whole wedding seems really daunting to me. I hope you find happiness in whatever you decide, my dude.
Why can't I have this adorable angel on my damn island full time? NINTENDO YOU COWARDS GIVE ME CELESTE OR PERISH.
Damn, what a jerk. Justice for FerretWithASpork!
...You serious?
I noticed that being around water features gives a weird noise that resembles the gift whistling.
What time are you fishing? Whale sharks are all day but I believe hammerheads are only evening.
But... that's where he keeps all his tutor powers.
they eat the poo poo
I feel left out.
Thank you.
Ah, I see. The infographic I saw said they were evening so I assumed. But yeah they aren't there after 9am.
I'm usually against paid content but I would pay upwards of 10 dollars to get bb Celeste in my island wonderland.
Eisenhower tried to warn us.
Not even enough to buy out the Abel Sister's stock.
I love Flick's nihilistic view and his excessive love of bugs.
Peppy blonde gets cream all over her face.
That's because pockets in Animal Crossing are magic bags of holding. Magic is canon since we can make magic wands that can change outfits. It's also a post scarcity world thanks to that and that's why your villager doesn't need to eat unless they want to activate more advanced magic like disappearing trees.
I don't think so.
Use overhead view. It might help.
That hurts
Goodnight to everyone except whoever made this shit.
I want Eric to remain alive.
I just heard that the next volume was pushed back for some reason. But yeah the next season of the anime is coming up.
Fair point. I think that was a conscious decision by the game designers to not give away too much in my opinion.
Fair. I just don’t think it’s enough for me to hate her character like some people do now.
Shut up football head.
You could pay for it.
Yeah, the last thing I want to deal with are adults getting tilted over a cute little anthropomorphic dog in a game geared towards children.
I care.
I’m hoping her spiral is broken. I love lily.
I’ve read a few messages and I’m gonna have to disagree with you there.
What?
Lol simping I can smell the incel stank from that comment.
Don’t care.
It at least shows you’re smart enough to hide it. Right now we have stupid and psycho. /s because well I actually don’t know anymore.
The head gets a lot of blood for obvious reasons so if you put an unscheduled hole in there it bleeds profusely.
How can I forget. They’re ten points in the police scoreboard.
I don’t see how anyone thinks that’s related to baseball either
Ok Denzel.
I think that’s the problem with most people. They view their own actions with it being justified in their minds while they see others actions without this bias. Also Miko is a lewd girl who loves shaved heads.
I’ve been wanting to point it out to anime only for so long lol.
You gave me the worst name. PERISH.
SUPER PERISH.
But they also have the big gay.
Does it have anime girls? Does it have hot beverages? If both it should belong here.
I wish you could talk to Mabel too. She's pretty extroverted but I'd love to have a friendship with her as deep as Sable. Hearing her story about her sisters and her parents really cut me deep. I didn't know I was gonna cry in a comfy game about town building.
Who? Who is forgetting this? Ain't no one forgetting this.
Maybe a nice geologist.
Ah yes the ever suspicious floating piece of paper
If only there were a pervasive form of power that could be used to protect these pieces of paper from the elements. Oh well.
No need for the /s he deserves it
Destroy the world. Wow, where do you even get this shit from? at some point that ball will reach escape velocity. Its not going to be destroying the world. And the ball isn't going to escape if nobody touches it, and it's very easy to stop people from touching it.
I'm not arguing whether something is more dangerous than anything else. The point is whether something is "safe" just because it can be contained.
Goes to Anime_irl. Complains about self deprecating jokes.
/u/SrGrafo Dumbledore Chloe. Pls /u/SrGrafo
&gt; the anomalies require a specific and **conscious** activation or trigger. The mask is not a conscious activation. Therefore it isn't safe. Thank you for proving my point.
oh yeah it's exactly like that. I remember the last time someone stole my work and I am still in intensive care in the hospital.
The little bugger has asked me to move twice and I always refuse hahahaa. My annoying villagers on the other hand love it on my island lol.
Hey dumb ass. Plenty of SCPs are objects that can’t move on their own.
Lol like the red disk? Which is euclid.
Right. It’s all the SCP writers who are wrong.
At this point they’ve had more collabs with Capcom than with Nintendo so I have a good feeling that it will be Zelda next.
Every time one of these jack offs want to pull a stunt like this secret service has to babysit them. So you can imagine how many secret service have to be in the area to protect these chumps in a stadium packed with people. Then you’re talking about transporting that amount of people across the fucking nation. All of that for a photo op of some douchebag walking in and out of a stadium cause he got his feeling hurt.
I invoke the right of habeaus corpus. I bind thee demon. Convert my company into an S corp or whatever!
That's crossposting and not reposting though. You have to remember that people are subscribed to different subs so while you might see the same picture in r/chicken and r/lookatmychicken some people are only subbed to one of those.
Because that is the look of a VVVERY satisfied power bottom.
We have to remember that with cops there is no safe word.
I'm sure all the Michelin star chefs in this thread are in a tizzy over this affront.
Mom's turd looking yam and tofu block.
She's more Yandere than Tsundere though.
Apparently it has something to do with birds with yellow bellies.
Mr. outoftouch?No,it'sthechildrenwhoarewrong.
Go crazy?
I hope you've put him on a diet.
Does a man being reincarnated into a woman's body count as trans? If so, this is not a new story.
C.J. Already creeps me out normally so this is a new fresh hell.
I like shmoopy. I got lollipop
Either I'm getting free drugs or finally being released from this mortal drudgery. I'm all in.
That's when the real fun starts.
Turtle power is certainly better than the other kind of power Mitch Mcconnell stands for.
From the looks of it...demons.
Don't worry, some of us do get it and hopefully come November we take care of that piece of shit.
I wish I had Roald's nice house. I just can't bear to let the little guy go so I just keep gifting him cool stuff for his house.
Nah, I get it. If you're not angry you're not paying attention.
If I could never see C.J. again and had to resort to selling my fish to Nooks all the time I would gladly do it.
Did the same thing with Bianca. Goodbye forever. Lololol now it’s gonna nite me in the butt.
That weird interaction with a friend 20 years ago doesn’t seem so bad anymore.
I feel like a part of why Shinako is still stuck in the past is because of this kid. Of course the blame isn’t all on him since Shinako should have cut the cord a long time ago but he certainly isn’t helping.
It’s happening already lol.
Haru yeah but like Ruo needs to back the fuck up.
I’ve met middle schoolers with more self awareness.
The entitlement is the whole reason for me. Nobody should feel entitled to another person.
Ferdie is such a tsundere.
That’s bogus. That’s like if Air Bud got kicked out of the basketball game even though there’s no rule against dogs playing basketball.
That’s nothing compared to milk knife.
lets see it.
I think we will get body cloning vats before we can have a brain transplant. My guess is if they revive Disney he will be plugged into a cloned body rather than make him younger.
Escape? Who wants to escape?
You're asking questions I suspect you don't want the answers to.
Damn bro, it's not nice to roast the mentally challenged.
I heard that Shia Lebeuf was pretty cool.
Is she part pharoah hound?
You ever just pull down your pants and thrust your dick into the universe?
Anyone else think Judy Greer is just super hot?
Maybe papagane will finally sign those divorce papers.
Her dead eyes gave me a boner.
And that tan line on her waist.
The Doctor being ok with genocide depends on how he feels that day.
We talkin prime Adam Sandler though? That shit was hilarious and I still love waterboy.
...PHRASING!
I honestly think we need more inventory space for all our items. We already spend money getting them why do we need more money to keep them? I'm down to 10 spaces for dragons.
The last image with all the hip young adults giving a thumbs up is the height of way-too-muchery.
Maybe since I grew up watching him on SNL I see his early career with rose tinted glasses.
I think she should do a sequel.
The Zodiac Killer's dad killed JFK? Wow what an illustrious family.
I think Kaep could smack those two around by himself with one hand tied behind his back.
As opposed to other fictional works?
That’s the first thing I did.
Yeah but what happens when they get put up against girl born after 1983 with TWERK BE BISEXUAL EAT HOT CHIP LIE Way too tanky.
Sounds like that one show where Japanese dudes ran an obstacle course while the announcers were dubbed over with random shit.
Can someone get me a fresh pair of pants?
My dogs are named Pepperoni and Prosciutto. Meat pets represent!
That polecat has that dudes face.
Also can't all dragons (maybe just the more powerful ones like mym) shapeshift? Like they can just choose what they look like.
I WISH I WERE LAVAR BURTON
What is this mickey mouse bullshit i see before my very eyes?
Do like fishermen count as paying off a house with fish?
Yeah. In the older animal crossings he was much more pushy. The island life mellowed him out.
Y'all are eating old ass arugula.
Same. I don't get home from work till 10:30 pm.
It might be frosting.
I need you to impress Gordon Ramsey using 1/4 of a bag of stale doritos, an old sponge (wet), a can of bean (1 bean), Deepak Chopra's childhood blanket, and shallots.
Isn't Hawk also OP?
uWu double team me with elements senpai.
PRINCESS
If I were at home I would. Unfortunately I'm "essential" ugh.
They look like drawings and this was a joke.
Sexuential sextuplets.
Well, I wasn't disagreeing.
Sounds like the guy pouts then like doesn't learn and then when it happens a second time he pouts again.
I will after I get home from work!
I'm not gay or anything but I would let young Ian McKellen pump hot load after load into my willing asshole any day.
https://i.imgur.com/lQVXjM8.jpg Here’s Johnny!
I love that even in joke comics sylvan tummies exposes is canon.
Now this all sounds awful when no one else is in on it but what about a game where every person gets one OP power and does battle by like raining down 747s or shooting infinite car fountains.
Glad you liked it! I’m not that great at decorating but I do enjoy putting little horror scenes on my island.
Weird creepy stuff I’ve done on my island: My Silence of the Lambs basement. A room with spooky dolls The trees surrounding my campgrounds all have the anatomical figure behind them. Dark Tower inspired pyramid And a little area where it looks like giant bugs dug out the cliff.
Lol gotta do your secret poops somewhere.
English localization [Shush Noise]
And just like any good piece of art you'll probably end up in debt and owing the mob.
HER PISTOL IS SURPRISINGLY AJDF;LADJF;ALSDJF
itaMAKIdas
o7
I DID NAHT HIT HER
One of my favorite authors replied to my meme comment. I've peaked.
Well he did say wearing masks was a Dem plot to undermine his authority. If we aren't in the onion matrix we are onion matrix adjacent.
NOOOOOO NOT SHELLY!
Interested!
Roald
I know what I’m watching next.
Honestly since he’s part of the aristocracy it’s his job to manage this kind of shit. Mynes clearly overwhelming power and demigod level knowledge of books and other inventions kinda almost makes the roofies necessary. What if she WAS a malevolent force? How would he even stop her?
How are you not interested in Anime? Like off the top of my head characters that kinda fit that stereotype is like the leads of One Piece, Cowboy Bebop, Gintama, Deathnote, Part 2 of JoJo, Certain Magical Index, Trigun, YuYu Hakusho. These are just the most popular ones. You want to start getting into more obscure anime and we will be here all day.
R.Kelley had literal fans he would piss on. It’s not just K-Pop.
Beep honk
Crazy theory but Cartman’s mom might actually be more capable than most people give her credit for. When she is around he is relatively more docile than when she’s not. You could see it as her directing his focus towards food and video games. We see what a focused and angry Cartman is capable of and the fact that she’s survived this long is kind of a mark in her favor.
Had us in the first half
Maybe the real Zethia was the Morsel yeti in our hearts.
H Jon Benjamin sounds like Dio Brando but Looks like Dario Brando.
Also unless you're specifically asking for it beard maintenance is your deal.
It's more like Willful Super Ignorance. You have to be plugging your ears and saying LALALALALA to not be able to hear about how awful things are.
Let me show you a way to get a few million for the price of a tiny pinky finger.
It's gotta be that one scp that's like a never ending fish.
彼らしない 思う それ なるお気に入り それ です だが それ 行う
YOU CAME TO THE WRONG NEIGHBORHOOD, WALKING BOY.
Eh, Mascula basically had his redemption ark in the same chapter. In the end he stepped up to the plate. Honestly I don't blame him as PTSD is no joke. How wouldn't this dude be completely distraught when his brothers and sisters basically died to save them (and really did they need to express existential dread when shutting down?).
I think a lot of people can solo standard with chimeratech weapons.
Holy shit, I was not prepared for full on C-word. I thought it was going to be something milder like orientals or something. Nope.
He's not wrong.
I request that the banner image be changed to a man hole cover with broken teeth scattered around. Maybe the sidebar has a picture of Judy Greer playing Krang. /u/good_or_deatheater /u/nursehole /u/Danielbaniel I demand satisfaction!
r/lolice was banned because it turned into a sub where you posted lolis and pretend to be outraged over it. After that they moved to /r/Lolitary.
Me: Kiel what do you have up there? Kiel: A KNIFE! ME: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He's afraid that you get the stupid that way.
Who are you who are so wise in the ways of science?
Good news everyone! It's a suppository!
B E L L Y B U T T O N
Good thing I think dying is fun Uh, I mean, shun n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n knees, knees
HELP, I'M BEING REPRESSED!
I thought they were going to keep going with it. Honestly, it really creeped me out just how badly Euden was going for his sister.
It's what she can do. Her strength isn't in bringing in the big guns it's in subtly manipulating the situation so she comes out on top. She knows that if she plays rugby all she would be adding is just a bunch of cannon fodder for Moistyucky to stomp on.
HOW DARE YOU CONTRADICT ME! I AM UNTETHERED AND MY RAGE KNOWS NO BOUNDS!
Perhaps the Real Euden were the Zethias we made along the way?
Zena is mommy.
Spicy.
What's an RG broach?
I'll drink to that brotendo.
There's a tin foil hat theory that PETA is run by a bunch of meat industry jack offs trying to present animal rights activists as loco in the cabesa. Every time I see a PETA fact I start to believe it more and more.
You can lift entire trees and put it in your pocket, create cliffs and rivers at a whim, and listen to CJ saying anglersona 300 times without snapping your switch in half. You have been to the top and see no gods but yourself.
VAST TRACTS OF LAND
Jojo is like reminiscent of old comic books where like Superman has to eat 200000 pies so he can save louis lane mixed with mad max.
You can leave dressers outside and they will have access to your clothes storage.
And not just kk. They should introduce a new character trying to start an idol career. Your villagers learn her dance moves and sometimes dance in the plaza to practice for her shows.
Kaguya is the only reason I added arguably. We had a great season for comedic shows that’s for sure.
Hamefura, yesterday, kakushigoto, bookworm, and wave would like to disagree.
Well kakushigoto is the other anime I would put down for aots.
MY WIIIIIIOFE
I used to do coop on volk and Kai yan. I thought I was just awful at this game. Turns out that yes I am awful at this game but so is everyone else and that the ai does a better job. So, haven’t done an expert since grace came out.
I mean the dragon might be weak but that doesn’t matter when you’re hitting like a truck running over an isekai protagonist.
I remember the first few months of this game when dark was underpowered. Then Ieyasu came and that was the end of that complaint forever.
I could see it being the opposite though. People don’t like to be reminded of their pain and being around someone so much like you could be very hard.
*incoherent screaming begging you to push the off button*
Noodle armed bully absolutely destroys her senpai.
It’s just the one. He’s probably got a special isekai truck.
Bonk
Should be 3 feet apart to leave room for Ilia.
Where’s Curran! I need his big beefy body to shield me from all the sining!
Just like he retired Mariah Careyshiten. It’s the circle of life.
Seriously, I felt personally attacked.
When I grow up I want to be a principal or a caterpillar.
Also when IDing mushrooms it helps a lot if you get the top part and a spore print.
Let's just say he's the best at being the wooooooorst.
Guys, just shit as hard as you can and you won't need to wipe.
Imagine being old enough to use the internet but not knowing a common fact like pee is stored in the juevos.
Besides the memes and watching a few episodes of this show I know almost nothing about it. What is Leopards deal? Did he really suffer? Botulism.
Google is telling me it's Yves Edwards.
Actually, yeah. Let's look at some facts. Meg and Chris look like Peter. Their intelligence is lacking to say the least and their way of speaking is similar to Peter and Lois. Now lets look at Stewie. Angry, obsessive, a bit delusional (rupert) but also he's smart. Now let's take a look at Helga. Angry, obsessive and more than a bit delusional. We are still missing the smarts though right? Well Arnold and Helga aren't dumb but they're no geniuses. But there is a genius in Helga's family. Her sister Olga is a genius. In conclusion thank you for listening to my TED talk .
The way Phoebe is standing to the side of Arnold looking all smug has me askin questions too.
&gt; 100 Type Guanyen Bodhisattva Is this a Hiatus X Hiatus reference?
From a purely scientific standpoint there's a chance that the universe goes through heat death. What will happen to souls in that state when nothing is being born?
If there's one thing I am very serious about it is saving people from the same mistakes I have. Mainly shaving my asshole area.
I was just reading a thread about Bodhisattvas. Lo and behold I met one irl.
HOL THE FUCK UP
Exactly right! What I said was no hyperbole. Shaving your ass is one of the classic blunders. You would think that it would be great for avoiding dingleberries too but nope the stubble actually makes it worse.
Unfortunately only my lower half is hairy as fuck.
Check out the Toriko anime. Basically it's this in anime form.
Neither does Skynet.
The shitty thing is you can’t even customize it and reset the count. I think gold tools suck compared to regular tools. Store bought tools even have a nice design.
