archie comics reporting for duty
this is such horseshit. netflix in the uk is paying Three (a mobile carrier) to let its users stream netflix without data charge. netflix isn't for net neutrality, it wants a better deal from your telcos
has nothing to do with valverde messi wants a memorable last match for masche
this match is fucking crazy man, these guys are fucking married or what
messi catching the ball mid-air, this is what you use slow-mo for fack
i think messi won't want to humiliate, usually second half they take the foot off the accelerator
missed a lot of matches, some he was regular, mostly he is on point with runs down his lane and covering his corner of defence. but this today is crazy offensive, celta's gaps also have an influence though
MMEEEEESSSIIIII
masche with the offside trap, guy controls last line like a general
dembe had 3 chances to pass for a guaranteed goal. he's the same as was at dortmund
he better get in line with barça passing, his shit that he pulled on reus is not going to fly here
i watched some dortmund games during champions, loud sighs when he started a play and decided to end it himself against the obvious pass
vermaelen can't learn barça to save his life. recover the ball and kick it right back to enemy territory, ffs....
pfff vermaelen taking over for masche is a travesty
man, it's annoying for pure fanboys who just go for name, rather than watching the actual game and their actions. nobody gives a shit about passing, accuracy and the right ideas anymore. it's just fishing for impossible goals and forget about the basics of good football. not passing to your teammate when he is wide open is the fucking opposite of good football
i don't give 2 shits for valverde. guy thinks putting aleix vidal as a right wing forward was smart. barça style will remain Despite of him. if you play to win, you make the decisions that most likely will get the goal, not fish for personal glory
what do you mean, when was he bought for then?
no. the reason they voted out was a combination of the refugee crisis, and people like nigel farage convincing britons that their lives are shit (1) and it's because of immigrants (2). nevermind having among the highest gdp per capitas, lowest unemployment rates and fewest reception of refugees in the eu fuck the brits for buying into that
vermaelen has yet to take a ball past the midfield line without kicking it into infinity. vermaelen can't help himselffrom running back tohis own area instead of going forward to put pressure. vermaelen can't even figure out how the fucking diamond works makes no goddam sense he's back and as a starter no less
it's like selective reality, then brigades of fanboys, and later on opposite people who go through the heavily downvoted comments, etc. there's very few people who try to just describe and comment on the actual game; either just waiting for moments that fit their narrative, like suarez actually hitting one between the 3 posts
this, we won't disappoint
is it so hard for you to discuss the truth?
yes, both of them
it's a combination of having virtually nothing on midfield left, and having a static vermaelen just standing in the 2 squared metres he calls his responsibility
you can't have 6 of ours attack, if you then compeltely fucking ignore your role in stopping counter-attacks at source. has nobody seen the fucking matches we played well before puyol and xavi left??
he's a facking idiot. he's playing defensive, when eusebio's repeated strategy against us is to play barça-style. valverde is a fucking loser
brace yourself for downvotes
no foul on rakitic, bullshit ref call
FUERA FUERA
piece of shit strategy. piece of shit manager. empty fucking midfield. half a billion on field, shit is hard to believe
least we forget andre "barely awake" gomes
quite logical really, rival stadium, heated hopeful emotions, you just threw cold water over them
"busquets"
i'm sorry, telling it like it is isn't welcome on r/soccer
true
you haven't watched his games then. he knows where his place is in a barça midfield, to attack and defend, to try and stop counters as they happen, to position himself in free spaces, ready for alba's run or connect with messi down center lane. you're a blind fool if you think either gomes or rakitic have any feeling with the 3 ahead of them
great run, but not something he has anybody used to. if you re-watch, the defenders who are so keen to pressure apparently make a "mistake" not covering his intention closer - and it's not that they're dumb, it's that eusebio studied barça and correctly recognised that suarez rarely ever gets a running pass, and even less times makes something of it. that the connection then came with paulinho and not messi is even stranger. i don't want to take away from the great goal, but barça depends on a great deal more than opportunism. it is used to keeping the ball, and strangling any counters - not being caged on its own half and just trying for random long balls
there you go with your fantasies. there's a distinct lack of catalan culés round these parts. unlike the average american fan, we're not glossing over all the wreck performances
tell me half those matches wasn't messi alone carrying?
we both know that that's more because of messi, than the haggrid team valverde has put together
20m between a barça defender and a barça midfielder
wat
nobody credit the run from sergi roberto
my point was, where i'm from, pessimism is the norm
lol, he just fucked 2 barça players then kicks his own teammate? what was that xD
i don't know what is going at madrid, for me it's mostly overdependence on players that are getting old and not having last year's reserve players anymore - but whoever says zidane is a shit coach, clearly knows nothing of football
because valverde logic. but, you put a guy who plays on right field, you take off someone on right field. i would have taken out rakitic, but he's a hair more defensive than paulinho
alba should've taken a shot man
2-0, and at least two goals have come from inexplicable la real mistakes
he is a shit manager. two la real mistakes and one run by s roberto
thought i made that quite clear, yes. but doesn't change that the strategy is dumb and that he shouldn't play gomes or vermaelen
keeper: not possible. - statue - whoosh
yes, still can't believe suarez didn't miss as is tradition, good goals
i was only half-kidding. in my edit i said he's no replacement for xavi - if any, that would have been s roberto, before he was forsaken to play as right back defender inexplicably. but out of the pick - paulinho, rakitic, gomes, arda, rafinha - denis has so far been the one with the most connections with defence and attack. the whole point of a midfielder is to connect, and more so in traditional barça where he acts as the pivot of diamonds and starter of plays. you can count on one hand the amount of plays rakitic and gomes have ever created here. the philosophy of attacking football is borne with a midfield that both pressures and acts as first line of defence when suffering counter-attacks. s roberto and denis suarez understand this because they're raised in the same damn system that xavi iniesta messi and busquets went through. why keep hiring fucking outsiders that are inept at adhering to this style, rather than completing the formation of the people we've had at school for two decades?
he is a reject defender-right - he has no fucking place as a forward-right
espanyol fans being espanyol fans.
instead of aleix vidal he takes out denis, pff....
bad idea by rafinha, should have kept going til we had a triangle
VAMOS PIQUE STRIKER!
and rakitic with the shit pass
refereeing is a relative task. you bully on a guy all night, you set the bar higher for what counts as a yellow
guy who scored by the way, rakitic's marker... useless attacking, beyond useless defending
can't expect magic all the time.eventually a tough gae comes along, and the shambles that is barça midfield makes everything crumble
watch how espanyol hears nothing for their fans launching shit at cillessen
mañana
makes a 7 minute video about making a shitty bedside table put together with glue, only to reveal 5 minutes in his grand secret of a cavity for your qi charger. you could just put a counter-top on any existing table with a cavity too. this video and concept is so long and awful, the amount of suckers pumped up to go buy power-tools to make this piece of crap ikea reject
settings &gt; update &amp; security &gt; device encryption you need to use a ms account (ie. an @outlook email) instead of regular windows login. haven't tried it personally, hope someone can chime in and correct me if this is crap
stupidest decision all season. he's worth 10x vermalen
se acabó amigos
the idea of putting more attackers was good, but the execution was very poor. where even is carrasco?
cholo is such a sore loser
verm is 32, masche 33. masche has won everything for us. vermaelen had a sabbatical first year, so bad in second year he played a handful of matches, then watched from stadium. third year gave him away for free. fourth year valverde hasn't a clue about him and he gets a few lucky breaks while messi carries the whole team. and having pique and umtiti as the only proven cb's is hardly solidified. the new colombian guy might turn out to be a dud just like mathieu. watch when both pique and umtiti are out - not only a shaky midfield, the we'll have a hole down front and centre
champagne has got to frame that yellow card
for starters, he won 2 champions leagues, back to back
last year when barcelona wasn't winning shit, they would say in relative "you know why it is? because zidane keeps rotating his stars". other commenters called it "arrogant" today, that he gave chances for reserve players up until the last 20 minutes. it's not arrogance, it's sticking to your philosophy for a bit too long. not playing a proper midfield, and giving kovacic so much responsibility after consecutive poor performances is a mistake, but one of execution not in idea. madrid is so fucking quick to throw it all away to hell - the guy that won 2 consecutive fucking champions, is about to be sacked for what, 2 months of bad games? it's ridiculous. blame your primadonnas like cristiano, and unfortunate injuries of ramos and casemiro, who have no clear replacements. this guy who was idolised the same as player as until recently as manager, the world-over, who raised even his own kids in madrid reserve, you're going to sack him after not even half of a bad year? jeez.
with aleix vidal and rakitic on right field, we have no right field
why do you people keep upvoting these ad-bots?
can't pass that soon coutinho, you in spain now
he needs to learn the pass-back too, iniesta was waiting alone
if suarez could connect one for once
much rather have munir than paqueto alcacer or deulofeo
you see how iniesta just waited there, you wait for to give the pass-back, he's running towards
he's practically playing the same formation, the only change in strategy is running backward when losing the ball, instead of pressuring, like barça would..
half a billion on field, still can't sort out midfield. seriously, you can't find anyone who is capable of defending and attacking simultaneously? we have a whole fucking reserve for this e: caps
the main reason we kicked out lucho is because we no longer have a strong midfield since he sidelined xavi for rakitic. as you can see from this goal, where no one was in midfield to stop the counter-attack, the problem remains unfixed
who *is* no. 7 then?
relative only to messi
it isn't valverde, it's messi deciding he'll carry the team, once again
other than iniesta, the rest of the midfield/attack don't have the confidence
you still need a midfield right than can attack and defend. that knows how to make a play, and where to stand to stop a potential counter-attack. to initiate a pass-and-run that doesn't end up on the fucking other side of field within 5 seconds. to come help relieve pressure on the defenders. to walk into spaces. to have some sense of fucking teamwork and not just obsession for messi magic
100% messi magic reliance
stegen just likes giving me palpitations
what are you doing to sync them together?
i don't need alba as much as i most fucking definitely need s roberto, for either paulinho or rakitic
these are the days when there are 5 barça players in box waiting for a pass that doesn't make it
you mean, he has to carry more than 5 players, minimum 10
there is only so much a guy who was raised his whole life as midfield-right can do as a right-back defender
3 years, since xavi left
how do you miss that ffs
bullshit, he's played something like 4 full games, and s roberto has been forsaken to defend for the rest of his fucking life
what? i am a barça fan crying that barça only equals messi now. in fact it equals messi minus the people he has to carry most of the time
suarez is being a dirty cunt
defend him all you like, the amount of offside and inexplicable misses in front of an empty goal speak for themselves
ibai is not gonna let that one go, i guess with reason
this is where the rules are useful. normally you relate a handball to a previous similar handball, and assimilate the ruling. but this one looked so unusual, it's as if his arm shot back from an unexpected impact. usually for a handball there is at least some intent, and there is a certain unnatural movement towards and resistance upon impact. still there will be unending arguments about this for the next couple days
i didn't decide it, you fucking moron, i asked a fucking question
i'll have a look at the post- analysis again, my stream kept dropping like fuck. since his first year though, digne went to work straight away. maybe he had an off match today, i need to re-watch, but he has enough capital on me for one bad match. i'm used to seeing him make the runs and track back as required. i did see him make a shot instead of passing, but that play was going on endlessly otherwise. but i'll re-watch see if he did suck today
ok, i'm sorry too
right back is really weak, silva and iniesta are making themselves redundant, thiago is failing unnecessary passes again, but i like the pressure up front
after carvajal injury, couldn't they have called him, or too late?
it's not time for magic just yet
i think it becomes that when one of the defender or midfielders from 433 go up
ramos and isco they said on the news were going to miss the first friendly, but be back vs tunisia
fingers crossed, best spanish right back
even at slow motion that shot is too fast to follow the ball
jajaj que verdad xD bueno, al menos hay cantidad de centrocampistas que controlan el juego y ponen presión arriba - pero la banda derecha atrás me preocupa si no llega carvajal. aún, espero le metan un buen puñado de goles a portugal en la apertura! creo pasaremos casi seguro la liguilla y luego contra rusia/uruguay en 16º, pero en cuartos fijo nos topamos o francia o argentina y allí ya creo será complicado si sus estrellas están en forma
you can probably use any 2.5" ssd to replace your laptop's 2.5" hdd. there are good articles and videos around that show how to do it step by step, but basically involves either copying your whole hdd to ssd via a usb accessory then simply replace the drives, or you can start with a fresh drive and install win10 with a usb installer (link in sidebar). your pc has very nice and expensive cpu and ram, it's odd it didn't already come with an ssd, but you will notice the speed boost immediately
this is the kind of project that titillates my fancy - bon chance, i'm sure the students will appreciate
https://media.elobservador.com.uy/adjuntos/181/imagenes/025/778/0025778095.jpg
cristiano: "at least i have a mother, suuuuuu"
thiago and odriozola are playing like shit
pressuring really high up, had two chances to finish already
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e7/FC_Krasnodar.png
any specific format? what would i have to send to tell it to make the thread for this match for example?
forget the english, they may have invented the game but they know shit about how to play. the english are so shit, they are minority in their own league. just now another goal that just needed finishing. tunisia is playing football
that corner flag being a bro xD
just have asensio anywhere on the field, and spain is 2x(spain)
couldn't agree more. more and more teams think spain is toothless and leave the 2-3 men at front with only 2-3 defenders around and instead pressuring in spain's half. then, when a midfielder fails like thiago and isco are doing multiple times here today, everything comes down
iniesta and silva are playing in the same position makes one redundant. also, rodrigo is not at this level to be playing here
i worry that the association has selected a location that doesn't share the same weather as the locations they will go to play. in brazil they selected somewhere way colder and wetter. here they're choosing a location uncharacteristically warm
honestly, it should be either iniesta or silva, both play the same football. or you have to change to a 442 proper, not pretend the two actually complement each other in different positions
hey, andre gomes wasn't even called, you should worry
half the time, i saw them both on left side. i can't believe i'm saying this, but there's an excess of midfielders on field right now
jordi alba for aspas? what the fuck?
because this is most likely the team you will see again in 6 days against euro 2016 champion portugal
changed from 433 to 343 yes, when took alba out for aspas
i feel that players like iniesta and ramos don't play at half speed, but that run up to 2010 wc was also strange
minuto 10, le muerde la oreja a un portugués, y adios mundial
the grounds are 5-star without a doubt
no, valverde takes him out at min 60, when we're losing 2-0... for andre gomes
incorrect answer. try "tienda" - your language is in spanish
this is such subjective bullshit
you saw how ricciardo and raikkonen just raced in turn 3-4, where there's enough respect from rai not to just ram into ric? yea, that's something stroll doesn't have, that he doesn't consider hartley trying to race him as equals
exactly, it's so underwhelming. during the match i saw at least two iranian girls cheering, one with the flag after a goal, and another painted up in white between two dudes painted green and red on either side. no veils. that was a hell of a lot more significant than this stupid article
because they're not allowed to drive anyway
isco should have left silva to shoot there
inshallah
83%
acoustic terrorism
looking like a hard fought tie so far
&gt; for club and country, biggest cunt in football - me, 10 years recurring
&gt; y otro al suelo canción del verano, cago en la leche joder
3 more - what a fucking joke
all i see is a red pinball table
this is what spain has to do, play faster, madrid style - tiki taka for another day
lucas vazquez is doing something, it's like greasing the gears, pinta mejor esto coño
i know you guys predicted the own goal, i love you
NOW IS THE TIME TO SCORE MORE GOALS
A POR ELLOS, OOOEEE
this guy doesn't watch football
it could also win 3-2, no wait, it could also win 5-1, even 10-1
i know it's against their religion, but eat a dick iran
on the other hand, your pharaoh hats are the shit
asensio , bring him on any minute 0-90, automatically your team improves 10x
no mames guey
and now, summer hits from 2018 HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH HHHWWWWAANNNNNNNHHH
GIVE ME IRAN MEMES 2018 - DIVING - 10-0-0 - OWN GOAL - ROLLY POLY THROWN ON I WANT IT ALL!!!!!
isco is great, but he is not playing team. he doesn't even try once to set up the forwards
they're not going to win, not least their manager has a conflict of interest, but at least they'll play football, and not this garbage
cmon man the irony of parking the bus then helping the rival score
picture this, if you played football from minute 0, you could be through to the next stage today and made history
all key defence positions covered by ageing overvalued players, no midfield, and chain messi to a handicap of higuain and aguero and an invisible dybala. they barely made it through the qualifiers, this match shouldn't be a surprise
argentina is filled with showcase players. otamendi was shit at valencia, but one good game vs barcelona buys him a ticket to manchester city and cements his place in his nt. and still to wonderwhy he is shit for both club and country. we all know as football fans that money doesn't mean results, but for the argentinian fa the repeat association of players valued at messi's level is completely the doing of power transfer agents. fc messi barely made it through to russia only a few months back, the result today against a team that actually plays football shouldn't be such a surprise
wow
and that your left lane is just open
23% being the keeper
sweden with the chicken football
i'm staring at claesson no. 17 - guy is doing literally nothing
this "infallible var" thought is losing weight each day. but i guess it's a start
democracy can also be changing your mind... it doesn't mean being stoic in the face of self-inflicted hardship
reminds me of iceland 2 years ago xD
why do you guys rate muller so highly
choke more, guidetti
of course it was guidetti
hey sweden, this is why you pressure at midfield, not give a foul 10m from goal
pathetic sweden, drown in tears, what a stupid strategy and loser minded forwards, deserved loss
dude, in that last play he didn't even go pressure; and the other way, the most obvious pass he doesn't cover until too late, and gives a foul 10m from goal. what a fucking moron. and claesson before was doing even less, completely invisible. sweden are shit, glad they lost
neuer took that thump to the face like a champ
and rakitic was a gaping hole in right midfield and still is today. generational change my fucking balls. puyol left without replacement, dani alves wasn't even fought for to renew him. lucho came in after messi lost a world cup and was ready for revenge even if it meant carrying the whole team at times
it's a world sport, minus loud americans that don't see how decent their national team is at football. this month gets more viewership than the rest of sport year combined
what is so wrong with your brits that you have this cunt on tv all the time. you're masochists
chaotic passing play, fun to watch
80% hames, 5% mina, 15% the milk that made him this fucking tall
select the most overvalued, complain about the refereeing, genius
up there with iran girls
the bouncing up and down also helps!
it's chaotic, it's fast, it's risky af, it's also fun as hell to watch
D:
stream from mobile
!remindme 1 hour
true dat save his usenrame too: &gt; Real_Prince_Myshkin [+1] 9 points 8 minutes ago I will tear my balls off if this Poland scores a goal in this match.
mina is not good at defending. it's a pity, because he plays as a defender
they put on this face like your parents would, saying everything's fine, and your dog died last week
seriously, he's been shit every single game, and i love the guy, but he's shit right now
isco doesn't give him a ball, but yea costa only held the ball like twice
seriously, it feels like camacho is directing the team. fuck passing, trying different things... let's just worry about defending this fuckshit of a result
hierro is shitting bricks, camacho mode on
la que van a liar fuera del estadio
hierro went into full camacho mode after first half, shitting bricks after morocco's 2nd
england and belgium haven't faced a wc worthy rival yet, but uruguay are definitely contenders
a diego costa seguro le sale el tarzán que lleva dentro xD
i don't think you're allowed to play with blood showing
france
chup kar mader chod! xD
maybe he just wanted to get home alive
this match is the premier league in a nutshell. overhyped, overrated and overvalued players, lots of running up and down, barely any possession, and as much football as soup on your fork
overhyped af
enjoy your overvalued league, with [64.6% foreign players](https://www.transfermarkt.com/wettbewerbe/europa)
somehow? this is a certainty
falcao isn't injured..
england didn't win because they're shit, you're neither dishonest or mastermind strategists
same as every wc then
sushis all around!
colombia-england is the only match i got right on my pre-wc bracket
retratado
mbappe motm
david hasselhoff with the ratings share, ou yea
portugal reminding suarez that they are kings of light touch dives
atletico defence, one of the least goalled
suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
godin gimenez caceres, dominating their space and hurting in counters /corners
what is that supposed to mean?
GOL DEL ARQUERO!
for the equaliser then eder for the finisher xD
underrated his importance for uruguay
seriously. not only does uruguay not get to waste 2 minutes with a good reason, but portugal get to play 2 minutes against a team of 10
stuani has had a good season at girona
not enough time for that before someone blocks, and those who don't usually score look at the ball a lot more than the goal or the rivals in front (is my theory)
# Aparquen el autocar!
at least cavani was tracking back. this guy, pff... girona had some good attacks, but their defence was completely anti-empathetic
santos asking for the var xD
complain more about the ref
and hopefully not for hte next wc either - cristiano will be 38 and messi 35, i don't think either will be around
that is so funny :D rondo!
time to let go, so many good footballers abound, new good football from other parts other teams, football itself will not end
was gonna say the same. at least have the subs be in the original language
this has more to do with the decline of aapl stock - check for yourselves, it's down 22% in the past 3 months. i'm guessing the $1200 price tags and descent into becoming a fashion statement have taken some toll on their revenues. like some guy commented: seems like the company is being run by an accountant; can't sell quantity? hike the price! let's see how that goes for them
wouldn't your isp / vpn and anyone sniffing your wifi traffic also be able to see the url you are requesting (and thus your password)?
ctrl+L is more universal i think, works on all browsers
you can also hit f2
this shortcut is such a headache if you have different languages on your pc - if you don't know about it it is very common to suddenly have the keyboard layout change randomly. it's one of the first things idisable, deep down in accessibility shortcuts. win+space is a much more visual and correct shortcut (rare to hit those two keys together by accident)
get rid of it, use win+spacebar
i don't even watch basketball, but 2 olympics in a row "who tf is this guy with the sleeve?!", at a level like straight outta space jam
or use any order, but letters for the month Dec-03 '18
i know you're being sarcastic, but hi-res videos on youtube load quicker and lose almost no frames while using a fraction of cpu. check for yourself
k
open about:flags in edge to change your vp9 setting
my point was that edge does have vp9 support, and it should kick in automatically on default installations
i mostly agree, i was just offering an alternative that doesn't depend on the placement of the numbers. roman numerals also works
sure yea. i didn't see your edit there above. i know you're trying to point that 19 or 18 may be confused for month/year, but i disagree since there's a clear marking. at least less so confusing than 03-12 which is indistinguishable and no marking to indicate the contrary. personally i prefer the yyyy.mm.dd because most people get it first go, but with the many times even this "universal" format has led to misunderstandings (on either side of the pond), i prefer writing the first three letters of the month and avoid all doubt (and language has never been a problem given the context)
no. i said that edge is better at hi-res videos on youtube. it would be a pity if edge stopped existing, because older/crappier laptops struggle with chrome. also it's nice when playing games to watch videos in the background and it not taking like 50-60% cpu usage
Hey Plungi, what the heck you wearing? Clean clothes that are also your size because you eat well, exercise and do your chores on time?!
right there with you. you have to be a british snob to get it; this one you just have to be in the mood for laughter, everyone is welcome
sure it is cupcake, that's why so many more people watch the british version
yes and i agreed
yes because liking the version that everyone likes as opposed to the version only a handful of pricks like is having no sense of humour. carry on i guess
such success!
because this the office is so shit nobody watches it anymore
no of course, that's why every day i see tim and dawn memes, because quality
he doesn't know the system: he doesn't seek space, his passes are compromising, and he refuses to fucking learn spanish
i think vidal is much better fit than arthur, if rakitic is in lineup; brings a lot more offence
fuck me, this might be an avalanche today
messi doing that pass as if he has an eagle's eye view of the fucking pitch. pushed down, gets up, microsecond angled pass - wtf
he has scored goals. he has also missed many goals. his errors and apathy have also cost barça some goals. and more and more it seems like homegrown talent may be well capable of replacing him. i've always been against exorbitantly priced outside hires, but especially so of unproven players that were never meant for total-football style of play. they do the one thing, 50/50 good or bad, and very little implication in the rest of game
&gt; juvenile humor coming from you, that's not subjective at all i am certain
s roberto should play in midfield, he has no place playing there when we now have someone solid (again, finally, since d alves left)
yes true, but (so far today) it hasn't generated a counter-attack when he's lost it
that recovery from messi, fuck me, almost as unbelievable that he lost the ball a split second ago
dembele with the awful passing decisions time and again
don't whatabout me, i also criticise suarez plenty. and barça is ALL about keeping possession, how can you tell me it's wrong to emphasise that losing the ball is bad?!
you are right. if he paired him with vidal maybe something to give a try
the one notification i cockily look up and it's for espanyol
specially feel bad for cillessen
by half a foot, but yes i think. i'd be ok if there wasn't var, but there is and it shouldn't go up
it'll get quicker, just be grateful it's present here
not sure if same feed, but on movistar stream they did a good job pausing as the kicker just touches the ball
vidal brings the dani alves spirit back on the field, i fucking love it
fuck yea, denis!!
had the one self-made chance right as he came on, but since he's been a bit lost
COME ONNN, FIVEEEEEEEEEEEE
the subway at splau is firing up the ovens early tonight
vidal has to be careful with those fouls, obviously espanyol players are dropping the hook there
what a great match for barça, but especially what a motherfucking exhibition of messi
imo, coutinho profile works in 442. in 433 you also have to defend, and coutinho cannot...
how-to make impossible shots, time and again. diego lopez first refuses to move, he is in disbelief, "fuck you - that's not possible, again"
ya agreed, his association and being able to replace whichever player he is passing to as they go up or down, it's barça style total football
and the last second 6-1 goal vs psg :'D
i remember napster from after summer 97 or 98, and it didn't pause, and you had to message the guy to please please stay online until the last blink 182 song finished. i think morpheus was the first program i used with multiple peers and pausing downloads
honestly, reminds me of the london riots a few years ago, fire and destruction everywhere, and these two teenage white girls talking to bbc slandering capitalism while drinking vodka ice they looted from a cornershop. and what was the detonator of that riot? the (accidental?) police murder of a young black man. nothing but an excuse for idling summer hoodlums to ransack a few playstations and cellphones
haha irc! logging on right after school to create and moderate the chat before anyone else could xD later icq, watching people type their message before hitting send, feeling like a hacker lol
[veblen goods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good) apple is running a jewellery business
lol - you take the cake, malparit
lol k
are you fucking kidding me? you are comparing the literal best team in the world of last season against this fucking shitbag football? that *mate* must be excellent mate, lemme have a sip
i don't even know what this means - but you guys' replies are a perfect match to this deplorably awful excuse for football
dude, you either don't know football or you are just stubborn to defend this game / south america. these teams, these players, good lord, they have no saviour. i don't even know where to begin to fix this awful mess
tell me truly, you think messi would be this big had he stayed in argentina? you think the corruption, the violence, and the clueless management both on and off the field would have brought out his full potential? on the other view: are you also implying that the likes of higuain are better than local players? is he worth the entire budget of these two teams? hell, is he worth more than a big mac and fries?
i am drowning in downvotes. i think they don't seem to agree with that view!
how does that make sense? if they go into extra time, wouldn't the second leg home team have an unfair advantage? hell, other than money, i don't understand why the final isn't a single game affair. at a neutral stadium agreed before the competition even starts
did you get it from acestream.org? that one has hella creepy ads. i used sodaplayer before the scandal of them leeching your emails
link?
hell fucking yes
so, your final objective is just to transform that table on the left into something like that on the right (minus the last unsorted column)? i mean, i'd really just copy-paste xD or at most i'd copy the name column and paste it twice. enter "Date 1", copy it down through the first batch of names. then "Date 2" for the batch below. and on the third column i'd make an x,y lookup (an index match match), that looks up the name first and then the corresponding date column too. =INDEX($A:$C,MATCH(E2,$A:$A,0),MATCH(F2,$1:$1,0)) edit tip: in case you don't know already - if you try dragging down just "date 1" excel will number it all the way down "date 2.. 3 .. 4.." etc). if you simply copy-paste "date 1" just once below, then you can select the two identical cells, and when you drag down excel won't do the automatic numbering
anthem song max volume xD
so these world class players that with their national teams that they see an average of twice a month and demonstrate that they are at the top of their game, just automatically suck with their club that they spend the rest of the month at? k.
xD porrr queeee porque porque por queeeeee poooorrr queeeeee pooooorr queeeee
man the worst part is batshu would probably have missed it on his own
oh wow, valencia fans whistling at batshu, is this common?
happy cake day excel nerd!
thank you that's really odd, [i can't make a link either](www.reddit.com), hmmm
thank you, sorry you got downvoted. can you install it while also having google chrome? i remember years ago i installed chromium, but it was using the same profile i used on google chrome, and i didn't want to get rid of it entirely :/
will do, thanks again
ok, what about florence? venice? people just keep to themselves there, ey?
they can introduce bills too. if they don't start the ball rolling from their court, perhaps it's more a sign of ineptitude and disregard to their function
create an account, change address, fix payment errors, deposit cheques / cash, reclaim credit card money stolen required in person, get a loan / mortgage ... you seriously couldn't think of one fucking reason?
whenyou change address, they also ask to see your id/passport for verification. there are some new banks that let you change/reset the card's pin number from the app, but most still have you come in, or in the uk have you wait for a letter in the mail
i don't understand why now isn't the exactly correct time to impeach trump? both halves reached an understanding for congress to pass a budget - only to be vetoed by one man? for a request that one half refuses, and the other half is dragging its feet to also refuse? why aren't more people voicing this shutdown as an opportunity for impeachment? oh btw, he also decided to give syria away to the russians for free this week, the same place obama was criticised for not doing more to protect/intervene?
i mean, it could also be a fleshlight?
same in spain
omg that shot with the hooligan's eyes bulging out holding his face, delicious
or just use reddit's rss on her user page
https://www.groovypost.com/howto/calibrate-monitor-color-display-windows-10/ C:\Windows\System32\dccw.exe i use this little setting to "raise the brightness" because my monitor is a piece of shit. since upgrading to 1903, the little slider for gamma is no longer there. does anybody know if i can access this setting elsewhere? thank you
bueno, pero nosotros robamos hospitales, colegios, autopistas y más cosillas, así que no me siento que salgo perdiendo
muy interesante, gracias!
he can change his language + region to make it work, but that's not the point...
i feel like us ocd/mildlyinfuriated crowd are being baited here
ah ok, that's using the right margin as scrollwheel. again down to drivers and the choices made by the manufacturers. it's too bad it isn't easy to modify your own drivers to include all the functionality you prefer
idk why this is hilarious, im dying
put it in writing, read it out loud, hand it to them after. thank them sincerely and say you want to part on good terms. beyond that it's their problem if they don't reciprocate
university residence halls. we'd get evacuated by 3 fire trucks because some asshole wants to test weed on the smoke detector
with a small registry hack, you can get the old win7 picture viewer
the desktop got some flak, but the laptop was very decently priced at sale. i thought pcmr should be brand agnostic
porque no se trazan fronteras sin derramar sangre. porque lo que comienza con nacionalismo acabará partiendo el proyecto europeo. porque el odio manufacturado acaba en violencia real. la ralentización económica por motivos puramente políticos volverá a repetir ese círculo vicioso de malestar y "soluciones" de tiempos malos, donde un orador y una ideología negativa se sobreponen a la humanidad
pero con el referéndum esto se soluciona seguro ^^/s
esperemos que ningún socialista andaluz tenga conciencia del referéndum tampoco, o de los votos que les va a suponer en la próxima elección
en esto no comparto. aunque hayan salido mal para gente como yo que se siente catalán y español, la crítica no debe ser al sistema d'hondt modificado, porque matemáticamente es el más representativo en cuanto a circunscripciones. lo que sí hace falta es una actualización constante, cada año incluso, del peso de las circunscripciones. no ofrezco solución, pero lo que hay que encontrar es un aparato independiente con el que formatear las "matrices" regularmente, y que no se puedan afectar con ese "gerrymandering" local que se hace aquí, la casualidad que el alquiler de mini-buses sube durante cada elección aquí
en general quería referirme a cualquier escaño socialista fuera de madrid y cataluña que no comparten lo de que haya una "consulta" unilateral. generalmente en regiones como andalucía se opina de forma contraria a que tome lugar, y constantemente en su marketing electoral impugnaron relación con el secesionismo - esto es realidad. ara, que me neguéis que votantes del psoe-a se sientan decepcionados que su escaño electo habilite el referéndum, es un ejercicio tapa-ojos tapa-orejas tapa-boca excepcional
hay tantas Tantas cosas que no se hablan, tantos aspectos y eventos que surgirían en posible separación; y esto se hace porque son tan complicados y delicados de discutir, que colapsarían la convivencia civil. en la historia no ha habido ningún caso de dibujar nuevas geografías sin derramar sangre. una consulta de separación no implica también una aceptación por parte de los demás en la mesa, y hay que tener muy presente la posibilidad real de que irrumpa en otra guerra civil
pero a ver, la "solución" siendo que españa ya no contenga catalunya? te parece que estos votantes no piensan "yo también exijo voz y voto en esta decisión"? es muy cómodo creerse que solo es un "procés", cambiamos unas banderas por otras, y el resto por igual. la realidad, es que redibujar la geografía tiene consecuencias sísmicas. se suele enfocar solo la parte económica, pero que la militar y logística energética por ejemplo son temas que no toca nadie. es tan difícil de discutir que colapsan la convivencia. lo de "no podemos seguir así" es una puta farsa. lo de quemar mi ciudad, paralizarla con protestas, se soluciona recordando a la gente que dentro del proyecto europeo, el objetivo es que las fronteras vayan desapareciendo en tanto que razones de orgullo nacionalista disminuyan al cero. que los problemas económicos - que nos trajeron de vuelta este viejo cuento de soluciones instantáneas xenófobas - se solucionan progresivamente con medidas de alcance continental. que el deseo de paz y libertad lo tienes hoy, disponible ya - no eres menos que un gallego o que un extremeño. y que los problemas reales en barcelona y cataluña son por administración INEPTA de los recursos que ya tenemos; unos recurso muy por encima que otras partes de españa y europa. los manteros, el monopolio taxista, la obstrucción al desahucio de narco-pisos, los robos cotidianos a turistas, alquileres estratosféricos, transporte público que no extiende desde 2009, etc. - problemas reales que seguirían sin solventarse en una "catalunya lliure" comandada por gente fiel a ideales de austeridad y nebotisme. igual un votante al psoe-a no llega a pensar tan lejos, pero sí que piensa que es una separación es mala, y su rechazo es tan legítimo como el del indepe quema-contenedores
autohotkey. you can make any key behave as another key / combination of keys https://www.howtogeek.com/409581/how-to-write-an-autohotkey-script/ once you've made your script, convert it into an exe, and make it run at startup by putting a shortcut in the startup folder
you might be right, it would make sense for it an overheating system to just shut off outright. the only pc i've had randomly turn on is a laptop where there is a bios option to power back on after a power failure (it running out of battery and later being plugged into mains power). my last suggestion is to do a virus scan with malware bytes, see if windows defender missed anything
i don't understand why this has so many upvotes, for screenshotting an r/pics post that was already popular. nobody is calling out op, i don't get it. he could have cross-posted, or provided a link to the original himself. nobody cares about freebooting
this post is freebooting the original without even providing the link like you did, and nobody is calling out op. this is the fourth post on r/all i've seen like this
haha, you can still see the IE gold ring xD
barcelona can play like shit, show nothing that deserves a team win, and messi will still win them the game. what a mediocre, second division, billion budget, sunday team
he also hit it with his weaker foot
griezman has a great talent at losing the ball, with such remarkable style
it used to be argentina, but now we out-handicapped a national team by spending 10x their budget
english commentary is either like watching a silent game of cricket, or a guy doing grunty noises while shouting player names
barcelona has possession, and as of 2015 only two lines without a midfield connecting them. there are no ideas other than "just get it to messi and hope for magic". this team used to have the best midfield in history, a grip on the game, creating momentum constantly rather than doing the same 2 plays over and over the fuck again
jesus fuck, barça doing a play from stopped ball - forget it got cancelled, that is achievement unlocked. i'm 100% valverde had fucking nothing to do with it
el partido del valencia era deprimente. cuando no está parejo, no está nadie. a ver si hoy la magia de messi es suficiente. pero, para mí, que se lo lleva el madrid
should be penalty i think. the hand is in an anti-natural position
should be penalty. the inconsistency of rule application is a joke; this is in part why var was made, to be more absolute in their decision resolution
hey guys, we're under pressure. valverde: k, let's get rid of our only good midfielder
are you watching, guy?
so like, winter market is usually open for players. you think valverde can be fired before next weekend? it'd be a first for barça, but we have a track record of spending 100+m euros on dud forwards, we can do it
his motion wasn't continuing the run, you can see this in the slow reply from behind him (opposite side of pitch)
compensating like it's the late 90s football and we can pretend like multi-angle television replays don't exist and any footage will be forgotten a week later
they aren't defensive blunders, you aren't fucking watching. the weakness is endemic, this is the worst barça in over a decade. relative to the world barça can be considered good - relative to itself, it is a fucking worthless version of itself
barcelona deserves to lose. messi-dependent fucking fiasco. congratulations to all the atléticos, hope you win
i think there's an overflow of indians here pretending to know anything about football. this is the worst version of barcelona in over a decade; endemic weaknesses in midfield and any concept of a cohesive team. this today was abject failure, despite messi producing magic time and again, this team has pumped enough mediocrity to out-handicap the biggest trump card in football history
sometimes i think that only once messi leaves will there be a realisation of how mediocre the team has become. i wouldn't wish it in the world, but his talent overpowers the rotten stench of this technical team
jeez they killed me too. i cannot believe 250 upvotes to the guy wanting to "teach a lesson" to his kid by profiteering from sports memorabilia. maybe reddit is becoming facebook? fuck
search for yourselves, but current govt is planning to double the amount of coal output limits by 2044. DOUBLE them. what?
i think it's a poopmoji with a speech bubble above it
similar in india, more people speak english than hindi. recently there's a severe wave of hindu nationalism that obviates this fact
here they are still deflecting some blame saying that the pilot veered off-course into military airzone. this is a routine flight, with an experienced pilot. if you are going to launch missiles, wouldn't it be fucking logical for you to ground all non-military air activity? at least in the immediate aftermath of your attack (if counting for "element of surprise")? will regular iranians be expected to be satisfied with bloody ineptitude? in the funeral for that asassinated general, 40 fucking people died from accidental stampede. i am all for bashing trump and historic american intrusion in the middle east, but the iran junta should also face criticism
there's some celebration in india, related to the elephant god ganesh. every year, Every Year, there is a stampede causing an average of 300 deaths. like, how dare you not be called a shithole country?
see, when this happens in the west, it is a tragedy. it is remembered every year. people are removed from power, those responsible for event or design persecuted for eventual justice. in the 3rd world it is merely notarised, and onto the next human disaster
mate, continue denying that humans are worth less in your country than they are in mine
this what you're doing is whataboutism. you deflect onto irrelevant shit - the fuck has scientific research to do with anything? and you colour me a racist, lol i didn't say iranians are worth less to me. i am saying that an iranian is worth less to iran than a spanish/any other human is worth to spain. if you cannot reflect for a second that this statement is demolishing truth, your country's totalitarian brainwashing has succeeded. here people protest when we have to pay a euro extra for medicines. over there you are routinely turning a blind eye to senseless human tragedy on a daily basis
i am saying that doing nothing about routine, expected, annual, forecastable stampedes that kill hundreds of people, and doing fucking Nothing about it to try and prevent these senseless deaths, is a mark of a shithole. it doesn't have to do with the race, religion or geography - it probably has somewhat to do with the size of the population, but more so education and civic philosophy towards collective human progress
right, that's why you neither mention original poster or link their post
help me with what?! you are reposting without crediting the source author. is it so hard for you to acknowledge freebooting?
this new wave of freebooting has got to stop. just because your screenshot adds the "originally from r/ ... " doesn't make it ok. if you cannot cross-post, you should comment with a link to the original and/or credit the op. what's fucking worse is that this kind of screenshot is not going to be picked up by repost bots designed to stop spamming the same content. this post is [one of the "top" of all times in this same fucking sub](https://pay.reddit.com/r/MurderedByWords/comments/ak3nwc/postize_just_got_annihilated/) for crying out loud
*i* did, the person calling you out for not doing it. if you could read maybe you'd seen that
the fictional twists you weave, you should work for the australian coal mining lobby
you underestimate what he's doing. the charge rate he has is from a boiler plate contract, same as signed by millions of other customers. verizon is literally looting 100x what they are owed. the damages due are not only the 99% of roaming charges collected, but all the possible future loot they'd keep collecting claiming their billing system does not understand the difference between a dollar and a cent
same, that stench of overconfidence
i agree, but as with nationalist movements anywhere else, the people in power and their legions of indoctrinated followers label the critic as anti-israel or anti-jew/nazi, to discredit any criticism of the supreme leader
those "illegal immigrants" are mostly refugees, like burmese muslims escaping genocide (un resolution). during partition millions of hindus were forced to flee bloody violence in what became pakistan. imagine using that history to justify doing evil yourself. these measures begun before he was reelected as pm, by an even bigger landslide. hindu nationalism is so fervent, it is even affecting the number of movies with muslim stars
on facebook you could at least see it somewhat publicly. in private whatsapp groups and chain messages, it is basically invisible. you have events that happen in real life, and everyone agrees on the date time and names - from there, you can make it sound like whatever you want. like little children, if it comes from someone they trust, everything they get told is infallible truth
cherry picking history, undoing any lessons humanity learnt (the hard way), and repeating tragedies time and again. the emergence of cheap smartphones and data plans to me at first was like a second honeymoon for the internet, opening this beautiful "place" of free knowledge and open communication to actually everybody. now it becomes apparent that lesser educated people are being ripped off just the same and pitting them against the people using big words out of their own interest
oh i agree. imagine that cesspool but with more people and you don't even know about the marches and other events they're organising until you see a bunch of pointy white hats downtown
they had a second chance to change their mind just last month, for crying out loud!
mcafee virus security /s i'm just kidding, pls delete
i'm not sure, but have you tried switching off "tracking protection"? maybe you need 3rd party cookies or something
like, entire towns have been evacuated into gyms because their houses are literally inundated
you can disable the 2 tasks for 'task scheduler'. you could also disable the updates from 'services.msc', but like chrome it will break the browser's auto-updater. i don't think it adds anything to start-up ('task manager'). chrome has these auto-update inconveniences too, plus their now famous spyware 'software reporter tool'. if you're here to recommend firefox, good luck
i'm not sure, but i think you may have disabled drm in settings - check if both options are enabled here: edge://settings/content/protectedContent
when they finally kill older edge, i hope they make the pdf reader and the online video player into separate apps. no matter what opinion you have, the fact remains that, in win10, older edge has the smoothest scrolling and zero frame-drop handling of high-resolution video
nah, false. you can have any and all the browsers you like on win10, everyone has the option to install and uninstall whatever they like. it's a pity you can't entirely uninstall ie or spartan edge, but once you change the default browser they are basically hidden away without taking active resources. microsoft's embrace of chromium has you riled up, but i don't understand why
when you go to the insider site it just says linux not supported :'( i tried looking for follow-up news after that november announcement, but there's nothing. i hope they didn't quietly kill it, however ms office is not on linux for openly commercial reasons
i hadn't seen it and did enjoy, but this is openly freebooting rather than post the youtube link, earns a downvote from me
ayooo 😻💘🥰💋
i selected to use an external application to view pdf's: edge://settings/content/pdfDocuments i use sumatra pdf, which is pretty great. but the smoothness of old edge, plus the markup tools, was one of the greatest features, along with its handling of high-resolution video streaming
third dog pretty good candidate for /r/AccidentalCamouflage
whenever i go to donate they always have a surplus of B, and usually low levels of either O or AB, so i really question the source data for this map
https://pay.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/etekwx/tutorial_how_to_use_altstore_to_install_most_ipas/ but doesn't seem we will get something like reprovision to keep the ipa from expiring after 7 days
you may have used capital letters in your email address, try all lower case https://pay.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/etekwx/tutorial_how_to_use_altstore_to_install_most_ipas/
my unc0ver expired too; still haven't had a reboot, but if the airplane-mode + clear safari cache trick doesn't work, i'm probably going to finally set up a stable mac os vm and just use the xcode method (like cydia impactor but worse). you could try win10 in vm, but if you're going into that trouble you might as well do a mac os vm. finally, win10 is pretty great, been running it since 2015, very stable and customisable. if you upgrade, i recommend backing up your files, make a copy of the drivers with 'double driver', and then clean install win10 (bit less simple than upgrading but you avoid the most frequent errors people face)
i remember using avast. uninstalling norton / mcafee / kaspersky / whatever the crap came on the new laptop my dad bought, and replacing it with the safe and free avast. i remember in win-xp days how it would take 50-70% cpu usage every time i saved something new. i remember internet explorer chugging, and only fixing it by killing avast and clearing the browser's history + cached files. i remember putting up with it because "it's keeping me safe is why we suffer". i remember having to shut it off when downloading music because avast would make everything freeze; and then getting viruses that avast couldn't eliminate; and scrambling to find the stupid pc's recovery discs, and crying at how much it cost to order new cd's from sony's website. -- i remember windows defender coming out early during win7 in 2010. that's about the last time i remember installing an anti-virus
what a stupid fucking comment. ancient mentality that windows is full of holes and prone to viruses from all angles. since windows defender back in 2010, i have used nothing else. granted i am more careful what i click on than the average user, but these free anti-virus programs have always been more trouble than any good their marketing has ever offered
i don't know what you've done to delete windows defender, i've never seen something like it and it sounds like it may be because of a virus. you can try to repair windows using this bootable usb, clicking repair rather than upgrade/reinstall. however, more than likely it cannot repair system files without deleting user data too (it would warn you if this is the case of course). to save a headache trying to find a solution for something like this that seems unlikely fixable, we both suggested to backup your stuff on an external drive and get ready to nuke / clean install windows again
anecdotally too, the stigma of fixing your family or friend's infected computer kind of died down. same as with finding drivers for your new hardware - it all seems automated, thanks in no small part to the internet
yes https://www.techjunkie.com/find-windows-spotlight-lock-screen-images-windows-10/ but with an app like spotbright it's 2 clicks
i can type me humming a song and google will find it, it's a superpower you quickly take for granted
thank you very much for this tutorial guide, i could barely use my fone unjailbroken. just to add: - need to install itunes (as well as icloud) (no need to sign into either) - also run altserver in administrator mode - (unclear) only my account *without* 2FA finally worked and the usually finicky shit with apple: restart after all their shit is installed, make sure to connect your fone first into itunes (trust/allow from your fone and click trust on itunes as well), make sure you can actually access the fone (should be able to see your pics from 'my pc'), make sure to use an original apple cable, usb 2.0 ports usually fail less, and another reboot of pc and fone sometimes helps. i have an older i5s i'm also using, praying it doesn't crash, but eventually when it does i am not sure whether i can use this same email again without revoking certificates? (with cydia impactor and reprovision you could do this from windows - but as of right now you can only do this using xcode on a mac (and possibly only with a developer account idk)). anyway, thank you for helping me be free again
i have nothing but shame for the woman who raised this psychopath
in dystopian america, his pay probably rises, cancelling out the effect of an elevated insurance premium. heck, they probably wear it as a badge of honor. in the same country where they can justify military weaponry and tactics for the "protection" of civilians, this same system runner can find an excuse to keep this bastard on patrol. they have a systemic problem over there, with roots in pure evil. what a shithole
hey man, i just wanna thank you for fighting the good fight. you are very eloquent and remind me of my good friend i haven't been in touch with in some years. hope you stay safe from the riots, the covid and the trumpets. un abrazo desde españa
i think you perfectly described eric cartman
invert colors (iphone triple click home button)
you are being pedantic. he was referring to weapons termed "non-lethal", which is how rubber bullets are officially classified - despite damning evidence that they are not, especially at short distance
the link for the reference on the wiki article is dead http://www.sinistraineuropa.it/storie/quando-i-fascisti-convocarono-gino-bartali-a-villa-triste/ and there seems to be no archive copy either. i found someone copy-pasted it to facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ricgazza/posts/1952244028194185/ so i'm pasting here the full text. ENGLISH TRANSLATION: When the fascists summon him, that day, Gino Bartali is scared. But he can't not go, they know where he lives, he has a small child. Not that they never controlled him, after the outbreak of the war: during training between Florence and Assisi it was very easy that they stopped him. But every time they saw his face and recognized the champion already winner of the Giro d ' Italia and the Tour de France and Milan Sanremo and many other races, everything went smoothly. That day is different, because they summoned him to Villa Triste, as is nicknamed the palace where the Charity band is located that seeks it. The band, named after commander Mario Carity, is one of the most cruel fascist formations, specializing in raking, torture and infiltration inside the partisan groups to arrest and kill its components. Villa Triste is famous for the screams that come from the victims that fascists torture. Sometimes, from his rooms, there comes the music of a piano, played to cover the screams of poor people. As soon as he arrives, Bartali is led to the cellars, where he understands that it is all true as he has heard: he sees weapons, sticks and various torture tools that seem medieval and with which people talk to talk to, when the barrel is not enough. Even Gino, a hard man capable of suffering any torment on pedals, is scared. " Those were times when life cost nothing. She was hanging by a thread, by chance, from the moods of others ", she will say. And his life, that day, is hung from the moods of the terrible Mario Charity. The hierarch has intercepted letters, directed to Bartali, who come from the Vatican and thank him for his help. The letters are there, on the table. " What help is this, Bartali? What did he do to deserve the thanks of the Vatican? He brought weapons?" " I don't even know how to shoot!". " So he brought other things! Do you confess ". "I just sent coffee, flour and sugar and more food to the needy". " And she wants me to believe that the Vatican would write to a champion like her to thank her for sending coffee, flour and sugar?". "This is the truth" Bartali insists. Charity staring at him with his reptile eyes. "Let's see if he clears his head in the cell". Gino ends up incarcerated for two days, in the rooms of Villa Sad. On the third day they bring him back to the cellar, but Charity is not alone, he brought three other military. The fascist torturer asks him the same question. " What has he done for the Vatican, Bartali? Did he carry guns? Or else?". Gino insists: "Coffee, flour and sugar". Charity loses patience, screams, but one of the three officers with him is a military who had Gino at his service, in the time of the lever. " I know Bartali, he's always been a sincere one, one who tells the truth. If the thanks were for flour and sugar, then it's true. Let's not waste time on him ". Charity, reluctant, convinces himself to free the cyclist, also because Americans approach Florence and he and his men need to fight them. Gino leaves in one piece from Villa Sad, incredulous that he saved himself for the words of that military who thought he knew him so well. But he was wrong, because Gino lied. It's not coffee, flour and sugar, the reasons why the Vatican thanks him. For as long as he ran along Florence - Assisi, in the frame of the bicycle to which you can access by pulling the seat, Bartali hid photographs and other papers necessary to manufacture fake documents intended for hundreds of Jews to save. He did it on behalf of the Bishop of Florence Elia Dalla Costa, the man who celebrated his wedding and thought of Bartali as the only chance to pass checks. " But you don't have to say anything to anyone, Gino! Not even your family. Or do they kill everyone ". Not only that: every time a train arrived from Assisi on which Jews travelled to take coincidences to escape to other parts of Italy, Gino went to the bar of the train station. There he showed himself well by everyone, showed off for the fans and the chaos created by his presence meant that the fascist police and German soldiers couldn't manage to control the documents and let everyone pass a bit. And then again, more bike trips, to Genoa and Switzerland, to take letters and money. Not to mention an entire Jewish family that has been hiding in the basement of their home for a year. In all these ways, in those years, Bartali saved the lives of an unclear and enormous number of people. Gino, however, keeps his promise made to the Cardinal; he tells nothing to anyone, not even Adriana and Andrea, to protect them. And even after, after war over, he keeps the secret to himself, because he believes that "when you do a favor you think about it for one night, but you forget about it the next day". Only when the father is now very old, the son Andrea, who has heard some rumors about this story, can get his dad to explain how things went. " But you don't have to tell anyone, eh!" insists the champion. " Good is done, but it is not said. And some medals hang on the soul, not the jacket ". ____________ This song is a short excerpt from one of the stories included in my book "We touched the stars - Stories of Champions that changed the world" (Rizzoli) released last September. You can find it in every library and here on Amazon: https://amzn.to/2Qy7Grs
ORIGINAL ITALIAN: Quando i fascisti lo convocano, quel giorno, Gino Bartali ha paura. Ma non può non andare, sanno dove abita, ha un bimbo piccolo. Non che non lo abbiano mai controllato, dopo lo scoppio della guerra: durante gli allenamenti tra Firenze e Assisi era facilissimo che lo fermassero. Ma ogni volta che vedevano la sua faccia e riconoscevano il campione già vincitore del Giro d'Italia e del Tour de France e della Milano Sanremo e di tante altre gare, tutto filava liscio. Quel giorno è diverso, perché lo hanno convocato a Villa Triste, come è soprannominato il palazzo dove è alloggiata la Banda Carità che lo cerca. La banda, che prende il nome dal comandante Mario Carità, è una delle più crudeli formazioni fasciste, specializzata in rastrellamenti, torture e infiltrazioni dentro i gruppi partigiani per arrestarne e ucciderne i componenti. Villa Triste è famosa per le grida che provengono dalle vittime che i fascisti torturano. A volte, dalle sue stanze, arriva la musica di un pianoforte, suonato per coprire le urla dei poveretti. Appena arriva, Bartali viene condotto nelle cantine, dove capisce che è tutto vero quanto ha sentito dire: vede esposte armi, bastoni e vari strumenti di tortura che sembrano medioevali e con cui si fanno parlare le persone, quando le botte non bastano. Anche Gino, un uomo durissimo e capace di soffrire ogni tormento sui pedali, è spaventato. "Erano tempi in cui la vita non costava niente. Era appesa a un filo, al caso, agli umori degli altri", dirà. E la sua vita, quel giorno, è appesa agli umori del terribile Mario Carità. Il gerarca ha intercettato delle lettere, indirizzate a Bartali, che vengono dal Vaticano e lo ringraziano per il suo aiuto. Le lettere sono lì, sul tavolo. “Di che aiuto si tratta, Bartali? Cosa ha fatto per meritarsi i ringraziamenti del Vaticano? Ha portato armi?" “Io nemmeno so sparare!". "E allora ha portato altre cose! Lo confessi". "Ho solo mandato caffè, farina e zucchero e altro cibo ai bisognosi". "E lei mi vuole far credere che il Vaticano scriverebbe a un campione come lei per ringraziarla di aver mandato caffè, farina e zucchero?". “Questa è la verità" insiste Bartali. Carità lo fissa con i suoi occhi da rettile. "Vediamo se in cella si schiarisce le idee". Gino finisce incarcerato per due giorni, nelle stanze di Villa Triste. Al terzo giorno lo riportano in cantina, ma Carità non è solo, si è portato tre altri militari. L'aguzzino fascista gli rifà la stessa domanda. "Cosa ha fatto per il Vaticano, Bartali? Portava armi? O altro?". Gino insiste: "Caffè, farina e zucchero". Carità perde la pazienza, urla, ma uno dei tre ufficiali con lui è un militare che ha avuto Gino al suo servizio, ai tempi della leva. “Conosco Bartali, è sempre stato uno sincero, uno che dice la verità. Se i ringraziamenti erano per farina e zucchero, allora è vero. Non perdiamo tempo con lui”. Carità, riluttante, si convince a liberare il ciclista, anche perché gli americani si avvicinano a Firenze e c’è bisogno di lui e dei suoi uomini per combatterli. Gino esce tutto intero da Villa Triste, incredulo di essersi salvato per le parole di quel militare che pensava di conoscerlo così bene. Ma sbagliava, perché Gino ha mentito. Non sono caffè, farina e zucchero, i motivi per cui il Vaticano lo ringrazia. Per tutto il tempo in cui ha corso lungo la Firenze – Assisi, nel telaio della bicicletta cui si accede staccando il sellino, Bartali ha nascosto fotografie e altre carte necessarie a fabbricare documenti falsi destinati a centinaia di ebrei da salvare. Lo ha fatto per conto del Vescovo di Firenze Elia Dalla Costa, l’uomo che ha celebrato il suo matrimonio e che ha pensato a Bartali come unica possibilità di passare i controlli. “Ma non devi dire nulla a nessuno, Gino! Nemmeno alla tua famiglia. O quelli ammazzano tutti”. Non solo: ogni volta in cui arrivava un treno da Assisi su cui viaggiavano ebrei che volevano prendere coincidenze per fuggire in altre parti d’Italia, Gino è andato al bar della stazione ferroviaria. Lì si è fatto vedere bene da tutti, si è messo in mostra per i tifosi e il caos creato dalla sua presenza ha fatto sì che la polizia fascista e i soldati tedeschi non riuscissero a controllare bene i documenti e facessero passare un po’ tutti. E poi ancora, altri viaggi in bici, fino a Genova e in Svizzera, per prendere lettere e denaro. Senza contare un’intera famiglia ebrea che è nascosta da un anno nella cantina di una sua casa. In tutti questi modi, in quegli anni, Bartali ha salvato la vita a un numero imprecisato ed enorme di persone. Gino, però, mantiene la promessa fatta al Cardinale; non racconta nulla a nessuno, nemmeno ad Adriana e Andrea, per proteggerli. E anche dopo, a guerra finita, tiene il segreto per sé, perché crede che “quando fai un favore ci pensi per una notte, ma te ne dimentichi il giorno dopo”. Solo quando il padre è ormai molto vecchio, il figlio Andrea, che ha sentito ghttpsirare alcune voci su questa storia, riesce a farsi spiegare dal babbo come sono andate le cose. “Ma tu non devi dirlo a nessuno, eh!” insiste il campione. "Il bene si fa, ma non si dice. E certe medaglie si appendono all'anima, non alla giacca". ____________ Questo brano è un breve estratto di una delle storie incluse nel mio libro "Abbiamo toccato le stelle - Storie di campioni che hanno cambiato il mondo" (Rizzoli) uscito lo scorso settembre. Lo trovate in ogni libreria e qui su Amazon: https://amzn.to/2Qy7Grs
a united states marine corps veteran shot in the head at a rally against the use of excess force. for fuck's sake.
creo que estoy a favor del ingreso mínimo vital, pero alguien tipo economista me puede explicar (o pasarme un link): esto va a sustituir algunas ayudas que ya se daban? el aumento del gasto en 3.000 millones (creo haber leído) no concuerda sino con la anticipada solicitud de 850.000 hogares destinadas a recibir entre 400-1.100€. de la forma que me he imaginado, es que se sustituyen las ayudas existentes que tienes que ir a solicitar específicamente - ayudas con material escolar, comida, alquiler, etc. - por un sistema donde tienes un ingreso directo y te las apañas tú mismo en qué lo gastas. o sea, que se ha determinado, de alguna manera, que es más eficiente darte el dinero en una gestión en vez de múltiples - o me equivoco?
i have 2-step verification enabled and delete cookies between sessions, so i'm used to getting this message practically every day. if you keep the cookies, you won't need to log in again and avoid seeing this entirely. now, if you're talking just about the chrome ad, the only possible way is probably changing the browser's user agent to look like you're using chrome xD
100% accurate. thanks for the town name, made it easy to find the story: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sureshbhai_Patel video: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/asian-america/assault-charges-dropped-alabama-cop-who-partially-paralyzed-indian-grandfather-n573806 after a year's sabbatical, judge decides "no policy violation", charges dropped, bad cop back at work: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/asian-america/cop-who-injured-indian-man-returns-work-n645126 sickening. this is so surreal
let me do a re-write: feeding starving children has positive impact during times of depression. this has nowt to do with the diet; it has everything to do with delivering calories when children need it most. regularly. removing all fears of food insecurity has a logical impact on their physiological wellbeing. at present day, north koreans are shorter and have a depressingly shorter life expectancy than their own blood south of the border
i'm sorry mr bully, is this the first time you witnessed a reddit hug of death?
wasn't being condescending, didn't claim to be superior - literally all i said is that i'm disappointed nobody thought to archive once it hit the front page. what is truly condescending is how energetically you bastards accuse me of being some snob, for thinking that it'd be nice for others to be able to read this article too, entirely the fucking point of reddit
english is not my first, second or third language. regardless, the pedantic anger shown towards me is unjustified
ayy, american talent at finding reasons for hate out of nowhere, bravo sir
gosh, if you can ask for this then also how about notification badges on taskbar icons? maybe also an option to keep them persistent in background tasks, useful for email push notifications for example
10/10 would recommend! for any other noob that googled their way here: 1. you need to get the extension tampermonkey https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo 2. right-click on the new extension's icon and hit options 3. go to installed scripts &gt; add new 4. replace the text in that box with what op's userscript code, then hit save at the top left also, to make it work in incognito, go to about:extensions find tampermonkey and in options check "allow in incognito" this helped soo much in dealing with a low-resolution laptop screen, so much wasted space :@ !! now if you could develop an anti space-wasting script for the rest of the web that would be awesome :p
[hwaaaat! ](https://i.imgur.com/qF512C5.gif) do you have a link or something to track progress?
that is awesome, thank you. i remember reading about project fugu but didn't connect the meaning, that with greater powers also comes greater responsibility - like that file system access and loading at login are amazing, but also of course potentially dangerous. thanks for pointing out the new flag for features in canary, can't wait to try it out once i get the latest win10 update
with that desktop shortcut you can set a keyboard shortcut from properties, and check to run in full-screen mode. if he adds a feature to close itself after launching whatever app, you could possibly have the same behaviour as launchpad. but at that point, using the start menu in tablet mode might accomplish the same thing
i would really like if someone re-did this but with a cheap android phone that's broadcasting live to youtube or twitter. maybe with a cracked screen showing an old man lying on the pavement with blood gushing out the back of his head
what a dickhead you are. joke about an old man lying unconscious on the pavement gushing blood from his head. you are repulsive
ok but let's first do the shooting and spread some crack. safety first
i'm not sure but, in your windows display settings do you have the text scaling at more than 100%
i left that sub because it became obsessed with symmetry, to the point that no other references to the movies were welcome (not just downvotes but angry gatekeeping comments that "this doesn't belong here!"). please don't make this sub into that
can confirm. english girls are like mailmen, nor hail nor snow will stop them from wearing that mini skirt to the club. getting their heels stuck and toppling over, mere battle wounds
like bookmarks for sections of the worksheet for things he's working on
ah, i must have misunderstood from your above comment, thought you meant youtube on a smart tv
holy shit, i had no idea about harrison being stabbed https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/the-horrifying-night-when-former-beatle-george-harrison-was-stabbed-by-a-crazed-fan.html/ &gt; Michael Abram’s defense at his trial was not guilty by reason of insanity. He told the authorities, once he was out of the psychotic episode he had been in, “At first I listened to the (Beatles’) music and thought they were good. But then I started splitting up the letters in their names and songs and getting messages that they were evil.” &gt; He was cleared of all charges and released to a “secure hospital.” &gt; In the end, the court agreed that Abram had a “complex delusional system” and was sentenced to a psychiatric hospital where he stayed for nearly two years and was released shortly after George’s death. He never served one day in jail. what a scumbag
this is awesome! more posts like these please! real-life people and events that served as inspiration to the show
except the part where she claims to know the owners? or the part where bobert was already recording video and accusing him of vandalism?
i'm sorry - why did she assume this isn't his house? or his neighbourhood? you can tell it's chalk by how shitty it is; it isn't permanent - why did she take offence to those 3 words being temporarily etched on the street that isn't even hers? if i follow your logic that she just wants to 'make sure', at 0:29 he says "if this were my property it'd be absolutely fine?", how is she still so innocent if her next line is "i actually do know who lives there". are you related to chamberlain? appeasement Appeasement APPEASEMENT whether or not karen is in the wrong. #fuck off
no she doesn't. she lied, and now your dumb whiteknight ass is lying
thank you. finally gave it a go on canary, but i couldn't figure out if anything changed - i don't know where to look for "new features like title bar customization, Shortcuts and more", it all still seems to behave the same as with edge dev. the titlebar is sometimes coloured sometimes not, for reddit i get the back and refresh buttons but not for youtube, i don't see any buttons to customise (either in edge or right-clicking on the start menu shortcut). mmm, what am i doing wrong? also wanted to thank you for your port of ublock-origin on legacy edge! i was like "i swear i've seen that username before" but your submitted posts history was throwing me off lol i've used it every single day since extensions became a thing on the store - my crappy little atom-powered tabtop still runs high-res youtube better than chromium on my full pc! might interest you: i found this article below what you linked, a registry hack to save edge legacy from being substituted with edgium if that finally happens on the next update: https://www.windowscentral.com/how-prevent-microsoft-edge-chromium-installing-automatically-windows-10 btw, did you know that after installing edgium it copies over your legacy edge data, and that it also copies your extensions including all my filter lists on ublock? i thought that was super neat!
i'm sorry - when the fuck did the black guy raise tension? what right does that couple have to question what he is doing? as described above, when he attempts to rationalise that it would be ok if it is his property, that lady takes a new strategy and bald face lies that she knows the neighbour. this is completely obviating the fact that these cunts started recording and questioning him because he's chalking a black lives matter slogan. if you aren't dense enough to obviate the events of the past 2 weeks, and the significance of this act in peacefully protesting blatant racism in the united states, how are you incapable of acknowledging that their reaction to his chalk is also racially motivated. "the signs are fine, but this temporary chalk on the side of the road is not" - why? who the fuck made you the judge and policeman? in times where there is outrage over police excess use of force, biased justice and openly racist 911 calls - why the fuck you think it is inadequate for this black guy to feel threatened when this condescending tone asks him about what he's doing / if he has the right? these 2 people had ZERO intentions of wanting a peaceful outcome. their demeanour from the get go is start a recording and question the guy whether he lives here. you are an absolute appeasement proponent if you don't think the black guy has a right to become upset at an upfront accusation of violating some unwritten karen rule. you should look up what appeasement means too. if a bully wants to bully you and you want to the bullied to humorously diffuse a situation that he never once had intention or hand in creating, then you are an appeasement dingo. common courtesy, motherfucker
covid or not, griezman continues to be just as irrelevant
mm, maybe at real? at atletico he was kind of a tap in artist, similar at france. i never thought he was dangerous with the ball, rather that he just surprised with his appearance at the right place and time. at barcelona he don't even know the damn system we play here
hey, if he can just stay at home til we find a club we can pay to take him, this is only good for barça
i am really glad spanish streams are easy to find again; that guy is insufferable
what's nice with france is they're quite decisive in attack; they want to go vertically fast and they want a shot or a cross. at barça it's different football. it used to be more "total", but now with messi centric formation, what the other 2 attackers are expected to do is either mesh with him or provide an unrefusable alternative to passing to messi. griezman offers neither. he sort of runs parallel to the left side runner (j alba), or loiters around the middle of the box where he is never going to be given the ball or a chance for header. you might think to blame the other players, but this system practically hasn't changed for over 5 years, and griezman has not bothered to integrate / make himself useful somehow
mmm, maybe change that to dethrone? :s but yea, the prima donna with the very public and infamous rejection documentary lol what a retarded transfer. the more barça wins, the wealthier the board gets, the stupider and more corrupt the technical management, until we have basically reached argentine levels of messidependencia
i'm sorry.. you're talking smack of one of the best goalkeepers on the planet? and you want to compare him to the mediocrity that is the english league? what a fucking clown
whether they hired the wrong player or put him in the wrong team it is basically the same, his football doesn't work here and most rational football enthusiasts could have told you that in advance of the signing that this was never going to work
mr T deserves that place so much more
he'll miss innumerable sitters served on a silver platter. then he'll go make an impossible goal and everything is forgotten
nah mate. this is dembele territory; he wasn't hired for his skill; our corrupt management eyed that transfer kickback with such salivating eyes, not even an infamous rejection documentary scandal could make them stop insisting
i been watching him the entire season. i also saw him in the pre-season. this isn't a "heat of the moment" observation. if you want to continue to deny my opinion, go whack off on it
if you didn't care, you wouldn'te be arguing with me at the 8th level of this comment thread about something that is evident to everyone, including the same player hanging his head in shame the minute he sits down on the bench. i never said that he doesn't have value. tap in artists have value. when they can be consistently important in making the damn goal, they are basically essential. if his teammates know him and vice versa, he can basically appear somewhere and his friend will pass him without looking just knowing he will be there or make it there. that's great - it's never going to happen at barcelona. barça expects *you* to play a certain way; you'd have to be something superhuman like maradonna messi cruyff rivaldo for the team to mould around you (and there the expectations would also be that you initiate the play, which griezman is not known for). you are entirely pissed that i call it how it is - griezman has zero value at barcelona - and confuse it to mean "griezman has zero value, period."
Now you see him. Now you don't. Avoid accidents. Don't drink and drive. Fiat
thanks. i think op's shortcut is a bit pointless if i have to go back to task manager anyway. i rather just right-click on a file explorer instance and hit restart
a bit of justice ey https://pay.reddit.com/r/news/comments/h9n730/husband_of_woman_who_confronted_neighbor_for_blm/
america is so fucked, good lord
fr, this is one of those houses some family gonna cry about building in an uninhabitable area prone to landslide
this is the correct answer. most atom tabtops are default to limit their performance at 20% battery. very noticeable when watching a yt video on chrome, everything gets super choppy at exactly 20% (usually screen dimming only happens after 10% with the models i've tried, but cpu takes a hit earlier)
that may be corona related
can also be related to qos settings on your router or directly your isp. you can try disabling qos and maybe setting your device's dns server to an external service like cloudflare's 1.1.1.1
he's right though. the k is maybe to make it sound bigger, rather than to save time
this is a tangent, sorry: i was trying to figure out what language it was went on google translate typed in 'hoi luong tinh' did you mean 'hơi lưỡng tính' sure vietnamese: slightly bisexual
there are videos of police ripping off masks from protesters and spraying them in the face, one guy even had his hands up and offered no resistance whatsoever. if that doesn't make your blood boil at the corruption, incompetence and utter thuggery of the american police, then you are without a doubt bereft of compassion towards your fellow citizens. honestly, what a fucking shithole
at a time when a spiralling global pandemic is being eclipsed by grotesque racist corruption, hey look at these rockets! capitalism rulez, i'll say!
correct. diversion, divide and conquer, appease the status quo, intelligently suppress radicals, back despot totalitarian states, and dream of jetting off of this place
tesla, amazon and the virgin ventures, with the sub-contracts or promises to replace the russki launches. the spacex launch just comes at a time where it was spectacularly juxtaposed to events devolution in american civil society. as i understand, while they have a common ceo/president/chimpanzee in charge, the car and space companies are separate, as are the placebo green battery companies, feasible only to the rich, concerned more with protecting their "ip", even from their own customers wanting to fix their shit it's a closed shop. these aren't the hallmarks of a venture aimed at human advancement, however much you ate the propaganda
i disagre. there is a poignant focus of those in power on matters that are far from helping fellow man. whether you want to see it or not, this past month it has become evident that the dollar value of a black life is *quite* low in america. as unarmed non-violent protesters were pinned to the floor with a knee to their neck, the other half cour country is asked to wave star-spangled banners and watch the big rocket fly fly fly high up to the sky. it is revolting. it makes me fucking vomit
wait, you realise that all these efforts will ultimately be paid by nasa, right? there are grants and subsidies, as well as bullet-proof agreements of future engagement once their programmes are tested safe. the perpetual bullshit that technology developed for nasa will ultimately benefit mankind. especially when there is no intent on fixing modern society's problems. i'm not saying that humanity's troubles gotta be fixed before doing anything, but in this month it has become fucking clear some of the biggest problems in your society are not meant to be fixed *by design*. you are purposefully being dense that it isn't OUTRAGEOUS to see billion dollar 50/50 rocket launches against the backdrop of a black being asphyxiated to death over a 20$ theft. people pushed back more insignificant releases, like movies and videogames. but something that seemed to be on its own schedule couldn't wait for a better time? this lunatic running the car company, can't wait to reopen his factories before the wave of infections can reduce to manageable numbers? why should he wait for public outrage to die down before he can fire a rocket? it sure as shit isn't his concern
it is pretty clear that elon musk is a beneficiary of nasa's budget inflation. same as lockheed benefitting from bigger military spending. the biggest bullshit is how "space fans" olympically sideline the potential "improvement of humanity and our future" if that 10-20% of their own society were no longer treated as second or third class citizens. that those disenfranchised, dirt poor, perennially persecuted minorities should be afforded the same opportunities... that those minds you stomp on today could have produced the technology and wealth that your current undiversified sack of shit space race has not produced in decades
&gt; The workers provided evidence of their continuing correspondence with managers. selective reading ey señor
you are an idiot. you are an idiot and don't even bother watching the games. i have criticised rakitic so much since his arrival i got banned from r/barca. nevertheless, comparing the performance of rakitic to arthur is like comparing a cheap sock to one covered with shit and holes in it. arthur brings motherfucking NOTHING to the game. the unbelievably ridiculous hype connecting his skill level to that of xavi or iniesta. bastard does absolutely fucking NOTHING. he doesn't create opportunities. he doesn't walk into space. 4/5 of his passes go backward, and he promptly moves up and behind a rival line to make it impossible to give him a return ball. he does nothing to defend, fucking NOTHING. he can't run, he doesn't spot the potential receiver in counter-attacks - he's a fucking dufus. 2 fucking years, he can't grasp the fucking system? at his fucking early 20s he's this stubborn of a useless mule? yea rakitic is shit; he loses balls, can't defend - but he managed to finish some of the plays. since he can't keep up with rivals' speed, at least he will make the yellow-card foul to stop their play. i mean, he's shit, but he's modrately better than the rest of the shitbag outside midfielders brought to date (arda, gomes, jong, etc.). to focus so obsessively on age is perplexingly daft. xavi and iniesta should never have left, and they wouldn't had this right bastard of a technical management not been so zealously corrupt to cash on their final transfer kickback. legends are meant to retire at their club, and stay until their replacement is fully ready and mentored by them to take over. since lucho came in, that went flying out the fucking door, and bartolo all too fucking keen to ring up the chino-arab retirement leagues to bid off our aging jewels. no one can convince me otherwise that a late 30s xavi or iniesta wouldn't be better than the last 7 sack of shit midfielders bought in the past 5 years. and it is the mentality like yours that fuels this stupidly overpriced and nonsensical transfer market
honestly, he can just come in and warm the bench. for a lower salary and "virtual" 10m, it's almost good sense, almost. at barcelona we are now used to hiring douglass types; we just need the one that makes the least damage for now
i should watch some juve games, sounds like we're in the same mediocrity midfield situation
so you're saying, busquets alone is worth all 3 of juve?
sure yea. he doesn't fit in barça just like the other external hires. i think ajax of 2018-19 was fantastic, so much fun to watch their champion's games. i think he fit in well there since: he grew up in ajax, he knew all the players well, how to pass them, what plays work, etc. here at barça, it took him over 6 months just to be able to grasp the language, nevermind developing any friendships. he's a hired hand - he clocks in and out. his defending is so passive it's infuriating. he was meant to be a reliable substitute in busquets' down moments - he absolutely failed at this task. in ajax they run back and forth a lot more, i like it, very young and dynamic. barça is an old, messi-dependent team now - what we wanted is for someone to come in as either a busquets or xavi reinforcement; the incompetent and horrendously corrupt technical team have throw near a billion euros "trying" to find a replacement, when they never should have let xavi iniesta retire elsewhere. de jong doesn't fit in the same manner that coutinho, nor andre gomes, nor the other sack of shit hires jammed here. perhaps they do have talent, their market value isn't completely fictitious, but they are absolutely wrong for barça style of play from the get-go. (i am not vanquishing any blame from the useless management of lucho and valverde, who didn't even bother trying to integrate these new players. setien is still new to tell, but he talks in a very sweet way of giving people chances, and honestly seems like he feels empathy to try integrate non-spanish speakers... but it's too late for the rest of this season)
the narrative in your comment is: - anti-tesla commenters didn't read the article - case in point, those 2 people got fired because they could not be contacted i reply with another quote from the very same article, where these workers affirm they had, in fact, never lost contact with co-workers. still i get downvoted, and you proceed to "whatabout" and provide an alternative headline that is transparently defensive of tesla corp. this being the coronavirus sub - mostly frequented by people concerned with the very real existence of the virus, and the very real rise of cases and deaths in the united states, because of a very real disbelief in the measures or even the need to contain the pandemic - it seems at least a teeny tiny bit coherent that the people on this sub might feel outraged when "tesla, who has thousands of employees" decidedly breaks with medical advice to stop non-essential services during the peak of contagion, and rather directs these "thousands of employees" to shirk precautions and come back to work. if you really read the article, both these people took the only option given to them which was to voluntarily go on unpaid leave. unpaid, during a global health pandemic. what is worse is that when they heard their colleagues are not being given safe working conditions, their foundational plans to form a union triggered events leading to their firing. for trying to request safe working conditions. i think you have to be an utter fool to think this is going to go down well in a sub concerned with the spread of the virus, measures to contain it and an evolution in "normalcy" to adapt life to our new reality. take all those awards you received from the people who are contrarian to reality, and shove em where they'll fit nicely
dude, lol. 0. u welcom, glad it was helpful 1. if everything seems to be working fine, it should be fine. if you want to be safe, maybe make an itunes backup, and screenshot your list of tweaks 2. i've only just started using the i7 on ios13 unc0ver jb; so far it seems ok. both my fones had pretty shit battery already as they are hand-me-downs with around 80% capacity reported in settings. it heated up once from safari browsing some shit for too long, but a respring seemed to cure it. i had a boot to substrate issue after updating activator - resetting its preferences took care of that. otherwise it seems alright man. i tried to re-jb with checkra1n, but i didn't have luck getting it to work, [long comment here](https://pay.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/gpqdya/tutorial_switching_from_checkra1n_to_unc0ver_v5/fswb6cw/). but, so long as you stay on this ios with your i10, you will have both options to choose from. reprovision just makes it more convenient and reliable as a daily use device i think. regarding your pc: if you still have the usb stick you used to install ubuntu, you can probably use it to either: repair, recover your data, and/or clean install ubuntu as new
that still doesn't specify whether they tested less more or equally as many (per 100k) as in other areas of mumbai. poorer areas generally have fewer tests because healthcare is largely private. the charity mentioned aside, this remains true. the doctor quote at the end says it indirectly - not asking for positives but for number of deaths, as the latter cannot be kept hidden [as easily, since the post-mortem does warrant a confirmation test]. it is more important there to encourage self-reporting symptoms (without fearing stigmas or the cost of treatment), because that would be like a fire in the basement
because not caring about their life makes me feel worse
this needs more upvotes. i am very worried about them allowing china, india and north korea (democratic bullshit korea). i absolutely do not believe their numbers and supposed measures of containment
it is a cookie issue. you either have tracking prevention on or checked to clear cookies on close. the solution is to either whitelist cookies for those sites or change your bookmarked url to include the "appendix" that sets your geography and language settings for duckduckgo these are called "url parameters": https://duckduckgo.com/params for bing they're called "query parameters": https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices-bingsearch/bing-web-api-v5-reference#query-parameters here is an unofficial lists for google: https://moz.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-to-the-google-search-parameters you can of course change your default search engine to include these url appendices before/after the %s part to give an example, this is my bookmark for google: https://www.google.com/webhp?pws=0&amp;gl=us&amp;gws_rd=ssl it stops redirecting to my local language and region and instead bring the usa version
i mean, it's very very tall irony
god you're stupid. i said the *colisseum* isn't called that. the statue commissioned by the polarising nationalist hindu government, and calling it "unity", is ***ironic***. this "freedom fighter" narrative completely glosses over sardar patel's instrumental role during the first indo-paki war of 1947 at the onset of partition, where he would essentially convert the temporary accession of kashmir into a permanent garrison of indian troops, and an everlasting sovereignty contention with pakistan and china. &gt; I feel sorry for you. You clearly believe whatever you have been told, without a shred of critical thinking to back it up. you are a fucking idiot. you best described yourself in that last sentence; that hundreds upon hundreds of millions of you braindead bastards are sucking on modi's tits doesn't make the milk reek any less of fascism. you stupid bastard. you are marching towards the edge of a cliff, and singing happy songs of unity, while over 200 million indian muslims are excluded and demonised. remember this mentality you had today when you explain to your grandkids how this murderous rhetoric caused so much unnecessary bloodshed. critical thinking, mother fucker. guy that copy-pastes zee tv headlines. what a fucking waste of my time
