It was a new desk temporarily brought in for an old venue. 16 channels was the scope asked for and 16 channels is what we delivered. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
The MADI is functioning as a band-in-a-box, sending up to 16 channels of audio to the desk in place of the stage inputs. Again, it's what the client wanted so it's what we gave them. Apparently they wanted to replicate some past performance.
Yep, it's [Dia](http://dia-installer.de/). One of my favourite diagramming tools.
It's a bundle of identical cables (in this case XLR) that are bound together, colour-coded and used to make multiple connections from one device to another.
Tbh this setup is overpowered for what we were using it for. Get some active speakers, a little Behringer mixer and you should be okay for small rock acts.
I was an AV tech. Sound, lighting and video for live performances and events. This particular signal flow diagram only covers the audio side of the stage setup we assembled.
[*Slightly* less sexy than the plan...](https://i.imgur.com/SR8hC1R.jpg)
You have to extract them first, which is when 4-man gank squads turn up and kill you. I stay faaaar away from the DZ.
Where can i get mental health like this???
I use this to track and farm LZ bosses! It's great.
Yep, the are Blueprint Vendors at Camp Clinton and the Terminal who will sell GS256 blueprints. The lower-gearscore blueprints are not worth your money and resources.
Wrong place to ask this question.
I believe it's one hour.
Where are you fighting? Outside the tunnel? You get penalised for moving too far away from her.
Then you're good to go to start farming perfect gear.
All gear is broken down like so: * **Rarity:** Higher-level enemies drop rarer gear, which has correspondingly better stats. The grades are colour-coded (https://i.imgur.com/1CVOuLI.png) so you can quickly tell them apart. * **Talents:** All end-game gear comes with at least one Talent, usually more. These talents offer special abilities, bonuses or conditional effects that are available as long as the piece of gear is equipped. Talents on weapons often require you to have certain values in Firearms, Stamina and/or Electronics to become available. All talents have a name (Vicious, Swift, Specialised, etc) and most talents are only available for certain gear types. * **Attributes:** These are your nitty-gritty RPG numbers. Wearable gear increases all three main stats, usually favouring one over the other two, and come with a handful of bonuses to secondary stats like Health, Reload Speed, Skillpower, Burn Resistance, and so on. All weapons come with one bonus such as increased Armour Damage or Critical Hit Chance, but bar chart stats (like Accuracy and Range) are not random. Hopefully this helps!
Skill Haste bonuses will bring your turret cooldown down.
I can attest to superglue's effectiveness in shutting wounds. I used to work with very sharp knives and a small swipe worked wonders for shutting wounds that just wouldn't clot.
6pc Classified Reclaimer build, with all pieces and mods specced for Electronics. Skill Haste on the gear mods and Healing Speed on the performance mods. Over 10,000 Electronics and 31,000HP/sec.
Where are you gonna store the dog on your pack? Doesn't really fit the established equipment look.
Talk to your wife. Hire a couple's counsellor. Don't abuse an implicit trust placed in you.
No, depp is a fucking spousal abuser. Fuck him.
hello, i am a person with social difficulties. where and when the fuck do people learn all this? some kindergarten class i didn't pay attention to?
K-TOOONGE is an incredible sound effect. It really does convey a heavy impact in a big puddle.
Will play-by-post take place in Roll20 or some other chat program?
Holy shit, the rendering style is great! I love this and wish I had the motor skill to do the same.
Fucking goddamnit. Put it in my mouth.
It's a bit of a waste, because Tumblr only lists the post sitewide in the first five tags - the rest are only useful for postscripts or organising your blog.
It does. I bought the season pass on sale last October.
Don't bother trying to focus on builds before you reach World Tier 5. Just use the best gear and weapons you can find, and experiment with it as you go.
There's no HVT-specific matchmaking but people usually LFG in global chat.
Destructive/Vicious/Ferocious, by far. Ferocious has some difficult stat requirements and is best used as the free talent. Recalibrate Vicious for something like Swift, Responsive, Predatory or whatever fits your playstyle.
Totally separate. Note that this is an Ubisoft game that connects through Uplay, not EA's Origin.
You make it sound like police departments would bother buying top-shelf equipment when they could just glue cheap army surplus to the robomules.
There's many different ones available on Youtube.
This is somehow both satisfying and unsatisfying at the same time. Good work.
Only the new gearsets. Each GE's caches only drop the gearsets from that GE.
TIL AR EAD bonuses apply to skill damage as well. Thanks!
Man, I'd do that if I could actually apply skins to my Hungry Hog and Caduceus.
Listed DPS is a meaningless number that's calculated using irrelevant stats. Desirable attributes depend on which weapon you're using, and are listed here in rough order of usefulness: * **MMRs:** Headshot Damage, Optimal Range, Critical Hit Chance, Critical Hit Damage and Magazine Size. * **ARs:** Accuracy, Stability, Magazine Size, Headshot Damage, Critical Hit Chance, Reload Speed, Optimal Range * **LMGs:** Stability, Magazine Size, Optimal Range, Headshot Damage, Reload Speed, Fire Rate * **SMGs:** Critical Hit Damage, Critical Hit Chance, Accuracy, Magazine Size, Optimal Range, Fire Rate * **Shotguns:** Critical Hit Chance, Critical Hit Damage, Headshot Damage, Magazine Size, Reload Speed
The ECHO? It'll be stored in your Intel collection, available in the pause menu.
Assuming you're using it in all six slots, gearsets are better - but Exotics are extremely powerful in moderation. Hexotic builds using HE gear and Skulls MC gloves with Shortbow Pads are very good. Barret's Vest, Bliss' Holster and Ferro's Mask just aren't good enough most of the time.
We've heard nothing from the devs.
It doesn't. Skill Haste only applies to your two assigned skill slots. I'm not sure if it applies to your Link.
Nobody plays Last Stand, some people play Survival occasionally and many people still play Underground. Dragon's Nest is extremely popular but hardly anyone beyond skilled endgame players attempts Stolen Signal, which is notoriously difficult if not impossible depending on team composition.
Why do people use Final Measure with high Electronics? Is there a synergy I'm missing?
I've had 4000 cloth for weeks now. All my HE and Gearset drops get turned into chances at DT.
I hadn't seen this, thanks. It's made me change a couple ways I approach the healer role in PvE.
Read the sidebar.
Hexotic is my go-to for PvE. It's powerful and versatile with none of the specialisation weakness found in gearsets. Vigorous, Skulls MC, Enduring, Shortbows and Specialised.
They're absolutely out, and you can buy DIY home kits that come with gloves, disinfectant, gauze and a little injector that inserts the glass-encapsulated RFID under your skin. Here's a video demonstration! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIDctzc_Wdg
Read the sidebar. https://discord.gg/thedivision
You *can*, but it's also a good way to stop having fun. HVTs, Resistance, the Dark Zone and Incursions offer much better payouts and have variety. If you have DLC, you can also play the Underground.
Expert doesn't have a stat requirement. Meanwhile the SVD comes with Disciplined by default with no stat requirements, *and* it can be rerolled into a new free talent. Expert *should* be a free slot but for some reason it's not.
I apologise. I was sure I'd read it on wikipedia, but I was apparently mistaken and may have accidentally mixed in some wild unsubstantiated claim. I'll strike it out.
I've had pub games thrown down the toilet because my teammates were busy killing mobs half a map away instead of doing the objective. They're idiots.
"lol triggered" is a shit punchline.
What do Manhunt caches pay out? What do you get for killing a Manhunt? I've never gotten either before.
Predator's Mark doesn't say anything about immunity, just resistance. Buffs like Adrenaline and Immunizer specifically grant *immunity*, not resistance.
Everyone wears masks in the DZ, it's a contaminated area and the game automatically equips it.
Are you shitting me? Solo legendary is like getting swarmed by locusts. Group legendary lets you split enemy attention between agents, rotate out injured teammates and increase your total killing power with a dedicated support player. It's *far* easier with help.
Survival does have a PvE mode, but matchmaking for either game type is sparse. The Incursion you'll miss out on is Stolen Signal, generally agreed to be *the* hardest mission in the game bar none with 3 veteran players minimum required to even complete the objectives. It's not worth it except maybe once for the achievements.
Search &amp; Destroy pays out peanuts compared to other Intel drops. You'll earn more than you can spend just from the weekly Legendary/Heroic Exotic caches.
I don't know of one, but I'm an Aus/NZ player. I main medic and have VoIP disabled. Gonna run Legendary/Heroic missions tomorrow if you're interested.
It's on the sidebar down the bottom if you need to find it in the future.
It's amazing. It acts as a gear piece from any set, allowing you to activate multiple gearset bonuses at once. A hybrid gearset build can potentially compete with Classified gearsets.
If you can run missions on Challenging both solo and in a group, you're all set. Remember to only buy superior caches and don't let your GE credit wallet get full and waste credits.
Each section of the map is set to spawn a specific faction. Only the WSP mixes them. If you're not aware of where to find each faction while roaming, just play a story mission.
You can easily move up World Tiers by grinding the LZ roaming bosses. They drop good equipment and you should rise in gearscore quickly.
Each optimisation is a very small improvement. You may have to Optimise multiple times for the Gearscore to rise.
How many GE credits will Heroic Incursion named bosses give? 58 like Legendary bosses?
There's three gates in the level: the derailed subway car as you enter the rail tunnels, the roller doors in front of the stairs up and the wire gates above ground just before the final area. You can sprint past everything, reach the next gate, and kill the enemies there to open it.
It's more compact and the regions are smaller, but yes. Each faction spawns in certain areas.
You will take that damage *directly*, not on your shield. This is a status effect like fire.
Get to level 30, then get to World Tier 5, then start farming gear. Before then all drops are temporary trash. Then try putting together a build using High-End gear pieces and look at what kind of Gearset you want to use, if any.
Get Ferocious in the third slot. You want more Firearms for your DPS build.
This year we have Hudson Refugee Camp, which can be run notably fast due to having only three enemy gates.
That's alright, nobody will make you play Dragon's Nest if you don't want to. I hope you enjoy whichever missions you choose to play.
&gt; * Turn off world chat. Unless you're really needing a ton of racist bullshit in your feed. The biggest piece of advice in the whole post.
Do you get to leave afterwards or does it just play out like an indefinite sandbox *a la* Minecraft?
They're bribes. Call them bribes.
Addis Abeba is an alternative spelling of Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia. The green/yellow/red stripes correspond to the colours of the Etheopian flag (minus the central blue circle). The ring is likely a souvenir from that area.
Is it the pin from an adjustable seat shaft? That looks like it would be pushed through the appropriate holes and then clamped on with the black plastic clasp.
Ask a jeweller or metalsmith to make you one.
The T-section resembles a large waveguide, not the pole.
This is everything I hoped for and more. Where can I buy one of these?
You still get GE credits for beating a mission on Challenging, and Lexington is so fast that it remains a good farm.
Host your own games instead of whining.
Did she say *why* you'd be shot? This idea sounds insane.
Tried restarting the game?
Hbomberguy refused to condemn a rapist amongst his staff, so thanks but I'll pass.
Haven't encountered those issues on PC. Maybe your connection is bad?
I've found the opposite to be true. My attempts to play a shield tank have met with failure.
I keep Exotics, Classifieds and a few god-roll HE weapons. Not all of them, but most of the good rolls.
No, but we're asking the devs for it and hopefully they'll notice.
Buy caches from vendors, recalibrate weapons and purchase blueprints.
The Optimisation Station lets you spend 50 D-Tech (and some other resources) to slightly increase the stats of a piece of gear. You can repeat this as many times as you like until you each the maximum values for the item's gearscore/world tier bracket. The lower an item's gearscore, the worse its' stats are for its' bracket.
Sounds like confirmation bias?
I'm especially relating to that right now, as I discovered today the AK rifles have literally optimal damage. They do more damage per shot, per second *and* per minute, even with the slower fire rate and reload. They out-burst the M4s! So I dusted off the god-roll Classic AK I'd left mouldering at the bottom of my stash, and now I have to look like a fashion disaster with a shitty scope mount and wood furniture.
Who and what is Cardi B?
The DPS figure is fairly meaningless, as it's calculated using situational modifiers. Look at the damage per-shot instead.
Destructive is always essential for a PvE weapon.
This is exactly why I stay away from the DZ. There's no fun in having to fight just to earn rewards you can get elsewhere.
By that time, the company is unsalvagable. When the rot becomes visible you know the entire thing is lost.
There is no "thrill" in having half a dozen HE caches taken by some asshole.
I'm missing out on being ganked and having my loot taken from me? I'll live.
You don't have to be in cover. Whenever you exit combat, the bar immediately fills to 100% and doesn't decrease until combat starts again.
What does "carebear" mean?
**Explanation:** All three weapon families accept the same mods, use the same fire mode, grant the same EAD bonuses, have the same headshot multipliers, hold the same number of rounds per magazine and are identical within each family so these factors were not accounted for. The main values of interest are rate of fire, reload speed, maximum base damage roll and (most crucially) *scaling factor*. All values were taken from Spydr101's Division Gear Attribute Sheet. Each weapon's maximum base damage roll was multiplied by its' Scaling Factor. This produces scaled damage figures that proportionally represent the difference in damage growth when your Firearms stat boosts weapon damage, and is the factor missing from MarcoStyle's calculations. Click to the second page of the spreadsheet to see what the results look like *without* scaling factors, and notice how the M4/AK comparison closely matches MarcoStyle's graphs. Each rifle family's 4-magazine simulation was split into events that mark the end of firing and reloading phases. The time these events occur at was calculated and then all three families' running damage totals were simultaneously tracked against a single timeline that was then graphed. If I've made an error somewhere, please tell me!
Gear Attribute Sheet says it's 1.6 and the Warlord is 1.69, that's as much as I can tell you. Even with a 1.5 scaling factor, the AK is better than the M4: https://i.imgur.com/yIqeEBW.png **EDIT:** Firearms is not a relevant factor to these calculations. Multiplying the weapon damage by the scaling factor ensures an accurate representation of the proportions between each weapon at any FA score.
Urgh fuck, this math is doing my head in. So weapon damage = base damage + (scaling factor * firearms)?
It's night-time here in Aus.
I never claimed the best overall. I said best *damage numbers*.
Then that means AK rifles don't always have the same percentage advantage over M4s. While their change in damage over firearms is always ~23%, the difference in base weapon damage means that an AK has a far greater lead on an M4 at low firearms and only approaches 23% at arbitrarily high values. I'll crunch some 2000 vs. 8000 FA numbers tomorrow when I'm not running on fumes.
That's what I said, yep.
LVOA-C's reload is 50ms longer and the Police M4 does not accept Improved Iron Sight mods.
The advancement of computing and neurology to the point where brains can be digitized and simulated. It'd solve a *lot* of ills.
God fucking damn you are living my dream.
In case they have to ask questions/query details/hand out prizes/etc. and need to speak face-to-face with the *real* individual(s). If Daft Punk secretly sends two dudes in costumes to the Emmys and the stagehands need to hand them prize money or verify they're authorised to be backstage, then the real Daft Punk needs to be somewhere onsite so they can turn up and say "it's okay".
I worked maccas for a year. Small, understaffed, under-equipped hole-in-the-wall in a food court. People from other stores were dumped there to wash out and resign. I joined because it was my local. One day I fuck up a cheeseburger twice because the customer wanted no cheese. We're always understaffed so everything is always done as fast as possible, and when you see that tomato/mustard/onion/pickle stack you automatically slam down cheese on it like you've been drilled to do so. I stupidly do this twice in a row to the same burger after it was sent back and my manager comes fucking stomping into the kitchen like the fucking Hulk. I should point out, our store was tiny so the "kitchen" was only partially hidden behind some shelves. Customers could hear us talking and see us working. So it's pretty much in front of all the customers that this manager comes fucking right up into my face and *screams* at me to do it again and not fuck it up. I was totally unprepared for this and struggled to avoid dripping tears into the burgers shortly afterwards. Not a good place and i resigned quickly after the *good* manager left. **tl;dr:** Don't eat at macdonald's. They chew workers up and spit them out for profit.
The police peacefully helping someone? Ha ha, funny joke.
Christ almighty. This has discouraged me 100% from buying into R6S. I have no desire to play when the publishers will likely try to overmonetise the game again. I'll stick with The Division, thanks.
What's in them?
Yes, but it's packaged Train Simulator-style with each pack catering to a different kind of player. Last Stand is entirely PvP, Underground is co-operative PvE and Survival is gritty realism PvE. Most people only enjoy one of the three - I prefer Underground. It's exactly how DLC should be set out. Likely different people at Ubisoft are in charge of monetising it.
I'd like to be able to set or at least just roll gear appearances. Some of the low-level gear looked quite nice, but all my WT5 chests have one of half a dozen models.
I agree with you on the Cleaners - putting themselves in danger to fight and clear a virulent disease is noble and admirable until you see they're just firebombing everything without any sort of process or criteria. It's also understandable, as Joe was driven mad with grief after his wife became one of the outbreak's first victims - but as the saying goes: cool motive, still murder.
I don't know about anything Firearms-centric, but I can heartily reccomend a 4pc Reclaimer/3pc Tactician station medic build. The Tactician bonuses give a big boost to First Aid and will let you swap all Skill Haste gear mods for Skillpower.
Put a bit of blutack on your screen.
Congratulations on making this woman's incredible accomplishments all about you and your entitled whining.
Probably because this sub (and now, the people over at melbournecrime) often jump onto the "immigrant crime" bandwagon where they can yell about foreigners ruining australia as if the white people coming here didn't ruin it first.
Australia was built on immigrant labour. White people's claim to fame is murdering all the native australians, stealing their children and leaving the survivors to live in squalor and met with rejection at every turn.
At this exact moment, I wouldn't mind a stuffed nose. Someone on this bus smells like they haven't showered for some time.
That's still Klaus puppeting Gil around, right?
I have absolutely no clue. Last thing I knew, Klaus was pretending to be Gil full-time.
It absolutely does, but good snipers know this and are ready to leg it as soon as the bombardment starts. Now the enemy has shot an entire salvo/bomb rack/missile load or more at a bit of countryside with nothing to show for it. Then the sniper reaches their second position and starts all over again.
Ooop, I'll edit the post to include that information so nobody else gets anxious.
Depends how good his scope was, and how far away and how bored he was. Sometimes all you can see is something that you're *pretty* sure is a person.
Thanks but Howard Taylor is a diehard mormon who thinks gay people shouldn't be allowed to marry, among other wacky and harmful beliefs.
You'll have to be more specific, I have no idea what that means.
No reclaimer? Unrelatable.
Are they armed? I can't tell.
Yep, I used to love schlock mercenary until I learned about the author's beliefs. You should be able to google around for his thanksgiving post where he says "marriage" should be for religious people only and everyone else should make do with civil unions. He's likely also tithing a large portion of the comic's income to the church, which they use for things like political bribes and covering up rape.
That shit is expensive. With VR, you can play any activity you like for as long as you like in any way you like, for the cost of a cheap cardboard box. I know the local pool hall objects when I feel like playing in my underpants and put my drinks on the felt.
The cleaners didn't fucking cut off an infected finger, they took all of them off on both hands and set fire to the stumps that were left. They had no process or method and likely contributed to spreading the virus by fighting organised quarantine and treatment.
That implies PvE DZ is not already ruined by Rogues forcing you into PvP.
The radial wheels aren't so hot on PC either. It's too easy to fumble between the emote and consumable wheels, or fail to hold long enough and lock yourself out of the entire thing for two minutes.
Reclaimer's in a good place, but the 50% revive speed boost needs to make a comeback even if it's at the price of the instant-cooldown mechanic. Right now I have to use Defibrilator First Aid to quickly pick teammates off the ground, and if my second skill slot was open I'd become a more flexible skillpower player with more to do other than wait for my box to expire (i.e. Pulse support). Tactician's Authority 6pc also needs to be more straightforward. I still don't fully understand it and it discourages me in contrast to the simple and effective station heal style of Reclaimer. Finally, and this is not 100% related to gearsets, but Immuniser has an issue where certain status effects such as fire or non-predator bleed continue to affect teammates even when they're being covered by the station.
All gear pieces can be optimised to the maximum for their World Tier. World Tier 5 items (GS256+) will all eventually reach 286 and perfect stats. Gearscore is just a measure of how good the item's stats are. Lower Gearscore items just need more optimisations to reach 286. If you can find an identical exotic weapon with better stats, then optimise that instead. If you can't, just optimise what you have. The end result is the same and the only difference is how much D-Tech you'll use in the process.
Without rogues, I'd be able to actually *enjoy* the DZ instead of having some asshole like you shoot me and take away the loot I spent ages farming for. The DZ needs to have its' PvE put somewhere else it can be enjoyed.
That player would have been able to extract the bag anyway if you hadn't taken it from them. Very *kind* of the bullies to give back what they stole.
I stumbled onto environmental puzzles when I accidentally went to the credits without solving a single puzzle above ground.
This is 100% excellent. I used to use a build just like this before I completed my Classified Reclaimer set. I don't see any issues with it at all, great work! I want to point out though that you will be healed by the *first* healing station whose radius you entered, not the latest. If you put your station down first and nobody leaves it, basic stations placed afterwards won't block your healing.
The Cleaners actively destroyed quarantine measures in their mad rush to burn everyone they think is "unclean", which helped spread the virus. They're idiots with no process behind their crusade.
What's the maintenance for?
https://tomclancy-thedivision.ubisoft.com/game/en-gb/news/detail.aspx?c=tcm:154-319987-16&amp;ct=tcm:154-76770-32 1.8.2 will apparently add two new Legendary missions (we don't know what they are yet, but they will probably be revealed on the PTS) and Shields, which is some sort of achievement system that will earn rewards for The Division 2.
How much optimisation helps will depend on how good your current gear is. If you're using stuff in the 250s and 260s, then you'll see a jump. If your gear is already in the 270s and 280s, then you'll only see a small improvement. Overall it's worth the cost in D-Tech, as there's nothing else to do with the stuff unless you're flat broke on crafting mats. Enemy damage doesn't increase, but there will be more spawns and higher-ranked enemies with more people in the group.
TIL.
It's worth noting that you can have a higher *effective* shield HP with Damage Reduction mods instead of Shield Health.
The elephant's foot is significantly less radioactive after a few decades. It'll still give you an agonising death by radiation poisoning if you're close enough to look at it, but it's no longer the Ark of the Covenant.
With infinite wealth, you can be damn sure I won't be letting myself or anyone else die. Robot bodies for everyone!
It's not the *Red* Planet for nothing.
It's the last point under Bug Fixes.
...does that mean EMPing yourself at full stacks with 0% resistance is a viable Striker strat?
The entire *point* of going into the DZ is to loot contaminated items. If I spend an hour clearing landmarks for classifieds and exotics, only to have my loot taken from me by some asshole, is that fair?
Doesn't that also eat precious Electronics?
Only in PvP, most of the game is blissfully unaffected.
cringe/10
Man, that'd require having friends and then having friends who play this game. Everyone I meet on public seems to eventually turn out to be living with their parents and either 12 or 40.
PxC drains extremely quickly, especially when buying Mod Caches for godrolls or Classified Caches. It's not easy to keep up.
Raids? What are Heroic/Legendary missions then?
&gt; I am one of the last "pvp gods" &gt; honed my skills to perfection &gt; dominate the servers solo Sure, buddy.
Is there a gif available for mobile users? Youtube's not loading.
You won't need to pay for a Live subscription, and some of the radial menus are a little easier to use on PC.
I don't know who you've been watching, but it sounds like they've tried to feed you horseshit.
Classified Striker.
No more than usual. Sounds like it might be your connection.
Wey-Yu already exists in the form of Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline, both international pharmaceutical conglomorates who've been repeatedly convicted of bribing medical professionals to push ineffective drugs - and show no sign of slowing down on it.
No issues at all over the last few days.
Heroic Incursions are roughly tied for PvE popularity with Legendary Missions and Pier 93 Resistance. All three activities offer equivalent levels of reward with different loot distributions, but Heroic and Legendary missions are very similar.
Wait, AusPost outsources? Posties aren't direct govt employees any more? Uh oh. Time to go bother my MP. Government isn't supposed to be profitable.
Are you trying to tell us that people *deserve* to be beaten by the police?
Online. Many manufacturers in developing countries churn out anything including nazi memorabillia, trying to meet as many markets at once and as cheaply as possible so resellers in developing countries will buy their products. It's even more distanced by the fact that mass-manufacturer countries, such as Vietnam, China, Thailand, and so on, lack the cultural connotations of disgust and hatred towards Nazi imagery that's so deeply embedded in consumer western countries.
Then please, tell us how the "lead-up to the situation" could possibly explain violent physical abuse by uniformed officers of a tax-funded government organisation whose primary role is to maintain order and present potential offenders to the courts for trial.
I agree. There's a number of talents in TD1 that are woefully vague and lack crucial information. The Bullfrog's Uncomplicared talent is especially obfuscated.
TD1's talent descriptions can be just as vauge and incomplete.
TD1's talents are sometimes just as incomplete.
We already had the AA12 as an Exotic.
I'd love a laser designator for air support or artillery strikes. It's not unreasonable that infrastructure could have been rebuilt to support a couple howitzers or an A-10. You could spend points on swapping payloads, increasing area of effect, reducing cooldown, or increasing damage.
What is your Gearscore?
I actually tried to calculate Uncomplicated's rate of decay - it seems to go down in steps, but I got fed up and abandoned the project when I discovered a bug where the exact percentage depends on what order you equip gear and mods.
Doesn't neccesarily have to be government-operated, howitzers work just as well when operated by trained civillians from one of the strongholds you can support.
Try the Discord.
That's true, shame.
https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/84l5vw/dear_massive_please_reveal_the_formula_for/ I actually collaborated with him briefly and discovered inconsistiencies between my results and his, including the aforementioned bug.
Story and side missions. Do them all and you'll almost certainly hit Level 30. Take your time and enjoy the experience, because the game changes dramatically when you reach that point.
I'm a bit concerned as well, as I really enjoy the medic role in The Division, but I'm still cautiously excited to explore a new healing landscape when they reveal more closer to release.
Yep! I outlined my steps to reproduce in the thread I linked. Let me know if you can/can't reproduce it yourself, if you end up trying it.
How does the IRS know you've paid the right amount? Surely a definitive check of how much you earned would include needing to know how you earned it?
In The Division 1, agents can use an Ammo Cache mod on their Support Station which allows infinite reloads as long as they're within range. Even on Legendary missions, where ammo is burned incredibly fast, a good Reclaimer medic will keep the team stocked. It's not unreasonable to assume that a similar buff will be available in TD2.
https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/8r1eey/newish_player_reactivation_cache/ **tl;dr:** you lose nothing by opening it
Funny you mention that - they actually *were* running Scrambler. And they all split up and died individually on the roof fight - unsalvagable disaster.
They're no better than the usual endgame Level 34 mods, but they are a lot cheaper in this bundle.
You'll be able to use it once you reach Level 30.
Like I said, on the balcony at the *back* of the tech wing. Go through one of the doors and explore the entire wing.
How could you possibly have competed 4+ shields before it dropped to retroactively reach tier 2+?
I haven't been experiencing pre-stagger myself, so it's not universal.
The problem is that if we hadn't datamined these shields, we would have only a couple months to frantically farm and collect exotic loot. It's poorly-concieved and I hope it gets changed before release.
Welcome back!
It's a great time to start playing. You'll move through the story content and enter the endgame content within a couple months, and there's currently all sorts of free loot being handed out that you'll be able to use once you get there.
2 months is a padded estimate. I reached Level 30 in three weeks of comfortably slow effort. The journey is always best the first time around, so take your time and enjoy the experience.
No such thing as a "safe strobe". It always has the potential to induce seizures, even in people who've never had one before.
Finally saved up enough PxC to buy one and test it - recoil patterns reach identical heights and don't seem very different. To me, the Liberator seems to just be an exotic LWM4.
They didn't. Try a fresh reinstall of Windows.
L85's squad automatic version is already ingame, I don't see Massive doubling up with an AR version as well. I'd like to see the Kel-Tec RFB, Desert Eagle, or VHS-2.
People have been wanting Central Park since the early days - I remember a fake fan roadmap for Year 2 that ended in a Graveyard expansion and fighting heavily-armed Hunter-style enemies in Central Park's mass graves.
The E3 demo showed that there will be no cooldown for signature weapons, but ammo drops for them from enenies are rare - I believe the developers said about 1 full reload will drop per fight.
But the people who *do* get rich are the kind of people to steal fruit from driveway stands.
1. LWM4 is still the gold standard. The Bullfrog outperforms it in terms of raw DPS, but has a shaky recoil pattern and kicks harder. The G36C has almost no recoil and a quick reload, but does slightly less DPS over the short-term. The House has far and away the best DPS performance, but suffers from the poor range and accuracy that affects all SMGs. 2. Breaking down Gear is always better unless you're totally full on Fabric, as credits usually just rain from the sky. I'm currently selling all my Gear for cash to buy weapons mods to scrap. 3. Blueprints have been the same over the last year. 4. Legendary/Heroic missions are usually your best bet - Clear Sky is the fastest but Amhearst is easier to do with public matchmaking. 5. Enemy Armour Damage is still essential for PvE. It's almost useless for PvP. 6. I usually just fast travel to the nearest location for the dozen most accessible bosses like Bullet King and Chains. 7. Resistance is a survival mode where you have to fend off increasingly harder waves of enemies in one of three maps in the new West Side Piers district. It's considered lucrative because there are one or two reward caches on each map that will spit out Classified and Exotic gear with enough SHD Tech put into them, and Pier 93 is considered the easiest to farm.
You can complete the entire game co-op.
Daily and Weekly Assignments. Daily Assignment caches contain 25 D-Tech each and Weekly caches contain 100. The season pass supply drop coughs up another 100 D-Tech twice a month. I'm actually starting to reach the 4000 limit, especially with Shield Caches.
You won't see Gearsets until Level 30. They are lime green pieces of gear that give special bonuses when 2 or more pieces from the same set are worn at once. Each set has 6 pieces in total. Normal gearset pieces give bonuses for up to 4 pieces worn, and special "Classified" pieces can give up to 6-piece bonuses if all pieces worn are Classified. Non-classified gearset pieces become very common and can drop almost anywhere, but Classified pieces are always difficult to find and usually only drop from bosses.
I reccomend going 6-piece if you want to get the most out of Striker. The reduced stack loss makes it easier to maintain the bonuses and the regen can be powerful at high stacks. If you want your current gear to be better, you can spend gold Division Tech at the Optimisation Station to slowly raise all stats on a piece to maximum. It's a heavy investment if your gear is starting at a low Gearscore, but it can be well worth the cost to improve all your stats.
They start appearing, yes.
Almost everyone is playing on World Tier 5, usually on Challenging or Legendary missions. Some are playing Heroic incursions, and a few are playing Resistance or PvP. The Division discord server has LFG chats available to find teammates in.
The highest individual character score is actually 290. A rounding error causes it to sometimes display as 291.
One Reclaimer healer, one support (like a Tactician engie or Sentry marksman) and two Lonestar/Striker/Predator DPS. The DPS pair focus on slaying enemies, the support makes it easier for them to do so and makes it harder for enemies to kill them, and the healer focuses on keeping everyone alive and firing.
The new Legendary missions feature a Hunter at the end with a guaranteed Exotic drop if you don't wipe during the mission. Amhearst is probably the most reliable way of farming them, and you can get the weekly Exotic Caches while you're at it.
Oh wow, I thought they were continuing the modern/historical parallel story this whole time. So all the games from Black Flag until Syndicate are standalone within the AC universe? I'll just read their plots on the wiki if that's the case.
Thanks!
Is origins decent gameplay-wise? A female modern protagonist is appealing but I heard a lot of uproar about microtransactions earlier this year.
Thanks! Are the "deluxe" or "gold" editions worth the price? Should I wait for a sale?
Ballistic shields as they are now need fixing before they'd be worth including in D2. It's nigh-impossible to play an aggro-tank with one, despite the supposed bonus to Threat, and too often your teammates will take fire instead.
Presumably many game files need to be patched with your new season pass status. Depending on how Ubisoft packages and pushes updates, Uplay may be redownloading large chunks of the original installation to replace old data.
Reactivation Caches dissapear from the Resource Vendor after a few weeks - pick them up now and you can safely keep them and open them at endgame later.
Don't forget wasting skill slots on active support stations!
&gt; nonwhites are the minority I absolutely guarantee that's not the case unless we're talking about somewhere very scandanavian or slavic like Poland. ~~White people are a numerical minority in the US.~~
It's a difference in interpersonal culture and expression of emotion. Nobody's actually running away and not coming back, they just choose to express their stupefaction and "I can't fucking believe what just happened" in that way. Also, it's a super bad idea to refer to black people as "blacks". That particular phrasing has a deep assocation with racism.
Occasional thoughts of death or violence are normal and no cause for alarm. It's well documented and most, if not all, people will have them. You should contact a trustworthy doctor if such thoughts occupy most of your time, increase in frequency, fixate on a specific act or topic, or frequently interfere with normal tasks.
Bedcovers aren't airtight. She knows.
Circumcision does not affect sensation or orgasm strength.
Yes. Not in the *same* way, there's some differences in neurological structure and function like the male refractory period, but the penis is an analogue to the clitoris and vice-versa. The same fetal tissue develops different ways into the two structures.
Usually they use tampons and keep the strings short. Pads are difficult because the work often involves fairly narrow underwear. Disclaimer: I am not a sex worker.
It's never ok to be racist.
Nobody's comfortable with women being mistreated. Which particular practices are you talking about?
Nope. Most gay people have had abuse-free childhoods.
Use a throwaway account.
How would you know what to sound like if you couldn't hear? Deaf people have to guess.
It depends on the individual. Some vaginas squirt, some don't, some squirt a lot and some squirt only a little, some have thin, watery ejaculate and some have thick and mucous-y ejaculate. Sometimes they don't squirt during every orgasm. The mechanism behind it is not yet fully understood.
It took me *ages* to find the Resource tab too.
Oh, right. They just don't know. All they know is "free college" and "help your country". Few people are aware of the violence and imperialism inherent to the millitary, and even internalise it during their training.
It depends what kind of activities you like to play. Underground is PvE-only and offers fun, replayable challenges for people who enjoy dungeon crawls. Last Stand is PvP-only and is considered to be the most populated PvP mode behind the Dark Zone. Survival is both PvE and PvP, and offers what is considered to be the most fun out of all three DLCs, but suffers from a low population and low matchmaking times.
There's a pretty good variety amongst PvE builds. Unless you're playing some of the hardest content, you can get away with only using a "good enough" build. Sniper builds are indeed very viable, with no less than three gearsets focused on using marksman rifles, but console users sometimes have issues making headshots with a controller.
Classified gear is usually farmed from Resistance runs, Classified Caches or named bosses. Secondary stats should contribute to your build's main function - skill builds need Skill Haste and Disrupt Resistance, DPS builds need Ammo Capacity and Reload Speed, etc. The DPS figure ingame is meaningless - it assumes optimal conditions and firing at maximum RoF. Look at damage-per-shot instead.
Not unless you're serving it while dressed up in yellowface or something.
How did you get this to happen?
Looks great - but how are you going to show it to people ingame?
Well I guess I'm not playing The Division tonight after work then.
Close range full-body use of pepper spray, which can and has killed people, on a dozen passive protestors? Sounds like aggression to me. Doesn't matter if it was premeditated. And if the police would have gotten hurt trying to move them by hand - boo hoo. They are the police. This is why they are issued things like body armour and visored helmets. The safest method for the police is not always the correct way.
If a group of trained, armed, and armoured riot police cannot physically separate people with minimal injury, then those policemen should not have been sent to a high-stress situation.
Cops are the historical abusers of the queer community, especially in western countries during the late 20th century.
Wait, you mean I can still play Survival even if it's just me in the match?
...which is why trans men often feel safer outing themselves in such a setting amongst only other trans men. Which is what's described above.
From what I understand, the cisgender ratio is skewed because of poor diagnoses in girls and women. Nobody wants to believe the "I like trains and don't like communication" thing could be present in outwardly-female patients.
Unfortunately, Uncomplicated suffers from a bug where certain equipment combinations cause the buff to tick up or down without any Stability or Accuracy mods changed: http://reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/84l5vw/dear_massive_please_reveal_the_formula_for/dvtpc95 Here’s the results of my testing so far (switch to the Uncomplicated tab): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17ubm6qB5EqdO9HKPoq407LVlSlq7RlQf7GhDhFB7CgM/edit?usp=sharing Please, I encourage anyone to try and replicate this. So far I haven't heard if it happens for anyone else.
My money's on the culprit trying to push the Professor further and further until he finally snaps and cleans up the crime scene for them.
That's overkill, and may slowly dissolve your mop over time. A tablespoon or two in a 20-litre mop bucket of hot water is sufficient to kill bacteria on the floor in a regular home.
There's probably a good reason if women are avoiding you.
Get well soon!
Hackers are not rampant, merely uncommon in PvP and nonexistient in PvE. Sniper builds are pretty good. They deal good damage but are considered best in a supporting role - the straight-up DPS crown firmly belongs to Striker. PvP meta is pretty samey, but that's true for most PvP games. The Division's real shine (and 80% of the game) lies in the PvE. If you don't want to play a co-op team shooter with RPG builds, then this game is not for you.
What are you talking about? The sockets are elevated, so the electricity just has to run downhill. That's why venue sockets are always in the ceiling.
&gt; the government entity I work for has spots all over the world Not sure if defence or benevolent aid. Not sure which one is worse to work for.
Seeker weapons are indeed very useful, and this is one of the situations where melee weapons become more viable. If the squad needs to pacify or kill indiscriminately, sonic weapons would be extremely powerful in an aquatic environment - but they'll need to shield themselves from it or be affected as well.
I don't think the LVOA-C should be on there. It's equal to or inferior to the LWM4 in all respects. The recoil kicks harder and while some people say the LWM4 shakes more, it's undetectable in bullet impacts at 20-30m. It also reloads a *shade* slower and doesn't have a WT5 blueprint available.
You're assuming the Hunters are sane - it's not unreasonable to assume that more First Wave agents went round the twist like Keener after the Dark Zone turned into a charnel house, and fixated on killing off the rest of the Division for whatever reason. Who else would have access to Division tech such as Support Stations, and be able to so reliably disrupt Second Wave agents' gear?
That's ghost recon, though. And none of the hunters have turned invisible - though that'd be awesome.
Is that reaction normal?
Incorrect. *Theoretically*, lethal injection is painless. However, nobody's come back from the process to give feedback and certain anecdotal evidence of pain/suffering reactions on the second and third injections means that it *may* actually be causing excruciating suffering - but little research has been done into it. What happened to being shot in the head? Hell, just crush the entire brain between two big rocks. Remove the possibility for any suffering by removing everything capable of experincing it at once.
Wouldn't that prevent us from finding random perk rerolls on exotics? I love my Synthoceps but I really don't need Special Ammo Finder on them.
I keep hearing about those, what is a "trace rifle"?
Do... do other classes not spawn with shotgun ammo?
God *please* I'd kill for a reroll mechanic for exotics and legendaries, even if it's just being able to craft new copies with new rolls.
Wait, what? What'e this Annex thing? I've never heard of it before.
Child rape *is* a longstanding traditional activity of the christian and catholic churches...
It's the absolute worst. None of these bounties are fun or doable for me unless I sit in Gambit or Crucible and struggle to play along in a game mode I neither enjoy nor can play effectively.
Got a screenshot?
That's a solution to a problem that shouldn't exist.
Oof, that's a fire code violation and a half.
There's a new content season just today. If you like Destiny 2 and like its' grind, then yes, it is a good time to get back in.
Mine worked as normal. Got a warlock helmet ornament.
I get the feeling that this is something the Baron of the Wulfenbach empire shouldn't be seeing.
I'd love one, please!
It's okay, you can say Edge Transit.
Bad bot.
&gt; John and Tom Ryan have taken their obsession with "Jaws" to new heights -- approximately four feet above the booths in their Travis restaurant. The original 1990 model shark used in the Universal Studios "Jaws" ride now hangs inside 494 Chicken. &gt; "We're just really big 'Jaws' fans," John Ryan said from behind the counter of the primarily take-out restaurant. "Someone advertised that they had the original 'Jaws' model and I knew I had to see it to believe it." &gt; While perusing the web for "Jaws" merchandise -- a hobby the brothers say they've had since they saw the first film as kids -- the Ryans came across someone from Maryland who claimed the original "Jaws" used to emulate chilling film scenes at Universal Studios washed up near his home. &gt; "I thought, 'This is nuts, but if it's the real thing, it's worth a shot to check it out,' and it definitely was," John Ryan said. "We definitely got a few looks while driving. It's not every day you see someone driving a truck with a shark hanging out of it." &gt; Yep, the 13-foot-long shark model was too big for the vehicle he and his brother used to haul "Jaws" back to Staten Island. &gt; BTW: This is the only known "Jaws" model in one piece, which John said was his main motivation for purchasing it. To get it into the restaurant, the brothers had to remove the front window and use a crane. &gt; "It was a lot of work, but it actually inspired us to bring our collection to the restaurant," John Ryan said. "We're in the process of making our own little 'Jaws' area." &gt; Blue lighting, vintage shark photos and other nautical items, like buoys and boat figurines, serve as an ode to the series. &gt; The Ryan brothers don't play when it comes to their love of "Jaws." John Ryan said the pair has been collecting merchandise and newspaper clippings on "Jaws" for as long as they can remember. &gt; So how do regulars feel about eating under the giant shark? While it takes up a good amount of room, John Ryan said customers pay it no mind. &gt; "I've seen a lot of people not even realize it's there," he said. "For the most part, this piece has become a conversation starter. People want to know where it came from, why we have it and, honestly, I'm happy to tell them."
I'd much rather matchmake for Blind Well in an Orbit screen that I can leave to work by itself hands-free, than have to make my character walk down a long corridor very slowly. Hallway loading screens are a poor idea if they aren't long enough at the fastest movement speed possible - and if they *are* long enough, then they're too long and players will get bored and frustrated.
What are you talking about? Cayde died because his Ghost was destroyed. No ghost means no healing *or* resurrection. Before that, his Ghost had been doing both when neccessary.
You don't know it will.
Thankyou! So much waffle and wank, and your comment was the only one that told me I was looking at the inside of a torus.
If you cut a solar-system-shaped hole out of the Milky Way's accretion disk, it becomes a (lopsided) torus.
If it was meant to be a joke, it went over my head. I still don't see it.
Bless, thankyou.
I assume the Essence stacks, is there a cap?
You can't split him into two perfectly symmetrical halves, because his skull is coated with adamantium. If you split him into two masses of equal weight, then the part that contains his skull and brain regenerates into Wolverine. The other half regenerates into a wolverine clone who shares no memories or personality. I'm willing to bet that it's been at least one comic plotline. Probably in the late silver age.
Then it's an absolute no-brainer. I take the immortality and work out how to bestow it on everyone else.
Absolutely. PvP activities in Destiny are no-fun roulettes that feel utterly uncontrollable. Wander around, get killed a bunch, maybe cap a few flags if the game mode permits, then the match ends and you either won or lost. The weekly practically encourages AFKing your way through those five games.
Cryo-sleep watches are a bad idea because the subjective experience is shorter than the entire trip but is still spent working the entire time, as well as prohibitively expensive due to delicate freeze/thaw procesures. If you're gonna put people in the freezer, have them go down for the entire journey. The best solution is to implement a non-sentient (to avoid ethical snarls) AI overseer who will monitor the ship and it's surroundings, waking essential crewmembers if there's an emergency. There's very little that can sneak up on a spaceship with working sensors (anything warmer than -220'C will show up like a christmas tree on infrared) and early detection range for line-of-sight is usually measured in light-minutes. If no AI is available, then a specially-trained crew who can deal with 6 months of isolation and cabin fever could be an acceptable substitute.
Because it was full of SIVA and housed a splinter of Rasputin. Almost the entirety of the Iron Lords died horribly there, or were twisted into nanoplague cyberzombies. It's a charnel house full of death with nothing of value left in it.
I wouldn't say that RNG defines a looter shooter. I think it's A) gathering loot drops and B) shooting targets to make said loot drop. RNG is a common theme, to add unexpected variety, but having a little is better than having a lot.
So, you want to create a situation where hunters can spam dodges without cooldown?
Default on PC is Shift.
Magic can (among other things) create water from literally nothing, instantly repair complicated objects, and teleport people across the planet. It would revolutionise robot society and make each wizard not only an incredibly superior power source but also a fantasic font of resources and utilities. If magic interferes with their bodies, it can be used safely in isolated areas. I would expect them to be able to clear the burnt sky and start travelling to other planets.
Crop rotation. Only spacefaring civillisations are culled, leaving less-advanced cultures to thrive and eventually become spacefaring during the next cycle. Culled worlds are left fallow during the subsequent cycle (such as Ilos, where nobody lives) and allowed to slowly recover over the next ten thousand years or so of galactic development. Exceptions to this rule, such as the former Prothean world of Eden Prime, occur when the new races use it for something different i.e. farming and archeology.
This is not related to the topic of this subreddit.
Now I am the most important friend! Nobody is more important than me, because I am the only one there...
It's never explained to us, so of course nobody knows.
She is absolutely right and y'all have fallen into a racist snare.
Yes and no. Blind, to someone who doesn't play Gambit often, the Phalanx *is* harder. However, the Knight is absolutely beefier and if you can juke the Phalanx into lowering their shield (footshots, flanking, stuns) then it goes down like a sack of bricks. I can decimate, if not outright kill, an entire pack of Phalanxes with one Magnetic Grenade. I can only bring the same number of Knights to about half health.
Press F to pay respects to Hunters. Poor bastards.
Is that not the trans endgame?
"THE VANGUARD WIRED MY VOICEBOX WITH A DIGITAL CENSOR SO I CAN'T SAY STUFF LIKE SH\*T, C\*CK, OR P\*SSY F\*CKIN' D\*CKBALLS! THAT'S HALF MY F\*CKIN' VOCABULARY, IT'S GODDAMN BULLSH\*T!"
Anonymous Autumn &gt; Vestian Dynasty
Unfortunately no love for camp "removed his skull from his body with your oversized fists". :c
I got a single unit from Leviathan. It's... not great.
Doesn't roll off the tongue as well, sadly.
You could see the chaos coming up in the swerving tyre tracks on the road. This wasn't as reflexive as it seems at first glance.
So the Athelflad-D is currently unobtainable if you didn't already have it in Collections?
A good set of Machine Gun perks (Heavy Ammo Finder, Machine Gun Scavenger, Machine Gun Reserves, etc.) can elevate the Thunderlord from a boss-melter to an almost-primary weapon. Armour perks are about supporting your weapons and gear with better ammo, better handling, and faster cooldowns.
Pure RNG, just like weapon perks.
Wait, bows don't have range falloff? Oh wow. I might try them out, then.
Not living in a gilded mansion would be a start. Empty words from the head of a pedophillia coverup gang.
Genuine question: why did it suck for you? I wish to learn.
Wade's regeneration abilities aren't magical, they're just an incredibly powerful mutation of an otherwise mundane process. The Infinity Stones would simply unmake him, and could probably just remove his mutation specifically if they wanted considering Deadpool 2 had mutation suppression collars.
RF engineer here, these towers will NOT give you cancer or otherwise slowly kill you. They put out the wrong kind of radiation. However, just like your home microwave, if you play silly buggers with the high-power equipment it is possible to quickly recieve burns on and inside your body like a tv dinner. Your only concern should be that the council has constructed the 5G antennas so the short-range danger zones are far enough away and nobody becomes a TV dinner from walking past. Given how lucrative some of these infrastructure contracts can be, it's a good idea to check nobody cut corners.
So the loot cycle is heavily choked at the moment, and everyone is running DPS to speed it up?
Sunlight (terahertz frequencies) is more likely to give you cancer than mobile phone signals (gigahertz frequencies).
Sunlight (terahertz frequencies) is more likely to give you cancer than wifi signals (gigahertz frequencies).
Sunlight (terahertz frequencies) is more likely to give you cancer than mobile phone signals (gigahertz frequencies).
Sunlight (terahertz frequencies) is more likely to give you cancer than mobile phone signals (gigahertz frequencies).
Sunlight (terahertz frequencies) is more likely to give you cancer than mobile phone signals (gigahertz frequencies).
Source?
What will? What actual science? If you have clear, irrefutable evidence that radio waves cause cancer I would *love* to see it, since I work with them.
What is the difference? Both are photons. Both behave identically, except for effects that are proportional to their frequency. Higher-frequency photons have more energy, more penetrating ability, and more ionization effects. These are real, provable facts that can be demonstrated on demand by anyone with safe equipment. The sun's photons have over 400,000x more energy than mobile radio photons.
How does the earth's atmosphere affect the individual ionizing potential of (for example) a 500-terahertz photon, making it less ionizing than a 3-gigahertz photon that has not undergone the same filtering? I would love to know if such an effect provably exists, as it would change the way we understand photons and their interaction with matter.
Ever read Don Quixote? Windmills have long been known to be hazardous to humans, far beyond what any scary government death-ray tower could be. :P
I'm pasting the same thing because the same erroneous statements are being repeatedly put forward. How is a 500-terahertz photon from the sun made *less* ionizing than a 3-gigahertz photon?
You can't get away from terahertz-wavelength radiation, either. Not only do photons from the sun reflect off the moon onto the dark side of the earth, but warm objects such as other people also emit terahertz-frequency photons in the infrared band.
Valid point. I'll restate my case with an actually harmless Example A: Lightbulb light (terahertz frequencies) is more likely to give you cancer than mobile phone signals (gigahertz frequencies).
"how dare you be less good at TD2 than i am, i play the hardest content every day and my girlfriend says my dick is big even though im only 12 get good scrub"
Much like exposure to the lightbulbs in your home, 5G towers do not emit radiation strong enough to cause harm unless you have climbed the tower and put your face against the emitters. Home satellite tv dishes have much the same level of danger. It's absolutely valid to be concerned that the council has placed the 5G transcievers high up enough so pedestrians are out of the danger zone - but exposure at a distance cannot cause more harm than a lightbulb of the same wattage.
I appreciate your efforts to stem the tide of bots, but in this case I am not one. Telecom monopolies are harmful and absolutely should be broken up and dissolved, but it's not because their scary deathray towers cause cancer. I copypasted comments because I was tired of seeing the same old unverified claims that RF causes cancer. Was it lazy? Yes. Am I a telecom propaganda bot? No.
I've already addressed a few of those papers, and found disappointing flaws in methodology and reporting: https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/bvban5/so_my_local_council_have_started_putting_up_5g/eppnmo3/ And yes, you *are* exposed 24/7 to terahertz-frequency radiation. The sun's 400-700 terahertz photons are reflected off the moon onto the dark side of the earth, and all warm bodies (including human beings) constantly emit infrared-band terahertz photons. &gt; Safe levels of exposure is also assuming all towers and devices meet the specs. We know with certain devices it's not always the case. Now *this* is a valid concern. 5G contracts are lucrative, and companies will often cut corners to push contracts through on time and under budget. It's always important to check that transmitters have been set up safely to prevent RF inductive heating or burns in dense urban areas, but they will not give you cancer.
For me, the main problem with Season Of The Drifter was loot gating. Joker's Wild introduced some incredible new perks and roll possibilities, but sadly they were all restricted to only two activities and locked behind multiple layers of RNG. I wanted nothing more than a Lonesome with Grave Robber, the only kinetic Sidearm that can currently roll that perk, but I did not have the Well Of Radiance Warlock or Gambit team necessary to farm the random loot pool for it. Also I get that Reckoning was meant to be a challenging, aggressive activity unlike the usual defensive objectives, but it ended up being about not playing it while waiting for the modifiers and loot pools to align. I ended up not playing Destiny 2 for nearly half the season, fed up and frustrated by a lack of reward (or progress towards reward) for the time I forced myself to spend on activities I didn't particularly enjoy. **tl;dr:** Care needs to be taken so that the Menagerie and other future grind loops are always rewarding, and new loot possibilities are not restricted to single loops.
It's a guaranteed OHKO on Gambit invaders. Peek, lock, fire and forget.
Shhh! Shut up shut up! :P
Don't forget Anonymous Autumn! That thing's one of the few Grave Robber sidearms that can roll fully-automatic.
It's possible to select runes for a 100% droprate from the Chalice.
They only fire three bolts per trigger pull, have only half a dozen shots per mag, and their fire rate is glacial. I can't see how they can (for example) quickly put down a mob of Acolytes or Dregs.
&gt; women in suits Ah, I see that you too are people of taste and class.
The pattern *is* based on "virile warriors"...
Because the only people who can effectively enforce the law upon legislators at that level are other legislators at that level. And they're not doing it, because the majority are his mates or cronies.
That will apparently be coming with Shadowkeep.
If you have completed Forsaken, completing the Menagerie introduction quest will award you a full set of Power 690 blue gear. After that, you have to earn Powerful rewards to slowly reach 750.
Destiny 1 and 2 are unmergable. Engine limitations aside, Destiny 1's gear balance is drastically different from Destiny 2.
MY NAME IS PUNCH WIZARD, AND I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE!
Petra sells flags for 5k glimmer apiece, as well. I have about 150+ now from spending excess glimmer.
Sometimes I forget Zavala is a Titan. Maybe it's intentional, to reflect their new identities as primarily political figures?
I'm sorry to break this to you, but some people find breast milk sexually thrilling.
That sounds fun, but then you can't use Syntho. Or Skullfort. Or Innermost Fire. Why would I drop damage output and/or self-sustain just for a dodge?
&gt; PvP exotic Ah, that explains it.
I had an almost identical run the other day. Four triumphs at once for a fat 2000 Imperials payout. Solo queue Menagerie is absolutely a blast since you can't fail.
Air burial!
NTA. You can dress how you wish, and if he can't handle you in pyjamas then he doesn't deserve you.
Depends what you're doing. On void titans, my main element, Magnetic Grenades are excellent for crowd clearing and a little bit of extra damage during DPS phases. Voidwall Grenades synergise exceptionally well with Code Of The Commander's void explosion ability, especially on immobile enemies, and Suppression Grenades can shut down playmaking supers in the Crucible if timed and angled correctly.
It's not unreasonable, they're well-lit and moving so they attract your attention first. You might also like to know that as soon as the Hand is dead, you can sprint straight to the boss without stopping to kill enemies.
I am absolutely in the same boat. I have difficulty telling whether how I feel is self-loathing and a love of femininity, or some sort of actual dysphoria. I don't have an ideal-self image and I keep veering back and forth on what gender I might want to be. Shit's fucked.
Not only have you garnered a lot of goodwill, but Universal Ornaments have gotten me more excited or the armour system rework. Good job. You are on the right track. Please do not fuck this up.
Sadly, I am not either. I don't have the time, money or energy to experiment.
Kills by other players in your instance count. Blind Well is pretty good, as is Escalation Protocol. There's no good way to do it quickly, just let it accumulate over the week as you do other bounties.
Eververse armour is being reworked this September. They'll be sold as ornaments you can apply to any Legendary piece, and all Eververse armour in your Collections will be unlocked from the start. Haven't you read the sticky?
What do you mean by "stand still"? I'm usually not moving when I pull out my Ghost.
The current Annual Pass only includes Season 5 (Black Amoury), Season 6 (Gambit Prime), and Season 7 (The Menagerie). Shadowkeep will be Season 8, and not part of the Annual Pass.
Probably not. Bungie makes a lot of money off FOMO and undermining it would reduce its' value.
And here's where I'd play Spiderman 2018... IF IT WAS ON OTHER PLATFORMS.
You'll be able to craft them from collections, but depending on how expensive they are it might be difficult to recover godrolled gear.
Hardcoded is made with the Godot game engine, which uses C and C++. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godot_(game_engine)
This is child abuse. Public humilliation.
If this wasn't entirely staged, he's a wanker for crowding someone off the seats and replacing them with uncomfortable-looking barstools that are the opposite of the carefully-accessible bench needed by people who require a seat. I guess it really is like first-class in that respect, taking from those in need and giving it to those who've never known it.
Those beautiful patterns are wasted on them.
You deserved better, my guy. I 100% understand why you want her back, but she was never worth your time. A partner should treat you with respect. She did not. I wish you all the luck I can going forward with your recovery. Keep off the beer. Diet for yourself, not because someone screams at you.
Egg boy walked so that as-yet unsung hero can run.
Hello! My partner's recently got into FFXIV, and now I'm eyeing this game too. I got into GW2 years ago with a huge Nord tank, but dropped out when friends stopped playing. I specifically want to play a viera and either a tank or healer class. Bits of this FFXIV really, *really* appeal to me but before I start putting money down on a long-term subscription plan, I want to know for sure that it'll be worth it. I did a bunch of googling but a lot of resources appear to be from the Stormblood era from years ago. I have some questions: - How much of the game is free-to-play/a free trial? - Have you gotten your money's worth every month for the subscription price? - Can trial/free-to-play players create a Viera character? - How important are tanks and/or healers in party composition? Can they hold their own in solo content? - How many people should you play with to beat content BELOW raid level? Can you comfortably solo all the good bits? - Does the plot/campaign lose relevance once you beat it? And most importantly: - What's the fashion game like for female characters? Can I play a viera lady who *isn't* wearing a sheer curtain and half a bodysuit? Can I play a viera lady who clomps around in a big suit of masculine plate armour? Are viera character models physically taller than other races? Thanks for any help/answers/advice you can give! **EDIT:** Thankyou so much for all your help! I've signed up for an account and I'm downloading and installing the client right now!
Thanks! If I sign up for a Square Enix account in the Europe And Other Regions location, will I be able to play with people in the Americas region?
Thankyou! Do female characters get much in the way of pants, or is it mostly skirts and dresses?
Thankyou! I am downloading and installing the client right now! :D
I've swapped to FFXIV and I'm having far more fun than I was in Destiny.
It's because having a VHS or DVD in your hand is a much more direct and tangible product. You can still watch a DVD even if the internet is out, or you can't remember the password, or if you want to take it to a friends' house and watch it on their big tv. You have far more control over the media and how it's played during the rental period. But a digital rental may as well not exist - you have to be online, sign in, use an approved device, use a device that can actually run the proprietary streaming software... Capitalism and the greedy pursuit of single-minded profit killed Blockbuster.
I would gladly assist in physically removing the majority parties from parliament. It is clear that this system has led to the country literally burning to the ground when so much could have been prevented. None of these politicians are fit for the responsilbility.
Same thing for different (but similar) purposes. Hair net stops head hair from falling into food, beard net stops facial hair from falling into food.
Whichever head of state wins, everyone else loses. War is a criminal waste.
I'm a melee Titan who had no clue Wormhusk was broken, and now I can't even use them.
Cozmo is a customer service rep, his job starts and ends at "I'll pass it along". It's not his fault. Direct your ire at his bosses.
You're absolutely right. Armour 2.0 in Destiny 2 was a desired feature but many specifics of the implementation were poorly-executed. Bungie is *still* asking for regular Season Pass buy-ins and *still* hasn't addressed these core gameplay issues.
Still no support/healer build? Damn, that's a shame. I want to buy and enjoy The Division 2 but the DPS meta is so unappealing.
Because it benefits unethical election-riggers for certain segments of the population to not vote because they're working 10-hour shifts every day.
Hot damn, didn't see that. I'll keep an eye out, thanks.
Liberal party.
Preface: I *love* Destiny 2, and I want to see it thrive and be the best game it can be. However, the core gameplay loop has taken a severe hit with Season 8 and it still hasn't recovered. I want to buy Shadowkeep, but only when the core gameplay is fixed. Also, all of this is from the perspective of a Titan main. &gt; **Which activities which currently lack matchmaking should have a matchmaking option added? Examples: Blind well, Escalation protocol, Altar of sorrow, Heroic Menagerie, 950/980 power nightmare hunts, 950/980 power nightfalls, raids... Please explain your reasons in detail.** Escalation Protocol absolutely needs drop-in matchmaking, as it's currently hit-or-miss whether you can find a Mars freeroam instance with enough people who are willing and ready to slog out wave 6 and 7 multiple times. Right now the Escalation Protocol "matchmaking" strategy consists of bashing your head against waves 2-3 until enough people wander in to push past the DPS checks and hit the end waves. &gt; **Should story mode have an option to play matchmade with other players? Warframe and several other games allow this. You can also opt to start immediately and allow other players to join your mission in progress...** I don't think so, for narrative reasons. Destiny 2's story is centered around You, The Guardian heroically persevering against all odds by themselves. Drop-in matchmaking would break that immersion and story experience. HOWEVER, the story missions should be more easily replayable and THAT mode should have matchmaking. Crushing something like Cayde Six with friends for fun, and rewatching all the character moments together, would be a wonderful experience. &gt; **Should strikes or certain other activities with matchmaking have an option to turn it off so they can be soloed/duoed?** Yes, yes, a thousand times yes. Currently nearly every single PvE bounty is easier to complete when only you are getting any kills. Being able to set up an easy, casual grindfest would go a long way towards making bounties more rewarding. Right now you have to fight other players for kills just to grind. &gt; **Patrols - Give your feedback on patrols and exploration. How could they be improved?** Patrols were great - the first time around. Once you've run "scan the objective" for the seventh time, it gets tedious having to drive/fly/run to the objective. More variety and shorter payoff is needed, especially for the strikes available within a given location. Some patrol areas are terrible for patrols as they only give long, tedious missions. HOWEVER, more flexible activities such as "kill *X* enemies" or "recover *Y* pieces of loot" can be run at the same time as other activities (public events, kill farming, escalation protocol, etc) and are far easier and rewarding to pick up. &gt; **Available game modes - what do you like and what don't you like? Why?** I love regular playlist strikes. They're a fun, casual experience that you can either take slowly while enjoying the sights and mowing down ads, or you can charge through them at top speed to get the end rewards ASAP. Both playstyles can co-exist in the same strike instance, with neither really stepping on the other's toes. The speedrunning player takes care of major roadblocks and pulls the slower player ahead, who lags slightly behind and cleans up behind/supports the speedrunner. However, Gambit in particular is terrible - excel too much at PvE, and you're punished with an invader. Total turn-off. Ordeal Nightfalls are also frustrating, requiring using the poorly-implemented seasonal mod system in order to fight effectively. I have stopped playing these two modes entirely, as the constant failure is not worth my time. &gt; **PVE weapon balance - what feels too strong in PVE? What feels too weak? Please explain your reasons.** Currently pulse rifles are in a great spot - they have excellent ammo economy, good time-to-kill, a wide selection of aesthetics and looks, and are forgiving to shoot without being THE ads-clear weapon. Sidearms and shotguns are also in good spots, but auto rifles lag behind and take too long to kill anything that isn't a Dreg. However, sniper and scout rifles suffer from economy problems due to low reserves and difficulty picking up ammo drops while being far away from the action. Rocket launchers are also languishing, being good for neither ads clear nor DPS, and machineguns are an unneccesary waste of heavy ammo just for a job (ads clear) that a primary weapon could do just as well. Grenade launchers are in a good spot, doing decent boss DPS while requiring skill to arc and lead for maximum efficiency, but more GL frame archetypes need to be brought up to Aggressive's standard. &gt; **Gun mods and seasonal artifact mods - What are your thoughts on current gun mods and seasonal artifact mods in the PVE? Whats too strong or too weak? Please explain your reasons.** Regular gun mods are in a good place. While many of the more specialised mods (such as Quick-Access Sling or Major Spec) may as well not exist, there are a core group of reliable favourites (such as Backup Mag, Targeting Adjuster, or Boss Spec) that perform flexibly and can always make a good gun better. HOWEVER, the seasonal pass mods are in a bad place. While the overload/unstoppable/disruption rounds are very usable and fun to lock down Champions with, they compete heavily with this aforementioned group of reliable favourites and can bring a great gun down to average if you want to use it in Ordeal Nightfalls. They also render most excellent exotics unusable in Ordeals - I can't use Sweet Business or Cerberus+1 properly because I can't slot an anti-Champion mod into them like I can a legendary weapon. &gt; **PVE subclass balance - What feels too strong in the PVE? What feels too weak? Please explain your reasons.** I can only speak for Titan subclasses, but right now the power levels do not need nerfing. Code of the Defender and Code of the Juggernaut are both notably fun and powerful without being mandatory or breaking balance. However, many other subclasses are languishing due to poor self-sustain (Code Of The Missile in particular lacks ANY self-healing) and are often left by the wayside in favour of more reliable, robust classes that can actively keep themselves upright and fighting with skillful application/rotation of abilities. &gt; **PVE exotic balance - What feels too strong in PVE? What feels too weak? Please explain your reasons.** Right now, Izanagi's Burden is absolutely way too strong. It's become the de facto DPS drill for Ordeal Nightfalls and other endgame content, choking up build diversity and demanding sniper rifle mods for good performance. The Season 8 buff to Sweet Business was excellent and has really made it a viable option when paired with Actium War Rig. Cerberus+1's new catalyst is likewise excellent, providing a satisfying ads-clear psedudo-shotgun that is smooth to operate. Whoever did the mode change animation and sfx needs a pay rise. Outbreak Perfected is also wonderful to use, performing well at both ads-clear AND boss DPS when the catalyst is complete. Monte Carlo is everything I've always wanted in a gun, and it's been a game-changer for my melee-centric build while also requiring skill and timing to use effectively. However, all of the above (except izzy's burden) can't be used reliably on Ordeal Nightfalls as they can't slot anti-Champion mods. This is a bad place for them to be, and it limits the builds I can use. Hard Light is nigh-unusable due to the HEAVY reticle shake when aiming down the sights. Wavesplitter is in a weird spot where it doesn't really seem to do much damage due to the fluctuating power levels. Coldheart is difficult to use effectively now that auto-reload mechanics have been removed. Thunderlord, which used to be one of my FAVOURITE weapons during Seasons 4 and 5, got reduced to uselessness with the -21% damage nerf - a heavy exotic should not be for ads-clear when an auto rifle can do the job just as well. Synthoceps are in a great spot, very responsive and a good addition to any melee build. Dunemarchers are similarly responsive, adding a very noticable increase to sprint speed. Doom Fang Pauldrons are great and turn Sentinel Shield into a proper ads-clear super that can last for ages. Lion Ramparts are PERFECT and should never ever be touched ever - I keep a pair of these jumpy legs on hand at all times. Severance Enclosure is *terrible*. Finishers are a liability in fights, and the explosion it releases is poor. This is a shame, because the Enclosure looks AMAZING. Armamentarium is also pretty crap, as a second grenade charge has little usefulness and is even made redundant by top-tree Striker. Aeon Safe is even more useless. &gt; **Strikes - Do you have any specific feedback about the Strike game modes or about specific strikes? What would you like to see in future strikes?** I would love to see more content that ties into the current evolving plot of Destiny 2 - The Scarlet Keep and Festering Core strikes were made all the better by referring to current events and adding additional details to existing lore (such as Savathun's blights starting to be found outside the Dreaming City). **1/2**
**2/2** &gt; **What are your thoughts on "locked loadouts"? and "kick to orbit on fail" mechanics? Do you find these mechanics make the game more enjoyable or less? Why? Should these mechanics be removed from or added to any existing activities?** These mechanics make the game frustrating, and raise the stakes too high. While locked loadouts can sometimes encourage the creation of flexible all-rounder loadouts, fail-to-orbit mechanics make you feel like all your effort spent was wasted. I actively avoid activities with these mechanics, such as Ordeal Nightfalls. &gt; **What are your thoughts on other current PVE activity modifiers (elemental burns, blackout, etc...)? Should certain modifiers be added to or removed from PVE activities? Do you have any ideas for new PVE modifiers that would be fun?** Brawler and Grenadier are a lot of fun, adding a Revelry-style supercharge to your abilities. Blackout is pretty bad, letting many enemies oneshot you with melee while your situational awareness is blunted by no radar. Elemental burns mostly determine what grenade launcher I bring to nuke the boss. More Heavyweight rotations would be great, encouraging more liberal use of heavy ammo. &gt; **Raids - What is your feedback raids in general? Do you have any speicifc feedback for future raids?** Raids have an incredibly high skill floor for most people, requiring reading up on complex mechanics and finding a six-player fireteam to sit down and play for hours on end. Most of us don't have the time or energy for them. I'd rather the effort spent on raids directed somewhere else. &gt; **Bugs - What bugs or glitches have you encountered when playing in the PVE?** Code of the Siegebreaker's Mortar Blast ability continues to be bugged, doing less damage than regular melee stikes. &gt; **Rewards - What are your thoughts on obtainable rewards from PVE modes? How should these be changed or improved?** Most PvE activities award blue gear with the occasional purple. Most of these are instant deconstructs, especially blue weapons which have no rolls available. Most purple weapons have terrible rolls, and I am often seeking weapons outside the world drop pool. The deluge of blue armour is an unexpected blessing, as I can often find godrolled blues with 53+ stat totals and 20+ in my preferred stats. Right now half my loadout is blue gear with near-perfect rolls. &gt; **Cosmetics &amp; Eververse - What are your thoughts on cosmetic rewards from PVE activities including eververse engrams &amp; bright dust? What changes would you like to see and why** Cosmetic rewards should drop from and be linked more closely to activities, such as how the Arcadian Jumpship drops from the New Light mission when your Guardian finds it. I'd love to see emotes drop from missions with iconic animations (such as Cayde 6's little scene in the Prison Of Elders' control room) and ornaments drop from activities or bounties related to the exotic (such as Outbreak Perfected ornaments dropping from Zero Hour). Bright Dust could be a valuable RNG-protection measure, allowing people to target specific cosmetics for purchase in return for regular play. &gt; **Experience from gameplay - Does playing PVE game modes (outside of bounties) enable you to level up your season pass at a reasonable rate or does the amount of experience from certain PVE mdoes need to be changed?** From my experience playing casually a couple hours a day after work, I can only reach Level 60 or so in a season. If I were to buy the Season Pass, I would be frustrated with not obtaining all the rewards that I paid to unlock (especially Ascendant Shards and exotic cosmetics). &gt; **PVE dev team communication - Do you feel like Bungie communicates enough with the player base enough concerning the PVE? If not, what types of additional interactions or communication would you like to see and with what frequency?** It would be much better if the dev team could communicate what ideas they are currently considering and iterating on. The playerbase understands that sometimes ideas have to be dropped for reasons of time or money, and knowing what might be coming down the pipe in the future would let us provide feedback on what ideas and concepts should be prioritised. Getting feedback on gameplay loops AFTER they are finalised is far too late - look at how Armour 2.0's affinity mechanics have been recieved. &gt; **Would you like to have the option to cross-platform play in PVE? Why or why not?** Absolutely - while I appreciate that cross-play is technically difficult to implement, having the potential player pool tripled would greatly ease matchmaking problems (especially for more niche activities such as Blind Well and Escalation Protocol). **Hopefully all this feedback helps!**
I'd play the game the way I want to if Armour 2.0 would let me.
You're absolutely right. Core gameplay has been neglected and bungie manangement wants us to pay for extras anyway.
Why the fuck are there so many armed neocons trying to shoot up the place then? The entire point of the entire nutjob diatribe was that the physical location was a nexus of pedophillia planning because, tee hee, 4channers call child pornography "cheese pizza" so they decided that of *course* pedophiles use pizza parlours to organise.
You are correct but I felt like SA survivors reading the thread might prefer to not see the word.
The bizarre tinfoil hat whackjobs who breathe, sleep and eat this shit seem to think that ping pong pizza is physically relevant. There's been shootings and arson attempts.
They're easy to farm because they disappear after the season is done. Just like Vex Offensive and the frames Ikora sold, it's likely that the Sundial and Timelost frames are going away after S9.
I just want to be able to target specific refurbished/prototype weapons. It's been nearly a year of banging my head against the forges and I've only ever had *one* Dead Man Walking prototype drop. Bungie has neglected older and core content (including new player experience) while overextending on new content to try and sell season passes.
~~180~~ 110 HCs getting extra range and OHKO on headshots sounds like a Primary sniper rifle. Bad idea.
Mistype - meant 110 hand cannons. My point still stands.
Only season pass holders can play the Corridors Of Time activity, right?
IB is also the only pinnacle source accessible by solo casual players. I hate PvP like nothing else, but I force myself to play it because I can't do raids or highest-tier Ordeals. It's the only way I can earn Enhanced mods.
It's not just raids. I've been farming Forges for a year now, and still have only gotten one single Dead Man Walking refurb to drop. RNG protection is very lacking in this game.
You're right, but saladman still drops Enhanced mods from his token engrams. It's the only thing I play IB for.
While solo casual players do not need a LL increase, Pinnacle rewards also enclude Enhanced armour mods which *are* essential for everyone.
Unlucky. My condolences.
I've only gotten as far as level 28, but Big Trouble in Little Ala Mhigo uses a woman being sexually assaulted offscreen to show how evil the Corpse Brigade is (which is gross and lazy), and then Medrod from Terror at Fallgourd is explicitly described as a man with a child's mind who needs "mummy's cooking" to calm down. While the rest of the game was pretty good, seeing the suffering of women and disabled people used like props made me extremely uncomfortable.
Not only is the elimination of suffering impossible (elmininating human emotional suffering would be inhumane) but the entire universe is predicated on the entropic consumption of lower orders. Flowers consume nitrate, cows consume grass stalks, and whales consume krill. There is no evil inherent to these processes. Many of these lower orders are provably incapable of feeling pain as we know it (grass, etc). Even more are of debatable sentience (krill, etc). Where do you draw the line? Where can you say "if life is *this* complex, it is forbidden to be eaten"? Only sapient people (not limited to humans) should be exempt from natural ecological chains of consumption.
What kind of "unhappy male becomes stuck as a perfect female who reinvents new life and becomes happier, stronger person" works can you recommend? Asking for a, uh, friend.
I'd take a step into them if i actually had the season pass.
Or, and hear me out here, americans can try and do both.
Speak for yourself - I've stopped putting money down on Destiny 2. I'll get Shadowkeep once the base game's issues are ironed out.
By god, you were right. Monte Carlo is incredible.
Agreed. Hours put in don't mean shit if sales go down and cashflow stops. If anything, it costs more to host players who aren't buying anything. Management will listen then.
* Removed the Hunter class from the game.
Fuck me, I'll take them. I'm grinding out godrolled forge legs.
Rat Pack x6 is a riven meta.
"You're a big gun. Was getting nerfed part of your plan?" "Of course!" "Well congratulations, you got a hotfix. What's the next step of your master plan?" "Crashing this economy - with no survivors!"
Hunters make up the majority of PvP population as their burst-damage supers, dodge/invisibility mechanics, and handcannon/sniper synergy make them extremely effective at killing other guardians. These abilities are less useful for PvE, and as a result Hunters are seen as the "PvP class".
From personal experience, I rarely see Golden Gun in PvE. Most hunters there are rocking tether traps.
Actually, I think you're full of shit and selling an entire generation of young people short. I just didn't directly disagree with you in the hopes of persuading you gently, but you seem to be digging in pretty hard across this comments section so I give up.
Counterpoint: while I agree that bounty grinds are kind of eh, the majority of players only have a couple hours after work to play and don't have a raid team of friends ready. Raids should not be the big focus.
Just three times.
You should be able to re-attempt earning the reward, if it isn't at the Postmaster.
Be aware: the wardrobe has been moved to a drawer under the bed. This was not included in the patch notes.
Can Restorer go below 1s, or is there a mininum floor?
Congrats - try Code Of The Earthshaker in PvP and Code Of The Juggernaut in PvE. It shreds pretty hard, and is a close second to my Synthotector build.
Beat my head against Gambit Prime for a few hours in the hopes of at least a decently-rolled Last Man Standing, but it seems like all I've gotten for months are blues and Trusts. I don't even like hand cannons!
Felwinter's isn't an Energy shotgun with Grave Robber and One-Two Punch that I can pair with Monte Carlo - my only other alternative is the curated Emperor's Courtesy roll, but NOBODY is playing Crown of Sorrow anymore. I actually don't even like Felwinter's Lie very much at all.
Wait, what? Gambit medals pay out Prime weapons? Isn't that just the curated roll, though? I'm looking for Grave Robber/One-Two Punch.
Couls be rounding? 0.6s becomes 1s?
Yup! Strikes, lost sectors, public events, patrols, anything where I can blow through enemies with my Synthoceps and have fun being a badass. When I get home from work, I don't have the time or energy to throw myself at endgame walls.
Oh dang, duly noted. I'll definitely adjust my sentry play towards that, thanks. Does it have to be only Locksmith or can I get other medals after the first?
Thanks, but it doesn't have Grave Robber - I'd rather go without 12P than GR. I have my Grave Robber/Grenadier LMS or my GR Wishbringer in the meantime until I can get a better roll to drop.
Wait, dorito ship cutscene? I think I've missed this, which one?
What *is* taking up all my hard drive space, then?
Jesus christ. If that shouldn't be an optional per-user install, I don't know what is.
It's been marvellous to see the evolution of survival tactics under police brutality, starting with maalox and water jugs during the Greek austerity protests. I wish I could help, but I need to stay at work and pay the bills right now. My plan is to help distribute food if things get bad in my country too - I'm just not cut out to be a medic.
People at my workplace get so mad when I sit and spend time documenting procedures I make, but they change their tune when it's their turn to use them. "oh wow i love your notes" yes brian, these are the notes you told me not to type up.
It's an extra five minutes when they are recording the rest of the season's lines.
Absolutely agreed. I am so good at masking, I can have a terrified breakdown at work without anything much more than sweat circles showing.
"why is it taking you so long to complete this process, NimbleJack3?" "well the instructions say here to follow the OEM manual, but there *isn't* one and this data entry form makes no sens-" "that reminds me, hurry up and finish developing that special edge-case process so we can start using it. just link to default generic user instructions to save time."
**Artist's footnote:** &gt; I started this project in 2015 with cute animals doing funny sounding new economy jobs. As it grew it added visionaries, disruptors and hackers. Then opportunists and con men. Violent billionaire dictator is not a random result here; it’s a parallel outcome of move-fast-and-break-things culture — an idea that only works for people who are so privileged and insulated that they have little to lose by plowing ahead without thinking about the consequences. &gt; Stop idolizing a few jackasses that won the VC lottery and listen to marginalized people instead. Have the hard conversations with our kids that so many of our parents avoided. **Source:** https://welcometobusinesstown.tumblr.com/post/619917802421321728/i-started-this-project-in-2015-with-cute-animals **Artist's twitter:** https://twitter.com/lunchbreath
What does a Pulse build look like to you?
How were you planning on getting reliable Overcharge uptime?
It's very simple - police have become an untouchable tool of the ruling class. They know they will never be successfully prosecuted unless they're black (Mohammed Noor) or female (Amber Guyger). They know that no matter what atrocities they commit now, the justice department will look the other way. The judicial system in "developed" countries has always been this way where police are above the law they enforce - it's just only now that we're seeing it on phone cameras. The FBI also operates above the law. The NSA. Other countries' police do the same, though America is definitely among the worst. This is what our nations have always looked like to those being crushed underfoot.
Here's the information I needed. Fuck's sake. Thanks for the timezone conversion.
Nope - so far, none of the characters apart from Ana (who was our mission support at the time) have commented on the "Rasputin murdered the Iron Lords" reveal.
I still can't get a Grave Robber/One-Two Punch Last Man Standing. Gambit is a shitty, shitty mode, I'm sick of grinding it, and Grave Robber will probably end up being nerfed for being a really good reload perk. Why the fuck am I bothering?
They said that the first time around, but I still don't know what the New Light experience entails. I won't hold my breath.
I still haven't gotten the curated Emperor's Courtesy. Looks like I never will.
You are absolutely right. This whole thing has just killed my drive to play. Why bother getting comfy with anything when it'll just get sunset?
Agreed. Strikes are great for some mindless fun - rush the whole thing and see how far ahead you can get, or just stand around bopping optional ads. It's low-pressure and a good time.
Everything else this season is a trash fire, but the moment I read "the Drifter claims it is perfectly safe" I giggled. Someone really did a good job designing it.
If TU10 delivers an improved, enjoyable gameplay experience then I'll finally put money down on WONY. If not, I'll just continue playing at Level 30. Almost got my recal table filled up.
All it takes is being bumrushed by a mob for those police to be torn apart. No fancy patrol gear can help if you're outnumbered. They're shock tactics, to keep everyone around off-balance and unwilling to dogpile the vulnerable cops.
This is fake as shit. This is a troll post.
Not a good take. My 3-blue solo build stacks armour regen, and I can comfortably duck into cover for ten seconds and regen a third of my armour wolverine-style. It's pretty good.
An excellent game. Shame I never got past the second level. I still have the original discs and case on my bookshelf - sadly, it just doesn't work right on modern Windows.
New player here, why is the Anaconda the exception and how?
I doubt we'll ever get walkable interiors - St\*r C\*tizen is struggling to implement them and they've been trying to develop them for years.
The issue was that realistically-cramped interiors are also cramped in an unfun way. It's nigh impossible to move around such small interiors with a videogame movement system. RSI had to scale up all their spaceship interiors to make the experience usable.
Wow, that's an impressive setup! How are you paying for the upkeep fees over an entire year? Isn't that billions of credits?
It's worth noting that the other professions should probably be buffed, rather than mining be nerfed. Many other managed-services RPGs I play (Destiny, The Division, etc.) have fallen into the pitfall of constantly nerfing tall poppies until everything is equally awful. It's better go go "oh shit we made players too powerful" than "oh shit we made players too weak" in a game where the majority of hours are spent in PvE. People want to feel like their hours spent are worth it.
I don't know if I was in the right chat channel, but I did send a desperate "please let me out".
Noticed some funny behaviour from my Pestilence tonight, and only realised what was happening halfway through a Heroic mission. Stacks now build and maintain on drones (including Support Stations) just like organic enemies, and stacks will now also transfer when a teammate kills an afflicted enemy. This makes building and maintaining stacks a more natural part of using Pestilence, especially in group play. If this beautiful gift from the gods is somehow a bug, PLEASE DO NOT PATCH IT. **EDIT:** ...It's also refreshing any additional stacks within range on kill, even if they don't receive the stack transfer. Listen, Massive, I'll buy WONY if you leave at least the team-kills and bot behaviours alone.
Gonna try and see if I can quickly farm out a Future Initiative set this weekend. I really, really want to try this set out and I'll be very happy if it's not DLC-gated.
Just weapon damage, the tick is based on your damage per shot. Contractor's Gloves offers great synergy and Weapon Handling really improves what would otherwise be a slow and unmoddable exotic MG.
[Can confirm.](https://i.imgur.com/lTrvnqw.png) Currently sitting and watching the targets play endless ping-pong with my stacks.
No problem, welcome to The Division 2!
Enemies A, B, and C all have stacks active. Enemy A dies, transferring all stacks to B and refreshing B's duration. However now enemy C's duration refreshes at the same time, which is probably not intended behaviour.
It makes for worse gameplay when you can't DoT the already-beefy drones, and Pestilence feels like it fires nanoswarms rather than diseased bullets anyway.
I still don't understand what airburst grenadiers are meant to do other than stunlock and prevent you using cover - molotov grenades make way more sense, asking the player to choose DoT vs. exposure, but airburst explosions are just an instant penalty.
A good Petrov Gunner build will easily knock over solo Heroics, even before TU10.
When I'm barrelling through uninhabited systems to get somewhere, I never see fleet carriers. I don't even see any in my home system of Beetrix. It's only when I go to an Engineer's system, or other notable landmark, do they actually clog the system list.
While that *could* be interpreted as "we nerfed loot quality distribution", it could just as easily be interpreted as the opposite (especially with the use of the term "better spread").
It's not whether I was getting GS 515 items, it's about whether I get *anything* worth using or recalibrating. I got *one* drop that had a maxed-out roll, and the highest overall GS I got was 506.
Thankyou! It's good to know that, going by the responses from the ubisoft reps there, this sort of GS spread is not inteded. I appreciate the info.
Perfect Vigorous sounds incredible, I'd definitely swap Kinetic Monentumn for it.
How many missions are there? Is it worth full price, or should I wait for a sale?
Sadly, the loot rolls went backwards for non-WONY players. There's reports that the crafting table fix skewed the drop range backwards, and it lines up with my experience too.
Which helmet is that?
Damn, thanks.
