No, but I don't have the pathetically short attention span of your generation, so that's not a problem.
Yes, I generally assume that if someone is on Reddit they haven't been living in a cave for the last fifty years.
Criminal Republicans lying, cheating, and stealing elections. So where's the "weird" part?
Yes, I do generally ignore the things in your imagination and focus instead on reality.
For those of that grew up on the original, the occasional dick joke is less of a deviation from the spirit of Trek than canon-ignoring dark and gritty action bullshit.
So, basically actors or singers you disagree with should shut up and "keep with what they know." But actors and reality TV stars you agree with belong in the White House.
Some of this comes down to your choice of institution. If it's a research institution, there *are* no "teachers." Research *is* the point, teaching undergrads is entirely secondary and the expectation in fact *is* that students take responsibility for their own learning with professors there to help guide you.
"Dukakis' weekend pass policy" &gt;As the Washington Post noted at the time, it was introduced by a Republican governor, and most states had the same policy, including California under Ronald Reagan.
Yes, politically motivated acts of terrorism by Trump's base is, in fact, politics.
Gosh, I wonder if possibly maybe there could be some reason "Baby, It's Cold Outside" is being talked about right at this particular moment. I don't know, like the time of year or something?
You don't even have to go back as far as the '40s. Growing up the '70s/'80s that notion was still prevalent. It was not at all uncommon for young women who *wanted* to have sex to play a sort of "hard to get"/reluctance game to "justify" it. It's why cultures with more open/less shameful attitudes toward sex have *less* issues with teen pregnancy. Because, short version, using birth control implies premeditation. Women who want to play the "I tried to be good but gave in during the heat of the moment" game are less likely to use it. Decades of young men and women playing this game were also the reason for a the major promotion of "No Means No" about the time I hit college. What young folks today often don't get is, "No Means No" wasn't *just* targeted to young men. It was *two* attempts to change behavior rolled into one slogan. Its message to young men people still understand today - "If she says no, that's it. Stop. Don't push. Etc." Its message to young *women* at the time was - "Don't play that game. Don't say no when you really mean yes so you can pretend to change your mind later. Say no when you really mean no."
Well, firstly, I don't. I don't "decide to focus on" Baby, It's Cold Outside because I don't have a problem with Baby It's Cold Outside. But that doesn't make this post any less idiotic. Of all the stupid-ass non-arguements conservatives like to mindlessly parrot, "X can't be taken seriously because my arbitrarily chosen Y is worse" is one of the worst. Secondly, yes, my very point was that for some of us rap is an extremely obscure genre. For those of us of a certain age, it may as well be non-existent. As I do not consider some moron talking to the beat of a drum machine to even *be* music, I do not listen to it. At all. The time it has taken me to type this post exceeds the sum total of all time I have ever spent listening to rap. I couldn't name a single song was not hyperbole. I literally could not name one single rap song. Not one. I don't know who the dude I'm the picture is, I don't know who's "lyrics" (I shudder to use that term in reference to fucking rap) are being quoted and I don't want to. None of that would invalidate my issues with Baby, It's Cold Outside if I did have any. (Though they are invalidated enough by their being based on a complete and total failure to actually understand the song.)
This exactly, age has nothing to do with it, the roads are full of dipshits who can't remember really basic stuff we all learned when we were fifteen. Like how to use a turn signal or determine who goes next at a four-way stop sign (protip: it's *not* the same as a stoplight).
I was talking in that part about the selling out of the *film* itself. Of the "property." Spinning a Best Picture into a series of mindlessly cartoon sequels. Sure, both of have some sell-out material in their filmographies, but it's not like there's a series of action flicks about the adventures of Don Corlione.
"Considered" by whom?
The title refers to the fact that Republicans have been pushing s faux "Voter fraud" issue in the *absence* of any real cases for decades now. And now that they "finally" have a real one, they don't want to talk about it.
These days it didn't have to be, could be anywhere in Trump's America.
They look exactly the same to me.
Hardcover can also just say, "When this book came out I wanted it *now* rather than waiting for the paperback."
Yeah, we used to have business schools and on-the-job-training for that. We didn't pretend that task-oriented "how to do a job" curriculum qualified as "higher education."
And I'm saying higher education isn't and shouldn't be about "utility." That's what business colleges and trade schools are for.
Yes, that is exactly what I'm arguing. The value of an education is the education itself. It's intrinsic. The rise of the "practical" degree, particularly and especially business ones, leads to all the rest of the problems people are mentioning in this thread. We pretend "business" (and it's infinitely-spawning sub-disciplines) are academic subjects worthy of higher ed, which leads more and more jobs that didn't used to and don't need to to require four year degrees, which further makes four-year of college into nothing more than an expensive and mandatory extension of high school. There was a time higher ed was for *education* or as a starting or entry point to professional degrees (law, medicine). Writing a business plan? A budget? HR practices? Management techniques? If you went to school for these at all it was a business school. Mostly, you learned it on the job. Overall, big picture? The employers of this country have taken what used to be on the job training in the time of my parents (probably grandparents for most redditors) and "passed the bill" along to young people entering the workforce. The expectation now is you'll run six-figures worth of debt providing your own training first before you can even be considered for an entry-level position.
&gt;You can fall back on what the purpose might have been 40+ years ago... but that's not going to go very far when talking about the utility of various degrees in the 21st Century. The problem is we're not having the same conversation. I'm *not* "talking about the utility of various degrees in the 21st Century." I said as much, explicitly, in the very first post in this thread. &gt;And I'm saying higher education isn't and shouldn't be about "utility." I also said: &gt;The value of an education is the education itself. It's intrinsic. I can't make it any more clear for you than that. The value of an education isn't about utility. It isn't about what can later "do" with it. The value of an education is being educated. If you want to go learn to *do* something, that's cool, too. But it's not the same thing. Studying management or marketing, for example, is the 21st Century white collar equivalent of leaning a trade like plumbing. It's a white collar "trade" and we should treat it as such.
He by no means implied DS9 was bad. So I won't, either, I'll come right out and say it. DS9 is bad. Pissed all over everything *Trek* was supposed to be about. "People seem to really dig this show about exploration with an optimistic view of humanity's future. Let's turn it into a dark-and-gritty stationary show about warfare!"
&gt;The value of an education is being educated. I'm sorry, I don't understand what about this is hard to understand. *Learning*, itself, is a thing to be valued. Just because. Just for itself. If what you study also leads into what you, that's fine. That's great. &gt;Why did you attend college? To learn. Because I value and like learning. Because I hit the end of high school and said, "hey, I'm not done with this yet." I am a little older than most Redditors, I made this choice at a time when you *didn't* "have to." When entering the work force after high school (as most of my high school friends did) was a still a very viable option. Companies still trained and developed their own employees and "working your way up from the mailroom" was still an thing. I didn't go to school *for a future job,* I went because I wasn't done learning yet. Now it did, via a later professional degree, lead indirectly into what I do for a living, but that wasn't the point at the time. Hell, if I won the lottery and didn't have to work for a living I would go back to school and never stop.
&gt;DS9 explored the human condition in a way different from anything Trek had ever done before in that it explored our frailties and failures Trek always explored our frailties and failures, from day one. It did it allegorically. You were never supposed to *literally* see a show about utopia. The Federation symbolized our best/what we could aspire to and the "others" represented *our* worst side/failings. The obvious and cliche example would be "Let That Be Your Last Battlefied" (the famous half-white/half-black alien episode of ToS). The point wasn't, "look at us, we outgrew racism and the stupid aliens are still racist." The point was to hold up a mirror to *our own failure* to live up to the potential of what we could be. Using allegory that way is as old as sci-fi itself, as a sort of sideways approach to difficult topics. Dumbing it down to literalism is another reason DS9 is bad. That "easy to be a saint in paradise" speech that DS9 fans think is so great is actually the moment DS9's writers said, "Hey, everybody, we don't even *understand* Star Trek, we think it's literally about a utopian paradise."
Maggie, Lori, Andrea, Beth, Rostia, Amy. +Me. We're the only survivors left on Earth.
I'd be waiting a few years for the first Apple home computer to come out.
I see it more as playing an alt.
That'd be a temporary situation.
So you don't socialize with other kids the first six years. Take advantage of that time to learn cool shit, maybe how to play guitar, programming, whatever. Plus, of course, convincing your parents to invest on your advice (assume at ten you didn't have the money yourself) and manage that porfolio to get richer. High School is kind of a fresh start anyway, start socializing at that age. Or even wait til college where it a true/total fresh start and the people are even closer to actual adulthood.
I don't know. The first knee-jerk response everyone has been having has centered around investing. I don't think most of us at ten had the money to do that ourselves. So I tend to think step one, the very first thing I'd have to do in this scenario is - sit mom and dad and down and convince them I'm 50-something me from the future. I think it would be tough, but doable. Your ten year old kid suddenly talks like a 50 year old? Knows and understands things he didn't yesterday? Can make a prediction or two about the future (who's going to win a World Series, Superbowl, Best Picture, whatever.) I think I could get them to buy it. That deals with a lot of the autonomy issues. "Mom, remember. I'm 50. Plus that million we made last year investing in Apple? That was me. I'm watching the movie, no permission required. Don't want to drive me to the mall? How about giving me $10 of that million so I can take a cab? Oh, and by the way, have I mentioned Microsoft yet?" Added bonus, at the time I was ten the cause of my father's early death was still very much preventable. Once he was convinced, piece of cake to tell him what not to do. The socializing stuff doesn't bother me. From the perspective of my 50-something self, I just feel like I'd be able to be patient for a few years. Focus on the investing. Remembering that you already have all the shit you know as a baseline, you don't have to re-learn all that. So plenty of time for self-improvement, etc. Learn guitar and be the kid with the rock band in high school. Whatever. Become the better version of you and hold off on the major socializing until you reach young adulthood again - now new and improved and rich as Hell to boot. Yeah, there's some downside to the fact that you may not end up with the same friends, spouse, etc that you have in this timeline. But isn't that kind of the point of a reboot? Play another timeline, see how that one turns out?
4) Those who really enjoyed the book, started watching the show but were really disappointed by what they did it and stopped watching the show.
&gt;Conception. Why? What characteristic of that single-celled organism qualifies it as "human?"
Sorry, the first rule of sex club is you don't talk about sex club.
Too soon.
Democrats are going to have to start getting creative about pushing back. In MN when the Republicans Legislature was playing shut down games with the budget, Dayton signed the budget they passed - but line-item vetoed the budget for the entire Legislature itself. There needs to be more of that kind of pushback. In this case, off the top of my head - how about WI Democrats attach the repeal of this garbage as an amendment to EVERY SINGLE THING that the Legislature tries to do.
No, they and urban voters would all get exactly one vote.
Yeah, that's not really a question of technological knowledge. Personal preference in media. And really more of a *cultural* difference between generations. I have no problem watching things "commercials and all" because *culturally* I grew up on the expectation of those commercials *paying for the content.* I hate how much content is locked behind paywalls these days and see it as a reflection of the impatience and short attention spans of the younger generations. A couple of thirty-second interruptions are so intolerable that you'd rather have to pay for everything rather than (legally) watch it for free?
Your generalizing destroyed your point. I'm over 50 and could've easily explained this to him; I know plenty of 20-something's that couldn't.
There's a time I would've agreed but look at how popular it is right now to revive shows *way* older than Firefly.
I'd so much rather have an actual revival of **V** that the 2009 show totally and completely failed to be.
Or even just any new Stargate faithful to the original tone &amp; spirit of the show. (No dark-and-gritty soap opera SGU bullshit.)
Except it doesn't work that way. Just because you're surprised they exist doesn't mean everyone else is. They're not being given money "to teach students," they're being given money *to do research.* It's what they were founded for and what their primary purpose is and has always been. I will say - I went to one, as this was all very explicitly explained to me at admission. I don't know if they all do that, but they probably should. There are educational advantages to attending one. The faculty are generally leaders in the field and there are often opportunities to get involved in the research being done there. But there are no "teachers." Going there *means* taking a lot of responsibility for your own education. Faculty can be a resource but teaching you isn't their job. If someone is the sort of student that is going to struggle with that or who needs a lot of hands on teaching, it's the wrong school to attend.
Orange fan sad.
It looks a whole lot to me like she *supports* the rights of creative people to their own work. That would be the *right* side of IP laws. But I love your "source" is a piracy site. That's like citing NAMBLA in a discussion of pedophilia laws.
Is Bernie planning to be a Democrat again for another couple of months around the primaries? Just checking.
"correct" *All* words are "considered correct" only because they gained mainstream usage. That's how it works. EDIT: Guess I should've read the other comments first. But I'll leave mine here even though I'm literally the millionth person to point this out.
Yeah! If Law &amp; Order taught me one thing, it's that criminal investigations take about 20 minutes.
Gosh, what's this Avenger's movie they're talking about, I've never heard of this. Is it based on that 60s TV show? Maybe there's a website I could check out
A current day remake/sequel to Star Trek Birth of the Federation.
No, she's not stupid *enough* to fall for the bullshit starve the beast notion that tax cuts are free and don't have to be paid for.
Clearly you're not old enough to remember when literally *everybody* smoked in cars with kids. Nothing wrong with the government helping disseminate important information. Spinning this particular case as "big government" is more than a little disingenuous given that's all about a big industry suing to protect their "brand."
It's the new DS9. Criticism of dark-and-gritty-Trek will not be tolerated. Resistance is futile.
See here's the thing. They had some puppies for people to pet, play with, whatever while they waited. So what? Why do you give a shit? Seems to me *you're* the overly sensitive one is this scenario.
I didn't get past *episode* 5.
I wish they'd included some kind of article or something to help further explain what the point is.
I literally could not keep my eyes open and resist falling asleep trying to read it for school at 18. Read it for pleasure at about 25ish and it became one of those favorites that I reread every couple of years.
The real original *V* mini-series. (From the 80s, not the shitty reboot from a few years ago.) Alien invasion metaphor for the notion that "it can happen here," rise of fascism in America, scapegoating aimed at scientists. Awesome show and more topical now than ever.
You "have enough sense" because we *all* know more about it now. Not because you, individually, are somehow that much smarter than everyone that came before us. That's just arrogance. And, yes, government had and has a role to play in the fact that *we* understand it better now than we did then.
I'll be bowing out with you, unless and until they stop locking it up in All Access.
C'mon, guyz, it's really *hard* not to conspire with Russia to steal a US election!
OH OH I know this one - "(Insert Dem Candidate Here) is the MOST LIBERAL Senator." It was Kerry when he ran but my fav was it switched from Hilary to Obama after HRC lost the primary in 2008.
Says the woman who's made an entire career out of exploiting the stupidity of conservatives.
None, he's totally in the clear. But Individual 1 is probably fucked.
Not being qualified *is* a qualification to the GOP. Qualification, intelligence, and accomplishments are "elitist."
The Netflix version was released this year, yes. There was a TV series in the '90s and the comic character has been around since the '60s. Just sayin.
What continuation series are you talking about? Is this a thing? Googled it and found nothing.
Actual perminant ownership of things not dependent on the whims, continued existence of, and your continued compliance with all current and future ToS of the company you "bought" a digital copy from.
I couldn't get through one full episode of this fan film garbage, and the amateur acting was one of the main reasons.
No. It's just the way it works. You don't own digital content. Read the fine print next time you "buy" something digitally. You're just getting a license to use it. That's all. There's nothing even *remotely* paranoid in suggesting that companies can, do, and will go out of business. And, yeah, read the EULA on that "purchase" - you're agreeing to the *current* ToS, and you're agreeing that they have the right to change it whenever they want and you'll *continue* to abide by it. Not paranoia, just fact. Given that, it's really not hard to understand why people still want physical media for some purchases. They want *perminant, actual* ownership. For me that's books. For most music and games I have no problem with licensing digital downloads. But I wouldn't give you 10 cents for an e-book, because when I buy a book I intend to own it.
Nice anecdote. Doesn't change anything. The simple fact is you don't own digital goods. Your question was why anybody would want physical media. That's your answer.
&gt;Colluding with Communists to win the election Russia isn't Communist.
We do that. We call them "actors." "Singers." "Comedians." . . .
There should be separate baseball league for those colored folks. This Robertson dude has no chance of succeeding in MLB.
It is, but the MRAs didn't get the memo.
Yeah, it's all subjective, dude, and what you're into. To me, Foo Fighters doesn't mean much beyond, "that band the guy from Nirvana is in." It's not like he's Kevin Haskins or something.
Gosh, I feel like I read that somewhere else before. Oh, that's right, it's what the article you didn't read is about.
&gt;Which, even at the time it was released, was considered to be bad. Yes and no. It was a time when the mainstream pretty much just knee-jerk considered *all* sci-fi (and fantasy, and superhero/comic stories) to automatically be bad. Those of us that were into that sort of thing dug the original BSG.
Star Trek did used to be that way. Before DS9. Dark-and-gritty was trendy long before BSG.
I'll take, "Conclusions jumped to after only reading the headline" for 500, Alex.
Yeah, it's old people. We haven't kept up on the latest developments, like this newfangled heliocentric notion! Yeah, or it's young people too obsessively preoccupied with social media and gaming to put down the phone and pick up a book once-in-a-while.
My point is that bigoted dipshits at the time would've *denied* that black men and white men were the same. Wrong then and too ignorant to see it and the same now. But I guess I'm expecting too much historical perspective from you, "Sonny."
"Still?". There was never a time a MAGA wasn't a dead-give away of hopeless stupidity.
It's not the exchange of money that causes that, it's prohibition. Push something into the black market and other crime attaches to the process, too. Legal transactions don't cause that probably. Liquor gangs no longer shoot each up in turf wars because they are legal regulated businesses now.
Fluffer.
Name a legal/legitimate business that has a problem with human traffickers bringing in forced labor. For a business that can operate legally, it's not worth the risk. It's the fact that the business itself *is already a crime* that breeds the associated crime.
Why limit yourself? Morally is only one of the many ways we real Americans are superior to the shitstains in the White House, and every single mouth-breathing waste of space that voted for him.
HISTORY: I'm of the opinion that Hitler secretly survived WW2 and was the mastermind of the conspiracy to kill Kennedy. ECONOMICS: I'm of the opinion that scarcity is a myth and all resources are in fact infinite. Well, I guess I can't be wrong. Because it's only possible to be right or wrong in "math or science."
Well, I guess we know which talking point strategy the right is preparing for the Trump shutdown. It's the one where you grasp at some terminology used in popular speech and use it a launching point to pedantically correct everyone on things literally everyone already knows and understands in a vain attempt to (a) derail the conversation and (b) assume a false air of intellectual superiority by pretending your little middle-school factoid is in fact important data that only you understand. See Also: "It's not a democracy, it's a republic." "It's not really free, it's paid for with taxes."
ITT: Racist apologists who don't understand what "Asian" means when talking about race grasping an idiotic straw to defend this behavior.
No.
Sorry, but it's just you. These are all pretty much "101" level literary references.
Is it 20 more porn stars that Individual 1 paid for sex?
No, that can't be true. Corporations given free reign over our access can totally be trusted to do the right thing. Conservatives told me so.
At least you admit you're problem is bigotry and closed-mindedness.
&gt;I dont believe elementary classrooms are the space to wage the culture wars Of course you do. You just want them to indoctrinate your, my, and everyone else's kids in *your* so-called values. (Ignorance. Fear. Hate of anything and anyone that doesn't conform to your leave-it-to-Beaver idea of "normality.") It only becomes "culture war" to you if a voice other than yours gets heard.
In the White House, for starters.
This is the party of Reagan. So I'm pretty sure "other funding sources" for things Congress says no to means, "I'll make some illegal arms deals with terrorists to raise the money."
Maybe he really *is* playing 4D Chess.
OH NOZ THE WAR ON CHRISTMAS STRIKES AGAIN !!1!
Lock him up!
There's nothing "wrong" with the traditional family unit. Nor with any other type of family, either. There is everything wrong with tiny-minded bigoted pieces of shit thinking that their and only their way is the "right" one. As an American, *you're* free to be an ignorant bigoted shitstain - but don't fucking parade *that* around and normalize it around children. Exposure to the likes of you would do them far more damage than anything in this picture ever could.
The fuck are you talking about? He's her lobster.
We all knew exactly what it was. I was just a kid and I understood it. It's not even subtle, it's obvious satire. It's only younger people today that seem to have this problem with the entire fucking thing just whooooshing right over their heads.
The Big Lebowski (and all other Coen brothers movies). And yes - I know that's just, like, my opinion, man.
Am I the only one that was totally luke warm about this series? I feel like the Marvel movies totally embrace what they are - superhero movies - and then just fucking go for it. This show disappointed me by trying way too hard to be "real." I wanted Daredevil vs Kingpin and Bullseye. Instead I got black sweats guy vs Wilson and Dex.
Cool. You spend a bunch of time in conservative conversations pointing out that Obamacare isn't a thing that exists, right?
You mean the registration I have to go through to buy cold medicine? Yeah, I'm not "harmed."
I'm waiting for the part where we get to pry the stocks from their cold dead hands.
Yes. It's used to make Meth. Hence the registry when we but it.
Orange fan sad.
The Fourth Estate serving as a check on those in power, exactly as they should.
These rural Alabama Christians are almost certainly the sort that don't consider Catholics to be Christians. Possibly even consider the Pope to be the Anri-Christ.
If this shit works, I'm starting my own campaign to build a wall along the Mason-Dixon line.
28 years. At a time when life expectancy was considerably shorter.
I'm not a fan of "big content," either, but you can't really have one without the other. You can't respect the ownership right of the individual unless they can do as they please with it - including selling it to a corporation if that's e they want to do.
Most likely they can make the money off merchandise sales because they control the rights to their names, logos, etc on said merchandise. Which is why someone else can't just sell their own version of the merch and cut the band out.
Every single *reasonable* person did know that, yes. That's a set that doesn't include any Trump voters.
It's a toss-up between death or super powers.
Well, as long as mention it, DS9 was a shit sandwich, too. Dark and gritty space operas about unlikable amoral characters fighting wars in space isn't Star Trek.
Not familiar, but sounds to me like a rip-off of Wormhole X-treme.
I read them in the late 70s. Yeah, they were nerdy, but that's a little different from saying they weren't mainstream. Zeppelin wrote songs about it. And shitty though the original may be, Peter Jackson's was not the first movie version.
No, the person he commented on doesn't subscribe the young generation's notion that everything *has* to be dark, gritty, and edgy in order to be good. *That's* fucking boring. Everything made today has the *exact* same cookie-cutter tone. They even tried to make fucking Superman dark and gritty. Also, note to young folks who mistake long arcs as automatically better - is Twilight a better piece of writing than Old Man and the Sea? No? Length does not equal quality. I've commented more times than I care to remember on what you call "less black and white and more realistic.". Which is to say - DS9's *dumbing down* of the allegorical story-telling that was a core defining characteristic of Trek in favor of simplistic literalism. And that lines of dialogue on DS9 mocking the idea of "paradise" or "Utopia" just demonstrated that DS9'S writers didn't even *understand* Star Trek.
Which is chock full of really good useful information. And also complete shit, nonesense, and misinformation. Non-curated, non-quality controlled "the internet" does not and will not ever function as a replacement for a library.
Hey, guess what. Libraries lend e-books, too. And provide public access to paywalled digital content, journal articles, etc. The centerpoint of libraries hasn't been "cutting trees" since long before the Kindle even existed. Oh, and also - cool story on not reading a paper book in ten years. You're an outlier. Paper books still outsell e-books.
It's /r/books? I'd be shocked if there wasn't a strong love for libraries here.
And DS9 did not have the first lesbian kiss, "LA Law" did that in the '80s.
Watch ToS episode "Amok Time." Then all will be made clear.
2(a) Every character is also completely unlikable. 3(a) Let's not forget the Bajorans and this show's obsession with their voodoo religious mumbo-jumbo. 7 Dark-and-gritty edgy space opera about amoral characters fighting a war with a "Star Trek" skin slapped over the top of it is not Star Trek. 8 The show that dumbed Star Trek down from an allegory to a simplistic literalism masquerading as "realism." Lines of dialogue mocking the "paradise" or "utopia" of the earlier series just prove that DS9's writers didn't even *understand* those earlier series. 9 People hate on JJ Trek for what? Too much pew pew action, not enough exploration (both literal and of the human condition)? Pairing up characters romantically like it's a freshman dorm instead of a Starship? Yeah, everything people to claim to hate about more recent Trek actually started in DS9.
No, every random idiot with a computer does not, in fact, get his uninformed opinions about things added to the library collection. That would be one key difference between the library and "the internet."
Miles is one of the two characters they the absolutely fucking destroyed. If you seen the Plunkett reviews of the TNG movies, you're familiar with the idea of "movie Picard" vs. "TV Picard." Same thing happened with Worf and O'Brien. Great characters from TNG that had to be re-written as insufferable assholes to fit in on DS9. DS9 O'Brien was the sort of arrogant and sense of duty-less prick that would defy a direct order from an officer just because he thought he knew better. TNG O'Brien never would've pulled that shit with Crusher. And if he had, his ass would've been drummed out of Starfleet and on the next ship back to Earth so fast his head would be spinning.
70% of American families don't have **a** thousand dollars. So these people with their idiotic out of touch ideas? 3 of 10 are just that out of touch. Probably too rich on inherited money to have any idea what life is like for real people. 7 of 10 are, themselves, financial screwed but are parroting what their masters told them because they've internalized the idea that not being well-off is their own fault or a sign of deficiency.
Because Trump is wasting his time on the wrong border. We already invest heavily on control of the southern border, we need a wall on the north to keep the Canadians out.
Well, in writing that comment yesterday my source was, "My *memory* of articles about this particular study," but it looks like that source was off by 10% :) Should've said **60%** don't have $1000 rather than 70%. https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/18/few-americans-have-enough-savings-to-cover-a-1000-emergency.html
Um. Your understanding of how TV worked back-in-the-day is a bit warped. No, it was not intended to be an "anthology show." It was just a *episodic* where every episode was stand-alone. Or as we used to call it back then, "a TV show." It isn't that the "concept of a serialized show hadn't come to fruition," it just literally wasn't a thing. Serialization was for soap operas. No other show did it. Ever. There's no such thing as a "filler" episode when you're looking at a show from that era. All episodes are stand-alone. PROBABLY UNPOPULAR OPINION: In some ways, that was better. Or at least - we've gone *too* far in the other direction. Seasons were too long? No, they're way too fucking short now. You wait a year, maybe more, for the new season of a favorite show to come out then it's over in 8 episodes, maybe 12 if you're lucky? That blows. You used to be able to see a new episode every week year-round, three months of summer being the only exception. I also think this current concept of "filler" is backwards. A stand-alone episode isn't "filler," it's a complete self-contained story. It's heavy serialized shows that suffer from too much "filler" - episodes that in of themselves have no point but just serve to stretch the storyline out. An hour of nothing with a single event or plot point that matters. One five minute scene surrounded by 55 of "filler." I find that these fully serialized shows have *way* less rewatch value. IMHO the perfect *balance* of having longer arcs, but containing them in episodes that each had a point and full story of their own was ht by *Buffy the Vampire Slayer.* More shows should go that route.
&gt;Nobody watches TNG because "it's the sequel to TOS!" Any more, but you bet your ass we did. A sci-fi show about a bunch of people exploring space while having long discussions about ethics or philosophy and quoting lots of Shakespeare. Running as an original show in syndication rather than on a network, so no fixed time slot, etc. Wouldn't have lasted half a season if it hadn't been a spin off of ToS.
The Windows 98 start-up screen.
Yeah, that'd be the main character singing that. During his complete mental breakdown, so not really to be taken literally.
"Each newly discovered creature" wasn't named after the US President as a statement by its discoverers. Pretty sure that's a first.
Nope. But it's certainly a factor in making something newsworthy. Your own assessment of the newsworthy-ness of this item - pretending it's just another discovery, nothing to see here - was itself biased, and typical attempt to "work the refs."
&gt;Now if CNN had a history of reporting each newly discovered creature with the same degree of visibility as this one... Your words, not mine.
[Sports metaphor.](https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&amp;ei=hsggXOmTGYfQjwTkor_oBw&amp;q=working+the+refs&amp;btnK=Google+Search&amp;oq=working+the+refs&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3.0.0l2j0i22i30l3.1729.3780..3995...0.0..0.119.1744.4j13......0....1..gws-wiz.....0..35i39j0i131.r9iPznzHNsc) tl;dr - Complain about "liberal bias" so much, so loudly, so frequently that in order to avoid the appearance of such, media over-compensate. Shy away from negative coverage of conservatives, over-"balance" stories by reporting "both sides" even when only one is supported by fact. etc
*50 Shades of Green* starring Kermit the Frog.
&gt;If you want the full lore start with TNG. Yeah, the very first, original, Trek! I never understood the title, though. Why'd they call it the *next* generation? That almost seems to imply that it *isn't* the original, and is in fact a follow-up to something else.
I seem to remember them doing that in 1979.
I would think the ENT film would appeal to fans of Star Trek. Not really much overlap there with the folks watching STD.
I used to think people who didn't believe in Narwhals were a myth, then I came to this thread and there are like fucking 500 of them.
How about a time-travel story that retcons the entire DS9 series out of existence?
ORANGE FAN MAD.
"successful" at what? The *vast* majority of wealth is inherited.
Not the point. Whether or not there's anything "wrong" with it is a whole different conversation. This one is about your false implication that money is in any way connected to "being successful." Statistically in this country it is simply a sign that were "successful" at being born into it, nothing more.
Because one is the best new Star Trek show since TNG and the other is STD.
Other than the single protagonist, your criticisms are equally applicable to the original Dark-and-Gritty-Trek, DS9.
"Diversity Trek?". Sounds a lot like a show I watched and loved in the late 60s. Guess you're not a fan.
The Democrats.
&gt;The North Carolina elections board has refused to certify the race between Republican Mark Harris and Democrat Dan McCready, while it investigates irregularities concerning absentee ballots. Little known bit of Reddit trivia - if you click on a post title it opens this thing called an "article" that often answers questions like yours.
What context or argument do you think it is, exactly, that makes reliance on bigoted slurs ok? "___________ queer semi-latino __________" " ___________ lispy queer _______________" Fill in the blanks with literally anything that you think would make context matter in this case.
No, he means universe. Yet another fantastic scifi franchise get dumbed down into a dark-and-gritty soap opera.
He's not wrong, haven't you even seen any scifi? Obviously this guy is actually a fine, upstanding citizen but the goatee indicates this is his evil twin/evil version from a parallel universe.
OK, Mr. Libertarian, we can start on creating your Utopia by revoking *all* ownership rights over land and any natural resources produced by it. None of it came into existence naturally "owned" by anyone. Every claim to own a piece traces back to an act of government "violence," in which a government claimed the right to grant ownership of that land to someone. We can own individual things and personal property, but land doesn't belong to anybody without government "violence," all land and natural resources are communal property belonging to everyone. tl;dr - Nobody "made" the 20 trees, they accumulated them through the government "violence" you claim to consider immoral.
None of this answers my basic point - that in your previous analogy, the guy with the "20 trees" did not create that situation himself. He ended up with 20 trees *because of* the very government "violence" you oppose. Whether he was the direct recipient of it, whether it was in the time of his father which was then passed onto him as an inheritance, whether it was in time of his forefathers. There is *no* ownership of land or natural resources that government didn't originally "steal" before granting it to someone else. That "20 tree man" (and you) oppose that government intervention *now* is textbook case of wanting to pull up the ladder after *you've* climbed it. If you oppose the ladder, get your asses back to the ground first before we *all* agree not to use it. The problem with ideologies like yours, of course, is that you all think government is the *only* form of violence or coercion. It apparent in this post and others on this page in your mistaken belief that consent hasn't been removed from work and the "exchange" of labor and that that situation wouldn't be *even worse* in your tax-free world. Is this "exchange" of my labor for money necessary in order to secure basic survival needs like food and shelter? Then you and those who buy labor are, in fact, holding a gun to my head. "Work or stave" is a gun. Even Milton fucking Friedman recognized this simple truth - that unless and until everyone's basic survival needs are fully provided for *without working for them* then the exchange of labor for money is *not* voluntary. He proposed something very similar to a UBI to fix that situation, but mine from above would work, too - in a world in which the government "violence" establishing the ownership of land were removed, making all land and natural resources provided by it communal, people would have the option, difficult though it may be, to live off the land. *Any* land since in a world where it can't be owned, there is no such thing as "trespassing" and, no, those fields don't "belong" to Farmer Jones.
There are plenty of "ways around it." We have one. Taxes and welfare. But you don't like that because you're already up the ladder. There's another - First you'd have to recognize that I am *not* holding the gun to my own head. The notion that somebody else "owns" the food and I have to pay them for it is. The gun is being held to my head by the same government violence you *claim* to oppose (unless and until it's used to protect your bogus "property rights.") Why can't I go help myself to the food growing in the fields? Wild or cultivated? Because somebody "owns" that land. Why? Did they "make" that land? No? They own it because at some point in the past government "stole" it *with the threat of violence* and gave it to someone. That original theft is not erased just someone because bought and sold it or inherited it. If some thug stole your car and turned around and sold it to me that doesn't make it rightfully mine. And I say this as a property owner. I own a house and land in the Twin Cities, MN. I own it due to the "violence" of government seizing this land *by force* from the Dakota. Government granted that land to one of the big lumber barons. My house was built on it toward the end of the 1800s, originally as company-owned worker housing for that lumber company. At some point they sold it to someone. Probably went to that someone's kids, eventually someone sold it to someone who sold it someone who sold it to someone . . . (~150 years) . . . who sold it to me. As an added bonus, as with several large chunks of Minneapolis/St. Paul, no treaty was ever made with the Dakota who therefore still to this day should *rightfully* own my land. What stops them from coming and kicking me out and taking my house? The same government "violence," of course. If you're so opposed to it, stop pretending you "own" anything. Because if one of us HAS to die, it's gonna be you. The "thieves" at the IRS and the government backing them outgun you by orders of magnitude. Of course, there's actually another alternative. If you don't want to live in a society, we in do in fact have open borders. Nothing's stopping you from getting the fuck out.
&gt;Some land was taken from others by force, but not all of it. Really? Not all of it? You mean some of the land on Earth came into existence *already belonging to a human being* even though we wouldn't be around for a few billion years? Every single inch of land on Earth was originally seized by government from it's rightful owners - everyone/no one. The Normans stole England from the Anglo-Saxons, who stole it from the Romans, who stole it from the Celts, who stole it from ?, who stole it from the original tribe of Homo Sapiens who stole it from their Neanderthal cousins. It doesn't matter if you can point to a *specific* group or individual it was taken from - it came into existence belonging to noone, meaning any claim to "own" it is founded on nothing but seizure by force. I'm not opposed to that, I'd agree there's no other way. But I'm not the one who claims to be opposed to government "violence," you are. I'm just illustrating the truth that you're only opposed to it *when you're not the one benefiting from it.* I'm OK with *both* the government "violence" of protecting my property rights *and* taxing me. &gt;That's my analogy. I will tell you how he got them. Everyone figured oit how to grow apple trees, so they did. Cool story. It's not the planting that matters, it's the land he planted them in. Not his. The seeds? Not his, either, at some point they came from a naturally-growing tree and someone simply *seized* control of them in order to sell them. They had no right to. It's violence and theft. &gt;And what does it matter how he got the trees barring it was consensual? "Consensual" with whom? They belong to nobody. Nobody has the right to give that consent. Your entire notion of carving up all the shit on the world is based on a couple millennia worth of "finders keepers/losers weepers." Now, you think government should use force and violence to let you keep what you grabbed but to not to help anyone else. Pure hypocrisy and your claim to oppose this government force or "violence" on some sort of principle is pure bullshit. You just think it be exclusively devoted to helping you keep your ill-gotten gains. &gt;And the argument that ownership holds no merit is objectively ludicrous. This is self-evident. No, it's not. This argument you keep making is: &gt;There is no alternative. Firstly, of course, you're almost always wrong when you say it. There are alternatives, you just don't *like them.* Secondly, lack of an alternative has no bearing on whether or not the basis for a claim is sound or valid. None whatsoever. &gt;Again, yes, many humans took, murdered, pillaged, and even destroyed to take what they wanted. You miss the point again. It's not about taking a piece of land from someone else who had it before you. I'm saying whatever human or even proto-human first claimed to "own" each and every inch of this Earth had no right to do so. Just because you find something laying around unattended does make your claim to "own" it legitimate.
&gt;But we have a system of laws. Cool, we just solved the entire issue. If we're deferring to the "system of laws" now, that system of laws also includes taxation and makes it clear that it is absolutely not in any way "theft."
I'm apparently going to be choked when somebody shoves the "Omnibus Higher Education Bill" down my throat.
Ah, but it's the *last thing* you Googled, so you're probably going to killed by some guy that runs a "Geocities" site, or maybe something to do with "Y2K."
You know that bringing up Biden's finger wave just shows how insincere you people were when defending Bernie?
&gt;I want children because I want to provide a happy family life that otherwise they may not have experienced. This makes no sense. "They" would never have experienced anything having never existed.
All the discussion above us about the biology of child birth, effects on the body had me viewing this as a question about wanting to HAVE child, but you're right, the original question is not specific to that.
Then why would he associate with a religious right big government theocrat like Paul?
Fitting that this crap was posted by somebody that can't spell "beliefs."
&gt;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2ahKYcMxDM Easy, he said it on TV.
After credit scenes have been a thing since *way* before the MCU. The first one I personally remember seeing was on *Ferris Bueller.* They mostly just a quick gag back in the day, all the MCU did was tie them into teasing the next sequel.
Meh. Rose colored glasses. My friends &amp; I laughed through *Die Hard 2* back in the day, and *not* in a good way. I particularly remember making fun of a scene where like a dozen villains are shooting at JM point blank and not *one* hit. It's grown on me over the years, but at the time, we thought it was crap. I always loved *Point Break,* but I was in a very small minority. It was basically a cult classic/guilty pleasure that was universally looked down on. I still consider *Speed* and *Con Air* to be pure eye candy garbage. I barely put them above a "Transformers" movie.
That's about your personal enjoyment. The totally erroneous claim being made here is that the quality of blockbusters Hollywood is *making* has dramatically declined. Your take on it focused heavily on *originality*. DH2? A sequel to an adaptation. Great 30s films like Frankenstein? Great example of Hollywood was no less likely back then to crank out "cash in" sequels to popular franchises. See: Bride of Frankenstein, Son of Frankenstein, Ghost of Frankenstein, Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man, Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein and many many others.
&gt;There's a clear evolution in the Hollywood studio system against financial pressure to chase more and more probable box-office, which means piggybacking on existing brand value (sequels/remakes) rather than taking a punt on original scripts. There are very few original blockbuster scripts these days, that can't be denied. That's why I'm saying you're focused on originality. I barely scratched the surface of all the *many* Frankenstein sequels. There were just as many for Dracula. Etc. They've been cranking out Bond movies (sequel after sequel AND adapted from a book series to boot) for fifty years. And as someone who was there - those *were* the blockbusters that got hyped up in the '70s and '80s. 80s/90s. For starters, multiple Star Wars and Star Trek films in both decades. Jaws sequels. More Friday the 13th than you can shake a machete at. Hell, OP mentions The Matrix but ignores the two shitty sequels. It's the same thing every time every time this discussion gets posted - people grossly over-estimating the quality/originality of the old days because we tend to *remember* the higher quality/original films and/or not realizing the "original" films they look back on so fondly actually aren't.
Yeah, the guy's just concerned about selective breeding to "preserve the white race" and people like act like he's all Nazi or somthin'
There's hidden racism implied in your question once we start getting into whether the bird in question is African or European.
I'm still struggling with quitting 35+ years later, so I'm just going to beat the shit out of him/me if he/I goes anywhere near a cigarette.
Yup, this *opinion* piece in favor of massive corporate welfare handouts for an abusive employer with a long history of poor treatment of employees and anti-competative monopolistic practices towards the rest of us *totally* demonstrates her lack of intelligence! /s
Hmm, I'm not sure I can accept that analogy without evidence of a Charo appearance on ER.
And yet you are from your original post complaining about *social consequences.*. So guess what - if you get your feelings hurt because of everyone else's opinion of your shitty world view then you have a severe mental problem.
So it's the *market* consequences you don't like. Funny how the same right wingers who tell us we don't need civil rights laws because the magical market fairy will take care of it for us by punishing discrimination cry "fascism" when the social/market consequences of their vile world views bite them in the ass.
COMMENT = "I have something to say." UPVOTE = "I like this and want to promote it." There is absolutely no connection between those two things. COMMENT + DOWNVOTE = "I'll answer this shit *again* but downvote it for reposting a question that's been asked a thousand fucking times before."
&gt;Serious thinkers &gt; hold the original narrative was actually a pre-Christian telling of the gospels These two things are mutually exclusive.
You realize that Pride parades and events are mostly privately held and funded by groups that put them on, right? Nobody's stopping you from going out to fund raise and organize a month of veteran celebration instead of whining on Reddit, if you're so concerned about it.
Why do you hate the free market?
What? Other than mocking you for using "u" like you're a fucking twelve year old girl texting her BFF to meet her at the mall, none of this is "gramma Nazi." You *literally* said Pride wasn't needed. When I pointed out why it was, you claimed not to have said what you said. You're either actually this stupid or just trolling to waste my time. Either way, buh-bye.
How on Earth is it not? Companies don't react in a situation like those because they actually give a shit. They react because employing or otherwise conducting business with racists shitstains *hurts their business.* Because some of consumers *vote with our dollars.* We are selective about who will get our money. Companies that want that money do what they need to do to attract. This is exactly how the free market is *supposed* to work.
You feel free to, but your statement boils down to "serious thinkers don't believe in this kind of magic, they believe in this other kind of magic instead."
There are some categories. So different shelves for fiction, history, etc. But within each of those, alpha by author, each author's books alpha by title.
Thanks for clarifying, I thought he was talking about Jesus my gardener.
Oh, look, Wikipedia. I don't let my students cite, you either. Or I could just take you at your word there that you apparently think things like universal/women's sufferage and minimum wage are "fascist." Which would just confirm what I said in my previous post.
Also, he joins the team the night before the championship game expecting to be the starter, then immediately quits again if he doesn't get his way.
Will Mexico pay for it, too?
A *week?* OP is obviously not married.
TOTALLY OVERRATED FILMMAKERS THAT PEOPLE SWOON OVER BECAUSE IT'S HIP: The Coen Brothers Wes Anderson
Star Wars (nope, still not gonna start calling it A New Hope)/Empire Strikes Back (tie) Return of the Jedi Solo Last Jedi Force Awakens Watching Paint Dry A Poke in the Eye With a Sharp Stick Attack of the Clones Revenge of the Sith Forced to Watch a Film of My Parents Having Sex Phantom Menace/Rogue One (tie)
Wow, is that a thing? Back in my day, substantially less half of us went to college, never would've even occurred to rule out dating someone who didn't. *Intelligence,* hell, yes, hugely important to me. Don't think I could be with someone who isn't a reader. But the credentials? Who gives a shit.
All that's missing is the red hat.
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/homophobes-might-be-hidden-homosexuals/
He's a white Christian terrorist, they get bail. A one way ticket to Gitmo and a date with a waterboard is only for the brown ones.
The commercial database publishers do add some value to the equation. The indexing and search tools on those databases make it all useful for research purposes in a way it wouldn't be without it.
Maybe if we get really lucky he'll get bored with this whole "Presidency" thing.
For themselves, maybe. Certainly not for any of the rest of us.
They're here, but at least in MN they tend to keep it to themselves and stay out of everyone else's businesses. The Scandanavians culture of reservedness and respect for privacy is too strong to be overcome even by Fundamentalism.
Three Seasons and movie with all the original cast and a script that pretends the rest of the series never happened. ie Just pick up the movie from the end of S3. Which they easily lampshade using Abed.
The only correct answer.
Greg House.
&gt;That's the same reason why the USA doesn't have a high speed rail network Or rail travel has fallen out of favor *because* we don't have a high speed rail network. And costs almost as much and sometimes more than a plane ticket. Personally, you give me any travel option that involves *not leaving the ground* and I'd take it, don't give a shit if it adds extra time. But the train options we have mostly don't cut it.
Why the impatience? You can't buy a plane ticket and be on board and airborne in five minutes. If I can order a driverless car to pick me up at my door within a week or two from now, it'll be disruptive.
Yes, god forbid we'd miss out on the stimulating social interaction of being packed in like fucking sardines into uncomfortable seats with no leg room, shoulder to shoulder with random strangers, screaming babies, unwashed hillbillies taking their shoes off, obese motherfuckers spilling over into our space, etc. Bunch of anti-social shut-ins! Or, you know, some of us just prefer *not* to be 7 fucking *miles* off the ground in a literal missile packed full of highly explosive fuel.
Right idea, wrong reasoning. Who gives a shit about the ecstasy, criminalize raves for the shit fucking music.
Yes, many Democrats are in fact supporting this position *which is in the fucking party platform.* That's not a gotcha. And it's got fuck all to do with Bernie, he has nothing to do with what's in the platform of a party he just conveniently and temporarily joins every four years when it suits his own personal ambitions.
What would you do with the other 58 minutes?
That was my exit.
*Not allowing any else to vote,* hence Oregon law requiring them to show up. A law they themselves had police to enforce when the shoe was on the other foot and the Democrats were "protesting."
Different states. Wisconsin rules for AWOL Senators involve fines, zeroing out their expense accounts, and stopping their pay. Oregon's Constitution deals with AWOL legislatures in this way (police bringing them into to work). That's Oregon's right to set their own rules, right? And it's right in the Constitution. As a conservative, you're all about following Constitutions and States Rights. Right?
Meh. The writing isn't *better,* either. The fact that people *think* it is is just a by-product of the cultural shift in TV the article hinted at. Younger people who grew up on serialized TV don't quite *get* episodic shows. (You can see this in their constant complaints about the imaginary "reset button."). Basically longer automatically equals better. Which isn't true, it's just a different style of writing. One's a novel, one's a series of short stories. We don't call *Twilight* "better" than Hemingway's short stories just because it has "longer arcs." People who complain about the originals being "utopian" also don't get it. The point wasn't utopianism, the point was using a somewhat idealized future *to hold up a mirror to ourselves and examine the problems of the present.* It's a tradition of using sci-fi as allegory that's been around as long as sci-fi itself. It's not "look at how perfect the Federation is," it's "look at how much we currently fail to live up to our ideals and how much better we could be if we got our shit together." That allegory and that sense of *aspiration* - "this is what we could hope to become" - is what DS9 gave up on in the the switch to dark-and-gritty and literalism. So, thanks to the article for at least acknowledging our disinterest in it when it was on, but that didn't just magically disappear. Many of us 1.0 Trek fans still think it's shit, it's popularity came along with new generations of young fans who mistake dark tone and long story arcs for "better writing."
&gt;indisputably Nope, personal opinions like that are always disputable. Watch me do it - "DS9 is far and away the worst Trek."
So researching a topic makes one's views on it immediately dismissable. Expertise is BAD, mmkay? See my original comment. This is the anti-intellectualism that put a Reality TV host with the intellectual curiosity of a turnip in the White House. Hey, but I bet he passed the "which candidate would you like to have a beer with" test!
If any of his cultists gave a shit, his admissions *on tape* of sexually assaulting women would've been the end of campaign. But as usual it's OK if you're a Republican.
I, too, have eyes.
"I love you." Classic Schmosby.
No, but it's totally OK with me if we fill them with academics who's **research interests** include climate change and fossil fuels. The objection you originally raised related to her work. Once again your knee-jerk assumption that somehow invalidates her view just reveals *your* agenda and *your* wilful ignorance. Once again back to my original post about the anti-intellectualism that fuels the American right. But we both already know that, "BerniesSummerHome," because you're not here to have an actual conversation, just to push agenda. Your pretense of taking issue with the specifics of her were just a fall back position you ended up in once I clued you in on who she actually is and your previous mindless parroting of the "adjunct professor of American Studies" talking point du jour got neutered.
They also gender-swapped "Overboard "
Do you drink alcohol? Eat junk food? Why?
Objectively, just sticking the word "objectively" in front of your personal opinion doesn't magically transform it into a fact. Maybe if you pray really hard to some childishly cartoonish poorly written stand-in for a religious figure like "The Prophets" that might help. But talking about characters while praising a show where a one-dimensional cardboard cutout like Sisko was a standout is a hoot. The show that tried *sooo* hard to be edgy and dark-and-gritty that having it's own original characters be dicks wasn't enough, they had to turn the two TNG characters they brought over into insufferable assholes, too.
We've known him to be a moron since he first became a public figure in the '80s. This is just yet another example of "look what the moron did this time."
You always hear that about them, I must've got lucky. I had an eMachine in the late 90s that served me well for like ten years with no issues.
Please do, we all benefit from a properly educated citizenry. People getting an actual education instead of squandering that opportunity on useless degrees that do nothing other than tick a box on a list of job qualifications would be fantastic.
Good question. When are we going to teach corporations, and farmers, and banks, and sports team owners responsibility?
Talk Hard. John C. Reilly's parody biopic of a talk show host.
Correct. The former is just an example of we the people providing *our employees* with the same sort of benefits they'd get from a private sector employer.
https://www.bookweb.org/for-the-record
That may have been true a couple of decades ago, but higher education has essentially become "basic education" as more and more employers decided to require four year degrees for jobs that don't really need it. It's now basically a pay wall to even enter the job market.
Those two statements are the same.
I'm not him, but I'll stand behind his statement. Have you *looked* at job market lately? Over the last few decades employers have decided to unnecessarily stick "4 year degree" as a minimum qualification on damn near *everything.* Even shit like any kind of management/non-entry level positions in field like retail and food service. It's your basic ticket to even *enter* the job market. I'm from a generation where most people *didn't* go to college. I did, my sister did not. In our younger she did a lot of work in HR and HR management. Now? Thank God her husband has a good job, because with no degree all she can get is part time entry level retail.
None of that is how higher ed works.
Philosophy degrees are valuable, especially in these terms. If we're talking about the societal value of an educated populace, degrees that impact that impart an actual *education* are the valuable one. Degrees that impart credentials or just teach job skills that benefit noone but whatever corporation you end up working for are the worthless ones. Top of that list? Business degrees. No real societal benefit from people their opportunity for an education learning to write ad copy, develop marketing plans or write catchy but meaningless mission statements.
Culinary and Fashion are both trade degrees specifically oriented towards employment. Apparently we also have no need for artists or musicians and gain no benefit from the study of our history or origins. (I mean, seriously, fucking Anthropology is on your list?) Let me guess. You're an engineer. Le STEM Master race, am I right? All this "useless degree" bullshit you people are constantly spouting is is a very specific manifestation of Dunning Kruger. Only my chosen field is relevant. I know *nothing* about all these other fields (beyond maybe the one Freshman survey class I was required to take). Clearly, if *I* don't know about it, that means there is nothing *worth* knowing. My own ignorance of a topic proves it's uselessness.
What do think the suggestion of free college for all *is?*
Banks chosing to give out high risk loans and running to us for a bailout when they crash. Billionaires chosing to buy sports teams and crying to us for stadium handouts. The list is damn near endless.
Hmm. A Trump supporter who admits he should've paid attention in high school. Hard to disagree with that.
USA today just declaring they don't need degrees doesn't make so. Check actual job postings by actual employers and that doesn't hold up. Hell, some of them are just dependant on where you live. Some states (like mine) mandate four year degrees for *all* Police officers, but here they are on this list. Love how many, especially technical ones, claim they don't require any training, too. Apparently I could just walk right up and start operating Railway signals or pile drivers without any fucking clue what I'm doing. tl;dr - I rate USA Today's list "Pants on Fire."
They're speaking neutrally, it just sounds odd to you because you're accustomed to hearing straight people speaking with that certain "straight" tone.
The Big Lebowski (along with every other film the Coen Brothers have ever made). Also, gosh I wonder what response this will get from the fan boys. Surely nobody will tell me it's just, like, my opinion, man.
OR - one of them is lady bits, but Trump doesn't know *whose* lady bits. That's the real reason for "grab 'em by the pussy.". He's trying to find his lost horcrux.
Please don't hate me - I think Pulp Fiction is a fucking masterpiece, but everything Tarantino has made since then is mediocre at best.
We've seen before what the end result of this is. Republicans now know that hiding out in a terrorist camp and threatening to murder the police is a tactic that *works* for them when they want to subvert democracy, and there will be zero consequences for them. Not even for the terroristic threats that would result in serious criminal charges for anyone else. Look forward to this now being a standard part of their playbook for any bill they don't like. For any confirmation they want to stop. For any election results they don't want to certify. Etc.
"I'm looking for people to help me move."
It's *literally* red, and comes in the form of a baseball cap.
Yeah, Trump support goes way beyond "political ideology." I've been around for a long time. More than long enough to remember when the total lack of basic human decency it would take a cast a vote for such a vile excuse for a human being didn't exist on either side of the aisle.
Are you a Minnesotan?
OR - He agrees with you and therefore sees somebody in a MAGA hat as a bad person *because they're bringing their politics (on their head)* everywhere they go. Or is OK to constantly throw *pro Trump* sentiment in everyone's face, just not the counter?
So if I disrespect Hitler I'm a bad person? A dead person deserves the respect they earned with how they lived, the simple act of dying, which we all do eventually, isn't a magic reset.
You missed the point of what he was telling you there. He wasn't making a political statement about communism, he was making a silly pun about "red flags" (as in the *literal red flag* of the Soviet Union). You're so busy with you're assholish gatekeeping and self-appointed role as the arbiter of who's allowed to talk about what topics when and where that you jumped on a guy making a pun for political bullshit. You are what you accused him of being.
Running around SPAMMING comment pages with arbitrary gatekeeping of your own personal opinion about what topics people are allowed to post about in what context.
Prince.
So, basically conservatism.
&gt;You need training, duh. Of course training is required, a lot of it is on the job Did you bother to read (or even skim) it. The point I'm criticizing it for here is that on most of these jobs it *literally* says "on the job training required" and then "none." Since you seem to agree that's not at all true, you'd appear to agree with my assessment of the article, too.
Write books. Added bonus for me. As the *only* author in existence my sales will be fucking unbelievable.
There was nothing remotely political about this. I was apparently just raised to be an all around better human being than you. But I'm sorry, did I hurt your little fee fees, snowflake? *There's* the only pussification I see happening. Internet tough guy trash who think it's perfectly cool to fling whatever shit they want at other without filter or any even basic common decency but cry like little bitches when they find themselves on the receiving end.
&gt;Sorry I'm a man I don't have an oversized clitoris https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/c4khbp/guys_whats_your_experience_with_pulling_back_your/erx2wq8?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share What was so aweful in your history that you had to create a new sick puppet two months ago to hide it?
Yeah, I do like that one. When I think of Tarantino films that I think are *vastly* over rated, my first thought would be "Kill Bill."
The name originally came from the idea that they're always "hovering" over their kids.
So I see many of them working in higher ed, but the *worst* helicopter story I have is second hand. Was talking with one of my (college) students a couple years back. She had management job at the mall, dealt with interviewing/hiring (high school) students. Particularly with 16 year olds looking for their first job, it's apparently become a thing for mom or dad to come along to job interviews. Not *bring* the kid, actually come to and sit next to kid, speaking for them and answering the questions. Those are the kids she didn't hire.
10? I think you meant to say 26.
So you really had a problem with Jon Pertwee's last season, huh? Is i because they kinda fixed the TARDIS and let him start leaving Earth again?
Tom Robbins, really? There are *many* things I love about Tom Robbins, but I wouldn't even put him in the top 100 for storytelling. Cool, sometimes trippy ideas. Great sense of humor, the absurd, iconoclastic, yes, but I'd argue the *story* element is almost non-existent in his books. It's basically just a skeletal framework he hangs all cool stuff on.
&gt;First amendment rights both religious freedom and freedom of speech come into play, as does the fact that money is considered speech. No, they don't, because being tax exempt is not a right. It's a special privileged an organization can apply for *if they meet and comply with the criteria.* Those criteria include staying out of politics. It's a voluntary trade off. If they want to pay the price (staying out of politics), they don't get the reward (tax exempt status).
Gosh, thanks! So glad I have your permission! This plus the other guy's permission not to set "reading goals," and I'm set to actually just enjoy my love of reading for another year. So glad you guys were both around to make it OK!
Worked in a bookstore for many years. If you're defending this, you're no better than the fundie extremists who made it their personal project to repeatedly deface and destroy any art books in our store that had artworks/pictures they didn't approve of.
*companies
I didn't take it personally. I'm mocking you - and the others - who seem to think that *anybody* needs to hear this "PSA "
I'm not sure Trump deserves comparisons to the Godfather. Trump is more, "I'll make him an offer I don't understand."
I love every minute of Buffy from start to finish but - UNPOPULAR OPINION: The first three seasons are the weakest three. "Riker grows his beard" when the characters get out of high school and the show is able to grow up a little with them. I'm in rewatch number ten or twelve or so right now and have to admit I found the Buffy/Angel relationship kinda cringe. I don't really see anything between them that *sells* me on this great love they're supposed to have. The writers *tell* us about it instead of *showing* it. And they tell about it in lots of cringey teen-girl dialogue like "When I'm with you I want to die" and "You wore your heart of your sleeve for the whole world to see." Joyce once said in a different context "When you're 16 everything feels like the end of the world." Perfectly sums up Bangel.
Pretty sure the correct Christian response is to offer her the other wrist.
Willfully ignorant? You misspelled lying sacks of shit.
*sneeze * Most Magnificently Scented Glorificus *sneeze *
No, it's not praise, it's just whataboutism and deflection from the conversation that actually matters *now.*
Sharknado is Jaws with a tornado.
Basically the Karate Kid is a rip off of the Charles Atlas ads in the back of old school comic books.
Hell yes, I'd do it for free. Buffy Summers.
Clocks were never really *everywhere.* A watch really was the only consistent/reliable way to keep track of time before phones.
&gt;It's a meritocracy... Oh, honey . . .
Then I'd have to guess you just never really needed to keep track of the time that closely when you were out and about in the world. I, too, grew up before cell phones. There just weren't that many clocks around that you could count on it everywhere you went.
Yup, the decline of discourse he's complaining about isn't just on Reddit, it's everywhere including IRL. But not because of an "echo chamber," because *reasonable* conservative intellectuals capable of both rationally defending their beliefs and, if the evidence calls for it, reevaluating them have all but disappeared. Nothing left but science- and reality- defying extremists is a cult of personality.
Anybody in any context relying on Trump to be "smart enough" is fucked.
They're not talking about a reboot, they're talking about an actual continuation.
Austin Powers, when that waitress totally turned out to be a man, baby.
The Apprentice. That spin off where the host became President is pure shit. It's like a bad rip off of The West Wing if Bartlett was ignorant trash.
Two words: Intern Blowjob.
I miss it. Standing outside in subzero weather just doesn't have the same sense of relaxation as comfortably enjoying a smoke with your dinner/drink/coffee/whatever.
Oh, god. It's about the original characters' kids who are in their thirties now, in the present day. Making this literally "Millennials: The Series."
"LORD, you promised you'd never flood the world again." "That wasn't me, that was the last guy. New boss in town, suck it up, bitches."
Because I have in no way smashed to the ground in a bloody, flaming pancake of death.
I thought the original was a terrible unwatchable Buffy wannabe. So no
There was never a full war, so no "deal" will necessarily need to be made. Both sides just stand down and don't do any further retaliation, that is the deal.
Well at least you were honest about the "didn't read" part. Actual tl;dr - Free community college means more people go to community college and *less* people go on to the get their four year. Agree or disagree with the authors, this article isn't some anti-education anti-spending rant. They do suggest that targeted spending, like making even full four year college free *for low income families* might produce better results than community college for everyone.
An oral fixation.
&gt;If we were talking about Slick Willy or Obama we'd need definitive video proof, No, we wouldn't. Eyewitness testimony is a form of evidence. But the real value of your comment is making it clear that to you this is all just a game where you stick up for your "team" no matter what.
Because you should use your words.
Because of what I've seen of the storylines in film, I really *wanted* to like Tom Clancy and the Jack Ryan books. Read about the first two pages of Red October where he keeps explaining in painful levels of detail exactly what *kind* of uniforms these particular guards are wearing, exactly what model guns they're carrying, exactly what rule/class/etc the submarine is . . . just said, "nope reading Clancy not gonna happen" and put it down.
Is that the one where the Enterprise uses it to fuck up the alien's shit?
tHe FrEe MaRkEt iS aLwAyS mOrE eFfIcIeNt!
Because as usual it's OK if you're a Republican.
I'm loving this. She should literally hand the papers to the House Page on camera when Trump enters the Chambers. So as Trump is walking down the aisle to the podium the TV cameras are all on the Page *leaving* the room on his way to the Senate.
&gt;forced to buy How, exactly, is anybody being "forced?"
I just finished The Godfather so casting Don Corleone is totally obvious. It would have to be Adam Sandler.
"Everyone" didn't elect him. He got 46% of the vote in an election with 58% turnout. He was elected by 26% of us.
So, not "forced," then. Gotcha.
Rocky Horror
One reason. Racism. Racism and stupidity. Two. Two reasons: racism, stupidity and a fanatical devotion to the GOP. Three. Amongst our reasons are such diverse elements as racism, stupidly and a fanatical devotion to the GOP. Bugger it, I'll start again . . .
I suspect you might be chosing extroverted hobbies instead of reading, and that's a problem. I'm concerned about the things you will miss out on.
Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer
And I'm sure you feel exactly the same way about the $2.4 trillion we spent in Iraq and Afghanistan without a Congressional declaration of war?
The loan debt is actually *to* the Federal government. So, no, the Federal government probably won't start lobbying or donating against her.
He was an off duty NYP cop and the incident happened on his vacation in Nashville. Article reading for the win!
My disagree % comes the reasonable expectation that people read the fucking article.
It was obvious to me it was faux-outrage drama on Sue's part even when it aired.
The nudity thing was his schtick since day one. Beyond that . . . Just being nice while existing and having a dick do not constitute "harassing" anyone. Or perhaps you also think the rest of the cast were "harassed" when they were exposed to Heidi &amp; Jenna's nudity without all of *their* consent? EDIT:. So I'm getting replies and asking myself why the fuck is everybody telling me he wasn't being "nice?" What does that matter and what are they all smoking. "Nice" was an auto correct fuck up. Should've read - "Just being **nude** while existing and having a dick do not constitute 'harassing'"
"public"
It was equally obvious when it aired that he didn't "rub" anything (unless he is *seriously* well endowed). He never touched her, she just started screaming and raising Hell when he was a good 2 or 3 feet away from her.
This is fun, can I play? "Author of pro-rape essay tries to grope female Senator."
Related question - They're vampires, why are they always looking to fist fight? This struck me last night. I'm in a rewatch right now and watched Tabula Rasa. There's a point when some of the Scoobies are hiding in the sewers and the vampire that's chasing them comes up behind Xander. Doesn't grab and bite him, doesn't choke him, or break his neck, but waits for Xander to turn around and then throws a punch. "I'm a murderous blood-sucking demon. Let's have a nice gentlemanly boxing match!"
Yes, they should've been totally above board and not at all corrupt by "giving the nomination" to the candidate who got less votes.
Then you didn't read the original headline.
Implying he's actually doing all that Tweeting himself and not just dictating it to a staffer?
Who's the bigger asshole? The asshole, or the asshole that votes for him?
One of the multiple definitions in Webster's for the word "theory" is "an unproven assumption." So I guess when creationists think they can summarily dismiss evolution because it's "only a theory," they're right, right? Because words mean things. And theory means "unproven assumption." QED. Or maybe just maybe words can mean multiple things in different contexts and usages. Much like both "theory" and "racism" have a usage in everyday common speech and an academic one that much more specific and precise. That's not "semantics," it's just the reality of how shit works.
With all the tats she's got, I'd say /r/trashyboners
Be the change you're looking for. Delete your account. Now there's less whining going on and we're one step closer to a subreddit where people actually enjoy the subreddit.
That's not what it means, thanks for playing.
Democrats lose because even though the vast majority of us live in these cities, low population rural shitholes chose our President.
Unwillingness to be realistic and accept that incremental change is how the world fucking works is how we ended up here in the first place. We whine about not getting everything overnight and meanwhile conservatives spend the last forty years dragging us slowly to the extreme Right, one incremental change at a time.
The median household income in San Francisco is $96k.
Color wasn't gimmick in '66, it was already pretty much standard by that point.
Yes, but what remains to be seen is what business model that future will operate on. A small number of large streaming platforms that conglomerate content across many or even all studios/networks the way Netflix used to. An ever growing number of small services for each and every studio/network expecting to collect their own monthly "rent" from us, totalling more than what we used to pay for cable. I won't support the second one, so I won't subscribe to any micro-paywalls for specific studios like All Access, Disney Plus, etc.
&gt;You mean the laws that are unconstitutional? Citation needed.
Cool story. &gt;Thus, we do not read the Second Amendment to protect the right of citizens to carry arms for any sort of confrontation, just as we do not read the First Amendment to protect the right of citizens to speak for any purpose. And &gt; nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms. &gt;We also recognize another important limitation on the right to keep and carry arms. Miller said, as we have explained, that the sorts of weapons protected were those "in common use at the time.’ 307 U. S., at 179. We think that limitation is fairly supported by the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of “dangerous and unusual weapons. All from DC vs Heller. PS - No, the word "regulated" never meant organized or equipped in the English language.
He is a program rather than an *actual* person, replacement doesn't seem like that much of a problem. As long as the replacement actor just plays the part their own way rather than try to do an impression.
Cool. Interesting data on how many people *owned the color sets.* By the 1965 season, NBC only had two shows left that were *not* in color. By '66, both ABC and CBS had gone to 100% color on all their shows. https://www.tvobscurities.com/articles/color60s/ Not a much of a "marketing gimmick" for Star Trek when (a) every show was in color at that point and (b) by your data, only 1 in 5 households had the necessary device to see it. In addition to the above. Citation: I was there.
My central point, though - this obsession everyone seems to have with term limits is to me just another aspect of the same anti-qualification populaism that gives us reality TV stars in the Oval Office. I far prefer my public servants know what the fuck they're doing.
I'm in a rewatch right now. "Seeing Red" is up tonight.
Hey, c'mon now, OP says this is a "peaceful" assault rifle.
OH my good you mean show actually writes humans as complex individuals with both "good" and "bad" in them rather than just one dimensional black and white tropes? WHERE'S MY PITCHFORK?
Yes, those states that fought for the right to own people totally valued "individual independence."
Which could easy be fit in if they nixed all the gangsta movies that don't belong on this list. It's a totally different vibe and as far as I'm concerned a totally different genre.
Not what show do I think is the greatest of all time, just what show do I think is *better than GoT.* Shit, I'm a GoT fan, and that would still be a pretty sizable list. Including but not limited to: Buffy the Vampire Slayer West Wing Breaking Bad The Wire The Sopranos House Star Trek (original) Star Trek TNG The X-Files Firefly MASH Cheers All in the Family Seinfeld
Part of it just *seems* that way. Diseases that start there and spread here seem exotic ("weird new infections") to us *because* they started there and spread. When the reverse happens it doesn't feel that way to us. Example - Lyme Disease. Started in US but is now also found in parts of Europe, S. America, Africa, and Asia. But we don't see it as a "weird new infection" *because* it started here.
There are no libertarians in a hospital waiting room.
Orcas are still pissed that their movie wasn't as successful as *Jaws.*
Fluffer
Note to Oklahoma: If you want to throw around your economic clout, you have to have some first.
Cool. So you'd have no problem if we require all stores, restaurants, movie theaters, etc to be closed weekdays, right? I mean, if those jobs are only intended for teenagers then they can't be open when the kids are in school, right?
"Mom and Pop shops" don't have more than 100 employees.
Why only fight for a lower minimum wage? Why not bring back slavery so CEOs can get even BIGGER bonuses?
Yeah, I'd much rather it's value be set by CEOs and shareholders who's personal wealth is dependent on undervaluing it!
If you'd prefer a third world shithole, the conservative south is full of them.
&gt;I turned down jobs because I valued my time more than the pittance offered. Then you were always operating from a place of privilege and your "lean" weren't really all that lean.
I don't know, personally I think "William Shatner."
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space_opera
Even there you're giving DS9 too much credit. That "pioneering" was being done a decade earlier by shows like *Hill Street Blues, St. Elsewhere, and L.A. Law.*
Oh, look, someone else who doesn't know who the Boomers actually are. This original that came out in 1970 is the "Boomer anthem.". The unplugged came in in '92 - firmly in the Gen X era.
Gosh, Yale! Gosh, with a school like Yale I wonder what the odds are he was a legacy admission, excuse me while I Google. . . . Oh, look, Daddy went to Yale. Totally didn't expect that!
Yup.
Yes, and we're consumers and can vote with our dollars by saying no when we think we've gotten *too* greedy. Hopefully pushing to a sustainable business that's profitable *and* consumer friendly. That's how free markets work.
You forgot "White men of Reddit, when did you feel discriminated against?"
https://blogs.sciencemag.org/sciencecareers/2011/09/financial-aid-b.html
Slaughterhouse
Gee, I'm sorry if it doesn't live up to the standards set by the absolutely nothing you provided to back up your victimhood complex.
I'm not criticizing anybody for who their parents. I am pointing that trying to pretend this guy is some kind of genius because of things that were handed to him is disingenuous at best. You know, like the $300 million he gained (thank you for not saying 'earned') working for Goldman Sachs - where Daddy was a partner.
It is the most widely watched Cable network. As your article pointed out, they averaged 2.4 million viewers. In a nation of 330 million. So OP was a little off, the actual number is about 7%.
No, you don't. FOX is not a legitimate news organization. Full stop. They have no more business hosting a debate than the National Enquirer does.
Independent does not mean "in between these two parties." It just means "I don't identify as a member of either of these two parties." Someone left of the Democrats or right of the Republicans can also be an independent.
&gt;the rights enumerated in the Constitution cannot even be willingly given up. Fun fact: The word for that is "inalienable."
Pretty much this - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Player_Piano_(novel)
&gt;Rule 2: Instead of acting like humanity transcended stupidity (Roddenberry vision) My biggest pet peeves is this entirely too common misunderstanding or misrepresentation of the original allegory at the center of Trek. The point was never "humanity transcended stupidity." It was "look how stupid we are, and how far away we are from our ideals." The Federation in Trek represented what we could aspire to become if we could be better. The flawed aliens represented *our* flaws. It's not, "Hey these stripey aliens are racist motherfuckers." It's "hey *we* are racist motherfuckers but since that's a touchy topic we'll use fictional space men to approach it from a sideways angle." It's a contrast. It's "here's what we could try to be" contrasted to "here's the disappointing reality of what we are." It's not any less realistic a view of our challenges than the more literal "Berman" approach, it's just a different/less literal way of framing a story.
Eye exams are already a thing. The rest is a great idea that should apply to everyone of all ages.
Yeah, I feel like they should also get the "ten in row" credit since the only thing stopping Yellow Submarine was that #1 was already taken by *their own other album.*
Is that true?
It's not just convenience, babies are delicious.
Since at least ancient Greece and probably earlier we've been watching people act out stories. All television technology did it take any the necessity of going to a theater to see the performance live.
Are we really surprised after Trump called Christianity Today "far left?"
Clinton, because they can use the exact same justification.
The Stainless Steel Rat
Star Wars Episode X: OW! My Balls!
(1) Also old, and (2) also didn't like it when it first came out. Here's where we diverge. I tried going back and giving it a second chance about four or five times now and still can't stand it. It's the original "dark and gritty reboot" that threw away everything that made Trek Trek in favor of a cliche Space Opera. So obsessed with being dark and gritty that they made every character into an unlikeable asshole - including the two that came over from TNG. And so obsessed with "long arcs" they filled some of that in by playing relationship roulette with all the characters. Pseudo-military officers stationed together more obsessed with pairing off and hooking up than freshman in a dorm.
Oh, gotcha. So I give a woman "roofies" for some *other* reason, like to end an argument, then just conveniently happen to have sex with her while she's still under their influence, it's totally not rape then?
Hmm. She might be on to something. I think the first clue might be that time he openly and publicly admitted he's coordinating with the defendant.
What exactly makes you so sure they'd move all there money over they're?
I would consider them more "heavy metal" like Rebecca Black.
They literally just slapped together a pretty (and therefore expensive) POS that feels like you are literally just watching somebody play a game. Right down to random quest givers walking up and saying "I will pay you 100 coins to kill the monster!" I was in, IIRC, the 6th grade when the original "red box" dungeons &amp; dragons set came and my friends and I started playing. I also wrote these *horrific* short stories based on it. My descriptions of the action in these stories literally used game concepts. "Bookant swung his sword at the Carrion Crawler and did 5 hit points of damage!" I swear Netflix went back and hired 6th-grade-me to write this show.
My take on all of this stuff has changed over the years and through the many rewatches. Five was always my favorite season, but like most Buffy fans I also rated 2 &amp; 3 really highly and felt 4 was the weakest/worst season. Just finishing a rewatch right now (half way through 7). This time through I really found ALL the high school seasons kind of weak and felt like 4 was the turning point where the show really started to grow up and get good. Liked it a lot more now, including Riley and all the Adam/Initiative stuff. To steal a Star Trek metaphor, I now feel like "Riker grows his beard" after Graduation Day.
It also undermines the entire basis of representative government - that *we* decide who's election is in *our* interest.
Yes, it is true that those completely subjective opinions are "well documented."
Dark-and-gritty station Trek is least necessary of them all. Entire series could've lasted five minutes and taken place entirely in a meeting of a Federation Council. "Bajor is considering Federation membership." "Are they ready?" "Hell no. They're still squabbling and in fighting over religious mumbo jumbo centered around worshipping a nearby alien species." "OK, we'll check back in a couple of centuries to see if they've outgrown it."
Hm. I'd have to include Joyce and Ted.
Don't have any kids, but if ever do I'll name it The First Evil.
Yes, but not until three years after he'd left the show.
Number nine. Number nine. Number nine. Number nine. Number nine. Number nine.
Holy shit, a guy in prison says he's innocent? Stop the campaign immediately! He got a second trial (different prosecutor, BTW) and another jury convicted him *again.* I see zero Klobuchar scandal here.
OH! Then I am a Vegan. It's just not possible for me very often because meat is delicious.
It's not specific to Leroy. They should just do a full keyword find-and-replace where every single instance of "charge" that exists is replaced with "rush."
Have you *watched* ToS? I grew up on, starting with watching it in first run. Kirk was the *only* Trek Captain I knew for 20 years before TNG even existed. He is Captain humps a lot. Also Captain fist fight. Nothing wrong with that, but it's got nothing to do with "JJ."
Yes we are.
It's not an "instead of." If you start with a decent field of candidates you'll have at least a few finalists that all have merit. And *any* hiring process takes other intangibles into account beyond just straight up qualitative merit. Diversity is just another one more part of the equation. You get diversity *and* merit.
Yeah, but he killed Hitler, so he's alright.
They're just "telling it like it is."
Yup. God himself creates all the rules by which the Universe operates. So He creates a set of rules by which everyone gets condemned to eternal torment. Then He wants to grant forgiveness, instead of just doing it, the rules He created (which, apparently, He Himself is also bound by) require that He take human form as His own "son," then perform a ritual sacrifice of Himself to Himself to appease Himself so He can then move ahead with the whole forgiveness thing.
Tequila
Yeah, I think your last sentence pretty much nails it. He's a high school boy. If he wasn't somewhat self-centered, oblivious to other people's feelings and often a bad friend, it's be completely unrealistic. He's got true to life human failings. These same things are also often true of Buffy and Willow, but the show generally writes the forgiveness for their human failings right into the scripts. Take When She Was Bad - Buffy is an awful friend during this episode. Deliberately plays with Xander's feelings, etc. But built right into the script is the idea, "It's OK, she was still just freaked about The Master." Lost more examples in later seasons that I won't spoil of this "It's OK that [character] was an ass because [reasons]" trope.
Good ol' Rand Paul. Because nothing says "I'm libertarian" like defending authoritarian statists and attacking anyone who blows the whistle on big government corruption.
Or instead of the typical foaming at the mouth anti-government ranting, you could've just looked. https://microgrants.net/about-2-2/
ITT: Mostly really well-known movies.
Yeah, those TSA agents really did a horrible job securing this flight from England to Italy.
Does that really require a whole lot of "straight thinking.". You're upset over the deaths of your family and people. Now you find yourself in the past before any of it happened. Wouldn't your very *first* thought be, "hey I can stop it and save everyone?" Instead of, "hey, I'm gonna fuck with some people I'm mad at and just allow it all to happen again."
False. There is no "justice" when violent bands rove the streets terrorizing people. That ain't "justice," it's mob rule. There's another word for that, too. Starts with an "l". Ends with "ynching." Civil society - the absence of violence - is a necessary condition that has to exist before you can begin to work on justice. Otherwise it's just might making right. If your idea of "justice" is "superior force," then the current situation of cops murdering black men is also "justice." Don't quote your little wannabe anarchist comic books at me and pretend you've made a point.
Oh, I didn't realize we were required to embrace crime and violence because other crime and violence also exists. Here I am thinking murdering cops and looting arsonists are *both* violent criminal pieces of shit.
Who is "they?"
The people who are being victimized by these bands of violent criminals did not do those things. Unless, of course, you think it's perfectly OK for them to suffer vengeance for things done by other people who had similar characteristics. Social class, skin color. But if you do believe that, then there's nothing wrong with the status quo now, is there?
The looters aren't "Trump's talking points."
Decent? No decent human being has ever voted for Trump.
Is this a joke? Her full name, first and last, is literally *in* the lyrics.
"Following social media" is in no way shape or form a relevant form of research or authoritative information. I'm not saying that government can't and doesn't sometimes lie or bullshit. But "following social media" doesn't tell you anything.
&gt;innocent Out after curfew = breaking the law. So, not "innocent," then.
Stop trying to make "ALT left" a thing.
"evidence"
Nailed it. "Construction sites in major cities sometimes have piles of bricks. Obviously that's proof the police put them there."
Of course they did. It was all PR to begin with, and with the attention spans of the average Americans being what they are, eveyone's now forgotten that we're in the middle of a pandemic.
I don't know what's worse. That Trump is a lying a sack of shit, or that he's too fucking stupid to be a *good* lying sack of shit.
Yeah, a bunch of kids setting out water bottles is not a "medical camp."
Might want to double-check that before you go insulting other people's intelligence, champ. An insurgent *by definition* is someone fighting or revolting against *their own* government.
I finished S1 and it was awesome, looking forward to the rest.
No. MASH may have occasionally walked up next to the tank and looked at the shark, but never once from start to finish of the series did they actually jump.
Kids, did I ever tell you about this TV show called How I Met Your Mother?
So he's a "Christian" in the same way he's the "President?"
&gt;The ~~new~~ player experience kinda sucks because of Demon Hunter FTFY
So smart money doesn't read articles?
And the "small government, individual freedom" Republicans say . . . . *crickets*
I saw plenty of outrage over that, maybe you weren't looking in the right places.
So that includes FOX, right?
(Citation Needed.)
It's literally not censored if you can chose to see it.
Those two statements are not even close to saying the same thing.
&gt;Black people are not getting denied housing loans because they're black. That is literally illegal. Hey, everyone, I guess we can stop locking our doors at night. According to /r/sensualbrian things that are illegal never happen.
The only people saying that are inbred white supremacist trash.
Expecting people to back up their claims =/= misinformation. The properly sourced news article is should've been posted in the first place. But click bait titles over unsourced pics makes for much better karma whoring.
The anti-government anti-labor RW nuts will certainly love this. As has already been pointed out elsewhere, Camden's new "county police force" *doesn't report to the city.* The change is from "not enough accountability" to *no* accountability. They are for all intents and purposes *privatized* with the city of Camden as a *client.* And, hey let's disband unions and fuck labor while we're at it. Because a privatized force that grossy underpays and provides shit benefits is surely going to attract exactly the kind of quality people we need to address these problems. It'll be the Wal-Mart of police forces. In addition to the poor and minority *who live in the neighborhoods that need the most protection,* I predict the women of Minneapolis will be the biggest victims of this nonsense when the sexual violence goes through the fucking roof. A few years and we'll need a "Women's Lives Matter" movement to force the city to bring police back.
Caller: There's someone trying to break down my front door, help! 911: OK, but first could please assess his mental state for me? Maybe I should send a psychiatrist or a social worker.
&gt;the group most closely resembling "police" would only be sent out in specific situations (meaning they wouldn't murder people over $20). So, then, yes it would "work that way." A 9-11 call would now involve some sort of additional screening process to decide whether to send *actual* capable of protecting us or some kind some kind of glorified community service social worker. And if they get it wrong? If they send me a addiction counselor and my family ends up murdered are they liable and held responsible for that fuck up?
No, I wasn't. I was presenting it a bit humorously, but entirety serious about the core problem with this we call for a *force to protect is* and might just end up with some of counselor or social worker instead.
&gt;The new Camden department is Unionized. The new Camden department voted to unionize *later,* doesn't change the fact that the original union busting was *explicitly* promoted to save money by slashing benefits. &gt;for all intents and purposes Perhaps you're unfamiliar with this phrase? Is English not your first language? Yes, they are county employees. *County.* Or to repeat my exact words from above *they do not report to the city.* This makes control of the police even further removed from local residents. Then of course, there's all the private security guards the have to contract to compensate for the lack of officers. (https://www.nj.com/camden/2014/08/camden_county_hires_private_security_to_be_police_eyes_and_ears_for_city.html) Gosh, how else can we compensate for being ridiculously understaffed? How about we blanket the entire city with intrusive cameras that can see everywhere, including in many cases *into people's homes.* (https://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/camden-sky-patrol-camera-elicits-privacy-concerns/1984406/) And the fact that the new Camden County Police force has *more* excessive force complaints than the old one used to. Highest of any police force in the state. *Zero* of which their investigators have decided to sustain (https://www.inquirer.com/news/inq/complaints-rise-under-camden-police-20150425.html). So let's see if I have this "disband the police" thing right. We "disband the police" by defunding the police department and replacing it with one that's understaffed and underfunded and no longer under direct control of our city. We're getting rid of the police union, so that does address one aspect of this problem but in a way that also fucks workers. And is temporary, since the new officers have the same right to unionize everyone else does and nothing stopping *them* from bringing in the Fraternal Order of Police. Took the Camden Officers two years to do that. Now we've got the same old police department with the same excessive force problems the old one had. But it isn't run by the city, and is so understaffed it can't properly police the city without relying on massive electronic surveillance and contracting private security firms to patrol the streets.
Prosecuted is not the entire picture. Deterrence. Crimes that can be interrupted or prevented by calling in the cops. Crimes that can be interrupted or prevented because a cop happens to be in the right place at the right time. If you don't honestly think that all types of violent crime *will* increase if take the police force out of a city with 400,000 people in it, I want some of what you're smoking.
"Garak is the single greatest character ever written in the history of the English language!"
So just to clarify, you're saying the position "innocent people shouldn't be brutally murdered by the police" is "far left."
/r/enlightenedcentrism
It say it started w/WoD. Combination of garrisons plus the stupid fucking "mission table" that turned WoW into a Facebook game.
Not reading the fucking article just gives me ammo to mock you.
I'm sure you said the same thing about the "muh freedom" idiots protesting against public health a couple of weeks ago.
I am a progressive and don't pin this nonsense on me. When exactly did the rule of law and wanting to see citizens protected from violence become "conservative?" Police need *massive* fucking reform, no doubt, but this is just completely unrealistic fairy-tale shit being passed to score political points because the concept is trendy right now. But, hey, that's so much easier than actually doing the hard work to fix the problem, right city council? Make a grand symbolic gesture now and hope everyone forgets about it over the next year before it becomes a massive fucking failure.
Ah, yes, Camden. Where the new replacement police force is so understaffed they've contracted with privatized security forces to patrol their streets (https://www.nj.com/camden/2014/08/camden_county_hires_private_security_to_be_police_eyes_and_ears_for_city.html) and blanketed the entire city with intrusive electronic surveillance (https://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/camden-sky-patrol-camera-elicits-privacy-concerns/1984406/). All so they can have a new police force that gets *more* excessive force complaints than the old one did (https://www.inquirer.com/news/inq/complaints-rise-under-camden-police-20150425.html). Let's follow *that* model!
Historically illiterate FOX-viewing losers . . .
None of that changes the definition of the word "majority." You're just further elaborating on *how* the electoral system silences them.
I have a perfectly clear understanding of the fallacy that conservatives are whining about when they claim to be a "silent majority." They are neither of those things. You, on the other hand, have a blatant misunderstanding of the people you were replying to. The criticized the system. You responded with "derp derp we're a Republic, here's how it works." They clearly knew how it worked. You could've tried, for better or worse, to address the *substance* of their criticism of that system. You opted to go the pedantic route like you deserve a cookie for reciting a little factoid even though the person you were talking to *clearly already knew that.*
I wasn't to begin with, but if wearing my mask is also a resounding "Fuck Trump and every piece of shit that supports him," then I just have one more reason to keep wearing it.
I'm going to go buy it right now. IT WORKED!
If they could just remove all the rhymes and Demon Hunter BS, this adventure would be awesome.
He was wrong, you're not "part" of the problem, you *are* the problem.
Cool. So for your big claim that cases are "inflated by somewhere between 20-30%" your "credible citation" is a fact check of a viral Facebook meme of an unfounded conspiracy theory started by Republicans (big surprise) and pushed by Laura Ingram of FOX (color me shocked). And that fact check concludes? &gt;"Recent legislation pays hospitals higher Medicare rates for COVID-19 patients and treatment, **but there is no evidence of fraudulent reporting."** Now sit down, shut up, and stop spreading dangerous misinformation that's literally going to kill people.
&gt;You should crunch the numbers yourself and deduce logic yourself No, this is *exactly* why you are part of the problem. You should not "crunch the numbers" and "deduce logic" yourself. Are you an epidemiologist? And one that is *more* authoritative than the World Health Organization and/or The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention? No, you are not. Ever heard the expression "opinions are like assholes?" Your crunched numbers and deduced logic mean absolutely fucking nothing. Your opinion on this is just about as valuable as the opinion of a fucking Playboy Playmate on vaccination. (And just in case you have any illusions there - that value would also be absolute fucking zero.) I don't give a fuck if you're moderate. It's not politics, it's medicine. It's not a matter for uniformed opinions of every random idiot on the internet. So - until you finish medical school and spend at least a few decades as an epidemiologist *specializing* in pandemic spread, I will say again sit down, shut up and stop spreading misinformation that will literally kill people.
Yup, and these rallies are their no-longer-metaphorical drinking of the Kool Aid. Deal Leader ordered them to commit mass suicide and they all gleefully lined up to do so.
"Stop calling people who literally march around with Nazi flags and use racial slurs racist, it hurts their fee fees."
&gt;MOMMY!! NO FAIR! THEY GOT TA I WANNA TOO MOMMY!
&gt;The president was fuming at his top political aides Saturday even before the rally began after his campaign revealed that six members of the advance team on the ground in Tulsa had tested positive for COVID-19, including Secret Service personnel, a person familiar with the discussions said. &gt;**Trump asked those around him why the information was exposed** And right there is everything you ever need to know about this worthless piece of shit, not only as a President but as a human being.
Starting the coup he plans when he loses, and our so-called Attorney General is right there working it with him.
What you're describing basically boils down to "not being a dick." So, no, it's not horrible to not be a dick.
What the fuck are you smoking? It was all over the fucking news when it happened. And the cop who shot her was arrested, tried and convicted. Funny thing, though. When you're a white woman the entire country doesn't have to break down in two weeks of protests and riots just to get the murderer arrested.
What logos? Examples?
Sorry, English *is* my first language, what does "simping" mean?
Because they themselves *are* fucking morons. The guy is an unqualified idiot reality TV star who's literally been the punchline of jokes since the fucking 80s. There's never been a single moment, all the back to when the *idea* of Presidential candidacy first entered his tiny little brain, that *anyone* could support him for any reason other than stupidity and/or racism.
Implying Trump supporters think.
There are two reasons: (1) They have an understanding of the English language that sub-par for a ten year old and are therefore genuinely unable to understand that "X matters" does not mean "only X matters." (2) They are disingenuously *pretending* to be that stupid because it beats coming right out and openly admitting that they're racist shitstains.
Oh, look, you again. Your belief that any news item you personally didn't pay attention to means "tHe MeDiA dIdNt CoVeR tHiS" puts you firmly in category 1.
Except the right went off the deep end during the Clinton Presidency, too. The Speaker for House literally hinted that the military would assassinate the President if he went to a base. Oklahoma City. They were already batshit, Obama being black just gave them one more excuse.
^ Perfect example of the unbelievable levels of pure fucking stupidity responsible for this shit.
Because the deplorable pieces of shit got one of their own kind in the White House.
First half of username checks out.
It's a Stephen King adaptation, in what world do people not know about this?
I find that true browsing online literally does not exist. You need to input a search term, or click a link for a specific category. You need a specific starting point that revolves around a specific notion of what you're looking for. Then, no matter how they may lay them out on the screen, you're reading through *lists* rather than truly just browsing randomly to see what will catch your eye today.
Something like this is obviously all subjective. For me, every single thing on your list might, just barely, be a replacement for the thrill of watching paint dry.
&gt;Something like this is obviously all subjective. There may be plenty of replacements for you. Especially since you felt the need to add scare quotes to "thrills." Not necessarily for others. Hence my description of it as "subjective."
Fuck that. Suggesting that any artist, ever, be prevented from exploring whatever the fuck she wants to explore regardless of her race, ethnicity, etc etc is the only reactionary view here.
Cool story. I didn't respond to a comment by her. I responded to a comment by you in which you called the idea that an artist can freely explore cultures other than their own "reactionary."
Right on, bro. I have you have a Happy-Independence-for-Every-Country-in-the-World Day.
&gt;breitbart C'mon, you know better.
