I don’t follow.
&gt; upvote your post and proportionately downvote mine (dead giveaway) To be fair, anyone who disagrees with you will agree with him and vice versa, so proportional votes could certainly happen organically, seeing as the topic is so polarizing.
You can be fined if your dog isn’t tagged.
I think a lot of that is just the narrative that people are attached to. The “scumbag politician villain” is a trope that people are used to, but I honestly don’t believe it’s the majority rule.
I can’t tell him what to do, but if the room were mine, I’d optimize it for efficiency and hygiene.
A majority of people consider it all to be trashy.
https://media.giphy.com/media/5xtDarzp5at2qwSTYoo/200w.gif
I doubt that. Why would that be necessary?
It’s unfortunate that you can’t separate the two stories because of a similar starting premise. They made two very distinct points, and it sounds like It would’ve been better if you had seen the Black Mirror episode first!
I mean, her “friend” from the past came to see her, who she definitely had a connection to. It seems like someone would be able to tell that he made a phone call or spoke to the front desk to find out what room she’s in or something. The whole thing with the room service cart was kind of silly, and she had a body in the back seat of her car, which leaves physical evidence. I just felt like even without the insurance agents involvement, she would have been caught eventually. When she checked the GPS to see where the husband lives, she put her big fat finger print right on the screen, so she’s not exactly slick.
Headstand, actually.
Did you black out for 10 seconds?
What do you mean by “strapping up”?
ITT: “Ah, fuck.” -all women
What kind of sax?
Fun fact!
We do all have opinions, but you stated some things as if they were fact. For instance “this *never* ends well”. Well that’s just not true. You are telling someone who is headed to rehab that they are destined to fail based on a statistic that you made up. People have been forced to go to rehab, and have had it stick. Not all users are the same. We are all different people with different motivations and different rock bottoms. What works for one person isn’t necessarily what will work for another.
&gt; I've been forced into rehab enough to know That's you, and you aren't everyone. People have been forced to go and made it work. For all you know that could be OP. Even if it isn't, what would be the purpose of crippling his chances by ruining his mindset? That's my point. Even if you *are* right, what possible positive impact could saying it have? It seems very self-serving on your part.
How did this happen?
This made it a little easier for me to follow: &gt;So this morning I went to go cop, at like 2 am. I got my shit and I’m sitting in the same parking spot of the apartment complex I copped at prepping my speedball. So I blast off and decide I wanted to have just some coke in my next shot since ther wasn’t enough in the first one. &gt;So I’m makling this shot and some spills out of the bag onto my passanger seat and I’m cleaning up etc. This is all taking time and at some point I see a white guy with a longish hair he’s beard thats tatted up with long hair and dressed kinda fantsy like, He’s a few cars down but I’m fairly certain he can’t see my rig or anything. But if he looked into my car he would’ve seen me and the street lamp probbably gave him enough light to see a young, well dressed, clean cut white kid who doesn’t belong in the City named after an Indian, and who probbably lives in one of the nicer white towns a bit up north. &gt;So anyways I see him run from his car to what appears to be an apartment. I didn’t look too long though so I didnt see exactly where he ran too. He comes back a minute or 2 later with a cigarette in mouth and gets into his car. &gt;So while all this is going on I’m looking for my rig in my car and can’t find it so I open the door and step out to get a better view. The boy bagy was in my door and the wind took it out which blows massive donkey dicks. So I look for my phone and decide I want to start looking for the bagy and my shot can wait. I’m also barefoot which I’m sure looks sketchy as fuck. &gt;So I step out onto the parking area and start scanning with my phone but obly to no avail. I quickly noticed 2 cars which looked to be the county sherrifs sitting in the road with their lights pointed at the row of cars I’m in. I tried not to look like I was poanicking and running away so I continued my search acting like I belonged there and was looking for something I dropped. Then I turned around and walked like 3 to 4 feet back to my car to try and clean everything up. &gt;There was some coke on my seat and the passanger seat, freshly used rig, and credit card with white powder on it. I scambled to get everything as clean as possible before they come over to where I’m at wich is probbably going to be impossible. Lucky for me they probbably had some serious call going on since they just drove past me and a few minutes later I hear their sirens go off. &gt;So basically I think the white guy from earlier is infact an undercover since he was wite, fit, young, and dressed well. He ran out saw me in my car, rand back in and left and called his buddies in, who pulled up a decent amount away from me, but I’m sure they were looking directly at my head, wondering what I was doing. They were most likely looking for a reason to stop me and question me but I sat there for a few minutes since I wasn’t doing anything they could stop me for. &gt;Or I’m overthinking it and the 2 of them might’ve just been on patrol in the same complex in 2 different cars.
How about compliments? Cause you what they say; If you can’t say anything nice... 😘
&gt; It only says “done” because that piece was cut off from the original blister pack. There’s usually like 10 in one pack, they obviously cut them up into single blisters. I think he gets that because he asked &gt;What other medication ends in'done' He knows that he is only seeing part of the word, he’s just asking if anything else that comes in a blister pack might end in “done”.
How can you end the story without letting us know how you guys addressed the problem?!?
Nah, that doesn’t sound familiar, so I guess it doesn’t really matter.
Well that’s a name of a hit album if ever I heard one.
&gt; Just be careful with those... and enjoy 😜 See, I’m kind of new to this, but what can you do to be careful with them? From what people are telling me, the issue is that some are poorly mixed and may have a hotspot, which sounds kind of like Russian roulette to me. What can you do to mitigate potential damage?
Hey, I have that mouse. Unfortunately, that’s the *only* thing in this picture I have in common with you right now.
Why?
https://i.imgur.com/SmPF5cj.jpg
Oh for fucks sake.
So far the answers in this thread are telling the stories, without linking a picture of the tattoo. Can y’all just assume that we’re going to ask “can we see it”?
That’s not what he meant. He was explaining his mindset while he was watching the scene, and telling us he had conflicting emotions. On one hand, he wanted her to kick his ass, but on the other hand, he felt he deserved a better death scene than he would have had if she killed him then.
And the diecast collections!
I have some questions, and I’m asking them honestly because I don’t know. Which of these situations do you think is happening? Do you think that there is news that’s happening that isn’t getting posted? Do you think that actual news is being posted but it’s getting buried by the fluff posts? Or do you think that there is not much news during the week, but even in the absence of news the fluff content is discouraging? It seems that the best course of action would depend on which of these situations is prompting you to dislike the fluff content. If there is actual news that isn’t getting seen, then definitely something needs to change. If there isn’t much news to post, then the fluff content at least keeps the sub active, which is good for a thriving community. So what do you think is happening here, and how would you fix it? May be something as simple as tagging news related posts with a “News” tag would help. That way you could filter just the news posts, and you wouldn’t see the rest.
Yeah, OP said he’s tired of “wading through all of that to find the juicier morsels of info here”, but honestly on an average, say Wednesday four example, how many posts are there? It’s not like we are sifting through hundreds of posts. I think this is kind of a non-issue. Maybe we could use the tags? If people tag their news posts with a News tag, then you can filter and only see those posts if you’d like. That way everyone can still have their fun and their karma if that’s what they want, and people who are only looking for news updates can streamline their /r/NASCAR browsing experience.
Technically, aren't all avocado pits perfectly covered in flesh at some point?
Until I read this post, I had completely forgot that I had ever made a Tinder account just to check it out. Personally, I would never go out on a date using a site, it’s just not my style. However, I was curious to see what people were talking about since the site came up so often in conversation. I am now dating someone, and I guess if he found my Tinder account, it would look a little strange and I would have some explaining to do. My point is, the fact that he *has* a tinder account is not necessarily a reason to dump him. The fact that he *lied* about having a Tinder account is a whole ‘nother story. If you factor in his unstable living situation and tentative sobriety, he’s probably not in any position to be in a healthy relationship.
Tell her it’s supposed to be an Aleve, but it’s obviously pressed. You can tell because the A looks like an M. Sorry your mom got burned.
That’s kinda shitty to the really nice girl with a very real peanut allergy who tips well and treats servers like actual human beings. See, the shittiest thing that these fake allergy people have done isn’t even the way they treat the servers. It’s how hard they’ve made it for folks with real allergies, because they’ve “cried wolf” for an entire population of customers.
In their mind the assholes probably felt justified be cause “you had the *audacity* to charge them for a kids burger you *obviously* screwed up on.” The shittiest part of that though is even if they felt that was true, there’s no excuse for skipping out on a tab.
Oh, you said “stiffed me in a $67 tab”, and I took that to mean they skipped on it.
Too long =[
That was just as bad.
Quit being such a bran muffin.
&gt; Anything that identifies a specific location will be removed— this includes neighborhoods AND cities. Hey, just curious. That doesn’t include the “Fent pressed pill warning in WhateverCity, MyState!” posts, does it? I saw one very local to me recently and shared the info with some people of mine who might benefit from seeing it, so I thought that was pretty neat.
Did you just have a stroke, or did I?
Well, of course everything is to some extent a preference thing. Still, what is in fashion at the time does influence people’s opinions.
Hey, it’s this again!
Is this purely a cultural thing? It’s very commendable.
Well that was a bit of completely unexpected sadness, because my cake day just ended a couple hours ago. Edit: Wait, not yet? This has been a roller coaster.
I was pretty specific, but to be fair he likes ass movies too I guess.
How is that more to the story? The dad played the game at night and let the son reap the rewards, by giving him the spoils of grinding and letting him complete the quest. It was a special memory that he has now of his father. That’s the point of the post. I don’t know why you’re acting like you have some special insight.
How do I get one of those husbands that lets me stay home playing video games “a lot” while he works? And I get to call it “the least I can do” and “an act of love”? Sign me up!
Yeah, I know, my comment also references more of the lyrics from that song, and other frequent reddit comments. The whole song is about the “I’m too manly to admit I’m crying, so I’m pretending it’s something else” joke. The joke is a reddit staple in any heartwarming reddit post, and even though I’m getting downvoted, it’s still unoriginal and cliche.
It’s not.
The detail is beautiful! I feel like I wish that the back of his head wasn’t cut off though. It’s probably just a preference thing though.
I already forgot that I made that comment, and that’s actually my name, so I got a little freaked out when your comment was in my inbox.
The article says that the felony was for refusing to remove it. The gallery owner stood and chatted with police while waiting for the summons, but refused to remove it. This was calculated though. He and the artist had already decided ahead of time but he was going to take the criminal charges.He knew what he was getting himself into, but he’s passionate enough about this that he wanted to send a message.
I got confused about what sub we’re in.
They look tasty!
Yeah, and I know it was pretty close between the two of you, but she barely came out on top. Better luck next time.
Wow, shocking. You like *huge* breasts that are real better than fake ones. I guess all those girls with breast implants should’ve tried harder to have real huge boobs instead.
Or a gaming mouse. What?
I think they would. I mean, if you’re literally showing a picture of a gaming mouse and saying “*This* isn’t a gaming mouse”, I think you can tell there’s some gatekeeping happening.
Absolutely! Alfred, Bernard, Arthur, Clarence, Earl, Norman, Wallace, Harold, Wilbur, Edgar, Willard... Really having fun with these!
Well yeah, everything is going to be easier to find if you organize it on shelves.
This isn’t a case of a person forgetting to switch accounts. This is a case of OP meaning to reply to a funny comment on his post, but accidentally replying to his own post instead. There is another comment in that same post where he does it again. [Someone called his content a “recycled post”, and he accidentally replied to his own post instead of that comment.](https://i.imgur.com/TyKyBKz.jpg) As a matter of fact, check out the original post. Someone points out the situation to the person who accused him of “forgetting to switch accounts”, and he commented back “Oh”.
I see why that would be an issue of course, but how does our body prevent us from sneezing in our sleep?
Well if that’s your perspective, then you can’t really expect your system to work either. You aren’t going to “feed the world” with skilled hunters. Your skilled hunters will feed their family, just like my family farm will feed their’s. If you are talking about feeding people on a mass scale, then you aren’t really giving any suggestions either.
crickets*
Check out /r/goldfish for more Info before you continue setting up. This is from their sidebar on setting up your new tank and sizing. &gt; Fancies such as ryukins, orandas, telescopes, moors, ect tend to be smaller than their single tail cousins. This allows them to be kept in smaller tanks. The general recommendation for fancies is 20-30gal (75-113l) for the first fish and 10-20gal (38-75l) for each one after. A great starter tank for fancies is a 40gal (151l) for two fancies. This lets you keep these social fish as a pair while staying above the minimum tank recommendations; having a tank larger than you need makes keeping the water conditions good easier.
Keep in mind that the holding tanks at fish stores should not at all be an indication of what the fish is going to require for permanent housing. The tanks are almost always way too small and overcrowded. Compare it to heading to a shelter to adopt a puppy. The puppy is in a small cage when you meet him, but obviously that is not what kind housing the pup is meant to spend his life in! Also remember that when you look to buy fish, you’re typically looking at babies, and that doesn’t give you any idea of how big they’re going to get or what kind of space the particular breed needs. You need to research the fish you are looking to purchase in order to know that.
/r/BadWomensAnatomy
&gt; I think my real issue is that these people are starting to become a defining trend for Star Wars’ fanbase, that is to say this is the kind of thing people will associate with them. I just don’t see that. I think it’s just a vocal minority on the internet, same as any other fanbase.
He did. He used Benoquin, which is an FDA approved treatment for the condition.
Any idea what happened? This doesn’t look at all like a dead tree. What would cause a live tree to spontaneously break in half?
Can’t tell if your title is intentional or ironic.
You know satire is only allowed on weekends, right?
No, it wasn’t. It was literally a response to the “racist” joke. You can see in your pic what it’s a response to. I think you’re confused on how the comment chains work. He is saying that her eyes aren’t open in the original pic, and then he shows a pic for comparison and says “nice try”. Edit: [Here’s another look. You can clearly see he’s responding to the joke.](https://i.imgur.com/D0dzPHu.jpg)
I don’t know what I’m looking at.
Why would that be a woosh? Do you really think that *most* people know what some random NPC in a video game is by name?
I haven’t been in this sub long, but I imagine this must happen from time to time?
Nah, they covered that in the rule too.
Yeah, for sure. That doesn’t fit the content there at all. If mildly/r/interesting lets screenshots on their sub, it quickly devolves into “something interesting I found on the Internet”, and there are already *hundreds* of subs devoted to that kind of content. As it stands, the sub has a niche because it doesn’t allow reposts or screenshots, so all content is something interesting that the user found out in their daily life. And with those rules in place, the sub is super busy all the time.
He started with “family/families”, then shifted to “day/today”.
Yeah, I think it’s the fog and the cloud line both that make it feel like it’s sliding to the upper left. In actuality, the horizon may be perfectly level, but in the end I suppose it only matters what the effect is. I would rotate the whole thing as opposed to trying to change part of it. I think the whole photo looks good when it’s rotated a bit. As far as the colors and lighting, I wouldn’t change anything. I really like the way this feels!
/r/ShittyFoodPorn
Well, yeah.
I tentatively do not believe this was an accident, and I’m not angry about it.
Ah, I’m gonna warn you, that’s not gonna cut it for a product list, and your post will probably get removed. I hope you fix it cause it’s pretty. Edit: Yay, that will work!
That was a joke...
This happens to me *every single time* I recommend a place when I go out to eat with my parents. The matter what it is, my dad who loves to eat, has an under cooked/overcooked bland nightmare of a dish.
Ooh, that sounds fun.
The article *doesn’t say* that there aren’t any warnings, you made that up. The article specifically says that “**no checks are made on the age of the users**”. The article is completely correct, no *checks* on the age of the users is made, they can lie and say they are whatever age they want, and no one checks to see if it’s true. No one said anything that was bullshit.
Yep. This is from the article OP posted. &gt; We found that the game can be easily downloaded for free – requiring no email, address or identification details from users. &gt;After installing it gamers are told that it is “not suitable for children or those who are easily disturbed”. &gt;However a message then follows: “By playing Doki Doki Literature Club, you agree that you are at least 13 years of age, and you consent to your exposure of highly disturbing content”. &gt;Users then simply have to press “I agree” in the centre of the screen before it begins. At no point is the age of a gamer verified. There is no bullshit on the articles part. They tell you *exactly* what happens in the game as regards to the players age. https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/6638858/doki-doki-litearture-club-mum-warns-suicide-child/
Oh screw you man, why’d ya have to go and say that?
Oh why not, [it’s been 48 hours.](https://reddit.com/r/BlackPeopleTwitter/comments/8ugo2m/just_missing_the_superman_s/)
OP is a spammer and full of shit, by the way. https://i.imgur.com/ampt04m.jpg https://i.imgur.com/l8HNoQr.jpg I’m sorry you tried to help him, and I appreciate your good intentions!
I don’t understand the question. I thought I explained it pretty clearly. What did I miss?
Yeah, like I said, I ran up the stairs and flung open the door.
Yeah, but she was already charged with manslaughter, so this is already being taken seriously and investigated. This is just an upgrade to the charge, and a charge which is also harder to prove. There was not really a question of whether or not there would be charges. She was off duty, entered a man’s home without cause, and shot him dead. This was never going to be swept under the rug.
Oh, that’s heartbreaking.
But this wasn’t a police shooting. She wasn’t in the house on any police business or because she had any probable cause to investigate as a police officer. Her explanation for entering the residence had nothing to do with the fact that she’s a cop. When cops shoot people typically, they use the excuse that they were acting in the capacity of their job, and they say they were justified because they have a duty. In this case, no one could possibly write this off as “*well, she was a cop doing cop stuff, so she’s off the hook*”. This was a home invasion where the perpetrator happened to be employed as a cop, and there was no way she was going to be able to hide behind her badge.
That’s up to interpretation I guess. One might say that the bow helps the arrow meet its full potential and hit it’s goals. The bow could be the supporting force at home that allows the arrow to accomplish great things in the world. Either way, both of them are pretty useless without the other. I mean, you really can spin it any way you want.
For those asking if it’s two arms on the same person, it isn’t. It was cropped from last time it was posted here, but [it’s two people.](https://i.imgur.com/jeLG67E.jpg)
What’s your beef with him?
Parents don’t stop worrying about just because you’re legally an adult.
Guys have thicker body hair, and that includes lashes.
I would imagine that a fan blowing on your food would cool it off too quickly. Maybe it’s as simple as that.
And that’s the problem. They’re trying to make this like every other sport, but it’s not. It’s a race. We don’t pair off teams against each other every week to decide which of the *two* is better, we throw all the teams in the ring at the same time. A playoff scenario doesn’t make much sense when it comes to determining the best of the year, but it creates excitement because it adds uncertainty. The reason it adds uncertainty is because someone who isn’t the best of the year can take the title. So the options are that we can have a points format that is fair but potentially boring, or a playoffs format that is exciting but potentially kind of bullshit.
Inconceivable!
You can’t prove that. I drink water, I’m not dead.
I didn’t realize what sub I was in, and thought the jerking up and down in the gif was part of the joke.
It’s been around a long time, and when it was new it hadn’t been done as much.
If that’s *the one thing* your dad was able to teach you, you had kind of a rough childhood.
The disturbing part of this story is that you actually went back a week later.
It’s the sentences that vein with “But” and “And” that kill this for me.
And how many lives are you saving while you’re there?
This is not a “good example of how to handle a lunatic”. This is a good example of how to create a video for internet points.
In the glovebox, a shockingly huge pile of losing scratcher lotto tickets. Thousands of dollars worth of $10 and $20 tickets. I’d never played one worth more than $5, and only rarely. He had occasionally won pretty big and I was surprised at how lucky he was, till I got a better idea of what kind of odds he was running. I brought the tickets into the house and we talked about it. A few month later, the glovebox monster had been replenished.
Why did he stop spending the summer shirtless after his boys grew up?
Not originally. Bastards.
I mean, unless you had great parents, or didn’t fit any of those stereotypes.
Honestly, I grew up a white girl in a pretty decently sized city, and I don’t relate to any of those characters either. All of their parents were abusive in some way, while mine were loving and supportive. I don’t fit any of the stereotypes they portrayed either. I can relate to *all* of them in a very general sense as kids in high school navigating their teen years, but I don’t identify with any of them in particular.
Nah, that has 90’s written all over it.
Then you missed the point. All of them learned something from each other, and stepped outside of their stereotype at the end of the movie.
How is that FTFY? That’s what he was talking about.
You would do well at my house. This is how I do steak.
That sounds like my husband. He is in awe of all of my “fancy kitchen gadgets”, none of witch I spent more than $5 on and consider to be staples.
I don’t think much would have happened that was life threatening. Ovens are made to cook stuff for hours at a time, like the pork butt I had in there for 8 hours this week. The pizza wasn’t going to burst into flames, and it wouldn’t smoke for very long before it just became a carbon frisbee.
&gt;yet they still ~~cook~~ rehydrate ramen
So we all pulled out our pitchforks for nothing?
Damn, this turned in to a beg-fest real fast. Y’all need jobs!
Who is "their"? This is a bullshit tabloid site. Are you expecting journalistic integrity on a site that reports that a woman in Nebraska gave birth to an alien baby after she was abducted?
Yep. Another OP Facepalm right here.
What’s the point of this question if there’s no downside?
I am just sitting here reading the play-by-play of people laughing. I hope this is a good use of my time.
Abased on your downvoted, I don’t know if I believe you.
Already posted a little before you. No one ever checks.
Someone should call bullshit on the article for making up a fake headline. No one ever claimed the costume was a real robot. He was just entertainment for the kids.
&gt; I hate when someone brings up a modern problem and everyone is all “things were so bad back then, you don’t know how good you have it” as an argument not to fix the modern problem. If the tweet had said just said that we are living through a modern problem, and then people chimed in to say it used to be worse, you would have a point. That’s not what is happening here at all. The tweet specifically says that it is the worst now, which is a claim that people can argue is factually incorrect.
No one is saying that.
Fucking fat bastard.
Not really no harm done. It’s invasive feeling to have someone reading what you wrote with an expectation of privacy. If the person is doing nothing wrong, it’s shitty to make them feel that way. I have certainly sent messages to my significant other that I would feel embarrassed and violated if they were read by anyone else. This whole post just kind of reeks of self-righteousness and smugness. Especially coming from a crowd that is typically so against having their privacy violated. You’re saying that “if he's wrong then literally no harm is done”, which is like saying that it’s ok for the government to spy on your computer, as long as you haven’t done anything and have nothing to hide.
I did too, and now I can’t figure out what that thing is.
My eight-year-old wants me to donate $100 so that she can get a T-shirt.
That’s not exactly an equivalent analogy. I’m not sure what parallel you’re trying to make.
( o )( o )
That’s asinine.
Are armadillos particularly known for that? TIL
Then this really is more of a /r/ThatHappened. From another thread when this was posted: &gt; One of the things a customer signs when buying a used car is printed straight from safercar.gov. It’s an acknowledgement that the car they’re buying has no open safety recalls, and prints with the “not a robot” box intact. Almost everyone will check the box without question if you tell them to.
“Could be worse” is hardly ever a valid excuse for much of anything.
I like the idea of silicone because it seems like it would be easy to clean without hurting it. I just have no experience with that material, so I don’t know how insulating it actually is.
I’ve been scrolling looking for others! I clearly remember sunrise, when Phish stopped and the loudspeakers played Here Comes the Sun.
Even the 18 hour traffic jam was fun. I remember pulling in finally, in our van with the big sliding door on the side, and having a couple cops surprise us by flinging open the door. My little brother was sitting behind me rolling joints on a frisbee, and we all froze and shit ourselves. The cop glanced at my brother and grinned and said, “Man that’s fine, we’re just looking for firearms and fireworks”. I knew we were driving into a different world at that moment.
Weird. You should do an AMA.
You shouldn’t be. You didn’t miss much!
It just baffles me that there are people who choose to be offended by someone for wishing them well. You are literally telling them that you want them to be happy, and they’re saying “no, I’m going to stick to being a miserable shit, thank you very much.”
I want you to have a great Christmas, Christmas Eve, New Years Eve, New Years Day..... That’s a bunch of holidays that I hope you are happy on, not *just* Christmas. So have a happy holidays!
How do they formally park cars?
Or you can comment on them. It’s totally up to you.
Sure, with that attitude. Are you saying you are unable to think of any screw that would have any effect? Surely you can be more creative than that.
&gt;I feel bad now So, I just told you that I felt bad for picking on you, and two comments later you repeat the same thing back to me. You really *can’t* reddit without copying what other people say, can you?
Well, Summerie’s not a word, it’s an actual name. But it’s kind of odd to throw a random W into a real word. Its not like a clever spelling, it changes the way it’s pronounced and makes it sound like baby talk. I kind of get the impression that you thought it was spelled that way. I think you probably had this name for years, and the whole time have been pronouncing “delve” the wrong way because you thought it was supposed to rhyme with “twelve”. I think that when I asked about the typo, you took a lot longer than usual to reply because you were looking it up. I know you’re not going to admit it, but just know that I know.
So DelveDeeper was taken but you liked it, so you thought “Hey, I’ll just throw a random letter that doesn’t make any sense in there!” Nah, you’re full of shit. You really thought that’s how the word was supposed to be spelled and pronounced. If you google “dwelve deeper”, you’ll see a couple other people who made the same mistake. I bet today is actually the first time that you realized that you have been saying that word wrong, and have had a typo in your name this whole time. Sucks, doesn’t it?
Ya know, just in case.
Please explain?
[Is this the same guy?](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.thedailymeal.com/eat/fast-food-employee-feeds-disabled-customer%3famp?espv=1)
Oh, year that’s who I meant. I’m guessing this is a regular thing.
It's likely better not to bother with it. It has to do with mods deleting posts about Emilia Clarke's charity, something they say has to do with the topic's affiliation to another GoT related sub? Now this whole sub is backlashing, and saying the mods removed it because it's a charity, or that they don't like charities, or something that makes them evil I suppose. None of it makes much sense to me, but the show is over, and this sub isn't any fun anymore anyway. For me that has more to do with the comments than the mods, but only because I don't care about drama, I just wanted to chat about the show.
Geeze, reading through the comments of this post, I can't imagine why it would be removed. I haven't seen a single comment about the show or even the charity.
Yeah, I'll agree I'm not a fan of being bit. I've had several snakebites over the years, none of them venomous, but none that I would willingly repeat. Except maybe the one that I saved from my cat.
What's your point though? "They can't help it, so lets do nothing"? As you said, there are people who choose not to act on it and those who do. We should do what we can to protect children from the ones who do.
It is when you leave this forum open to children. That's an incredibly self-centered point of view.
Well then I’d probably take a bee like a champ. I was stung 4 times at once by yellow jackets, and it was rough.
To be fair, that rule exists for a reason. He could have just reported it and moved on though. Commenting served no purpose.
Well that’s definitely it how we’re supposed to learn from each other and grow. It’s disappointing to see someone so convinced that the are right, that they will block out any differing opinions, even when they are presented respectfully.
Disgruntled, perhaps.
Breaking the first rule in the sidebar is also kinda mildly infuriating...
Well, they aren’t gonna just give you the answer. Really though, that irritation is supposed to goad you into playing.
But then I can’t have kittens in my bathroom.
What about the liver, with some fava beans and a nice chianti?
I guess I more meant if you did eat exactly the same, would you notice a difference in your weight. Or more specifically, how many calories does it cost to own and operate a leg?
What happens is, “an interested buyer” gets your IMEI number, then says never mind. Then they post their scam ad or add for a blacklisted phone, and give out your IMEI number so that the people are checking and seeing a clean phone. Nothing happens to you, but it’s shitty for the other guy, and also why you can’t always trust IMEI’s that sellers give out.
Honestly, the hardest part for me is how much I jump when a strike happens out of nowhere. I had a medium sized boa when I was younger who really had no warning signs at all. I’d leave her alone when I was supposed to, when her eyes were clouded and whatnot, but she’d still lunge from time to time. She never hurt me really, but I never got used to the surprise. A little white vinegar will also get them to release by the way, if you don’t have alcohol handy.
I love white text on black. I reddit on Apollo that way all the time. It feels easier on my eyes.
I’d still consider it rape though. She was definitely in a situation where she was not going to get out without having sex, and was at the very least coerced.
The title breaks rules six though. Basically “Guy on an inner tube”.
Sure, but I’ve seen kittens who were flea infested, who looked just as unhappy with the same treatment.
I’m not sure. Are they pulling up the sod to sell it elsewhere, or are the prepping the land for something else? I don’t know what constitutes “plowing”.
Every WWDC makes history in one way or another, either by not living up to expectations, meeting them, or exceeding them.
Remember, it’s harder for some people to come out than others. It’s not just about personal strength and courage, circumstances matter. Some people know they will come out to loving parents who will promise to always cherish them no matter who they love, while others will have to leave the house and can never come back. Some people have friends that are a support system who went through the same thing, but some people are alone and will lose everyone when they show them all who they really are. Everyone’s story is different. Don’t judge anyone on how much or little they hide. Just be an ear for anyone who needs one. Help everyone be as comfortable with themselves as you can, and let them show the world on their own time.
I get that, but you would think someone who was able to pry that much money away from people, would have some kind of charisma. This guy seems to be the opposite of that.
My point is just that sometimes, something happens that we don’t realize, or that they misunderstand, and they fault you for it.
Can you show me a pic of what you’re talking about?
OK, but we are trying to figure out why they’re called ”chips”. What other kind of “chips” are there that are long and rectangular? When I think of the word “chips” I think of circular medallions, like poker chips. That seems much more in the shape of what we call potato chips, and you call crisps.
What I don’t get in what you just said, is how the word chip describes a long rectangular thing. In what other instance does the word “chip” refer to something shaped like a small plank of wood? The word “chip” to me makes me think of a medallion that is circular, like a poker chip. That seems to me closer to what Americans call potato chips, then the thick cut french fries that the UK calls chips. I just don’t see anything chip-like about what you describe as thick cut fries.
Yeah, but “chip” doesn’t just mean a piece of something, it’s more specific than that. Chipping is an action that knocks a piece off of, or out of something, and the chip is the result. You said that it doesn’t have to be any particular shape, but I would argue that it *can’t* be certain particular shapes. For instance, Chips/Fries are sliced potatoes. They aren’t pieces that were *chipped* off of a potato, they are a potato that has been cut into strips and fried.
Wrong sub.
Mine is poop shy. He won’t even acknowledge that he poops, and hides in the guest bathroom at the other end of the hall. Till now, I didn’t know how lucky I was.
Probably not. He’s only had this for a month, and he’s picking low hanging fruit.
Everything you just said confirms why it shouldn’t be manslaughter.
Just tuned in. Why is Kyle Busch so far back?
They say that all great journeys start with a small step, and that is true. When you look at things as a whole, they can become overwhelming. When you say “I need to change my life”, that is too huge of a task to take on all at once, and you can end up doing nothing. You have to break it down into manageable tasks. The first step may just be to identify the beginning tasks. You have said that whenever you try to start working out or reading, it all falls apart. Looking at it that way is what is defeating you. For instance, if your goal is to read every day, and you miss a day, you can’t say “oh it’s all ruined now!” You have to get away from that mentality. Nothing “fell apart”, you just didn’t read that day, and it should have no bearing on whether or not you read the next day. Treat every day as its own set of goals, and you will see them start to add up. Video games can become a crutch. They are a fantastic time waster, and they are engrossing enough to keep you from thinking about your goals or failures. One day turns into the next, and then weeks have gone by and you’ve done nothing but play. You know that there are other things you should be doing, but quitting video games cold turkey is harder than it sounds. Maybe try to discipline yourself with a reward system. Read or work out to earn time to play your video games. That can help in the transition, and often you’ll find that the reading and working out slowly becomes more important to you than playing the games. That’s what I did, and I ended up gradually outgrowing the 24/7 World of Warcraft addiction without even caring that I was quitting.
Would Washington have a good reason to turn him in if he figured it out? Washington seems aware that the man was an abusive drunk, and he seems thoroughly impressed with Thomas. It’s possible that Washington would be worried that his daughter just married a man capable of murder, but it almost feels like an exception would be warranted in this case.
Does he work at a snowman construction company?
Also, rubber bullets are very inaccurate.
Of course there’s really no way to prove that. You may *know* it’s true, but it’s easy for someone to say that the reason they are upset when they hear Spanish, is *because* of the illegal immigration work situation. I suppose if you lose your position to people willing to accept slave wages who speak Spanish, then you will be upset when you hear people speaking Spanish. It really wouldn’t matter whether the person speaking it was legal or not.
You’re going to have to explain that one. Illegal immigrants are people who come here illegally. How does my comment not cover them?
Depends solely on the conditions you are leaving, of course. Many would consider staying in their home country to be a death sentence anyway.
I usually see it saying “that’s as ridiculous as when people do this *other* ridiculous thing”. People are familiar with the other ridiculous thing happening, so they are able to associate it with what you were talking about.
Gotta fix the typo and repost.
What do the parent's do about it? You'd think that if I can't walk through security without worrying if I have a suspicious look on my face, someone screaming about being "sold into slavery" would get a hard look. If not, then there is a serious airport security personnel issue, and I can't imagine how talking to them in private would be much better.
The concept of a long tongue might be interesting, but I’ll admit, it’s not a good look.
These were pitched on Shark Tank once. They weren’t picked up because the grease had to cool before you could use them.
It’s definitely reproducible. For instance, if you squeeze a bag of liquid with an elongated hole in it, you’ll get a spiraled stream.
Little dead snails.
Weirdly worded title. Why not just “A crow ate this apple, formed a dome in the center and avoided the skin”.
Huh?
Yeah, your title totally made it seem like the “woman” who was denying was the bullshitter. You can’t edit titles on Reddit. But something like “ProWestlingMag falsely accuses...” would have been a better start to your title.
It would’ve been nice if they had included more clear proof in their screenshot of proof.
Yeah, but if you read the facts of the case (not some article), some of the five *did* have blood and dirt on their clothes as well. Having an unfair trial is not the same as *actually* (not legally) being completely innocent of any wrongdoing. We would all prefer that they were completely innocent, and that this lady is just an evil racist bitch, but I think there’s more gray area in the story than that.
But the facts of the case say that there *was* blood and dirt on some of the five’s clothing. Where did you get that there wasn’t? Do you have a source?
If I eat steak every Tuesday but I still call myself a vegan, am I a vegan? I’m sure vegans would say “Well she’s no true vegan”. Would you say that they don’t get to define what vegan means? The actions of vegans define them?
No, not at all. Those are brand names that became associated with a product so strongly, that the brand name became synonymous with the product name. That’s completely different than arbitrarily calling one car the name of another car. In your analogy, all cars would be called Mercedes. I’m not saying that you call every car a Mercedes because it’s the most popular car. Completely different concept, and beside the point.
That’s the joke.
The only show that I’ve seen in recent years that was threatened to be canceled because of an offensive cast member was Roseanne.
The my/me typo is my favorite, because it always gives the comment a voice in my head.
I’ll help. TLDR: Buy cook beer after work. There, I took out 19 words for you.
I used walnuts in my question, but interestingly enough, it turns out that a lot of pistachio ice cream is made with almond paste instead of pistachio paste, because it’s cheaper. They use the almonds because apparently they don’t taste very different, and they food color the product green. Apparently most people can’t tell the difference. [here is a screenshot, because this particular website on mobile does not let you copy text.](https://i.imgur.com/C70MWuP.jpg) [Here is a link](https://link.medium.com/svQ31gMCxX)
I’m getting pretty tired of the “earning app” commercials on YouTube.
Definitely a neat place. It’s a testament to how interesting it is that you both decided to take this picture and share it.
This is pretty unimaginative trolling. There’s nothing new or novel here. What’s the point?
He could set it on a scale? Even then, he could’ve poked a little hole in the bottom and covered it.
Yeah, but our rivers got alligators in them.
Seriously? How does it not drive you nuts?
That’s going to go over real well...
Oh, that’s true. I don’t know what I was thinking.
I would imagine, the fact that there are a lot of them.
Well, to be fair, no one can reproduce on their own. *Everyone* needs help from the other sex.
“He doesn’t think they’re good enough to post, so I’m hoping Reddit will show him some love!”
Yeah, I don’t think the guy in the post or OP read anything but the title, and then misinterpreted it.
It looks a little low for “perfectly aligned”.
It’s a nonstop trip.
Well, for one thing it’s not just asking someone to turn off their alarm, it’s waking a stranger up from a sound sleep. In this case, it also means walking past five rows of people who decided not to wake him up and ask, and then reaching over the guy sitting directly next to him who also decided not to wake him up and ask. You’re asking me to, in an unfamiliar environment, assume that I know better than all those people who are sitting there not waking him up.
Absolutely, I definitely agree with that. The problem was that the emergency sprung up fairly quickly, and it was impossible to get a last-minute flight that wasn’t going to be several hundred dollars per ticket. So I had to go to one of two extremes, when I would’ve preferred an average flight at a reasonable price.
That’s good information. It doesn’t have any bearing on my situation, but hopefully somebody else reading this thread will be able to use it someday.
Yep, I looked it up and it is definitely related to the gears of mechanical clocks! &gt; When the snooze feature was invented in the 1950s, mechanical clocks were all the same on the inside. Hence the teeth of the new snooze gear had to be able to connect with already existing gears in the mechanics. The choice was to either set the snooze to 9 minutes and a few seconds or a little more than 10 minutes. Back then it was said that a snooze time of 10 minutes would be too long because people would be able to drift back into sleep.
Oh, I did do an update on a couple comments in here. It went off finally at about three something, and I’m up assuming it’s because the battery died, cause he never moved.
I don’t know a whole lot about ulcerative colitis. I’m assuming it’s a situation where you are down to the last second?
That would fly in the face of the campaign though.
What’s so confusing? They saw the name of this sub, and thought it might be a good place to ask a question. Mystery solved!
&gt; Seems you missed that one. Not at all. You said that you were confused, and that was *before* he made the “got it now” typo. I asked you why you’re confused, and you said it was the spelling. You couldn’t have been confused by the spelling if the comment had not been made yet. Can we just admit that you were trying to be condescending so that you can feel superior?
I don’t really understand your criticism. She seemed like the obvious choice to me. And I felt like it added something having a Disney kid playing the role. I really didn’t find her acting to be horrible either. I thought the doll was a little over-the-top vulgar when she first snapped out of it, but that could be blamed on the writing or the direction.
Thank you. We are trying to stick it out, but I’m not sure what I’m doing. He’s so detached from anyone close to him, so charming to anyone he meets, and so good at moving on with his day when he leaves heartache in his wake. He lies like it’s natural, and I buy it because...I don’t know why. I don’t want to leave. It’s embarrassing, but I don’t. Watching Mad Men this time around was like knives in my gut.
This was removed because it’s not out of focus. It’s a software edit, which makes it violate rule 4.
Not if she started the fight. The shooter was another woman, and the article says the mother started the fight over the baby’s daddy. Sounds like the other woman might have been defending herself. If you start a fight while pregnant and get shot by someone fearing for their life, it kind of makes sense that you would be responsible for the situation that killed the baby.
I think it says it’s because she attacked the woman who shot her. While 5 months pregnant. I think she was on the run. Doesn’t sound like someone who had her unborn child’s best interest in mind.
Don’t feel bad. [It’s the title of a video.](https://youtu.be/mJ0VGTAlgqk)
Some people aren’t even depressed at all. They’re just addicted. I’ve known people who took painkillers for fun and developed a physical dependency, then bought some crap pills laced with fentanyl and died. Or tried to mix Coke and Oxy, and didn’t realize when they had done too much. Point being, not everyone who is physically addicted to a substance is also depressed.
Not to mention the number of times people will point out that not everyone who ODs is depressed. Some people just like drugs.
Sure, that’s one. There are others too. I’m just saying not everyone.
I have never been to a gender reveal party that expected presents. If anything, they all had activities and treats for the guests. The baby shower is when the gifts were expected.
Sometimes they combined the two, but the baby shower is usually much further along in the pregnancy, when the sex of the baby is known. It’s helpful at a baby shower to know if you’re buying stuff for a girl or a boy. The gender reveal is usually a fun little get together where the best friend of the couple plans some kind of a surprise way to tell them if they’re going to be having a girl or a boy￼. Typically it’s something like they open a box and either pink or blue balloons float out of it. They’re just kind of fun because you get to see the couple get excited about what they’re having.
I don’t know. It looks exactly like a cactus. If he’d said “believe it or not, this is not a cactus”, I would’ve understood.
Aww, man.
It’s not uncommon for someone to empty their gun into someone, especially if they are scared. Self defense is a bit complicated. You’re not supposed to shoot to “stop” someone, you’re supposed to use deadly force, and only when it’s needed. In other words, if you’re not intending to kill the person, you shouldn’t be shooting, and if you’re shooting, intend to kill them.
Just as bad as anything on /r/WeWantPlates.
Those were my biggies too. The Challenger was the first event in my life that taught me that there were events that were bigger and affected more than just my little corner of the world.
His theory is, the higher the level of celebrity or power, the more people that will clamor to accuse. So a reality star unpopular president will likely get 22 to a bishop’s 1. It breaks down when you consider how likely it is with Trump though.
I can’t see the rig at the top, so I wonder how much of the day is spent upsidown.
Then they tell you to “relax” if you call them out on it.
And gathering there. An open plan kitchen that views into a living area is important to me, so that I’m not isolated while preparing a meal for a family and friends get-together.
Look at you! You have a baby! ...in a bar.
What?
This looks like it’s had some photoshop work.
https://i.imgur.com/Li53A9q.jpg
It’s a ridiculously immature sub. A good number of posters there are actually just people who aren’t old enough to have kids yet, so think they’re part of some childless club.
Not really old enough to be considered underrated, or rated at all yet. [“This comment that happened just a few minutes ago is completely underrated!”](https://i.imgur.com/WT2b4pL.jpg)
That’s a great example how you can end up where you’re supposed to be, even if you didn’t know where you were going.
I bet there are so many stories like this that “The Greats” could tell. Some people know exactly what they want to do from a young age, but I think that’s more rare than most young people believe. So many people feel lost and jealous that they didn’t have a “calling”, and they are stuck and afraid to do anything without one. The successful ones keep moving forward no matter what, and eventually land where they fit.
It’s dirty and sneaky. Downvote me all you want, but it’s a crap move, and you know it.
Yeah, her channel is definitely geared towards kids. My 9 year old thinks she hung the moon. She’s a really talented contortionist though.
Yep, this is the answer. It’s a poor format that Amazon sends out.
Well now I want to know where.
That escalated unnecessarily.
Yeah, but is he TA for telling the boyfriend, I think is the question.
What’s this “we” shit. Got a turd in your pocket?
It still works.
What about you?
There are many kinds of formalwear, but dresses are bridesmaid formalwear. If her sister needs her bridesmaids to wear bridesmaid dresses, then OP probably should step down as a bridesmaid.
It’s just clothing if you’re wearing it. To the bride, it is a set piece meant to match.
But then we wouldn’t get to see his joyous dancing around. Or everyone here would make fun of him for being so excited and not playing it cool, without knowing why.
You mean the one that responded to me?
Where in the world are you getting that?
Made me think of the stocks of a pair of rifles in places.
I think the point he’s making is that ties are not allowed for very valid safety reasons, so it says something about him that he said “fuck it I’m gonna wear them anyway”.
He said he’s sorry about the white trim, but he couldn’t afford oak. If he could afford oak, it wouldn’t have been white. Just curious, how did you read it?
Welcome to Tik Tok.
Some context would help. Is this worldwide? Where did this come from? There’s a lot of info missing.
But you said that the other guy *had* to have copied yours because you edited the two photos together, but I see the same edit 4 days ago on the insta you credited.
I keep seeing this posted, but never in the right subs.
I agree that only about 1 in 5 shows are good, and so would my brother. Of course, he’d probably pick a different 1 in 5 though than me, and our mother would pick yet another 1 in 5. That’s kind of how it works. If I enjoyed all 5 out of 5 shows, then my mother would probably think that everything they do sucks.
Wolves don’t eat *cooked* chicken bones, which splinter into shards when chewed.
Dogs or wolves, neither are able to swallow cooked chicken bones. Cooking the bones changes the consistency, and makes them splinter into shards that would be dangerous for either a canine *or* a human to swallow. Humans have evolved to cook their food, and along with that came the knowledge to not eat the altered bones that were left over from the cooking. While dogs may now be evolving to be able to eat cooked food, they don’t grasp the understanding not to eat the bones. Those bones were fine when they were eating raw food, but you can’t tell a dog that “the bones are *now* dangerous because we cooked them!”.
Ham bones too. Rule of thumb, don’t give cooked bones to your dog at all.
It’s the worst feeling! We went to Easter at a friends house, and they had cupcakes sitting on a table. Some, but not all of the cupcakes had a plastic kids toy stuck in the icing on top. Our big Black Lab, Jake didn’t come with us, but the host of the party packed up three cupcakes for us to take home for our daughter who also wasn’t there. We set them on the kitchen counter, and all went to change out of our clothes, and came back and they were gone. Clearly our guilty-faced dog wolfed down the three cupcakes. We called the host, and she could not remember for sure, but was kind of convinced that she gave us three cupcakes that didn’t have toys on top. I spent the next week and a half poking a stick in his poop making sure that there wasn’t a problem. A whole *month and a half later*, I was outside with Jake. All of a sudden, he started heaving, like he was going to vomit. After a few convulsions, he spit up a tightly wound perfect ball of green grass a little bigger than the size of a baseball, covered in slime and bile. It didn’t seem to bother him at all, and he walked off. I used utensils pulled the nearly solid ball apart, and in the middle were three plastic kids toys, off the top of the cupcakes. He had those sharp pointy things in his stomach for about 45 days, and kept eating grass to wind around them, until he was ready to spit them up. I don’t get it. I don’t know how he knew he was supposed to eat grass, and I don’t know how his stomach knew to keep coating the toys. I went from being worried that I should go to the vet when it happened, to eventually satisfied that I didn’t go to the vet since over a month had passed, to eventually upset again that I probably should have gone to the vet, but got lucky.
I bet your vet is like 90 years old, and practiced way before any modern technology. Or, and this is not your fault, you are in backwoods country and your vet has no access to any modern information. Because it’s right there! You cannot dispute it! The evidence of the issue is in multiple x-rays all over the Internet!
&gt;“[Uffizi by Touch](https://www.uffizi.it/en/special-visits/uffizi-by-touch)” is a tour specifically conceived for blind and visually-impaired visitors. At the moment it includes about 20 artworks belonging to the Uffizi. &gt; Visitors with visual impairments are eligible for free admission upon presentation of adequate documents at the ticket office of the Gallery of the Statues and Paintings of the Uffizi. Also, they will be provided with a pair of disposable latex gloves with which they are allowed to touch the sculptures so as to feel the main features of the material and discover the relationship between the “solids” and “voids” of the artwork. &gt;Nearby every artwork are supports with panels both in English and Italian, accessible both to blind and to partially sighted visitors. The braille texts have been printed by Stamperia Braille of Tuscany. The contrast of print which aims at easing the texts’ readibility has been realized with the support of the Education Department of the “Italian Union of the Blind and Partially Sighted”. The text in braille, printed on a transparent sheet, may be lifted from the support so as to ease the reading for partially sighted visitors too. The stands which support the panels are easily recognizable.
This was a good-looking dog, even when he was at his worst. You could clearly tell that he was a beauty.
That’s not how forums work.
For the sake of argument.. &gt; During a time of peak tensions with the US when they’re launching missiles, logically there should have been a period of time where everyone’s wondering if the US shot it down. I mean, that’s a reason to come out quicker with info that you’re 99.9% sure of, but would normally reserve until after a full investigation under a normal climate.
&gt; figured it enjoyed a territory of about 200 square feet. Where was this zoo? Do you have any idea what 200 square ft actually looks like? I don’t doubt that the enclosure felt small, but that has to be an exaggeration.
Yeah, a /r/QuitYourBullshit standard.
I’ve heard both, but “snicker” more often.
&gt; the circumstances regarding his death are truly insane What part is unbelievable?
I’ll be in the hospital bar.
Yes, I understand that what you described is the necessity for listing sources typically. What I am asking is, do you really need to list sources for something that is widely accepted as true? Aren’t there facts that you don’t need a source for, because you have accepted them? If not, others have listed viable sources, and if you need some more, I can comply. But for fucks sake, some things should be a given at this point.
Not at all! Your post history, specifically the subs that you post in and the questions that you ask, are pretty gross and disturbing. [Here are three examples of you being pretty ick.](https://i.imgur.com/k3D0610.jpg) These are all posts by you.
Why?
It’s one of those downvote “novelty” accounts that isn’t very novel.
I was just in another post about a police officer giving a homeless man a dog shit sandwich.
Bottom 4 comments all day the same thing, ha!
12 hours later, no one has answered you, and I still don’t know.
That’s great, but it would also be awesome if Walmart would just do this.
If you just keep saying that....nothing actually. Nothing happens from just wishing.
Yeah, but if you get good, you can charge people for it.
I actually have a sneaking suspicion that the people in the pic are trolling too.
I know that this probably seems unimportant, but it’s something I was thinking about. We had a house fire when I was about 20, and my parents lost most of their stuff. This was in Florida, and there was a mad scramble to rescue whatever we could from the wreckage before the typical torrential downpours of Florida came, and the compromised roof allowed the rest of the things we owned to be ruined. The rain would absolutely be a blessing in areas that are still hot, but I wonder if it just adds insult to injury when they come down in an area that was already cool, but damaged.
True, but you *can* try to avoid giving them more stupid ideas. And especially tagging those idea as “badass” because they happened to fly once.
That’s kind of a dumb question. She’s cute, she knows that her art will get more attention if she’s in her posts. I don’t think she’s even pretending otherwise. She knows how to market herself effectively. It works, because I recognized her posting style before I recognized her painting style.
Yeah, it worked in this case, but also there is literally ground brush with leaves in the picture that hasn’t even been burnt away. I think it’s safe to say that this is nowhere *near* as bad as it can get, and probably shouldn’t be advertised as a good method.
I was talking [about this stuff.](https://i.imgur.com/4jFIs8H.jpg) Big leafy stuff like that is pretty delicate, so I figure the house can’t be too bad.
NTA Oh fuck them. That’s so damn obnoxious. And I’m glad you let them know.
For the uninitiated, what thread are we talking about?
I think that’s the one that is *most* commonly used as an example of the Mandela Effect.
Any chance of a followup? I'm having loosely similar experiences, only mine only last a couple minutes, and make me feel like I'm going to faint.
I remember [the days before thumbnails](https://i.imgur.com/MY6MSwp.jpg) when that was a fun gag.
That’s so strange! I just finished watching that episode myself, and I was *way* too angry to think it was funny. She really did flush her shot down the toilet, and betrayed everyone, especially Susie, who gave her the chance. It’s so interesting to me that two people can have such opposite reactions to a show, but both still thought it was fantastic!
We don’t even know what the assault was or who did it. He may have gotten into a fight at work or school. His family wasn’t supportive and that sucks, but without knowing anything about the assault, it’s strange to jump straight into asking if it was reported. It seems like “who assaulted you, and what happened” would be the logical place to start if you want to know more about it.
That was my take on it too. For sure.
I think some other people in this thread interpreted it as OP getting assaulted by a family member, but that’s not what they said.
What makes you think the mom is Scottish, when we are only hearing from the Dad?
OP says that the last text is because he moved out in the middle of the night while everyone was sleeping.
That’s because there isn’t any context. The texts about the printer are a year and nine months before the final text. They don’t have anything to do with why OP got cussed out, he just didn’t edit them out of the screenshot.
Look at the dates on the texts. Those schedule texts were a year and nine months ago. The last text has no context.
&gt; because in my mind, assault means physical violence resulting in serious injuries and/or mental trauma. Spitting at someone isn’t assault. You are incorrect. Spitting is assault. [Here is just one example.](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-crime-spitting/yes-spitting-in-the-face-is-crime-court-rules-idUSN0727718920070309) you can Google for a bunch more, if you’re interested. Although you have your own definition “in your mind”, assault is just unwanted contact, or even just threatening unwanted contact. In some states, threatening to hurt someone while walking toward him with a clenched, raised fist would constitute assault. Back to my original point though, it makes no sense to ask if an assault was reported, without knowing what the assault was. she may have gotten in a shoving match at work, and her parents believe that she instigated it. We have no way of knowing because she hasn’t told us. Whether or not it was reported isn’t really the question here, and jumping straight to that is the reason why they were downvoted.
I feel like I’m taking crazy pills here. If your friend came home from work and said, “my coworker really pissed me off today”, how would you respond? Would you say “did you report it to your boss??” Or would you say “really? What did they do?”
It is easily the only reason I can’t raise one. I can’t imagine such a short time with an animal that is so intelligent and affectionate. I can’t put myself through that.
Come on down to Ken’s Ass City!
&gt;A 4 pound box of spaghetti for about $5 An 8 pound bag of dried pinto beans for $6 A 20 pound bag of rice for $9 I'd change out the spaghetti for something to add a bit of flavor to the rice and beans, and just live off that. Maybe dollar store bacon bits, or cheap dried soup mixes that can add flavor and variety? And with rice and beans planned, if I stumble into 5 bucks along the week, I can grab some cheap kielbasa sausage or some other protein on sale, and have a better version of the meal for a night. Without sauce of some sort, I don't know how I'd use plain spaghetti noodles without feeling like I was just choking down dry empty calories anyway. I like spaghetti as a staple, but if you don't have a dollar to your name, the noodles don't do much for you alone. I'd rather eat a bowl of plain rice than dry spaghetti noodlesI think.
I would guess that the phrase may have been the inspiration. “One camel through the eye of a needle? How about nine!”
No, nine rich guys going to heaven.
Rich guys.
Maybe. Or maybe just sees the beauty in their own mother, which is understandable. You’d really have to see more portraits to know if that eye applies to everyone.
That’s my complaint. I am very new at this, so I’ve been looking stuff up on YouTube. It only took me about two of their videos to decide I’m not a fan, but every sous vide term that I search for brings up a bunch of their videos.
Thank you very much!
Yep, the reddit effect in all its glory.
Although both of the first and middle initials are A R. But it’s two different banks, and the years are pretty far apart. Maybe this was all a joke using two dead cards, and she got married at some point?
[With sound.](https://youtu.be/aYLFqecwYME) I think these are the Grandy twins.
Why do you keep posting shit and then deleting it?
I don’t know what his deal is. He keeps posting pictures, commenting who took them, then immediately deleting the pictures. I can’t figure out what his angle is.
The scream that came from her was heart wrenching, and also the fact that there was so much riding on him winning added weight. It didn’t help that it was a particularly gruesome death, but that one made me feel physically ill. I’ve rewatched the older seasons, but I have actually never seen that scene more than once.
In some older texts he has posted, they say he’s a “druggie” too. I hope OP is collecting evidence from these texts, and it probably wouldn’t be a bad idea to be able to pass a drug test if one is sprung on him at some point.
Like at least a third of the posts in this sub.
&gt; she isnt only crying, she is saying things like “you dont care about me” to directly make him feel guilty. Sure, and maybe she actually does feel that way. We have no idea what else goes on in their relationship. All OP has told us about is a couple instances that were trivial that they disagreed on, which make her look either manipulative or insane. But there might be some larger issues between the two of them that are more serious. Maybe he *does* discount her feelings often. Sometimes people act out of frustration about these little insignificant things, because the big things are harder to face head on. I am a crier too, and I know I have definitely cried over something that seemed insignificant, but it’s not what I was really crying about. I probably looked insane to anyone thinking that I was crying over where we went for dinner, but I was actually just in a very emotionally abusive relationship, and that was harder to admit.
Wall sitting? That was even a punishment when I was in PE in elementary school.
Im not arguing your vote, I’m trying to understand your vote. Why are you saying that he shouldn’t show it to them without permission, but you are also saying that he is not the asshole if he does? If the kids come over and he sneakily shows it to them without permission, is he the asshole or not?
How is that different than what I said?
This makes no sense. If she needs the money for her medication, and she doesn’t want her mom to find out, what’s the difference between having her mom send her money and having her mom send *you* money later in the day. No matter what she’s going to end up asking her mom for $50, whether it is for her pills or to pay you back for her pills. Why would she need you to be a middle man if she *really* actually planned on having her mom pay you back? My guess is that her mom would not be paying you back, and she knows it, but she figures she’ll cross that bridge when she gets there.
So, at 20 years old you are sleeping in because you’re hungover, and rudely calling some lady who is at work “irresponsible”?
That’s one difference between you and OP. You and your SO clearly have a much more discussed relationship status than OP does with theirs. I get the impression that OP has not been dating this person very long, so when they showed up with an “engagement ring” on the engagement ring finger, the person they were dating thought “I wonder what that’s all about?” And maybe OP‘s SO *is* concerned about what his friends or family might think if they see that. What if OP posts a cute picture of the two of them on Facebook, and then all of a sudden they are getting inundated with questions about their engagement? maybe he just doesn’t want to deal with that. We have no idea what kind of a history he has that might make it uncomfortable for him. Maybe children that are barely comfortable with him dating again. Who knows?
Not only that, but the soda came from the passenger side, where she said that the kid was sitting. It’s pretty possible that the asshole kid threw it out the window, and the mother ended up with nasty soda all over herself and her car. She may have been in the midst of yelling at him for littering when she got a soda slammed in her face. As someone pointed out earlier, if I was giving a friend a ride and he threw a soda out the window, I’d be pissed and he’d be getting out of the car right then to pick it up. But if someone threw that soda back at me and all over my car interior before I could even deal with the situation, I would flip out. I’m feeling like ESH is appropriate here.
&gt; You’re 19, so you don’t have to listen to their rules. What? You can be 55, and if you’re living in someone else’s house on their good graces, you *do* have to listen to their rules.
I’d recommend getting some /r/LegalAdvice just in case. I don’t know if you can just refuse to pay, even if they broke to contract.
I’m sure at almost 30 years old, her moving out is on everyone’s mind. It’s pretty possible that her mom is sick of supporting her adult daughter who has a smart mouth. OP makes it sound like this is all on her unhinged mother, but you can tell from OP’s writing that she’s incredibly immature for as old as she is.
&gt; On the other hand, it sounds like you don’t have any reason to suspect bad grades other than stories you’ve heard from your friends. Did you entirely missed the part where he has lied about his marks in the past, and has needed supervision in order to stay motivated?
NTA for not going to get him when you were over the legal limit, obviously. As to whether or not you have an alcohol problem like he’s claiming, who knows? But for the question that you specifically asked, it’s obvious that you’re not the asshole, and shouldn’t even need to be asked.
Read the first sentence, went back and checked the name.
How is anyone any more “good at this” than anyone else? You could post a video of any song, and 45 seconds in switch it to a Rick Roll. People would be surprised and annoyed. That doesn’t mean you’re “good at” Rick Rolls, right? Pick any thread in /r/rising that you think will probably keep doing well, begin to write a comment that’s a lie, then switch to a “rick roll” two sentences in. Then sit back while everyone acts like you did something difficult.
Are they the same guys who say they hate breast implants, but aren’t able to recognize non-pornstar natural looking ones?
When she had two she went by Eileen.
Nah, it was better. It went from “*oh no! cycle*”, to “*you no cycle!*”
I agree!
&gt; And he’s asking for a free account instead of making one and waiting 30 days. What’s wrong with that? If someone has one they aren’t using, waiting a whole month seems silly. I’d agree if he started turning down accounts that were offered because he didn’t like the usernames though.
Kicking you when you’re down? You’ve been posting about this same issue for months, about 40 posts now! In all that time, you have made zero effort, and just make excuses when you get solid advice. Seriously, something is not right here. What are you getting out of making the same post over and over again? Why are you fishing for pity? Learn the language or don’t, but if you’re not going to even try, then nobody should have to listen to you complain about it several times a day.
When does it show he’s an FBI agent? I couldn’t hear that part.
He’s not FBI though. He said on Twitter that he has no idea how that rumor started. It’s probably a clickbait title someone added and OP copied it. This video is a year old and he was already telling people on Twitter that the FBI claim was a rumor long before this post, so it wasn’t OP.
They didn’t arrest him though. They detained him, while they checked his identification. Once they cleared his identification, they released him immediately.
Except he isn’t an FBI agent, and he had plenty of time to show his ID while he was baiting them on. I don’t know if you watched the video that shows everything before they cuffed him. Let’s be honest here. He could have identified himself instead of escalating the situation, but then he wouldn’t have this cool video to post. They believed that he was the person they had a warrant for, they detained him while they checked his identification. Once his ID cleared, they let him go immediately.
&gt; as long as he didn’t refuse to id himself Did you watch the source video? They question him because they think he’s someone else who has an active warrant. He won’t show his ID, so they finally detain him and check. He was fucking with them because he knew he wasn’t who they wanted. He could have shown his ID, and he would have never been cuffed. The second they see his ID and know he isn’t who they want, they let him go.
You just honestly have no idea what you’re talking about. You’re making up all kind of stuff that isn’t remotely legally accurate. Such as “If a request to show ID was never made before he was cuffed, your entire defense falls apart”. You pulled that out of your ass, and it’s not at all true. You have to understand how the legal system works. Nobody guides you by the hand and shows you what you are supposed to do. The system is there to fuck you. They don’t need to specifically ask you for an ID. They established you are a person of interest, if you would like to get out of that, show some ID. Imagine you were taken into custody and questioned about a murder. You know for a fact that you have a rock solid alibi that would eliminate you immediately. Are you just going to sit there and not say anything about it because they didn’t *specifically* ask you if you have an alibi? Of course not. If you have an alibi that eliminates you, or you have identification that clears you, you show it and you go home. There wouldn’t even be a reason to write in a law about cops having to specifically ask you for ID, because who would be stupid enough to not instantly produce ID that clears them? You can call me bootlicker, or whatever fucking names you want, but I’m sure as shit gonna know what needs to happen if I get stopped by the police, and you can cry “it’s not fair, your case shouldn’t hold up!”
Of course. I would assume that people in this sub already knew the phrase’s history. It’s definitely a joke in the Evil Dead movies. I don’t know if you have watched any of Farscape, but they pay homage to their sci-fi predecessors on a regular basis. I guarantee that this was a shout out to Ash.
Seems more honorable to *deny* yourself a cigarette to this.
Without being too specific, if that concerns you, would you mind giving me a general idea of where this happened? If not, I understand, but I am definitely wondering.
Any idea what he was doing before the smackdown?
Just curious, how many people came back and checked with you because of the reminder that they put on themselves?
How do you *not* stop in after seeing that? Even your wife would understand.
Oh, that scratched the itch!
Just a heads up, this is a photo from the Woman’s March, so he is fine as far as we know. I would not be surprised if he was out with his sign again though.
In a word, “yes”.
How have I never heard anyone coin the term “Swagneto” before!?
I would probably go to Australia. I have been told several times that they treat their women like shit, and as a woman, I apparently really go for that kind of thing.
You don’t know how much you’ve got. You could drop dead instantly!
You are talking about things that are in a later episode. A lot of us go into the threads after every episode, and we are expecting not to hear anything that we haven’t seen yet. At least maybe add spoiler tags, and a note that says that you are going to comment spoilers for a future episode.
I mean, you can always just not answer.
Reminds me of the *helpful* advice to dry out your wet iPhone by nuking it in the microwave for 45 seconds.
That was my take as well. I remember him saying that he would rather be invisible and away from people.
Yep! My husband is the good twin! Hard-working, takes care of his family, usually pretty even-tempered. His brother is a full-on drug addict and petty thief. He stayed with us for a couple weeks last year, stole my car in the middle of the night, got hammered and totaled it, and just left it by the side of the road to avoid a DUI. It took us a week to figure out who towed it to what lot. They are identical twins who have had nearly identical childhood experiences, but could not have ended up more different.
Yeah, I see that now. I swear voice to text is handy, but sure can make you look like an idiot.
It’s warmer than usual.
Her skin looks lovely!
Sounds like he will, and he wants to know when the masks will be gone so he can go in again. Edit: But of course this sub is going to bend over backwards to make the guy sound like an asshole, even though he just asked a question.
But there isn’t an emoji or any additional frantic punctuation. Just a “When are they coming off? I don’t like them.” I think people perceive a tone because it was posted here with a title that makes him sound like an asshole. Even if there is a tone, I don’t see how it fits this sub. He isn’t begging for anything. He wants to go spend money when the masks are off.
My kitchen tools and cookware were like that.
Sports can be a *huge* deal for high school and eventually college students. Whether or not you get that position on the all-state team may mean the difference between a scholarship or not being able to afford college. My boyfriend’s son just finished a four-year education at University Miami and didn’t have to pay a penny because he’s a track and high jump star. His little sister seems to be following in the same footsteps, so we can clearly see why an even playing field is important. You call it petty, but do you have any idea how many successful athletes would be flipping burgers or crushing rocks if it weren’t for that “leisure activity”?
I don’t see how it’s fair to end biological women’s place in sports by letting biologically superior people compete, while pretending that there isn’t a difference. You would definitely see an increase in the number of trans women athletes, because it would be an easy ride. How is that fair to a young woman vying for a scholarship in track and field, who grew up in an underprivileged community with no other means to pay for college? Some of our most famous and successful women athletes were able to use sports as the avenue to better themselves. You would just be taking that away from them, and handing it to trans people. I’m all for equality, but that doesn’t sound equal at all.
There is also research that suggests that even after suppressing testosterone for a certain amount of time, having had testosterone through puberty makes permanent changes in your physiology that gives you an advantage. I just don’t see how we are going to be able to balance fairness and equality. I’ve yet to hear any suggestions that don’t favor one over the other.
It’s clearly intentional too. There was no reason for the creator of this gif to rotate the orientation from landscape to portrait, and then compress it to fit?
Or, you know, you could have them compete with people who are more biologically similar? Since the separation of men and women’s sports is *not* about the social or gender aspect, but about the biology. You don’t let a heavyweight beat down a featherweight because he “identifies with being a smaller person”. Ignoring the biological advantage over women that biological men have, is equally as stupid and cruel. And what good is the full sprays they get for winning gonna do them? That’s like patting your 23-year-old son on the back for playing in a Little League game and kicking all those little kids asses. And yes. I definitely think it’s terrible to tell kids that their dream of being an athlete is a “pipe dream” and that they shouldn’t pursue if they want to. If only someone had told LeBron James [or any of these other athletes who came from extreme poverty,](https://www.thesportster.com/entertainment/15-athletes-born-into-extreme-poverty/) maybe they wouldn’t have wasted their lives! No, you encourage them, but give them the tools to succeed even if it doesn’t happen. You know, like a college education? Which they get in exchange for their hard work in sports. It’s almost like someone planned it to work out that way!
It’s not a defense, it’s an accusation. They are accusing them of lying, and giving their theory on the motivation for them doing so.
&gt; I told you the name of a peer reviewed scientific study. Search for it in scholarly articles on Google and read it. I looked for NATSAL, but can’t find the figures that you quoted anywhere. &gt; Or search for other scholarly articles on percentages on sexual orientation. I did that as well. And the figures that I found, were 4.5%. But you said that my source you didn’t believe in. I found a bunch of other articles, but most of them refer to the Gallup figures. &gt; It’s not my job to do your leg work. It is so irritating when people pull this. They throw out a figure that is ridiculous, and then when you ask them to back it up they say it’s not my job to research for you. Then don’t throw out ridiculous figures. One in ten people are not gay.
He’s the man who soiled the world
&gt; Edit I wrote 4 and 5 ?? Just a heads up, a weird note about reddit list formatting. You could’ve put 9 and 9, and it would have still done 1 and 2. You can go down a list and just type any for all of them, and it will automatically number them.
&gt;He always ~~made~~ **makes** me smile.
Well if you have the subtitles on, the bunker door shuts, and they are sitting there crying, and you continue to hear “Mom Screaming”.
The impression that I got was that she was keeping him docile so that he would stay with her and not miss his family too much. Remember he woke up sad on his mother’s birthday, and she firmly reminded him that the past is in the past.
That’s actually kind of what I was thinking, because when he was asked what happened to his eye, before he was cut off his hesitation to answer almost seemed like embarrassment.
Thank you so much! I’m going to read through this and see if it helps. Regardless, I really appreciate you taking the time to look into it.
I’ll look at that. It’s an Aegis Solo, and I don’t know anything about the pin. Thank you, I’ll check into it!
Come on, *and* you have top comment? I bet you had trouble deciding which one would be the post title.
I got it. I pasted the link in in chrome for iOS and it gave me the option. It doesn’t seem to play nice with my feed it client, but this worked. Thanks for your work, looks awesome!!
Oh, is that all?
I thought this was the same post. I know this exact person was posted a week or more ago. I remember because there were a bunch of body shaming comments.
Ooh, I like you.
Can’t Help Myself You know, the “Sugar pie, honey bunch”
What makes you think that they didn’t?
Just a heads up. I originally watched the show on IMBD on my iPhone, and there are two or three commercials that are unskippable and timed. Same goes for my Amazon Firestick. I imagine that a Roku or other dedicated streaming device would be the same. When I happened to switch to my laptop using the Chrome browser with ad-blockers, there were no breaks, just straight show with no interruptions or introductions. It may be the ad/popup blockers that are fixing it, I don’t know for sure.
He came close to snagging The Revenant from him too. Talking bout bear fight, bear fight, bear fight.
[Apparently someone did.](https://i.imgur.com/OBbktrk.jpg)
What is the point? Are they meant to keep cars out of the bike lane, because in the pic you can see that they don’t.
They were actually pretty nice to him until he started fighting. Even when they knew he was drunk. He said something about having just visited his mothers grave, and they said “man, I’m sorry about that.” It was shaping up to be a routine DUI arrest.
I didn’t realize there was sound till I read your comment. Definitely adds to the drama.
&gt; Against this backdrop, the Waorani victory in court stands out. Nenquimo told me that, the night before the verdict, she dreamed about the case and woke up feeling confident that they would win. She carried her spear to the courthouse, as a symbol. “In my blood, I felt my grandfather, and my other ancestors, who protected their territory at the tip of the spear,” she said. When the verdict came down, she was overwhelmed with happiness. “We have shown the government to respect us, and the other indigenous people of the world, that we are guardians of the jungle, and we’re never going to sell our territory.”
NTA I guess, But what would be the point? I’m sure he knows that you shouldn’t work sick, and if he had any other options, he probably wouldn’t have. Usually people complain that their boss is making employees come in sick, but I haven’t really seen anybody talking about how the boss worked even though they felt terrible themselves. Sounds like he tried to suck it up and bite the bullet instead of threatening and demanding that one of his employees come in. Unfortunately sick workers are a common problem in the service industry. People can’t afford to take time off, and shifts must be covered, so people end up working sick. And the entire staff gets sick. It’s terrible, but it’s also terribly common. If this was something that really bothered you, you should’ve brought it up at the time, or during the following week. To sit on this for months, just so you can go tell him off now that you quit, seems kind of spiteful and vindictive.
Was this is an isolated incident, or was your mom regularly an asshole?
That’s what I was thinking exactly. I expected that to be more of a “it was all they had to give, and that made it the present that meant the most to me to this day.”
My daughter wants one. I have a feeling you’re a bit older than she is.
Yes, some of them are definitely purely decorational!
Oh! So it wasn’t so much about the fact that you were seven, it’s that you never really liked him to begin with. And thank you!
Are you predicting, or are you familiar with the outcome of this particular story?
Neither of those drug or alcohol users would alone explain that kind of behavior.
I know, but how much effort are you going to expect from people to check? Look at how many upvotes this title got, without anyone checking the validity? I’m happy just to catch people who are *intentionally* lying for karma. I’m not gonna spend too much time calling out people who pass on bad information just because it sounds cool.
I thought about that too, but it seemed like it was too on the nose.. Could be wrong.
Thanks!!
*That’s* thinking outside the box!
That was pretty much exactly how I hoped y’all resolved it. Happy endings are so very, very welcome right now, thank you!
Yes it was! She was so much fun! I was so sad to hear about her passing.
Subscribe!
Sure. They have three kids to feed and clothe. Since they hadn’t been split long, I don’t know if she had filed for child support yet, and they may not have been getting along when she initially applied for assistance. She wasn’t working, and they never mentioned what he does for a living, or whether or not he can afford to feed the family without assistance. Regardless, he was clearly there for the legal proceedings, and they’ve since managed to move back in together and have another kid, so it’s pretty evident that he hasn’t disappeared. I wonder if the fear of having the state take the kids is what brought them back together.
I see what you did there.
It’s just delaying the inevitable at this point.
I’m reading the book right now. Look at this line I just found. https://i.imgur.com/UFr37oO.jpg If you are following recent police shooting events, that is oddly specific and relevant.
It’s interesting that the spider book is relevant right now. I’m reading John Dies right now, and look at this line I just found. https://i.imgur.com/UFr37oO.jpg If you are following recent police shooting events, that is oddly specific and relevant.
Microwave for 30 seconds? I’ve been microwaving for 5 minutes and it’s still not working.
/r/photoshopbattles played with [this one a couple days ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/hd43zy/psbattle_giving_trump_a_wave/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
&gt; pensive cigs [Cigarettes that are deep in thought and reflecting?](https://i.imgur.com/hHRlydP.jpg)
a~~n~~ YouTube channel*
You didn’t cover any usernames. On a sidenote, you can tell from his other comments that he was trolling.
Stephen Colbert said it’s not a surprise. The only thing the drivers do is turn left.
Enforcing a dress code isn’t wrong, as long as it is uniformly applied.
So why would the person that you responded to “be in the wrong too”? If both of the kids violated the dress code, and both of the kids were turned away, what would be wrong with that?
They were already on their way out. That wouldn’t have helped. The right thing to do would be to let this family eat with an ass-kissing apology and something complementary.
It depends on where you live I guess.
Several times over.
What are you talking about? I don’t think you understand how sponsorship works.
Yeah, they got their wires crossed in the article here. Josh Wise also drove a [Ford Fusion for Phil Parsons Racing](https://i.imgur.com/Xs2oKmW.jpg), but this was a Chevy.
There was plenty of support and donations from /r/NASCAR too. The two subs came together quite a bit throughout this, most of the important posts were cross-posted. During the race, all the dogecoin people were invited to come participate in the /r/NASCAR race thread, because they needed some help following the action. /r/NASCAR might have even gotten their sub name on the car, but since /r/NASCAR isn’t sanctioned by NASCAR there was some kind of a restriction about using “NASCAR” in the design.
A post bringing back a memory from six years ago is very rarely going to be OC content.
I have seen this reposted with so many different titles! Some of them are technical and name the process, some of them are slightly incorrect, but “The importance of colors” is just funny.
I like thinking about bee bouncers at the door, checking IDs and giving sobriety checks. Turning drunk bees away and telling them to go sleep it off.
What a cop out. You strike me as one of those “you may think I’m an asshole, but I’m just brutally honest and tell it like it is” people. Trust me, you’re just an asshole.
Because it is a competition! We are not talking about stepping over someone on your way out of a burning building. Obviously that would be terrible. Let’s say you are running in second place, and gaining on the person in first place. You want to win so bad, and if you really push, you might overtake him! Then the guy in the first place stops to help some other guy across the line because he’s being a “good Samaritan” instead of competing. You run by him, and you win. Now you will never know whether or not your personal best would have been able to win first place. You won, but there will always be an asterisk* on your title, because the guy that was actually in first place failed to compete, and threw it away. Even though you may have overtaken him and won fair and square, everyone will always assume that he was in first place and he gave it to you by stopping to help someone else. He stole the glory of that win from you, or the agony of defeat if you didn’t measure up. You’ll never know for sure. That’s garbage. That is actually the *opposite* of good sportsmanship.
He’s just over-enthusiastically responding to a guy who got wooshed. Obviously we know what OP meant
I think it may actually be the other way around. *Because* we started giving kids participation trophies, we have raised people now like the one that you’re responding to, who have no concept of competitive sports.
Looks like you responded to me, and then deleted it? Here was my response anyway. &gt;If a player is injured during play, even if the other team is about to score, the play is stopped. So you’re example is disingenuous. Yes, this was definitely a failing on the part of the officials. They should have had someone carry him off to the side for medical attention, seeing as he was unable to continue on his own power. &gt; This generation wasn’t raised to disregard competing sport we just value human decency Letting someone win, or let’s call this what it really is, *cheating*, is not “human decency”. Everyone behind him lost a spot that they deserved when he was unable to continue, but because someone decided to help him cheat, he crossed the finish line before any of them. But sure, let’s pretend it was some great noble act. &gt; a higher measurement of measurement Is that what you meant to say?
When you post something on a public forum, you will get responses. If you can’t handle the responses that you get, then don’t post on a public forum. If people can’t understand what you are saying, they will let you know. I am letting you know.
You know, cut-pasting the same comment over and over again is unnecessary and kind of annoying.
This is one of those pre-reddit pics I haven’t seen in a while.
Just wanted to check back in as “the new fan” you talked to last night, because I was so excited! Coming from someone who just started watching UFC, the Hooker/Poirier fight was so much fun! It was every bit, if not more, as engrossing as any other sport I’ve invested time in. And not just that fight! When Perry gave his interview after his win, that so much fun! These guys are such characters, I could definitely invest in their stories. I also thought it was cool that going into the Perry/Gall fight, one fighter had all of his wins by knockout, and the other had won all his fights by submissions. I thought that might be cool because they might have vastly different win strategies? I could be wrong. Anyway, I had fun watching even though the boyfriend and his friends were in their own world. I’ll keep watching, and count on /r/UFC to answer my questions. Thank you!!!
Only weapons are new.
Or they could just up the hourly I guess, so that the line isn’t dependent on business. The dependability of a paycheck is one of the only reasons to take that position over serving.
The can looks compromised. I wonder if OP did that while opening it, or if there was something else that was protecting the contents from the elements.
I really appreciate all of the good you’ve done during this crises. Your ability to think outside the box has yielded some creative and successful solutions to some devastating issues that could have ruined lives.
It does?
Bulletproof?
It really was. Your story about hearing it on the radio reminded me of something. I don’t know if you’ve ever listened to it, but you can find the whole episode of Howard Stern from that morning. The show starts normally, doing their normal goofy shit, just another day. Then one of them breaks in to say that something was going on and one of the buildings was on fire. Listening to the episode is like living through it again in real-time. They went from thinking there was some kind of horrific accident, to clearly realizing we were under attack. You hear how scared they are as they are trying to piece together what was happening, and it really takes you back to what it was like to experience the confusion and panic of not knowing what was happening. They eventually start sending people home to be with their families and eventually close up shop. There are recordings of other morning shows from that morning, and it’s a bit unsettling to experience it unfold through their eyes. Not everyone was able to process the developments and keep it together.
I don’t believe one way or the other. I’m just pointing out that knowing what he was wearing is now common knowledge, so it’s silly to act like that is any kind of “proof”.
I wasn’t shaming anyone. Where did you get that?
That’s unthinkable! OP posted this before, but it was removed because he forgot to block out his name. Someone else chimed in on the other thread before it was taken down, and said that it was “emotional abuse” to take away his devices for three days.
