Just FYI: In some cases, people with disabilities or special needs cannot earn more than X amount of dollars, or else they will be disqualified from receiving special services.
Eric is from Cincinnati (probably grew up a Bengals fan?) so that's a neat connection too.
http://gameofthrones.wikia.com/wiki/Quaithe
&gt; I’m sure I can call them to negotiate. I used to call Time Warner every year to negotiate a lower rate; had absolutely no luck with that this year now that they're Spectrum. Just FYI.
I agree with this. I also agree that if you don't have a lot to invest, then you might not get a ton out of having a financial advisor... But my understanding is that many financial advisors will do a one-off meeting with you for a flat fee (versus having an ongoing relationship with regular fees) to help you make a roadmap. Also, if it's clear that your net worth is going to grow to a certain point, they may consider you a worthwhile investment and work with you now anyway.
Pretty sure I had the flu the week before Christmas, but my husband and infant daughter got their vaccines earlier in the season and seem to have stayed healthy. And a friend of mine was just diagnosed today, also was given Tamiflu.
Same. Edit: Well, OK, "mad" might be too strong a word. But I liked him better than Finn, and initially better than Bellamy. I think keeping his character around could have been really interesting, especially as his father's role in the community has evolved. (But maybe they didn't foresee that.)
Well, he *does* consider her one of his closest friends, at least.
I think he was lying before when he said he had a way to get them there (which was part of his spiel to convince them to help him). But I also think together, they'll all figure something out.
For sure his redeeming factor is his purity. At least in the context of the Good/Bad Place. In real life, seems like he wasn't so pure of spirit, what with the attempted robbery and all...
Yeah, I think it was a combination of luck, and me doing my best to avoid spreading germs to them. Hand washing and sanitizing, wiping surfaces, not sharing food (really hard with a baby, tbh, lol), etc. Both my parents had the flu too, although they got it in TX (where they live) and luckily were mostly recovered before they came to visit for the holidays. We all agree we're not going to be lazy about our vaccines in the future. That 10% success rate (which I've heard may actually be as high as 33%, although that's still much lower than normal) may mean you still get the flu, but it will make it less severe, which is especially crucial for the young and old.
Lots of cast interviews being posted here lately, and even though Chidi is my favorite character, his was just OK. I really enjoyed Jameela's, but this one with Manny was my fave.
Same. I fist-pumped when I saw just the initial FB headline ("Mandel drops out of Senate race") but then I said aloud, "Oh dang, not like that," when I read the subhead. :'(
I think Taqueria Mercado 1 (which doesn't include the number in its name) is in Fairfield. No idea about 2, lol.
Thank you! Was just going to ask this.
- Macarons from Macaron Bar (on Main St) - Beignets from Senate - Churros and Turkish coffee from Abigail's
That and the Italian lessons one!
Damn. Thank you for sharing that. I originally watched just the clip, but then had to see the rest of the episode. Am now reading up on the show, the episode, and the 2009 shooting that inspired the events in the episode. One thing I wanted to remark on: It felt like an eternity to me, watching them confront and try to neutralize the shooter. But it was probably only about 20 min of air time, pretty comparable to the real incident (which was 18 min, according to Wikipedia). It's absolutely unreal to me that so much devastation can happen in such a short amount of time, and how the fear and tension warps time so that it feels like it forever.
Glad you enjoyed them! Best ones I've found in our city. (Although Taste of Belgium's are good too.) And yes, macarons are perfect for that "too full but still need a little something sweet" feeling haha.
Looks more like season 1 again, but with the genders swapped. Fingers crossed!
I moved here in 2007. The Cincinnati I live in now is not the same Cincinnati I moved to. It's way, way better.
Don't have much to add except this: Ros is a class act and truer friend than anyone in her life deserves. She didn't have to keep up that charade for Tyrion.
If anyone has luck negotiating with Spectrum, please tell me and I'll try again. I used to do that song and dance with Time Warner every year and it worked. Tried several times last month with Spectrum and got nowhere. :'(
Believe me, I've considered it. But my husband watches a lot of live sports, of all kinds, and when I looked into trying to put together a comparable package from the streaming options, it felt worth the extra $ for the convenience. I mean, it's not hurting us, we can afford it, it just doesn't feel like a reasonable price. We're paying a lot and also getting a lot we don't need -- but we would pay only slightly less to get not quite everything we want.
I don't think you need to apologize for "as a parent" moments. I have them all the time now too. Although interestingly, this scene wasn't one of them, and I was expecting it to be. I think maybe because I knew everything would be fine? I remember watching the first time and feeling quite a bit of dread though, because it would be such a Game of Thrones thing for her to poison her son right before her father bursts in to the rescue.
I'm not a big casino fan, but I gotta say, I find our Jack casino to be one of the nicest and least depressing, in large part due to the no smoking, and the natural daylight that comes in.
Oh, hm, I can see why the show left out the "song at knifepoint" part. That sounds... super intense. You might be right, that the ship has sailed on anything romantic happening between them in S8. I don't think I would hate it, though... (Since Sansa has been aged up. Still weird, but much less so.)
I'm so sorry for your loss; that all must have been a very difficult experience. \*hug\*
That's so wonderful. Not the stomach bug, obvs, haha. But you know what I mean. :P
Personally I like the mix and, at least as a casual member, I feel like mods are doing a good job curating the content here. &gt; I agree that maybe there were 1-2 too many Aziz stories that hit the front page, and yesterday I personally tried to coral that and not allow every new thinkpiece to stay up if it didn't offer anything new to the discussion. It's a matter of figuring out what makes the most sense to stay up. Would megathreads make sense for situations like that?
Dude, I love Spice World.
Whoa, good point. I absolutely love my best friend’s kids, but I never thought about it that way for Miguel. Semi related: it was nice to see Teen Kevin bonding with Younger Miguel tonight.
Baby is going to sleep early, and husband is handling bedtime duties, so I get to watch/chat live for once, yay! THIS IS THE GOOD PLACE.
Interdimensional Hole of Pancakes. You don't really eat these pancakes. It's more like... they eat you.
"Apples, you eat their clothes. But oranges, you don't?"
"Molotov cocktails work! Anytime I had a problem, I would throw a Molotov cocktail, and BOOM. I had a different problem."
Omggggggg Jameela's American accent!
"You cannot be Blake Bortles." "Fine, I'll be Jake..." "Don't say Jortles." "Jortles!"
SAME. Best worst plan ever!
I *definitely* did not feel sorry for the first dick pic guy.
STOP HATING ON HAWAIIAN PIZZA. IT IS MY FAVORITE.
DAAAAXXXXX YESSSSSS!
"She even name-drops in hell."
Win some, lose some? Hope you feel better soon!
"DUUUUUUUHHHHHHH." "It's me!"
Aw man, now I'm wishing I'd actually finished reading that book... (Or maybe not, because spoilers?)
&gt; Shawn is probably going to have an issue punishing Michael since he needs to keep the failure quiet to save himself. I love the irony of that. But in this case, it seems like a much more public failure. I'm not sure Shawn *can* keep it quiet?
Yeah, he gave her the last pin (along with a spiel about having figured out how to solve the trolley problem, i.e., sacrifice yourself), then pushed her into the wormhole thingie (as she cried out, "no!"), and then Shawn (and some others) made it to him and he was all, "Hey, boss, what's up?"
WAS IT?
I think you're missing the point? Or validating the limited perception part of the prompt, maybe.
Lol that is most unfortunate.
Same. And honestly, I think all of this still applies even if you go by his show age, which is probably more like early 20s. Robb has faced/is facing a LOT of terrible stuff, basically alone. 90% of people I know in real life made/make much stupider decisions, with a lot less hardship in their lives.
I was totally rooting for Robb and Talisa. Rewatching S3E9 is gonna be rough...
Ah, hm. I don't like it all that much either, *but* having the precedent set with that first guy does make me feel a little better about it...
Not a total idiot. I keep hoping the mods will create a master post, or add these episode links to the previous rewatch post.
&gt; Also loved Cersei's smug look to Sansa when she proposed that Joffrey marries Margaery. It was like she was saying "I just saved you, you're welcome" and "sucks to be you, you'll never be Queen" at the same time. HAHAHA yuuuuup. The relationship between the two of them is so fascinating, and ever since you mentioned it last week, I've been eager to imagine their interactions in S8.
Oh I think even that's new! When I checked the first few times, I didn't see *any* of this rewatch's threads listed. Maybe they'll add them as each season completes?
Oohh, never thought of this, but I might watch this way just to freshen up my Spanish skills! (Spainish is my preferred flavor of Spanish, true fact.)
Agreed on all counts, except I don't hate Newport.
Whoa, I didn't get that until now, thanks for pointing it out! Makes me... not *like* that moment, but *appreciate* it, I guess. (I was sad because I liked Bob a lot.)
&gt; Sexually Thrilling Undersea Dude (S.T.U.D.) Thank you for that.
Yeah, we (mods) only post discussion threads for new eps. But you're welcome to create your own if you want to discuss a rerun! If I catch it in time, I would even sticky it.
Just wanted to say thanks for being an understanding partner, and please ignore those in this thread who insist something must be wrong with a person who isn't comfortable with nudity (particularly if that person is a woman recently pregnant/postpartum).
Wait, so he doesn't just save the dog, he saves *everyone*?? Oh I'm so not going to be able to handle this...
If THAT parallels in the show too, I think we're all going to... I don't even know what!
I think she'll be strong for the kids, so it won't be just straight up depressing to watch, but of course her devastation may come out in private moments.
Fudge, as if the episode hadn't made me cry enough, all these comments are killing me...
In college, my best friend came to visit me for a week while I was studying abroad. During that visit, she would call to check in with her mom every day. A few days into the trip, the calls started getting weirder. Her mom was asking questions about her stuff, like what brand of laptop she had, and whether she needed all her old school papers for the next school year. Once, my friend asked how the plants were doing, and her mom said they were "... cripsy." We started joking that it almost sounded like the house had caught on fire. We flew back separately, and when I got home, my mom confessed that that was exactly what had happened, but my friend's mom didn't want to tell her and ruin the trip. So my best friend came home to no home, a temporary apartment, *everything* gone (except what she had packed for the trip), and her cat and dog lost to the fire. (Small comfort: they didn't suffer. The smoke made them sleepy, so they just lay down peacefully and lost consciousness.) I don't know how I'm going to watch next week. I'm glad my friend doesn't watch this show.
Can't remember the name but the arepas truck is my fave, I look for it at any event.
Hm, I like that one too, but it's not the one I'm thinking of... "Arepa" is definitely in the name. They're often at Findlay, sometimes Fountain Square. Maybe this one? https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-arepa-place-latin-grill-cincinnati?osq=arepas Edit: Oh, maybe my arepa one is not technically a truck, but a tent/stall.
BWAHAHAHA my dad LOVES the Vietnam series. But yes, it's loooong.
"Oh come on, you know I'll never read those." "Of course not. But they'll just. keep. coming." LOL. Yuuuuup, that's pretty much how it was when I had my New Yorker subscription.
Michael said, "Oh hey guys, what's up?"
Your inclusion of that emoji is A++.
If it makes you feel any better, I rewatched a couple years ago and felt it held up really well! Not trying to convince you to rewatch it and potentially ruin perfection, just trying to give you confidence in that memory/feeling of perfection, hehe.
It was definitely actually Joey's Creek all along. There was something so immensely watchable about Katie Holmes in that show. Michelle Williams was incredibly strong, from an acting standpoint, but I don't think Jen's character was as compelling to the series overall.
&gt; The kids themselves spoke very well for people who didn't seem to do well in school. Kind of like in John Green novels, the kids spoke the way kids feel like they speak. It's hyper-clever, and works (for a lot of people, anyway) in fiction.
Same! First of all, Brett Dier. Second of all, it actually sounds cute. Fingers crossed that it's well done. Will definitely be checking it out.
"Yeah, I know a lot of guys in prison who said that too."
ROFL at Rogelio's face when Esteban says "goddess of milk." Also, I *really* appreciate them showing/discussing pumping on network TV! And as much as I completely sympathize with Rogelio's desire to have his daughter stay overnight, I also can appreciate how that might be too difficult/stressful for Darcy in those early days of nursing/pumping. :/
Side note: That trailer for Life Sentence is the first I've seen/heard of that show, but color me intrigued!
I mean, yes, it's a lie, but her parents DO pay taxes there. I don't think she needs to feel *that* guilty. Also, my 15 month old has done bigger slides than that, lol.
I like that he did it because she likes list, and I really like that he has very thorough counterarguments.
BWAHAHAHA Alba is #TeamJafael. She must be reading our sub.
I must be a total sucker, because that Midnight Sun movie doesn't look totally awful to me either... (Even though I know it probably *is* totally awful.)
OMFG WTF ARE THOSE PHOTOS AND WHYYYYYY WOULD YOU PUT THEM IN A BATHROOM THAT GUESTS MIGHT USE?! LOLLLLLLL.
Alba's reaction... Not great, but totally understandable. Got me a little teary again.
Yelling is not attractive. That said, his anger is at least justified in this case.
Oh nooooooooo! Jane Ramos is a fake! Oh Petra...
Mod note: Because it's an older plot point, and you don't give away the results, I'm going to let it stand, but in the future, please don't put spoilers in the title of your posts. New viewers join the sub and may not be fully caught up.
Yeah lol like wouldn't that be the very first thing you think to hide??
Usually not, but it should be on the CW website and app after 24 hours (if not a bit sooner).
Yeah, I'm glad it ended up working out that way. (My comment came before that part of the episode, hehe.)
LOL yep, it's all ridiculous. As was her journey to publication. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I think Rogelio wanted to stop working so that he could have all day with Baby, *because* he doesn't get any overnights. I didn't necessarily get the impression that Baby was on-set a lot, but rather that she was there because the season was wrapping up. &gt; I kind of thought she was going to kiss him there, because she seemed to proud of him. Yeah, that would have been a good, natural moment for them!
Yeah I totally agree. My comment came from earlier in the episode, and I just meant that I didn't want him to turn out to be some secret criminal, as happens so often in this show. :P
\#Ralba, haha, love it.
Wow, haha, that's dedication.
I think /u/CroMedo7's comment (https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/7ryu19/main_spoilers_weekly_rewatch_season_2_episode_10/dt16asd/) gives a good explanation of how/why Robb acted the way he did with Talisa. Did Ros actually agree to work for Varys in that scene? It seemed to me like she left it open, at best, but maybe actually said no. (And in last night's episode for the rewatch, she's very clearly still in Littlefinger's employ. Although I suppose one could argue she was being a double agent.) /u/heda_stark had the same thought about the Robb/Lyanna parallels! (https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/7ryu19/main_spoilers_weekly_rewatch_season_2_episode_10/dt260em/) I was about to say, maybe the show will show the parallel too somehow, but then I thought, do any of the current living Starks even know about Talisa? I guess Bran could see her as the Three-Eyed Raven.
- Yikes, I do not remember this opening scene!! That guy holding his own severed head was gross. - Hello, Tormund!! - "I think what you want most of all is to be a hero." I think he's right, that is exactly what Jon Snow wanted when he was younger and more innocent. But now (second half of the series) being a hero is his burden. So at the core he hasn't changed much, and yet he still has a good, interesting arc. - Seeing Davos hurt, hurts me. :'( - I appreciate the pirate trying to give Davos hope about his son. - Hmm, where IS Davos's wife through all this? - Even Roose looks disturbed by the slaughter at Harrenhal... - So was Qyburn a northerner then? Or... What was he doing there, anyone know? - "Jugglers and singers demand applause. You are a Lannister." - I wonder if Tywin was always so hard (I suspect yes but...) or if the death of his beloved wife turned him cruel. And if he was always that way, what would make such a lovely woman, as his late wife was rumored to be, love a man like that? (Or did she?) - "The next whore I catch in your bed, I'll hang." HMMMMM! Is THAT why Shae turned on Tyrion? She got caught, and her survival instincts kicked in? I think it's at least a possible factor. - "Please Lord Baelish, tell me what to do. Tell me when." Music to his perverted ears. - "Watch out for her with him." Once again, Ros is way to good for these people. - "I can't wait that long." And yet, 4 seasons later... - Ugh I totally forgot that Stannis locked up our precious Davos. He's not the Mannis; he's the worst. - The scene with Cersei and Margaery is so interesting. They are sizing each other up. Margaery with a bit of arrogance, I think. She's like the stereotypical millennial, thinking she knows better than the older generation and can surpass them easily. Meanwhile, Cersei isn't concerned, exactly, but she knows Margaery isn't going to be so easy to control as Sansa was. - Hello, Missandei! (Hello, sort of, Grey Worm!) - Holy fudge, how did I forget the nipplesectomy?! Or the newborn-killing test?! (Grey Worm killed a newborn... \*sniffle\*) - Sir Barrison Selmy, aka the Lost Jedi. - Lol at Jorah's face, like, *Oh shit, not another brave and rugged old knight seeking redemption, to compete with for Danaerys's trust and affection.*
Thanks! I hate feeling like a bother, but I look forward to these threads every week.
&gt; While manipulative and shrewd you can tell she did not only want to score points and really cared for these people. I feel like Margaery is the ideal "politician." She both cares deeply about serving the people, *and* she is good at and enjoys "the game." (We don't get real-world-political in this forum, so I'll just say that I'd love a lot more Margaerys in our government.) &gt; I miss this Dany that used to be all about protecting the innocents and weak and their lives were more important than her birthright. Now she's content sacrificing some of them if it gets her closer to her purpose. Hm, you don't think that's still who she is? Isn't that the part of her that Jon appealed to in S7, to convince her not to send dragons to burn down King's Landing?
Pacific Kitchen is the best dim sum in Cincinnati, IMO.
Fwiw, I'm with you on this, and I don't think asking the question is condemning the concept of professional reporting of less-than-happy news.
Same. Plan to wear it forever, even if/when newer fans have no idea who he is. I had stopped watching football for quite some time, but Fred brought me back to the game and made me love it.
Thanks so much for that info!
Yeah, I had to pull that card a couple months ago during our big fridge incident. It was the first time I said anything like that to her, and it definitely worked, but I don't want to make a habit of it... (Even though I recognize that it's totally reasonable and not "mean"!)
&gt; You're overthinking it. Story of my life! &gt; You offered. If she's interested, she'll get back to you. Good point.
&gt; and for the most part your tenant is doing their job too Yes! I actually think it's totally reasonable of her to ping me with stuff, and to advocate for herself, and I'm glad she doesn't just let small issues turn into giant problems. I just wish she would recognize that they ARE small problems, instead of acting like they're giant problems that are ruining her life... She has had working AC the whole time, and (thankfully) it hasn't been AS hot around here this week as last week when she first messaged me about it. Anyway, I probably need to toughen up a bit. I think that's the #1 thing I'm walking away with from all the advice here. Thank you!
Thanks, that's exactly what I did. I also texted the tenant saying I needed her to be nice to him, because otherwise we're not gonna find anyone halfway decent until next week at the earliest! Apparently she perfectly pleasant with him tonight, and he thinks he figured our problems out. Fingers crossed!
Thank you. This is definitely the recurring theme of the advice this time, which is helpful. (Last time most comments were like, "Eh, you're sort of in the wrong." Which was helpful too.)
Mod note: Michael's name being in the title is kind of a big hint. Can you just re-submit this without his name (or any other spoilers / significant hints) in the title? Thanks!
Aw thanks!
URGH my comments got eaten by my old computer randomly spazzing. Suffice it to say, I CANNOT WAIT FOR TOMORROW.
&gt; if you call them for years and they do nothing until you give up and ask the dealers to stop selling on your stoop, and then they suddenly care when you get beat with a brick, thats not good enough. Ergh. That story worried me, because I always call the cops when I see deals going down on my street, and I'm always nervous that someday, someone's going to notice and retaliate. And I have a baby girl to keep safe (in addition to myself, and my neighborhood, obvs). But I can't do *nothing*, again because of said baby girl (and myself, and my neighborhood). :/
Eh, I guess I'm in the minority here, but I don't dig the Blodreina look. I liked S3/S4 Octavia better.
Lol yeah there's no way Spacekru's stay-in-shape-and-pass-the-time training was as intense as Bunkerkru's fight-or-die way of life.
I'm down.
"I don't hear anyone criticizing Wonder Woman's costume." Then you haven't been listening, Zane.
Erp. What Charles did (i.e., not giving Kelsey a courtesy heads-up) was wrong, but the way she's sassing him?! THAT IS YOUR BOSS, WOMAN. AND A REALLY NICE/HOT GUY.
OMFG Sutton's reaction to lawyer Bill walking into the room was PHYSICAL COMEDY GOLD.
"Were you... triggered?" ROFL I love Diana so much.
"Rising skills, falling breasts. Am I right?" "... ^Okay."
OK, no way Charles would announce it right then and there... But I'm actually kind of glad that *some* people in the audience were clapping.
"We just didn't want to believe our Golden Goose was a Horny Toad."
Part of me was like, this isn't a very fun storyline... The other part was like, no, yeah, this is a huge deal in TV/publishing right now, so it makes total sense to cover it. Edit: WELP NOW I GET WHY THIS HAPPENED AND OMG IT'S BRILLIANT AND I'M SO MAD/UPSET ON SO MANY LEVELS.
OH GOD. OH GOD. OH GOD. MOORE JUST BLEW THE LID ON LIZA'S LIE!
HE DID NOT BEFORE.
NOOOOOOOOOO. I am so devastated that this is how Charles finds out.
Yep. Now I think the storyline is brilliant, haha. Dammit.
She's busy running a fight club cult, OK?
This comment didn't make sense to me until I read /u/whinecube's reply. You meant Monty, right?
I wondered for a split second, and I think Clarke did too. But poison isn't really O's style. (Thankfully?)
Haha, yeah, someone mentioned that in a thread here earlier. Cool for him to be making a career on the other side of the ocean now?
I really enjoyed last season because there was just so much high quality dancing. I'm a little disappointed to hear they're not keeping that format.
Yeah, I was really skeptical because of her "space Barbie" look, but almost all of my favorite episodes of Voyager were actually Seven-focused, because Jeri Ryan really hit it out of the park whenever they gave her a meaty storyline. ("Raven," "One," etc.)
I think it's so interesting that he killed both of them. In a weird way, it's like fate tying them together one final time? I don't believe Ygritte would have killed Jon either, but I don't think they really had a chance at a happy ending no matter what. :/
&gt; Season 4 is the best season, hands down. After going through this re-watch (which, granted, is not over yet) I'm feeling the same way.
Mm hmm. I liked S6 a lot too, as I recall... (With the exception of that Arya-focused episode, I think 6x4?) Unlike a lot of people, I'm still enjoying the beyond-the-books stuff. I just think S4 might be the very best of the best? Will reserve final judgment until the show is over, haha.
I was saying the fact that Olly killed Ygritte and (partly) killed Jon is a weird link between the two lovers. Not that he killed them in a weird way.
Totally cute idea, and I could see Liza wearing that, even if it didn't actually look that much like the inspiration outfit.
Yeah, as he told Charles, Moore hired people to investigate and discredit all the women accusing him of sexual misconduct. So his motives are totally selfish and awful, but what he found on Liza is unfortunately true and looks really bad for her...
- Ygritte's info-dump reminder of how the Northerners came up into the Free Folk's territory, put up a big wall, and started hunting them, is pretty effective for building sympathy, both for the Free Folk in general, and for her specifically. As the lead Thenn points out, you can feel the bitterness and unresolved emotion just emanating off of her like toxic radiation. - Also -- this is kind of obvious, but I just realized it -- the Free Folk call themselves the Free Folk, while everyone else calls them Wildlings. Good world-building, to have a derogatory term. And so, being as considerate as possible in real life, I'm going to use Free Folk from here on out (even though I think Wildling sounds pretty cool too). - "I shall take no wife. ... I shall father no children." (Sam, reminding Jon of the specifics of their Night's Watch vows) When you hear the Night's Watch recite their vows, your brain definitely connects the dots in a way that makes you assume they're not supposed to sleep with women. But as Sam points out, technically it doesn't say that! So then, Jon's relationship with Ygritte never really broke the vows, right? Also, for a moment after Sam said this, I wondered if it meant that Jon would not marry Dany, nor father her children -- but since Jon did die and come back to life, I think everyone (including Jon) agrees that he owes nothing more to the Night's Watch. Plus GRRM is pretty obviously making it a point for Jon's storyline to toy around with the vows. - La dee da, oh hey there Free Folk Campfire Army, please pay no attention to the woman and baby walking along the ridgeline you're hiding behind... - Haha, I like how Maester Aemon is so chill about all these boys falling in love, literally whoring around, etc. (Really, it's just because he knows that the vows are more about forging a spirit of brotherhood, rather than laws that need to be followed to the letter. A theme that's really driven home in this episode.) - Maester Aemon with that tease! Why doesn't anyone in this story ever actually just say the things that people around them need to know?! I mean, I'm assuming that the woman he loved must be of *some* significance, if they spent all this time teasing it? (Or was this just meant to be the reveal that he's a Targaryen? I forget if this is the first time we learn of it...) - "Wherever you go, I go too." (Sam, to Gilly) &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 - "You can say it if you like. We should have sealed the tunnel, like you suggested." "... It was a difficult decision either way, sir." (Ser Alliser Thorne and Jon) Funny enough, I think Thorne might have liked/respected Jon a bit more here if Jon had just come out and said "I told you so." After all, it's Jon's perfectly proper, "golden boy" aura that drives Thorne so insane. - "I can't just hide here with you while they're fighting out there." "Why not? You won't matter up there. You do down here." (Sam and Gilly) Aw. Gilly both makes a good argument, and shows how much she cares about him. - "I am a man of the Night's Watch, Gilly. I made a promise to defend the wall and I have to keep it. Because that's what men do." (Sam, with perfect delivery, and a passionate kiss) Then Sam with the rebuttal! And a good one, too. Obviously a big part of what makes Sam so endearing is his insistence on doing the right thing, even when he knows it may go very poorly for him. - Sidebar: Wooly mammoths are the shit. I've thought so ever since I was a little girl. - For as much as I hate Thorne for his unfair treatment of Jon, I have to admit, the man gives good hype. - Side question: Is Tormund a significant character throughout the book series, as he is in the show? - Bless Grenn for getting rid of Slynt! - This battle scene is both fantastic, and not *as* fantastic as ones we get later in the show. There's a lot of darkly lit generic fighting, but also enough epic moments -- like when the giant shoots his bow and arrows up at the wall, or the 360-degree shot (pointed out by /u/DLun203) -- to raise your blood pressure. - Can't really tell who's fighting for which side, though... I feel like that happens a lot in battles in this show (including Battle of the Bastards, my fave) -- perhaps because it's realistic to "medieval" war? - Gah, I remember being so terrified when Slynt stumbled onto Gilly in the cellar. Thank goodness he didn't end up doing anything to her! - "You're all right, you're all right. How can I help?" (Sam, to a dying Pyp) &lt;/3 - "Hold the gate. If they make it through..." "They won't." (Jon and Grenn) Oof, I got chills during this exchange. First, because it's just so... quietly intense. And second, because in hindsight, it's reminiscent of Hodor's ultimate mission/identity/sacrifice. - Tormund vs Thorne. Who am I supposed to be rooting for, again?? - The main Thenn spotting Sam: "Oohhh, that one looks yummy and filling!" // Sam: "No thanks! Eat this instead." - "Find a weapon, Olly. Fight them." (Sam to Olly) Fateful words... But then again, Ygritte and Jon were never going to have a happy ending, were they? Like, even if they had both survived, what next? Jon was never going to just abandon the Night's Watch -- he literally had to die (at the hand of his Night's Watch brothers!) for him to give up on his obligation to them. And Ygritte wasn't going to ally with them, no matter how much she loved Jon. For her, the best case scenario was the two of them striking out on their own. Sigh. Doomed from the start. (At least they get a real life happy ending through Kit and Leslie!) - Ugh, all these boys, having to step up and become men. (Taking on roles they're not ready/mature enough for. Killing each other.) War is so sad. - "I need him more than I need you." (Jon, giving Sam the key to get Ghost) Oh man, this reminds me of a story my mother-in-law just told me! Basically when my husband was a small Boy Scout, his troop leader told him he could choose either boy X or boy Y to be his partner for a challenge. X and Y were his two best friends. His mom was horrified and tried to soften it, talking to him about how it was OK to struggle with the choice, that maybe they could do something else with whichever one he didn't pick for the challenge, etc. And my husband was like, "Huh? This is no big deal. I'm going to pick X because he gives me a better chance to win." And, as far as we know, X and Y felt the same way -- that it wasn't personal, or didn't have to be, and was not a reflection of the strength or quality of their friendships. I liked that mentality a lot, and I think it's something that (*broadly speaking*) men and boys are more encouraged to embrace, whereas women and girls are encouraged to be sensitive and try to make everyone feel good, even though that's often an impossible task. - Man, look at Jon's footwork as he and the Thenn are parrying! Kit makes it look like dancing. - Oh god, the way Jon smiles when he sees Ygritte. I'm already emotional (it was my daughter's first day at daycare when I watched this...) and now I'm sobbing again. Like, legit embarrassing ugly sobbing. Good thing I'm home alone. - "We should have stayed in that cave." "We'll go back there." (Ygritte and Jon) &lt;/3 &lt;/3 &lt;/3 - "They held the gate." (Jon) Oh Grenn... &lt;/3 - Symbolically, I like Jon going out (like a Ranger would) but from a story standpoint, his going north, coming back, going north, coming back, over and over again (even in S7!) feels kind of silly.
"No no, hot Charles." ROFL.
TBH I am not actually all that happy to hear that Darren Star doesn't have an endgame. I don't want the writers to be so committed to a specific ending that they can't adapt (cough HIMYM cough) BUT I think the best series have a clear direction, which typically means there's at least a big picture idea of how it ends. THAT SAID, he could totally be lying lol.
Fave songs: - Don't Blame Me - Getaway Car - Ready For It - Delicate Least faves: - This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things - Dress - Look What You Made Me Do (although the concept and video are extremely well executed) Songs that are growing on me: - Call It What You Want - New Year's Day - King of My Heart - I Did Something Bad
Aw that's awesome! Congrats you two. &lt;3
As a mother now, I feel like I can confirm this.
Can't speak for everyone but my sense is that they are not seen as particularly corrupt, but are seen as not adequately covering the city's problems (such as drugs, or speeding in residential areas, which has led to some fatalities in the past year).
I love how multi-faceted the titles usually are! And I love when people (especially book readers) point out the various interpretations and applications, so I can see all the nuances. For whatever reason, I rarely remember to think about the titles myself.
- Does Mance Rayder have a fatherly fondness for Ygritte or something? Or does he just care about all his people? (In a specific sense, I mean. I know he cares about them as a whole.) Or is he just trying to get a handle on Jon again? I'm curious because Mance asks like 30 million questions about her in this scene... - I love the way Jon and Mance drink together, toasting fallen comrades on both sides. Mourning together. So much respect between the two "enemies." - "We're not here to conquer. We're here to hide behind your wall, just like you." (Mance to Jon) It's such a simple admission, and a fair offer. *Let us come and take up space and be safe; that's it. And if you don't let us, then we'll have to kill you to achieve it. So either way, it's happening. I think we'd both prefer the bloodless way.* - I can't remember: Why exactly does Stannis attack Mance? It's not going to help him win the Iron Throne (at least not directly) but it must have some strategic value... Did the Red Woman say it was what the God of Light desired? And did we know this was coming, or were we supposed to be as surprised as Jon and Mance? (How can I be forgetting so much already, haha?) - Mance and Jon just standing and watching, bewildered, while all the Free Folk get slaughtered doesn't exactly inspire confidence in their leadership... - "Burn the dead before nightfall. All of them." (Jon to Stannis) *Oh no worries, me and my Red Witch are allllllll about burning people.* - "Margaery will dig her claws in, you will dig your claws in, and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen!" (Cersei to Tywin, about Tommen) The tragedy, of course, is that she is the one who digs her claws into Tommen and rips him apart. And she does burn *a* house to the ground, but it's not her own... - Lena Headey and Charles Dance, hoo boy. They're so good in this scene together it hurts. - Power trips always make Cersei horny. - Jokes aside, this scene is a good reminder that Cersei is Jaime's drug. The addiction analogy helps explain why he takes so long to quit her, even after he begins his redemption arc (with Brienne earlier in S3). - Tough times for Queen Danaerys. :/ - I really do like that the story takes the time to show that her blindly bulldozing into these cities and initiating sweeping changes, no matter how well-intentioned or principled, isn't so simple and successful. It's good for her character development, and it's just realistic. - And then that poor farmer and his dragon-fried daughter... Kind of a dumb analogy, but for Dany, it's like finding out your kids are the school bullies. You love them, but you still have to make things safe for the other kids. - Speaking of which, did she already have those chains prepared just in case? - "Mom? Mom, where are you going? Mom, don't leaveeeeeee ussssss!" (Rhaegon and Viserion) No, YOU'RE crying because you're projecting how your toddler daughter feels when you drop her off at daycare... - First Mance and now Tormund. No one can shut up about Jon and Ygritte. I guess they were everyone's OTP. - Poor Hodor! He wants to obey Bran, but he's so scared, and so helpless. - Then Bran wargs into him, and the transformation is really interesting, because you can see Bran's noble upbringing coming into play with his fighting skills, which he never gets to use in his own body... Props to Kristian Nairn for portraying that big switch. - Upon rewatch, it feels so "obvious" (but not actually obvious, just well foreshadowed) that Hodor's condition would be related to Bran warging into him. Because every time shit goes south, Bran takes over his body to try and fix things, and we *know* that's not cool, but there are never really any consequences. (Until there are...) - Omg, I totally forgot that Meera had to mercy-kill Jojen... &lt;/3 - I love the back-and-forth between Arya and Brienne, because you just know they would/should get along, but due to circumstances, Arya doesn't trust Brienne (and understandably so). - Oof. I also forgot how vicious this Brienne vs. the Hound fight got, and that she Mike Tyson-ed him! - Man, the humbling of the Hound... It's so hard to watch, and so impossible to look away. - Maybe book readers will have greater insight to this, but I really wonder what is going through Arya's mind the whole time the Hound is blabbering on. I'm imagining a very strange mix of satisfaction, sympathy, anger, concern, frustration, relief, regret... - That brotherly hug, the kiss on the cheek, the "farewell, little brother." &lt;3 I love how much Jaime and Tyrion love each other. - "I'm sorry." (Tyrion, quietly, broken, after strangling Shae) &lt;/3 - It's not a coffin, exactly, but Tyrion going into that box feels like a symbolic death to me. After killing Shae, and his father, and betraying his family (especially his brother, who risked a lot to free him), Tyrion is no longer the man he once was. - Haha, Varys is like, "Welp, I guess I better get out while I still can too." - With so much heartbreak in this episode, it's a relief to end with Arya sailing hopefully for Braavos. That said, geographically it's a bit of a heartbreak again, because throughout the story, she's just trying to get home, to get North, and she keeps getting pushed back, like swimming against the tide.
No one else loved Hannahlei? She was super cute in the interview portion, and a very strong dancer.
Pauline has some nerve, demanding Charles give her answers when *she's* the one who left!
"My best legal advice is to avoid this woman." NO. I REJECT YOUR LEGAL ADVICE. (Except the part where you said Charles can't fire her. That part was good.) DO NOT STAY AWAY FROM LIZA, CHARLES!
&gt; Charles ~~was~~ is in LOVE with her!! ❤️ Fixed it for you!
Is Reese a huge fan of this show, lol?
Oh. So I guess we won't be seeing more of Claire then...? Testament to Nico's acting that I really feel for Josh in this moment. (Because it was admittedly a foolish thing for him to do, so of course it was likely to fall apart.)
"Maybe I'll slide into your DMs." "Ooo, please do, diva." "Did I say that right?" "Close enough."
Omg, Charles. I'm no big fan of Pauline, but telling her that, on THIS night of all nights? No. No no no. Too much. No. I sympathize, but you can pretend for like 12 more hours until the freaking morning, dude!
Bahahaha, the Maggie / tour bus twist was small but good.
Me too, until they said "Reese's people." I really hope it happens later!
Right?!
Do you think she suspects?! I definitely think they wanted us to wonder.
I only started watching B99 to fill the void in my heart after TGP went on hiatus. Now I can't decide which one I love more...
Mod note: that's a huge spoiler right in the title, which is against the sub rules. Please feel free to re submit with a different, non-spoilery title! Thanks.
Eh, I've grown out of the "it can't be good" part of that, but I still often prefer to wait until the hype train has lost its steam before I jump aboard. Otherwise my expectations are often way too high, and the thing just can't live up, no matter how good.
- The actress who plays young Cersei does a great job with her haughty confidence. Very much evokes Lena Headey's portrayal. - "You're a man of action, aren't you? When it occurs to you to do something, you do it, never mind the consequences." (Cersei to Jaime) I found this line ironic, because Cersei is exactly the same way. True, she schemes more than Jaime does, but only as a means to an end. She isn't playing the game like Varys and Littlefinger, always trying to be 10 steps ahead. It's just that when she sets her mind on something, she finds a clever way to achieve it. Jaime is more direct. - "He loved you more than anyone else in this world." (Cersei to Jaime, about Tywin) I'm not sure Tywin's love was worth much... Kind of like Littlefinger's love too, come to think of it. - Oh man, I don't know why, but the Unsullied guy just paying the woman to lie with him, and hold him, and sing to him, really hit me in the feels today. These poor men. So starved for love and calm. - And then for it to end like that!!!! F#ck the Sons of the Harpy. - Lol at Missandei strolling into the Unsullied armor room to see Grey Worm. It's like the GOT version of a high school movie scene with a hot girl walking into the boys locker room. - I love their exchange, though. "Why would the Unsullied visit a brothel?" she asks, wanting to understand him better, and wanting to know if there's some pleasure or comfort she can provide him. "I don't know," he answers, letting her know that he hasn't visited them himself, but also that he's not ready for her yet. - Damn, Brienne is salty about losing Arya. Verbally abusing poor sweet Pod. - Oh goodie, here begins the Sparrows storyline... /s - Margaery and Loras are way more comfortable with each other's naked bodies and sex lives than I imagine most brothers and sisters would/should be...? - "The Seven Kingdoms needs someone who is stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high lords *and* inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name." This describes both Dany and Jon. (Or at least, it will by S7.) Interesting... - The discussion between Daario and Danaerys about the fighting pits, and how they give nobodies a chance to become somebodies, is interesting. The problem is, Daario is using his personal experience of "winning the lottery" (so to speak) as justification for why everyone should want this opportunity. But I think if you were to ask most of the other people who had been forced to fight, they probably would have preferred not to? - Angry dragons = teenage tantrums? Poor Mommy Danaerys, and poor baby brothers, preemptively punished for their big brother's misbehavior. - "The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted." (Mance Rayder) - For a second, you wonder if Mance is going to do it, if he's going to kneel. And for some reason, it feels like deja vu. It brings to mind Ned Stark, deciding whether to betray his beliefs and his values in order to spare the people he loves. He tries it, and he dies. Mance ultimately does not do it, and he dies too. - I'm genuinely surprised Tormund and the other Free Folk just stand there calmly watching their beloved leader burn...
\*high five\* Good job, and welcome to the club!
I totally sympathize with the difficulty Diana and Liza might be facing, after planning a whole tour around the book leading to a happy reunion... but I think spinning it the opposite way would have worked okay too? Like, "My book gave me the happy ending that I couldn't get in real life"?
"Ya girl was loose in the apartment!" Not even a brilliant line, but the way she delivered it was amazing.
DIANA TROUT! You're a lot of things, but not usually a liar!
Oh, hah. So they kinda went that way after all.
OH SHIT. Everything just got so real... EDIT: OH NO THAT WAS THE END OF THE EPISODE?!??!?!? I THOUGHT FOR SURE THERE WAS ONE MORE SEGMENT AFTER COMMERCIAL BREAK! EDIT: OH THANK GOD THERE IS. EDIT: CRAP THAT WAS CRUSHING.
Yeah, I mean, I can understand her frustration with Charles/her marriage -- but to LEAVE YOUR CHILDREN?! No. Just no.
&gt; I wonder how much Liza was wondering if she even wanted Charles if he was like that. That thought fleetingly crossed my mind too, but honestly? I think Liza has a good sense of Charles's character, and Pauline's, and probably knows that they weren't a good match, and her version of the story is biased at best. Plus it's been a long time; he has probably learned and matured. (Probably.) &gt; I feel like Pauline knows there's something going on between them from the way Charles stared at Liza the whole end of that convo. Oh for sure! &gt; I get that he's hurt, but he's acting very spiteful about this, more so than I feel is deserved. He's acting like this is the betrayal of the century. His anger isn't helpful, but I think it's just masking how shocked and hurt he is. He loved her, and that's a very vulnerable thing. I cannot imagine how upset I would be if I learned that someone I was (sort of? almost? wanted to be?) in a relationship with had been deceiving me on such a grand scale. I mean, OK, Liza is "just a woman who lied about her age" -- but also, not. She has hidden an entire LIFE from him. An ex husband. A daughter. Those are HUGE things in a person's life.
No, in fact, that last line was brilliant and extra-cutting because of how spot-on it was!
I second this.
Dang! How did it turn out? As for different reactions, I mean, yeah, besides it being fiction, people are also just going to react differently to things. Charles (as a character) has always been the Quietly Passionate type, so I think it makes sense that he has this calm exterior mask but is actually overrun with emotion on the inside.
Those two were my favorites so far as well, along with Hannahlei from earlier auditions. Hope I get to watch them all in the actual competition!
Yep, also bored of Kelsey and Zane. People think competition is sexy and fun, but honestly? It's not, especially not after so long. I think it would be much sexier and more fun to see them scheming together.
Probably some modified algae. There's nothing that stuff can't do.
Thank you for this comment. I lol-ed.
Actually, I think the fact that he found out BEFORE they really started a relationship might be the thing that lets them have a chance still? And I mean, Josh is still hella into Liza, even though she was a huge liar throughout their relationship, so... ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ That said, yeah, in real life, I think a foundation of lies is real bad. I'm sorry for your friend, in a way, but also think she probably is better off without a guy that would do that.
Make algae, NOT war! :P
The music this episode has been amazing. Loved the beats in the background when Bellamy and Clarke went to talk to Indra too.
ROFL.
&gt; DAMN it's annoying that Madi decided yet again to fuck shit up because she can't just chill out and listen to Clarke, who is just trying to keep her safe. Every mom ever just raised their eyebrows like, "DUH."
That's fair, to a point. She couldn't have figured out her shit while sharing custody of her kids, though? Or, like, seeing them in ANY capacity? (My understanding is that she just POOFED for a couple years. Someone correct me if I'm wrong.) No matter how well-off they are, they can still experience emotional trauma.
Ah thanks, that's great insight!
&gt; @writers tho, can we stop mentioning the episode titles in the dialogue because it's a total mood killer? So many people hate this (in TV, movies, books, etc.) but I actually don't mind it if it's done well, which I think it was in this episode.
Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I think there is supposed to be a wedding and a pregnancy in every season? So yeah, I hadn't thought about it before, but "coming full circle" could definitely be Jane pregnant again. Omg, what if... &gt;!Jane got pregnant with Michael's baby, and Rafael had to raise it with her??!!&lt;
ROFL. Yeah, it's not my ideal either. But it definitely fits the "full circle" thing... o_O
LOL. The very visceral reactions that people are having to my idea definitely amuse me. To be clear, I'm not saying I WANT that to happen... (Or do I??? I don't even know!) It's just a thought that popped into my mind after reading OP's post.
Whoa, you really analyzed the video! I wasn't playing that close attention and didn't think to; I was just enjoying it as a bit of promotional fun. Great observations!
Haha, yes! Hello! I think there are a few JTV fans in here...
Enver Gjokaj is AMAZING. And hot. I truly do not understand why he isn't more famous.
- Hello, Braavos! Honestly, it is/was cool just to get a new setting. - Oh, Brienne. Always looking before you leap, and then leaping anyway. - Sansa, again choosing NOT to ally with someone who would probably genuinely help her, and choosing Baelish instead. (The monster she knows, versus the monsters she doesn't.) Even though it makes sense, it's still so sad and frustrating, because just think of all the pain and suffering she could have spared herself had she chosen differently... - "Smirking whore from Highgarden" has a nice ring to it, strangely enough. - "You've never made anything better." (Cersei to Jaime) Oof. She hits him hard, over and over, in S4 and now S5, and he just takes it. Come to think of it, was she ever nice to him? I'm curious what their relationship was like before the start of the series... They've sort of been in crisis the whole time we've known them. - Bronn lowkey (but not really *that* lowkey) planning to off his future sister-in-law. Lol. - Hello, my beloved Dr. Bashir! I wish you'd had more to do in this show, but oh well. It's always good to see you anyway. - As much as I don't think Ellaria's anger at Myrcella is in any way justified, I also cannot imagine ever getting over seeing my beloved murdered in the way that Oberyn was. So... yeah. I get where she's coming from, even if I think she's wrong to aim it at Myrcella. - "Not while I rule." (King Doran) Dude, don't say things like that. You're just setting yourself up for a challenge. - I'm not one of those fans who laments the story's shift away from politics toward more action, but man, Danaerys's Small Council meeting is really entertaining! - Wait, Dany thought all the things she'd heard about her family over the years were LIES? How did I forget that? (Well, OK, from how quickly she accepts Barristan's account of things, she must have had some suspicions at least.) - "Your father gave people the justice he thought they deserved, and it made him feel powerful and right." (paraphrasing Ser Barristan Selmy) For whatever reason, this really got through to me. Like, it seems so obvious, but I had never realized it concretely before. Righteousness is self-perpetuating. If you're the judge and jury, then by default you're always right, and if you're always right, then why ever question your thought process or opinions? No wonder people in positions of power can so easily lose touch with reality. (Good, then, that Dany tries to keep herself grounded. She's willing for her judgment to be challenged, if not her authority.) - And so begins the rise of Cersei... Heaven help us all. (Another entertaining Small Council meeting, though!) - Uncle Kevan, I appreciate your efforts. I really, really do. - Shireen lowkey saving the kingdom by teaching Davos and Gilly to read. - "You have no idea what people will do. All your books, and you still don't know." (Selyse to Shireen) Ugggghhhh the foreshadowing hurts... - "This wretched girl," Stannis says about Lyanna Mormont. ROFL I didn't take note of that moment the first time around, but it's great to realize she was a badass even before she showed up on screen. - Stannis offering to make Jon a true Stark... And that music swelling in the background... Not gonna lie, I teared up. - "Nothing's worth anything to dead men." (Arya) - Drogon always comes when Mommy really needs help. (But then takes off again? Wtf, Drogon? Sigh.)
Lol. But I mean, Cooper *does* need to go...
And then something something toes for souvenirs?
"We could have protein, and biofuel, and beer! Yeah, it'll taste like crap. But who cares, if it'll get you drunk?"
Come to think of it, McCreary is kind of like the Eligius version of Murphy...
I mean, yes. You spend 6 years stuck in space with 5 other people, pretty sure you're gonna care about them all, even if you hate them. That said, I know what you're really asking, and... on the one hand, I wouldn't mind it. But on the other hand, I prefer them paired off with Emori and Shaw, so...
Yeah, it's hard to sympathize (although this episode did a decent job of trying to make me, via her scene with Monty) when she put worms in a LIVE person as well. (Doing it to the dead bodies... it's gross, but not evil.)
Yeah, the timing of that talk was so unnecessary...
Was she? I totally don't remember, but that would make this all the more poignant. :/
Torturing her own daughter while possessed by ALIE wasn't it?
"Everyone dies, Monty. Let's show them how to live."
I'll watch that show!
Again, I get that. As a mom myself, I can tell you, whether my choice or not, hurting my own kid would be the lowest of lows. So I guess we can just disagree. :)
Confession: I'm not sure what "The Scene" was. Like, this was a good ep, but nothing stood out to me *that* much...?
CHRISTIAN BORLE! YAY!
Oh shit, this stupid game is making Charles SO. MAD! NOT. HELPFUL.
"I just want to remind you, the last time you picked up a stray, you married her." Hilarious and savage. I love Maggie.
Aw yay, I liked the plumber!
Nooooo not convenient for me and my daughter's bedtime!
Lol. Apparently showrunner/creator Jason Rothenberg tweeted that his all-time fave scene from the show was going to be in tonight's ep. Or something like that. So we've all been trying to figure out which scene he was talking about.
Oohhhh. Thank you for that reminder. Damn, makes me retroactively love Finn more, too.
"How are supposed to do our job?" Well, for now, they could just give all Liza's author-finds to Kelsey...
Ah OK. Thanks!
Actually I agree. This isn't *attractive*, but it's *interesting.*
Ish.
Yes! All the pairings on this show are so great for different reasons. In this cast interview posted by /u/linguistica earlier, Debi said she and Nico have become close friends and she thinks the writers picked up on that chemistry and wrote it in for their characters. https://www.reddit.com/r/Younger/comments/8p4iy2/build_indepth_interview/
"I know. I'm trying to impress you." &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
"Casual, casual, nothing's wrong, everything's wrong..."
&gt; and/or Caitlin Lol. What relationship with Caitlin? I say that half jokingly. I know her character is a good mom. But to your point, it'd be nice to actually see that sometimes...
I first saw him in Smash, which I mostly watched because it starred several Carnegie Mellon alums, and they (including him) were the best part of that show by far.
1. I think Charles already suspected that Kelsey knew and Diana didn't; his asking Liza was mostly for confirmation. 2. I think lying to him further would have only made things worse! Once he asked, she really had no choice but to be honest.
Hm, 22-24 min is pretty standard for a sitcom without ads, but last night's episode did run longer... I can't imagine why they would have cut the Josh/Maggie scenes! Did you see any of the subplot with the dog? Ugh, I'd be so paranoid now about what else they've cut from other episodes...
Yeah, that was a great moment. And from the trailer for next week's ep, seems like we might get another one like it!
Just in case you didn't see this comment from /u/sugarland726: https://www.reddit.com/r/Younger/comments/8u5fvy/5x04_the_talented_mr_ridley_episode_discussion/e1dnej6/
HORRIFIC. Thank goodness for her quick thinking, and for the people who came to her aid. (Side note: her dog did what I'm pretty sure my dog would do, which is nothing. Sigh.)
Just found a short interview clip with her about it! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjSwmlX5udQ cc /u/alvintaco /u/_redskeptic
None of the official Younger social media channels have it yet (WHYYYYYY) but I found a decent version of it on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdQukzulRic
Haha yeah I just posted that clip in response to another set of comments here!
Lol. I'd be interested in said rant someday. Just because I'm curious by nature.
Most US television shows are skipping next week due to Jul 4th.
I think it's just reactionary? I mean, that's not a *great* excuse, but goodness knows we've all said/done some things we weren't proud of when we were upset. As someone mentioned in the episode discussion thread, Charles has been SO perfect throughout the show, it's kind of refreshing to see him acting "normal." As long as it's short-lived, and he can find a way to make peace with Liza!
Oohh, I love your analysis of it!
Yay for Australia! But like why did they cut it in the first place??
Oh, I hadn't heard that news. Good to know! I'm sure you're right about her character, but I'm happy for the actress.
It's so interesting to see her doing something so un-Liza-like!
&gt; I’m really trying to see the point here. Am I supposed to be shocked and awed or impressed by their retention rate? Same. My understanding is that PG does aim to promote from within -- which again can be good or bad depending on your views.
Couldn’t find it. They have overall use (like total gallons for one load) but I couldn’t find a breakdown beyond that. It’s semi helpful but doesn’t really answer my question.
Sorry, what’s DFU?
Ohh thanks, that’s reassuring! I was planning to use a lint sock/strainer, per plumber advice, but I’m worried about that slowing the drainage down...
Well haha I want it to be “legal” and also smart. I’m not trying to flood my house. I’m just trying to use the sink that will look best in the space too, which is relatively small...
Ah OK thanks, I'll look it up!
A floor drain would be amazing, but it isn't really feasible from an ease/cost standpoint, for a 2nd floor laundry, especially in our 100+ year old home... We do have a drain pan under the washer, though. (Which drains to the exterior.) Totally agree that it would be best for the sink to be able to contain an entire load's output -- but the redesigned space doesn't allow for that. Long story short, we're going from stacked W/D to side-by-side, so the the remaining space for the sink is pretty tight. I know if the sink clogs and no one notices in time, we may flood. But I'm just hoping we can purchase a sink that will fit the space and be sufficient for 99% of cases. To your point, it was reassuring that the old utility tub could hold an ENTIRE load's worth of water. It's less reassuring that a potential new sink would only hold half. Hence my posting here to try and see what the sink will realistically be responsible for...
Edit: Never mind. Didn't explain my thoughts clearly enough and don't feel like bothering to now.
Edit: I'll just go ahead and retract this. (1) I feel pretty neutral/undecided on all this anyway, and (2) I definitely don't feel like debating random strangers about it.
That's not what I said/meant, but it's pretty irrelevant since I don't think this specific incident, as he described it, was a big deal. Gonna delete my comment to avoid repeating this convo a hundred times.
I'm not OP but I can kind of sympathize with not having anything to say beyond the title, lol. It's like, I'm not reacting poorly, or positively, I'm just... yeah. :P
OP might have just figured that we as fans of the show might be interested in Nico's real life personality?
"I'm friends with Chinese Oprah. I'm Chinese Gayle." ROFLLLLL.
"Do you wanna get out? This is kinda how dogs die." Omgggggg I literally laughed out loud.
Agreed, haha. Also, I actually thought the son's art was pretty good! And I liked Elaine sticking up for her son. I would hope my (Taiwanese) mom would do the same.
I know him from Veronica Mars too, and it's kinda hard to picture/accept Dick Casablancas as a teacher, haha. (But yes, always fun to see him!)
Sorry for the delay. Busy weekend, and I was trying really hard (but failing...) to not stress about the project, so I avoided going into the room. :P Anyway, it's a GE, model WBVH5300KWW.
Sounds like Gina might be the narrator in the future (which would give her more flexibility to work on other stuff, yet still be involved).
I think it would be totally reasonable for the kids to have moved to another city when they grow up.
I will second Nextdoor as a good place to check for stuff like this. Also, I have used the Bambino app in the past and was happy with the sitter I got through there. She was a nursing student at Xavier -- so I am also seconding "nursing student" as a good choice, haha -- and we used her a few times.
Omg noooooo. :'(
Yeah I think your use of the term "*fun* fact" was not so literal there... \*hug\*
Mod note: In spite of reports, I'm not going to remove the posts downstream of this thread (for now) because I'm not a babysitter. We're all grown-ups here. Everyone please start acting like it. That means being respectful, even when we disagree. It takes two to tango, but /u/dlwess1, this is not the first time you've gotten into it on a more borderline level with another member of the community. Please take greater care in the future, as you also contribute great insights and information, and I'd hate to lose that. (But not more than I want this sub to be a place where fans can come to *happily* partake in discussions with each other.) I commented upstream for higher visibility.
Fwiw I really like the composition of this!
Just saw the trailer for this on Instagram, and Gina looks amazing in it. (Anthony Mackie is always great too.) Especially as of late, I am not super fond of guns, but other than that, I was excited about this, and excited for her!
- "Bran?" "I'm not really. Not anymore." (Meera and Bran) Poor Meera. Does she love Bran? If not romantically, then at least in a way, she must. You don't spend that much time with someone -- you don't devote yourself to their safety, to the expense of all else -- if you don't love them. Believe in them. Value them. I hope this isn't the last we see of Meera. (It can't be!) - "Bran... has visions." [...] "Why would you go back there?" "Cersei's on her list of names." \*Sansa does a double-take\* \*Arya looks at her sister like, "I told you..." but also, "Please don't think I'm a weirdo now."\* Lollllll. - So obviously that Valyrian steel dagger is going to come into play in a big way, right? (Edit: Oh, is it what she slits Littlefinger's throat with? I can't remember, but that would be a fitting full-circle.) - Brienne is all of us when she beholds the three Stark kids together again at Winterfell. &lt;3 I know their reunions have been kind of awkward/underwhelming in many ways, but I still feel so emotional about them! (The swell of music adds to that, of course.) - Dany + Missandei girl talk = amazeballs. - The music in the cave was on point too. - "Is their survival more important than your pride?" (Dany to Jon) Ooohh, is it just me or did that have echoes of Jon's conversation with Mance Rayder? - Jon watching Dany berate Tyrion like, *This is awkward...* - "What do you think I should do?" (Dany to Jon) And now the tables have turned. Parallel to my observations about Jon's regard for Dany in the previous episode, here we see that she has come to respect him in a very short amount of time too. - Side note: What is with Varys's hands in his tunic-shirt-thing?! Those are not pockets, and you look ridiculous! - The Arya/Brienne fight is every bit as amazing as I remembered -- I love how much they both are enjoying a good fight, a worthy opponent -- but Pod's face during it is even better, lol. - Jon and Theon: The emotional reunion we weren't expecting. - Poor horsies. - Dany is such a badass, yo. (And Jaime, you're pretty solid in battle too.) I just love that, from the start of this story and throughout, she has not been too dainty or too proud or too anything. She does what needs to be done. Eat a horse's heart; walk into a funeral pyre; lock a traitor in a vault for all time... - I know everyone loves Bronn -- and mostly I do too -- but chopping off that horse's leg was a crime and he needs to pay. - I do sympathize with Tyrion, watching his house's army defeated in such a brutal way. ("Maybe you don't want to hurt them after all.") I don't think he purposely came up with a bad plan, but I do think there was more truth in Dany's words than even Tyrion realized. - Poor Drogon! - Honestly this episode probably should have been the end of Jaime. (If this were sometime in seasons 1-4, any other character would have been dead.) But I'll confess to being OK with seeing the rest of where his arc goes. (Versus, frankly, if my beloved Oberyn had lived, well, really, what else was there for him to do in this story?)
"Willow, your shirt..."
Both shooter episodes are incredible, some of the best TV ever.
Aw, I loved this show, so this information makes me sad. (But it's good to know. Grossness has to come to light so we can root it out!)
That is the cutest! My 2 y.o. daughter says "ooo na na" anytime I sing the chorus of "Havana" by Camila Cabello. I love toddler-isms.
Oohh you're right. I actually had to rewatch the scene a couple times, keeping track of dark horse (Bronn) vs white horse (Dothraki), to be sure. TBH I'm surprised a Dothraki would do that to a horse, as I thought they really valued their horses. But it's been awhile since we focused on their culture, so maybe I'm misremembering...?
Yeah OP is most definitely talking about Findlay Market. Now we just gotta help them figure out which florist there, I guess.
Yep, I'm not you! But hi. :)
You're right about Bronn and the horse! Another commenter confirmed too, pointing out how the editing got me confused. Ugh, yes, Viserion's death really hurt me. Not looking forward to enduring that again...
- If I'm supposed to feel sorry about the death of Randyll Tarly -- jerk "father" to Samwell Tarly -- well, I don't. - Dickon, on the other hand... Sorry dude, you were a good bro and a loyal son. At least now people won't make jokes about your name anymore? (I'm a little sorry the role got re-cast, as I really like the previous actor, Freddie Stroma. But Tom Hopper has been excellent too.) - "You are the future of your house." (Tyrion to Dickon) Ehhh, Sam and baby Sam can probably help with that. I know Sam gave up his house when he took the black, but as we know, those vows are getting broken a lot recently. And Sam is best buds with the King in the North, *and* he is turning out to be pretty instrumental in defeating the White Walkers. Assuming Sam lives, methinks he'll be rewarded. - "I'm not the one doing it." (Varys, reminiscing on how he survived serving rulers who did awful things) Sadly, I think this kind of justification is very true to life, even today. :/ - "We'll fight with the men we have." (Jon) I mean, that's what he's been doing throughout the story so far, and it has... somehow worked out. - I appreciate (1) that the lords of the North are willing to follow Sansa, and (2) that she stayed loyal to Jon. - The writers clearly want us to think Arya and Sansa are at odds -- and that Littlefinger intends to exploit that -- but knowing how it turns out, what if we assume that that they are not? That they are in fact simply sniping sisters, as they always were? Then I doubly like their dialogue, because I like how they call each other out ("Say what you mean." "You're thinking it right now. You don't want to be, but you are.") and I like how it can be misinterpreted while not actually being deceptive. I mean, look, I'm an only child so I mostly speak from secondhand experience, but what siblings *don't* sound like they despise and want to murder each other sometimes? - Ah yes, Cersei's pregnancy! How did I forget about that? Well, I don't think the baby is going to be born (because that would negate her prophecy, right?) but I also don't think it's a lie she's telling. That would be a huge cheat on the part of the writers, and they don't typically do that to us. They misdirect, but they don't outright lie. - Bahaha, I love the way Gendry and Jon parallel their fathers Robert and Ned. - "Yeah, nobody mind me. All I've ever done is live to a ripe old age." (Davos) LOL sorry, Dad. I mean, it's true: you (and Jorah) seem to be the only old people around, which means you guys must be doing something right. But what's the point of being young and strong and hot (Jon, Gendry, Dany, Jaime, Cersei, Yara, the Sand Snakes, etc.) if you're not also going to be reckless? - "Guess how many windows are in the Sept of Baelor?" "None anymore." (Gilly and Sam) LOL. - Meanwhile, Gilly could also say, "Yeah, nobody mind me, I'm just the one person who is actually sitting down and doing all the tedious research and stumbling upon the most important discoveries." - Speaking of which... The annulment of Rhaegar/Elia and marriage of Rhaegar/Lyanna means that, at least traditionally, Jon is the rightful heir, yes? Because he was the eldest prince's son, whereas Dany would have been the prince's younger sister (i.e., a princess). Same as how George (i.e., Prince William's son) is higher in the line of succession than Prince Harry is, right? - "I'm tired of reading about the achievements of better men." (Sam) &lt;3 - I'm not going to lie, the "motley crew of enemies-turned-tentative-allies" trope is one of my favorites. Hence I loved this last scene at Eastwatch, and I knew I was going love their misadventures in the next episode.
Hm, true, I suppose Sam hasn't broken the vows himself. It has mostly been Jon, lol. Lol yeah I think there were lots of Fellowship jokes/comparisons when the episode first aired. It's a good trope!
Probably? Possibly? Although viewed in the context of the GOT world (and ruling families), it's a little different from how a guy-and-his-aunt relationship would be viewed in our day and age.
He killed a brother of the Night's Watch, he took up with the Free Folk, and he slept with Ygritte. I mean, there were mitigating circumstances for all of that, and at one point Sam points out that Jon might not *technically* have broken any of his vows... Anyway, yeah, he owes them nothing now after dying.
My MIL gave me some Latour chocolates for my birthday last month, and while I thought the flavors would be too weird, they were actually kind of subtle and really nice! Ex: the "chili" chocolate really wasn't spicy, just had a nice little smoky heat to it. Overall they were REALLY good. Would definitely recommend/buy again.
Same. My husband and I both went to college there and felt like coming to Cincinnati after graduation was a relatively easy transition due to the similarities.
&gt; one of the two conspirators scared the other one shitless by threatening to remove her face and wear it That moment is pretty hilarious/golden no matter whether the Stark girls were in on things together or not.
Also ironic because it would be like coming full circle, with a Baratheon back on the throne just like at the beginning. GRRM does like his irony/reversals, but I don't think it's going to happen.
I think the first 2.5 seasons of Grey's were excellent. Then, just... no. (Well, other than the 2 shooter episodes in season 6. Those were excellent too.)
She exhibits an extremely fascinating combination of remarkable self-awareness (mostly in her art) and complete obliviousness (mostly in her interviews) at the same time.
&gt; It paints the northern lords a fickle and without loyalty. Yeah, for all the talk of the Northerners being the most loyal region in the Seven Kingdoms, they've actually shifted/fractured quite a bit throughout the years of this story. Granted, it's been a crazy time. But still...
If she has any doubts, I'm sure he can tell her plenty of things about herself/her life to confirm the truth of his powers/visions.
Hm good question. Well, there's a lot about her life and her family that has taken place in Westeros. I'm sure he could provide some evidence that would satisfy her.
Oh yeah, he was definitely meant to turn out to be an immature little snake -- and in doing so, he provides contrast with Zane, who on the surface seems smarmy and competitive, but underneath is apparently a softie with real feelings for Kelsey. (Whether you feel that his "true nature" makes up for his external behavior is certainly up for debate.) But lol at first I was like, "Who the hell is Jake?" That's how bland his character seems at first. I just think of him as "the politico."
OK this is getting pointless, lol. Let's just see what happens.
Thanks! Some of us went into further discussion of whether or not Sam and Jon have actually technically broken their Nights Watch vows: https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/a6na2x/spoilers_weekly_rewatch_season_7_episode_5/ec16fsy/ And yeah, the Wall isn't looking too good at the end of S7, so well see. They *might* rebuild it?
Oohhhh. That's a fascinating idea! Somehow I don't think that *particular* instance is a Bran vision, but I think you might be onto something with this concept, of how the writers might present us with possibilities and then we'll have to see how things play out. Kind of like the various prophecies and dreams we've already encountered in the story.
After reading the article, I don't think there's any way he gets off. (Thank goodness.) The first incident was definitely rape, no matter what the girl's age was or what he thought it was, and then after that, he apparently became aware of her true age and continued to have relations with her. Scum.
Ah cool, thanks. I've heard a lot of good things about Black Sails (and another actor in that show, who had an important guest arc in another show I watch, /r/The100).
This. Was. FASCINATING. Thank you!!!!!!! I suspect your "food for thought" at the end is probably going to be how this resolves. Especially because, like many other fans, I don't think that both Dany and Jon are going to live to the end of this tale.
Yeah, I was going to suggest the Verdin Bell place, because I went to a reception there and it was amazing, but I bet it's hella expensive... https://www.verdin.com/about/bell-event-centre/ Only other giant wedding I've been to here, the reception was at a big place in Mt. Healthy, just off Hamilton, but I can't think of the name anymore. (Pretty sure it was not the Elegant Event Center, but that's the only thing that came up when I did a quick google.)
Yeah there's a lot of tension between the two of them, yet ALSO mutual respect (based on what...? I'm not 100% sure) and affection. It's an interesting relationship, and I bet it will be even better in the books. (Which I am probably too lazy to ever read...)
Wait, what?! I missed the cute normal dragon stuff? I was just saying (a couple rewatch episodes ago) how much I wanted to see that!
Love your summary and commentary. Totally agree. I mean, I *get* why some people are complaining about the preposterousness of this episode. There *is* a lot of disbelief to suspend. At the same time, this is an epic fantasy, and sometimes epic shit happens that isn't very likely, and we still eat it up anyway, because it's *fantastic*, in so many senses of the word.
I mean, no, they definitely cannot wait for the books.
&gt; I think a lot of people have complained about this season revolving around dialogue instead of things actually happening, but I eat all this dialogue up. How can you not appreciate all of the brilliant blocking in the dragon pit? There's so many dynamics, so many reunions, and so many important meetings. Couldn't agree more. &gt; How is this show going to service all of the remaining characters and their inevitable deaths in a mere 6 episodes next season? Great question. I would feel more nervous about it if it weren't for the fact that I think they've done a bang-up job with everything up to this point (and the rewatch only confirms that for me) so I'm trusting them to bring it home strong too. Also, really long episodes, haha.
Mod note: Your comment was removed because it is not polite to other members of the community, which is one of our rules. You're totally allowed to disagree, but please do so in a more respectful manner. Thanks!
&gt; For a logical tactician, a machiavellian schemer, to ultimately fall not because he got outplayed at his game, but because of blind love, felt right. Blind love? Just curious what you're referring to? I don't think Baelish loved anyone.
Ah OK. I just don't equate his "having a thing for" them with love. Baelish *wanted* Catelyn, and *obsessed* over her, and then Sansa after Cat. But nothing in his actions toward either of them showed anything resembling what I would call love. He hurt them, used them, and betrayed them. In spite of what the show sometimes claimed, to me, that doesn't count.
- ALLLLLLL THE NAMES in the credits, haha. - I may never get over seeing ALL the major players in one place, finally. - "I was only trying to protect her." "You and me both." (Brienne and the Hound) He admits that he cares about Arya! - Everyone leveled up their wardrobe for this meeting. Cersei's look is my fave. Ever since she decided to blow up the Sept, her clothes have been amazeballs. And I think those are literally the nicest clothes Jorah has EVER worn. - Omgggggg all these death stares as everyone walks into the arena, hahahaha. - Euron is such a pig. You can see, when he glimpses Dany (and her absolutely BALLER entrance on Drogon), that he is re-thinking his alliances. - When the wight won't come out, everyone's looking around like, "Um, I think this jack-in-the-box is broken..." - Kudos to whoever decided on the length of the wight's chain. - I know it's a horror movie moment, but I almost laughed when I saw Qyburn get up and stare at the wight in semi-aroused wonder. - "Can they swim?" "No." "PEACE OUT." (Euron and Jon, paraphrased) I know it was a setup, but the tone of it felt so perfectly Euron. - After Jon ruins the truce with his confession, every single person in that arena, including him, is shaking their head and thinking, "Dammit, Jon." (That said, since Cersei had zero intention of honoring any agreement with these people, it's hard to hold his sense of honor against him.) - Cersei DEFINITELY wanted Tyrion to know she was pregnant. How could he be so stupid? I really hope he isn't, and he's playing her at least as much as she is playing him. - "Your family hasn't seen its end." (Jon to Dany) BECAUSE WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A BABY! - "Has it occurred to you she might not be a reliable source of information?" (Jon, re: the witch who killed Drogo) Honestly, how did that NOT occur to her? (Or me? Lol.) - I love how badass Jon and Dany have each been throughout their arcs, and then here, talking to each other privately, they let their guards down, and they're just kids again (relatively speaking). - "She would kill anyone who betrayed her family." (Sansa to Littlefinger, re: Arya) I feel confident that in this scene, Sansa and Arya are allies already. And Littlefinger, like a moron, loses because he's playing this game under the assumption that Arya would betray Sansa in order to take more power for herself, not knowing that Arya has less than zero interest in being Lady of Winterfell. - Hehe, Dany's face/body language after she announces her decision to sail with Jon is like, "Oh crap, now everyone knows I'm crushing on him..." - Aiden Gillen's little eyebrow raise when Sansa says "Lord Baelish" is *so* perfect. - "I'm a slow learner, it's true. But I learn." (Sansa) It's so simple, but still one of my all-time favorite quotes from this show. I think because Sansa sneakily became one of my favorite characters over the course of the show, and this is her in peak form. - I know it was cinematic, but it's rather grim for everyone in the hall of Winterfell to just stand there and stare as Baelish bleeds out on the floor... - "No one walks away from me." (Cersei) #ironic (Though it would have been stronger if they hadn't had her repeat it.) - She doesn't have him killed, ultimately, but she is SO cruel to him. Does she love Jaime anymore? Is she just lashing out, out of fear and paranoia? Or has whatever true emotion she used to hold for him withered and died, and now they're just running on fumes? (Well, running out, in this scene.) - "He loved her. And she loved him." (Bran, re: Rhaegar and Lyanna, but juxtaposed with Jon and Dany) &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 - "I'm just the executioner. You passed the sentence." (Arya to Sansa) Uh oh, it's a backwards echoes of Ned's teaching... I hope that is a coincidence, and not a sign that something bad is going to happen to either of the girls. - Related: It's *amazing* how Ned's influence is felt in the stories all these years later. (And through all these years, really.) - OK, Viserion's blue "fire" is AMAZING. - Never thought about it before, but I think Drogon and Rhaegal are going to have to have babies, right? Surely GRRM wouldn't ACTUALLY kill off all dragons for real after this...?!?! *Note: It's been such a blast doing this rewatch with this sub. Thanks to everyone for the great discussions, and I can't wait to see y'all again when S8 begins!*
On top of everything else: Like, why a whale??
Mod note: this is all based on leaked info from upcoming episodes, so you need to re-post this with a warning in the title (such as "Theory about Final Episode based on Leaked Pics" or something) or else post this whole theory in the leaks megathread. Thanks!
But everyone I've seen on Twitter seems to think it's wonderful and hilarious, so... ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ Not that you have to be Asian to appreciate this movie -- I don't think that is (or should be) the case at all -- but I do wonder what a professional reviewer of East Asian heritage might have said.
Oh yay! I'm trying not to go in with too many expectations, but it's hard not to want this to be awesome/successful...
Hm, I liked Gina's movie (Someone Great) but it's definitely not a traditional rom-com. And it's also way more... "mature" (with casual drug use, in particular) than I am, both in real life and in my entertainment typically. Still, I loved the core of female friendship it depicted, as well as the heartbreaking main relationship between Gina and the guy (played by Lakeith Stanfield, who I really like). I also liked CRA but hated Serendipity, lol, so maybe we just have different tastes in rom-coms and that will work in my favor for Always Be My Maybe? :P (Never seen When Harry Met Sally, actually...)
Ditto what /u/magicaldarwin said. Also, please be aware that being "available" and being truly accessible are not always the same. Just as one example, when you say "the Library," which branch are you referring to? Some are easier to get to (bus line, parking, etc.) than others. Some locations are more diverse than others. Some have better offerings than others (computer labs, kid/teen programming, etc). And yes, it can be uncomfortable to be the only POC in a room. Sometimes there's no issue; sometimes there are lots of little issues; sometimes there is a big issue. You don't always know which situation you're going to get.
Same. Btw, I would have commented ON topic, but everyone has pretty much already said what I would have. Wyoming isn't diverse, but it's a nice community and has great schools. My friend (who is of mixed heritage) moved from Wyoming to Sycamore during middle/high school and found Sycamore to be a much better fit for her in terms of diversity. Diversity was also a high priority for my husband (who is a transracial adoptee, interestingly enough) and myself (a WOC) when we were looking for which neighborhood to start our family in, and we ended up buying a house in Gaslight Clifton and have been extremely happy with that decision, for many reasons. (It does have the same "mostly only old houses" factor that Wyoming does, but that didn't bother us.) Our kids aren't quite old enough to start in Cincinnati Public Schools yet, but we're getting close, and planning on looking at the magnet/Montessori options as well as the new Clifton Area Neighborhood School (CANS), and then probably/hopefully Walnut Hills for high school. Fwiw, I think the fact that you and your wife are already being thoughtful about this decision bodes well for your children, regardless of where you end up. :) (My husband and his siblings grew up in a predominantly white, rural area, and they all lived to tell the tale. He's probably the best adjusted of the three, though, haha.)
Mod note: This comment contains **further** leaks beyond what is mentioned in the OP. Just a heads-up.
It has definitely gotten worse this year. Well, it started with the S4 finale. But yeah. :/
I love Connie in FOTB and was happy to see here!
Update: Watched it! I didn't LOVE it overall, but I liked it, and there were a lot of PARTS that I loved. * \#1 favorite thing: Michelle Buteau. She was hilarious. * Least favorite thing: Keanu, actually. I mean, I appreciate that he was game for this role, and he did a good job with it, but having him play "himself" kinda broke the believability for me. * Cultural details, especially at the beginning. * Family dynamics. (Sasha and Marcus's mom; Marcus and his Dad; Sasha's parents at the end; etc.) * Lots of good jokes/deliveries. * I just didn't get that emotionally engaged? Ali did a better job selling the romance than Randall did, actually, but it still wasn't... swoony?
Mod note: Please put the rest of the sentence after "that's why Jennie said" in spoiler formatting, since it's a leak from interviews/etc, and then I can approve this post. Thanks!
Oh interesting question! I guess between the 3, I'd have to go with Alba. But she's like Alba mixed with a little bit of Xo -- which makes sense, as those are the women who raised her. And it's probably healthier that she's not *too* much like either one of them, haha, as they both started out the series being kind of extreme in their ways. (They've both come around so much though.)
Mod note: Please put the spoilers into spoiler formatting and then I can reapprove your comment. Thanks!
My guess for quite some time has been Mateo Jr.'s future partner/husband.
Yeah one of the reasons I stuck with this show (even though S2-S4 weren't as good as S1) is because it's just such a bright spot of a drama.
Omg. For the record, this is hands-down the best thing I've read in this sub in a LONG time. Fave. &lt;3
Mod note: Locking this to further comments because the discussion has gotten out of hand. Let's do better next time, folks. Thank you!
MOD NOTE: This topic has high potential to turn into a ship war zone. Please do not do that, or we will have to lock the thread. You can discuss your opinions about this calmly and politely. We believe in you. (And if you can't, then kindly move along. There are plenty of other threads to comment on.) Thank you!
Haven't watched the episode yet, but just wanted to say that in some cultures (Asian, Latinx, etc.) intergenerational living is pretty normal. And especially for Jane, who is an un-partnered mother (currently) seeking a non-traditional career (writing), it would make sense to live with family to save money. It's not so much about her "right" to live with Alba, and more just about the idea that we should take care of family. But of course, everyone defines "take care of" and draws the boundaries in different places.
I haven't seen **Five Feet Apart** (sorry, Justin!) but I loved Haley Lu in **The Edge of Seventeen**. She really stood out, even in a "side" part.
&gt;I don't know if its a Latinx thing or what I very much think it's a more common dynamic in Latinx culture (as well as others, including pockets of "American" culture) and my guess is the JTV writers were trying to touch on it intentionally, as its not something we've seen/discussed on the show yet.
I think you make some good points! At first I wasn't happy to see Michael's total and utter sappy-ness disappear... but ultimately I thought New!Michael was still pretty sweet/caring at the core and in his actions toward Jane. Just a bit more... measured about it, for lack of a better word.
I'm not an expert, but I am part of one such culture (Asian) and studied abroad in another (Spanish), and yeah, respecting elders in speech and action is typically part of that intergenerational life. And it sounds like that's what JTV was going for, at least partly, last night. Which I think makes sense. It hasn't actually come up that often in the show -- Alba has given Xiomara and Alba a lot more leeway than I think some "matriarchs" would -- except maybe that one time when she said she could discipline Mateo however she wanted in her house? Anyway, I'm not saying I agree with one way of thinking more than another -- well, haha, OK, maybe *I* personally lean toward a more "American" and definitely a more feminist view -- but I just wanted to point out that even though it might not be the way most of us think or want to live, there's a large number of people who do, and it's kind of neat of JTV to recognize that, and to present both sides with reason and respect (or so it seems to me, based on everyone's comments that I've read).
Mod note: Please delete the first sentence of this post, as its "leaky," and then I can approve. Thank you!
Good points, and this made me lol: &gt;doubt Alba is all about the high speed I don't think there's anything wrong with family/partner support, especially in your twenties, but maybe part of the rest of the season will show Jane learning how to adult for real? That would be a good shift for her character.
Maybe it would be better/more accurate for them to describe her as being an example of one *type* of strong woman? I say that because I don't think she's any less strong just because she didn't choose some of the difficulties she went through in life (i.e., absent father, accidental pregnancy, death of spouse, etc.). It's just a different kind of strength than what you're talking about. (Like if she had chosen to set writing (and the Marbella) aside for now and focus on a different kind of career that would provide a more stable income and schedule for herself and Mateo.)
&gt;Although the feeling I got is that they are calling Jane (and us, I guess) on our bias. I definitely think this was their goal. And based on the comments in the sub, it worked. (Ish?) They've got people discussing it, and for the most part, it seems like people can understand Alba's side of things, even if they ultimately disagree.
Ok that made me lol. But Justin Baldoni is like a million times more attractive than the Property Brothers -- and I say that as someone who has enjoyed their HGTV show, and also as someone who doesn't really find Justin to be "my type" -- so my first thought when I saw this was like, *Whoa, insulting!* :P
Hah, I like how you came in with the self-update. Anyway, yeah, I feel like several times in the show we've seen characters (especially Kelsey) react unfairly to things, BUT the good thing about Younger (unlike other shows) is that the characters always come around to the "right" (or at least more fair/compassionate) reaction, usually within the span of the episode, so that we're not left with cheap dragged out drama, but instead more human stories, and a well-paced show.
I love that you watch with your mom. &lt;3
Haha, I might have to. I dropped cable recently and none of my streaming services have Younger live each week... (Might do Philo just for the summer, just for this show.)
I think in another recent thread someone mentioned that they do, but partly because it's just TV, not real life.
&gt;As much as I agree every generation should live as they feel confortable, when their voice and way of thinking is so dominant in a society that actually creates an environment of insecurity and violence, then you see why is not as black and white as "you are a grown woman, you are entitled to have the marriage you want and not worry about which type of example that settles for the younger generations". Very well said. Thank you for sharing your experiences. &lt;3
&gt;Sure my dads man of the house but that doesn’t mean the women wait on him hand and foot. It’s good for a family to have a leader. But machismo culture is toxic and entitled. It also depends on the man you marry if he’s respectful of women and understands that we aren’t beneath men. That's such a nice, modernized perspective on it! I'm happy that your family found a good balance, and thanks for sharing your experiences. :)
Mod note: If you would like to delete or rephrase your last sentence, which can easily come off as hostile even if that's not what's intended, then I will be happy to approve. Thanks!
On the one hand I totally agree. On the other hand we see this happen time and time again in Hollywood -- certain actors and actresses have a worrisome pattern of falling in love with their co stars -- so I guess it's not entirely unlikely...
You're definitely not alone in this. In the past couple days, there have been several anti-Jorge threads, as well as some good discussions about cultural and generational expectations. It's interesting to me that they've managed to make a very bland character into such a divisive figure...
Well I don't think it's just you, since that was his character's shtick for a long time on the show, haha. Emery and all his girlfriends.
Husband and I used to do first-come-first-served seating at bars all the time. Little to no wait; it was great! Then we had kids. :(
&gt;people of all races are encouraged to talk about their racial identity, be proud of their race, be supportive of their ethnic group's institutional success, use political initiatives to represent their race's interests etc., but when whites do it they're Neo-Nazis Well, in many cases, yes. Because there is a centuries-long history of white dominance, that our country has never truly reckoned with, and are in fact still perpetuating in many ways. I'm not saying this character's way of thinking is the only or best way -- but I am saying that I understand it, and I think it can be a useful part of the political spectrum. But obviously I disagree with her that Aaron is a "fake" Latino or a race traitor. I think his perspective is valid and useful as well. Can't speak to the last paragraph because I haven't watched that far yet.
This. Also, I get what OP is saying, and I saw similar discussions/defenses made about GOT, but IMO, it still falls under the umbrella of "bad writing" to switch gears this late in the game. Like, if you're using one kind of storytelling method for years, and then all of a sudden swerve lanes? That's not a great writing decision. Because writing is problem-solving, and writing is promise-making, and if you start solving a different problem, or making a different promise, then you've broken the trust/understanding your audience had with you. All that said, I don't think S5 of JTV is terrible -- and I didn't hate all of S8 of GOT either -- but I definitely think some bad choices were made.
Yes, haha, that. Or were you asking me about the specific incident/episode? It's S2E9. Matthew Morrison guest stars.
Regardless of how the romantic storyline/s play out (or don't), I really like this idea for the title/cross-out screen! It could even happen at the very end of the episode, instead of the beginning.
IMDB calls these "goofs" and I remember fans of shows used to love catching stuff like this; it was FUN, not a cause for uproar (like the Starbucks cup and water bottle on GOT turned out to be).
Hm I disagree. I think CXG and JTV are pretty similar in a lot of ways -- hence why there are so many crossover fans -- and at the very least, they're way more similar than Flash and Grey's, haha.
Context matters. And no one is saying being white is inherently bad. But if you actually care to understand/learn, here is a pretty short and simple and non-aggressive explanation of the difference between "white pride" and other kinds of pride (black, gay, etc.): [https://medium.com/@Rolling\_Shutter/the-difference-between-white-pride-and-black-pride-36f9a58b1af9](https://medium.com/@Rolling_Shutter/the-difference-between-white-pride-and-black-pride-36f9a58b1af9)
The way Jorge treats Alba is... arguably OK, especially based on how Alba explained her own feelings/position, but the way Jorge treated Jane is NOT EVEN REMOTELY OK. Jane was SO respectful and reasonable, whereas Jorge was immature, backhanded, and petty. Ugh. I wonder if this is going to go anywhere, or if it was just a one-off side story for the purpose of getting Jane to move out...
Mod note: This post isn't marked for spoilers, so can you please put the part between "they shouldn't have" and "and it just seems" into spoiler formatting, and then I can re-approve your comment? Thank you!
Yes, the music was really on point! I particularly loved Lorde's "Supercut."
SAAAAAAAME. I just spent... too long, haha, trying to figure out how I'm going to watch this season, since I recently cut cable TV. I think I've decided on buying the season through Amazon Prime.
Update: I just realized I can buy Younger S6 on Amazon Prime, so I think that's what I'm going to do for this season, now that I've cut cable. Prior to that, I'd been thinking I would subscribe to the streaming service Philo (which offers TV Land, and like 50+ other channels) but since I'm not interested in anything else from them, I may as well save $40 over the course of the season. But I will have to wait till the next day instead of watching truly live...
Nigel's face when that happened was like, "Is this really happening? I would get TORCHED..." Inappropriate incident aside, I liked Sumi a lot!
Kaeli was incredible. (And reminded me of Zoe Saldana in Center Stage?) Brandon was great too but his timing/energy felt more nervous, or maybe just slightly less graceful and composed in comparison to Kaeli’s. Either way, they’re both fab and I can’t wait to see more of them.
IIRC yes.
Mod note: Can you please put the last two sentences into spoiler formatting so that the fans who do not want leaks won't see those details? Then I can approve your comment. Thanks!
Philo or Fubo might be your only options then. They each offer a 7-day free trial, and then Philo is only $20/mo after that. Personally I think I'm going to buy the season pass on Amazon ~~Prime~~ and just watch at midnight each time.
Well, you have to pay for the season on top of Prime, but it's only $20 for the whole season in HD. Hm, maybe it has nothing to do with Prime after all...?
All around gorgeous!
I am not 100% positive, but I *think* the only way to "mute" this sub from your homepage would be to unsubscribe on Wed before the episode airs in the US, and then resubscribe once you've watched.
Mod note: This post is pretty clear that it's seeking information from unaired episodes. If you are not interested in that, walk away now, do not scroll down and look at the comments. Thank you.
Mod note: Please remove the second question in your first paragraph, and then I can reapprove your comment. Thank you.
They can add me to the tally today! Finally catching up...
"What do you think?" "I think it's an insult to cheese." "And string."
"Put on your party panties! I'm on my way!"
I don't know what time it came up exactly, but it was on Prime when I woke up the next morning.
I think she just wanted to show support to her friend at a time when he was "freaking out"? But I agree that Claire may not appreciate it and ultimately should have way more say than Liza in anything baby-related.
&gt;interesting setting up the new issue for Charles about getting a new job in his 40’s!! I never thought about how they would flip the show’s premise onto Charles You are brilliant for noticing and I feel dumb for not seeing that that's exactly what they just did.
You're still catching up, but I will summarize/predict thusly: You won't love the first 7-ish episodes of Season 5. Not many of us here in the sub did, especially not former/original Team Michael people.
Mod note: If you want *only* Team Michael fans to be part of this discussion, please add the post flair (or let me know and I can do it for you). Completely up to you, but I just wanted to double check.
In fairness, I feel like an extremely small number of Team Rafael fans are saying this -- they just happen to be extremely vocal in the sub...
Mod note: "Doomed" is vague enough that I think it can stand, but let's try to be spoiler-conscious of all fandoms, not just our own. Especially since it's so much easier now that reddit has site-wide spoiler formatting.
Interesting! Maybe next week you can tell us if that episode was free too? I already bought the season on Amazon so I'm not super stressed either way, BUT there are a LOT of people here who would probably love to just go through the TV Land app if they could.
Lol thanks.
Mod note: Please note and respect the Team Michael flair. We haven't had to lock any threads in a while and we like it that way. It's probably also wise to recognize that Gina seems to be speaking for what she herself would prefer, not necessarily for Jane.
Oh my goodness. You are so right, but I never would have put it together. She looks so different to me in JTV versus in Angel... Wider somehow, and I don't mean fatter or anything! I just mean... like, her bone structure literally looks wider to me now?!
Good to know. We just started a little garden with our toddler daughter, including some little peppers, tomatoes, and strawberries.
Mod note: Yeah the mobile pic is different (and way older) because of how reddit formats things / how things looked at that size.
Fellow Texan chiming in -- I grew up in Houston, though my dad's work means that I spent time in some of the more rural and/or "cowboy-ish" areas outside the city -- and mostly I just wanted to say that I agree rednecks and ranchers are different, but there's also some overlap. Also, I didn't feel like they portrayed New Michael as a redneck. Just... a "country guy." I think Charlie's character was more of a stereotype...
Totally understand. And omg yes the "comin' a courtin'" line was so cringey.
Hello, fellow Orphan Black fan! And I second your opinion of the final season.
For the record, I feel like this is something many Team Michael fans would probably agree with, lol. Whatever flaws our community may have, I feel like everyone is good about separating Michael's character from Brett Dier the person, and Rafael's character from Justin Baldoni the person.
Ugh. Same issue, same frustrations. We have 2 Roku Streaming Sticks, one in our bedroom whose remote works 95% of the time, and one in our living room whose remote is now NOT working 95% of the time. I tend to have a lot of patience for this sort of thing, but even I am at my wit's end. I'll try some of the workarounds here (like moving to the 5GHz network) but IMO it shouldn't be this finicky. As OP said, none of our other electronics are so sensitive. I was planning to get a 3rd Roku for our guest room, but IF I do, it definitely won't be a stick.
Sadly I've tried this, and it didn't work for me. :( Vizio TV and Sony sound bar, fwiw. I can code the Roku remote to control the sound bar instead of the TV, but then I can't power the TV on/off, and I'd rather not leave it on all the time. Sigh... Based on the technology employed/at hand, it doesn't seem like it should be that hard to program the Roku remote to control two different devices at the same time?
I think the only thing you can try is to see if any of the different Roku and/or Vizio codes work for both your TV and your sound bar. Go to the Settings &gt; Remote &gt; Set Up For TV Control menu to redo the setup. It'll play music and ask you when it stops. Any time the music stops, test that setup to see if it will control both TV and sound bar. If not, do the setup process again, but SKIP that code and try the next one. This has worked for a couple people, but unfortunately not for me. (Vizio TV, Sony sound bar.) Good luck!
Whaaaaaat?!? Can you watch live? If not, how soon after do the episodes go up? I wonder if I can get a refund from Amazon... I bought the season there, thinking it was my best way to watch without cable. *Edit: Nope. Ah well. Live and learn.*
He seems so kind and thoughtful! I really liked everything he had to say about marriage. And about Josh and Charles and Liza, actually. (The beginning of the interview is kind of pointless, though...)
Guess I'm in the minority but I never cared for Chuck. He seemed like such a caricature, and not one that appealed to me, nor made any sense to me for Petra.
Mod note: The title is a spoiler, but... it's not exactly a spoiler that people care about? So I think it's OK?
&gt;I wonder what the rules are if they come back from the dead. Do all the students have to take the exam again. LOLLLLLLL. "Surprise! Remember that fellow test-taker who died during your exam? Well, he DIDN'T, actually, so your grade has been retroactively revoked and you have to re-take the test for real this time!"
Well, that's essentially how it is, with the one big exception of the Michael storyline. There are still a surprising number of fans coming to the sub who aren't caught up.
&gt;Is it really a spoiler though? Yes it is -- but again, not one that people care much about, hence my just leaving a comment and not taking any real action. &gt;I think talking about passed seasons in the titles shouldn't be considered spoilers. I respect your opinion -- I personally have never much cared about spoilers one way or another -- but a large enough portion of the community disagrees and wants spoilers (and even more so, leaked info from unaired episodes) to be respected. Also, it's not hard to write titles that don't have spoilers but that people who are caught up would understand. &gt;Thats just dumb to think anyone not caught up would go looking for things that they don't want to find out. The reason we're more concerned with spoilers in titles is precisely because anyone not caught up might stumble upon it on either their reddit home page or on the main page for this subreddit. They don't have to be looking for anything; it just gets put in front of them. &gt;I think we are all in the current season here mainly. You might be surprised.
This might be an unpopular opinion, but if you can try out Rosetta Stone (or a similar program), I would recommend that as a good resource. My husband used RS to teach himself Spanish (which, I KNOW, is VERY different and significantly easier than Mandarin) and as someone who speaks conversational Spanish myself, I was impressed with how much he learned completely on his own from a computer. But he's also a very disciplined person, and programs like Rosetta Stone depend on your own diligence to keep doing it. Which is why I'm still slogging my way through RS for Mandarin, which has been on my computer for like a decade... My (Taiwanese) mom says she can tell that I've improved since doing it, though. I think Duolingo finally has Mandarin as an option now too, and is free (unless they changed things recently), so that's another app to check out. ChineseSkill was what was available before Duolingo added Chinese, and I used that for a bit. (But again, I'm not very disciplined, so I didn't get too far...) And then Pleco and SayHi are good apps to have for translations. [MDBG.net](https://MDBG.net) is a great dictionary site.
Mod note: Someone else posted the same thing rather recently, so you may enjoy joining the conversation there: [https://www.reddit.com/r/JaneTheVirginCW/comments/by9glu/was\_watching\_the\_house\_bunny\_and/](https://www.reddit.com/r/JaneTheVirginCW/comments/by9glu/was_watching_the_house_bunny_and/)
Yeah at first I thought my HBO Now was glitching, but later when her mom talked to her about seeing visions of someone drowning, I realized it was fully intentional.
This is how I feel too. I think she (both the character and the actress) is doing a great job of walking a fine line -- being someone that isn't quite... "normal," for lack of a better word, yet says/does enough good/"right" things that we don't hate her, and we're just left wondering, OK, so then how did Perry get to be the way he is? What role, if any, did she play? For example, when the twins are arguing in the back seat, and Mary Louise snaps at them and basically says "fine men start as fine boys" and "your mother is amazing" (or whatever, I'm paraphrasing) -- it's like, OK, yes, those are nice things to say and believe, BUT ALSO ever so slightly weird in how she said it. And is her influence going to be good or bad on the twins?
Nope, totally agree with you. It's insane to me that someone as "emotionally in touch" as Ed supposedly is, would think that it was appropriate -- and more than that, *essential* to their marital trust/bond -- for his wife to share the secret of other people's trauma with him. Just no. Don't get me wrong, I think the writing and acting on this series is incredible, so this is a nitpick, but I wonder if if he had handled that situation correctly (more like, "Wow, what a heavy thing you've been carrying... I wish I could have helped you with it, but I understand that sometimes you have to keep other people's secrets") would it then have hit him/us even harder when he found out that Madeline kept a *bad* secret from him too (i.e., the affair)?
"She wouldn't fire you for making a hard decision, Kelsey." Um, she obviously WOULD, lol.
ROFL Maggie: "It's coming for me!" And then, "No baby in my uber!"
Oohhh, OK. Maybe I read something about that last season and forgot that it was from the book, then. Thanks! Seems like the show is choosing to go somewhere else, with her mom, rather than with her dad. Hopefully it'll still track well.
I really appreciate that there doesn't seem to be any lingering hostility between Jane and Jorge.
I loved the proposal itself, but I thought the pacing of everything between him and Jane the past couple episodes has been a little off. Like, literally even some different editing of what they filmed could have made it feel more... exciting, for lack of a better word.
I definitely think showing Billy during that part of the voiceover was a misdirect -- but the voiceover itself gave me a different theory about who the new host is, and if I'm right, I'm going to be super sad.
Unfortunately I think the nature of any story that heavily involves a love triangle is that there's going to be back and forth... But I saw lots of cute/exciting stuff in this preview! I think my fave is Josh and Lauren eating (cupcakes?) back to back, with Josh wearing the baby on his chest, haha.
I definitely find that I enjoy the show more when I watch on my own, and then come here to interact with the fun stuff and skip over the ... too-intense stuff.
Mod note: Unfortunately the title of your post is too spoiler-y. Can you re-post with a more vague title? Even just leaving out Rafael's name -- like, "I wish Jane and \_\_\_\_\_\_'s ending was more organic, still feels forced to me" -- would help. Thanks!
Oh noooooo! They must have done it for the premiere to get people interested? Well, another nice thing about doing it via Amazon Prime Video is no commercials!
What is a "clinch" cover??
A LOT of the publishing industry stuff they portray is pretty unrealistic, but yeah, making Kelsey the publisher sort of takes the cake. You know, it might be interesting if she actually fails, and Liza -- being (as we know) older and wiser -- ends up taking over... But anyway, I agree that the way the end of last season went down was a bit Much. But I'll allow it, because TV. As for Liza, I think she respects Charles and his opinions a lot, and that's why she didn't even thinking about it when she told Kelsey what they had discussed. But I also think she's right that it's probably best they not talk about work, at least for a while, even if he does have good ideas. It's just too fresh and fragile for both of them at the moment.
Mod note: Title is too spoiler-y. Please feel free to re-post without spoilers in the title. Thanks!
Mod note: Title is too spoiler-y. Please feel free to re-post without spoilers in the title. Thanks!
Mod note: Please put the rest of the sentence after "Michael" into spoiler formatting, and then I can approve your comment. Thanks!
It definitely wasn't a natural-speaker's accent, but in fairness to Justin Baldoni, I didn't think it was *awful*. I often hear much, much worse from Americans.
I think it depends. In most long-term relationships, there are going to be some compromises and sacrifices. No one is always going to be able to get everything they want. But if you really love the other person and want to make/maintain a future with them, you wouldn't be angry with them about it, at least not forever. (Also, job opportunities are typically easier to come by than compatible life partners.) Like /u/exiledbaystater said, Jane and Adam just weren't on the same page. (And that's OK.)
This, plus doing a stint in jail.
Mod note: Title contains major spoiler. Please feel free to re-post without spoilers in the title. Thanks!
I'm not an expert, but I am publishing adjacent, and I would guess that for a non-experienced young hire (which Liza supposedly was) the low 30s is where she started. I know she got a raise or maybe two over the course of the series, but I doubt she is making 40k. &gt;at least $200k — even at a cash strapped publishing company that’s pretty standard. I can't imagine ANYONE in publishing these days making that much money as their salary. Short of the actual CEOs, maybe. Or maaaaaaybe in bonuses, or if they're an agent and they have some big hit clients (because agents get 15%). And Charles's family company was not, to my understanding, a big potato in the publishing world. More of a small but well-respected outfit.
Oh wow, they found a way to make Jaime Camil not hot... (Or maybe this is a super unflattering screencap?)
Lol it's no biggie. I just... didn't think it was possible for Jaime Camil to not look hot! :P
I know this is not the point of these screenshots, but is it just me or do they kind of give doctors/hospitals a bad name? These days I feel like the opposite happens anyway: breastfeeding is really being pushed, sometimes to the detriment of both mom and baby. Don't get me wrong, though, I'm totally pro-breastfeeding when it makes sense for the family. It's just that, for something that is "biologically natural," it sure doesn't come easy to a lot of moms and babies! So for the record: FED is best, whether breastmilk or formula or some combo.
Upvote for Whities Care Car on Madison. I think they only do Asian brands? My 3-4 experiences with them have been very good.
It's entirely possible my numbers are outdated... but I do still hear a lot of talk about how people starting out in publishing usually have financial support from families, and that's how they can afford to take unpaid internships in college to get their foot in the door, and how they can survive on such low salaries in NYC. (Because, yeah, ~~$30k~~ even $40k in NYC is almost laughable.) This problem is also why publishing lacks a lot of diversity... (Younger gets that part right! Lol...)
Mod note: Can you please edit your post to include a note at the start that there is some leaked info in your post and in comments? That way people who are trying to avoid that stuff will know to read at their own risk? Then I can re-approve your post. Thanks!
I get what you're saying, but it hasn't happened yet, and a LOT of people in the sub are trying to avoid that kind of info and consider it a "leak." So again, thanks for adding the note to your post!
Mod note: Please put "they were at the..." and everything after that into spoiler formatting, because it is leaked info from unaired episodes, and then I can re-approve your post. Thanks!
&gt;She is connecting all this attitude about him with his suspicious death The way that Mary Louise's denial about Perry's behavior is actually leading her to the truth about Perry's death is SUCH an interesting and smart storytelling choice. &gt;It is not easy to understand how her son was actually a monster because the characters are actually dealing with this idea themselves, so they do not seem very convincing &gt; &gt;She is using all her abilities to get more information, while genuinely loving her grandchildren, so she doesn't think she is doing anything bad &gt; &gt;On one side, you imagine she totally screwed up and abused her son. But on the other side, what if she doesn't know what she did? What if she thinks she did everything right, so this journey of discovery is extremely surprising for her? As you point out, so much of Mary Louise (and how Meryl Streep is playing her) is about these tough contradictions. It's wonderfully complex and real-feeling.
I'm curious about Euphoria, because I like Zendaya (although I'm not sure I've ever seen her in anything? lol. just based on reputation I guess) but the show looks more intense than I'm looking for right now... If it's intense but ultimately hopeful (as opposed to cynical) then I might still be able to do it...?
Haha OK thanks. I will probably wait for the whole season to come out and see what the overall trajectory is.
Stumbled across this today and it is relevant! [https://www.publishersweekly.com/pw/by-topic/industry-news/publisher-news/article/78554-the-pw-publishing-industry-salary-survey-2018.html](https://www.publishersweekly.com/pw/by-topic/industry-news/publisher-news/article/78554-the-pw-publishing-industry-salary-survey-2018.html) cc /u/tropjeune
&gt;She should update her will Look at you being all real-world-practical. :P
LOL at the comment AND at the emojis.
For as close as Jane and Petra seem to be, it's a little weird how hands-off they are with each other's kids. Like, I seem closer to kids I know in my daughter's daycare class? But then again, they parent REALLY differently, so...
&gt;And where's Jorge? Meh.
Mod here, just caught it, sorry.
Mod note: Title = spoiler. Feel free to re-post with no spoilers in the title.
Yeah I mean considering "get at least a basic will once you turn 30" has been on my to-do list for over 3 years now... (I am finally doing it next week! Because my second kiddo is due in August...)
Hm I read the B99 episode totally differently. Amy wanted kids and it was a dealbreaker for her, and that's all totally fair. (It happens a lot in real life.) The debate was over the top, obviously, but I can forgive that because it's a comedy. I thought from the start that Jake was more on the fence about kids, leaning toward no but not absolute on that. And then over the course of the episode, we see -- and more importantly, Jake realizes -- that a lot of his hesitation is because he's afraid he'll be a bad dad like his father was, when obviously we know that's not going to be the case, because he's nothing like his dad, and also because his relationship with Amy is totally different and way healthier than his parents' was. So when that realization comes to the surface, Jake feels differently about the situation. It's not that Amy "won" or Jake's feelings were invalid; it's that his perspective changed when he realized what his own motivations truly were.
I just came to say that too. I wonder if it was unscripted, from the expression on Justin's face. In fairness, the glasses did look awesome on Andrea (Xiomara).
"The sequel is never as good as the original." Ouch, Rogelio! And kind of a weird comment, considering all the build-up to this pairing and wedding...
"Poach Jane's eggs," lol. "Turns out I could have been way sluttier in high school." I know infertility is really hard, but I admit, I appreciate them injecting some humor into a tough situation.
TBH I'm shocked Rogelio hasn't been more obnoxious about putting their lives on social media prior to this.
"It's your body, your choice." A++
Jane's questions for Lina are totally fair -- things they need to consider before making this decision together -- but I also think that expecting Lina to have all the answers right away, and/or to agree with her immediately, was a bit much.
"What about all your questions before? You wouldn't have asked anyone else all that stuff." "That's true. Because I wouldn't consider doing it for anyone else. Only you." &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Why do they keep calling Lina's hypothetical baby "she"?
I thought it was kind of cruel to ask him to dance again, and with someone who wasn't even competing (right?), only to give him all no's again. Like, what was the point? And what were the odds that he was going to be THAT much better with a partner? And they kept complimenting his smile, as if that's a consolation... Granted, he seemed to take the whole thing well, so I applaud him for that.
Ah, you're paying closer attention to the logistics of it than I am, hehe. Maybe there's built-in support/lining in some of them? I had some tops like that in middle/high school, and for small-chested people, that can work.
I'm P&amp;G-adjacent, and very interested in issues of diversity, so thank you for sharing this. I found it a worthwhile watch -- can't believe how recently some of this stuff happened! -- and I think it's cool that P&amp;G took part in producing this. (In conjunction with Great Big Story, I guess? Never heard of them before.) I respect P&amp;G not shying away from their past actions, and celebrating the key figures who pushed past the barriers to make P&amp;G a better community. From the article: &gt;Today, GABLE has 5,000 members in more than 50 countries, and P&amp;G is one of the most LGBTQ-friendly companies in the world. Yeah, that's what I've seen in my experience with the company and from friends who work there. So your comment (about IB being more liberal/accepting) surprises me... But your experiences are your experiences, and mine are mine. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Lovely. :) Speaking as someone who has been with my partner for 13-14 years, with one young kid and another on the way... Dinner out with my husband where we actually TALK to one another, and get to connect and remember how much we still enjoy each other's company, without having to cut up a tiny person's food or play make-believe with them or whatever... Well, those nights have been more than enough of a good time, for me, anyway. (Although I can pretty much always use a massage, haha...)
&gt;I really don’t think Zane is a jerk in his personal life, but he plays the game he needs to play in business within reason. I agree! But I do wonder if they weren't sure they would get to keep the actor when they first brought him into the show (because he was a lead on the CW's "The Originals" at that time) so they wrote him (or let him be portrayed) as more smarmy initially, giving themselves room for him to be good or bad as needed for the plot? Because Zane has definitely gotten so much better overall, while still having that cockiness about him. Yes, I would love to see Kelsey and Zane running some new venture together in the end! Maybe this new Mercury company? Totally agree about everything with Clare and Josh and co-parenting. And it's worth saying again: I'm really glad they're on the same page with it, because I've unfortunately seen situations in real life where one person wanted to stay together for the kids and the other didn't, and it got... ugly, to say the least.
Mod note: Please put the part that says "that \_\_\_\_ will \_\_\_\_ in the \_\_\_\_\_ season" into spoiler formatting, as that is potentially leaked info from unaired episodes and many fans are trying to avoid seeing that sort of thing. Then I can re-approve your comment. Thanks!
LOL. I suspect it has more to do with an editing mistake -- but your version is funnier.
Mod note: Please put "almost exactly like \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_" into spoiler formatting, as that is potentially leaked info from unaired episodes, which many fans are trying to avoid. Then I can re-approve your very thoughtful post. Thanks!
Ah, didn't know that! Putting my moderator hat on for a moment... Could you please put your second sentence into spoiler formatting, as it contains potentially leaked info from unaired episodes? Then I can re-approve your comment. Thanks!
Mod note: The title of this post does not give warning that leaked info will be discussed, and many fans are trying to avoid that. Some people were able to comment before we removed this, but if you desire further discussion, please feel free to re-post with a title that does not include spoilers but better indicates that leaked info will be discussed. For example: "\[Speculation Based on Leaks\] Will Someone Die, and If So, Who?" And please be sure to throw a spoiler tag on it. Thank you!
Mod note: Title contains a spoiler. (Granted not a hugely important one, but still.) Please feel free to re-post without spoilers in the title. Thanks!
Thanks! Re-approved!
Not related, but ROFL at your username. So good.
Underrated response.
Yeah, I agree that Lina probably wants a girl, and that's why she kept referring to the hypothetical baby as a "she" -- but just to be clear: Chrissy Teigen and John Legend didn't modify any genes. They had a few different eggs that were successfully fertilized, and they decided they wanted a girl first, so they implanted that egg into Chrissy's womb. People can still debate that choice (or even the ability to make that choice) but it's not the same as modifying genes.
Whoa, the eCal permissions are ridiculous. But, if you go through the MLS link, there's also an option to just get the link to the calendar, and then you can import that to Google Calendar on your own. That's what I just did, after realizing the fan-made calendar has seemingly disappeared. (Boo.) No permissions were required. webcal://ics.ecal.com/ecal-sub/5d18194b86aa8b09118b4570/Major%20League%20Soccer.ics
Haha no worries!
I’m from Houston, I’m married to a Bills fan, so I pretty much “converted.” (This works like religion, right?) I’m not sure I’ve ever been so stressed in my life…
I’ve been yelling at my TV, and pacing back-and-forth. Luckily my two little kids don’t seem to mind. My dog on the other hand…
Hello it me too.
CSL is amazing and absolutely the reason I was interested in This Is Us when it was first announced.
Please in OTR. They’re not on Open Table, but they use a different reservation system you can check.
“You will not get past me.” Gahhhhh. Any/every parent knows that feeling though.
I like your version better... :/
I’m only about halfway through but damn this is hard to take. It’s the Randall Pearson Trauma Hour, and the man has been through a lot. The way he ran to get Beth during the fire drill though. &lt;3
Sorry for the nitpick but for the first time, I struggled to suspend my disbelief with this show, because I couldn’t get over The (Real) Good Place being... the Getty Museum in LA? Lol. I mean it IS a beautiful spot, but it’s also so recognizable if you’ve been there...
Haha yeah but it's as if JTV itself is the person. I like it.
Romy &amp; Michele is THE BEST. &lt;3
1600 when he took it. Real Eddie is older than I am, and it didn't change to 2400 until after me. (It's back to 1600 btw. So weird, lol.)
I think a lot of shows peak in their second seasons. Because they've got enough experience under their belt, a good grasp on the characters, etc., but they haven't run out of ideas yet.
LOVE the water idea. Not a full playground, but maybe a few play items incorporated somehow. Ex: [a tic-tac-toe board](https://www.playlsi.com/en/commercial-playground-equipment/playground-components/tic-tac-toe-panel/) on one wall, a [small slide incorporated to the stairs](https://i.pinimg.com/474x/e6/64/9a/e6649a843a0f33ba5d8ffafef8bdf48f--slide-stairs-metal-slide.jpg) along the back, maybe a little [stand-up spinner](https://www.playlsi.com/en/commercial-playground-equipment/playground-components/curva-spinner-stainless-steel/). And just as a baseline, the wooden bench donated by TriHealth really, really needs to be replaced. It is/was a great feature, but the wood is all rotted, and tons of trash has been slipped through the slats. :(
But she already explained: she doesn't experience time the way we do, so she's not alone, because she is simultaneously living in the "present" and ALSO living in the "past" with all her Team Cockroach friends.
Another perspective: Maybe it's for the best that he never knew, so he doesn't have to have complicated feelings about it one way or the other.
Anyone know how our numbers are looking as we continue to reopen? It’s so hard trying to balance the desire for some normalcy, with the reality that we are still in a pandemic. But it’s also not like we’re NYC...
Wait, so did this person get it from you, or did you two get the same shot, or...? [https://www.instagram.com/p/CBn2evwgQvv/](https://www.instagram.com/p/CBn2evwgQvv/) Edit, to clarify: I saw this link first, via a friend, and just want to know which is the original so I can use that moving forward. Not trying to start shit.
I mean, yes. If they re-post it with credit, that's one thing. But they're passing off his (incredible) photo as their own. Not cool. (And not legal, though probably not worth taking to court.)
Glad he updated his post. The credit was definitely not there initially.
This is awesome to know, thank you. As a consumer, I really want a mega list of trustworthy places...
Mod note: That is one of the 3 major spoilers that are not permitted in titles. Feel free to re-post with a non-spoiler title, if you like. Thanks!
Good to know! Adding this to the list of Places Doing It Right, so we know who to patronize. FWIW Nicola’s does good carryout too. We’ve had it a couple times during the pandemic so far.
I am a very casual member here — mostly lurk, occasionally comment — and I generally think the mods have done a good job. Is there some reason not to just replace some of the mods who need to step back at this time, and then continue on as we have been? Tbh, I’m probably not going to vote. I just don’t pay enough attention to individual users to know who would make a good mod or not. And then to do that every 6 months?? I really hate to rain on this parade, as it is so clearly fueled by good intentions and I’m sure lots of hard work behind the scenes. But it just feels like a lot of effort to solve a problem that ... might not even really exist?
Question for the restaurant industry workers here: what are your feelings about people who choose to dine in (indoor or outdoor seating)? Should we be wearing masks when not eating? Or just when servers are around? Or does it not matter? Should we not be coming in at all? And what about delivery or take out? Is that cool, or still problematic and you’d rather not be working at all right now? (Would be happy to hear from delivery people about this one, too.) Trying to get a host of opinions, so that my family and I can make better informed decisions about how to support the restaurant industry and its workers. Thanks.
I feel like fan bases tend to pick a side whenever there is a love triangle, and the "Team \_\_\_\_" thing started back with Twilight and just gets used a lot. IIRC, here at the sub we added "Team \_\_\_\_\_" flair options sometime during Season 2, just to try to get people more engaged, but it wasn't limited to Rafael or Michael. It was more about picking a favorite character, and included all of the main cast (Jane, Rogelio, Petra, etc.). We got rid of those flairs as default options during Season 5 because things got too heated.
Def a great thing to do. And I’ve heard that typically only 9 or 10 (out of 10) count as “good,” so be generous with your ratings. (What does it cost you?)
Yep. Will be sure to order carryout from them when they open up again. (And they’re not nearby so I’ll go out of my way.)
I'd like to know alternatives too. The ones that come to mind are Sling TV, and Spectrum Choice. We "cut the cord" from a bloated Spectrum package and jumped to YTTV a couple months before the increase from $40 to $50. I found that price hike to be acceptable. This one, not so much. To be fair, I think YTTV is really, really great product. But TV just isn't essential. Especially not when we already have Netflix, Noggin, Prime Video, Hulu, Disney+... The problem for us, eventually, will be live sports... NFL and MLS are top priority, but honestly my husband watches all of it just as his way to decompress.
Do they have live sports offerings? (I mean, not right now during the pandemic, obviously. But under normal circumstances?)
I just sent feedback explaining that I will be canceling because of this. I suggest everyone who is upset do the same. Settings &gt; Membership (should open to this automatically) &gt; "Learn More" (next to the line about the price increase)
Thanks, and sorry I asked you a question I should have just looked up myself, lol. I just checked for my zip code, and yeah, they basically have all the same stuff we "need" that YTTV had too. (Main local channels; ESPN; FOX sports.) For $55/mo. Not unlimited DVR like YTTV has and which I do like, but isn't essential. No PBS.
Sadly, even after just 15 min of looking around, I think you're right. :/ My only consolation is that even with this increase, my family is still saving about $75/mo from our previous bloated Spectrum package.
