The finals makes everybody emotional, no getting around it. I'm so fucking cranked up I don't know what to do with myself
The NFL has suspended Oskar Sundqvist for this hit
&gt; Were we this salty after the hand pass? Yes. We were definitely that fucking salty, no question about it.
I say this again and again, video review is meant for the Denkinger play, not for is he offside by a fucking millimeter. Replay is for howlers, not 50-50 plays.
G U M P T I O N
He's bad about using arbitrary endpoints. I wish he would do that less. But I appreciate how he at least tries to reinforce his arguments with numbers. (It works a hell of a lot better for baseball than hockey obviously.)
I don't miss them at all. I'm glad to have new teams to hate this year, it's invigorating
The hell with Pivetta. I'll take Yonny
Hockey forces you to really look at the schedule for coming week, too. Maximizing the number of games you get from skaters is huge. Dropping a fringe guy cause he only has a two game week coming up and getting a guy with four is a big difference. In baseball that isn't nearly as important, although you do have to do that with SPs (especially in leagues with weekly transaction limits, etc).
Yep. Needed to make room for Blackmon. Two months in a shallow league is long enough
I'll never second-guess myself for ducking DeGrom, especially if I can pick on the Giants instead....but I admit I totally forgot about the revenge game angle. I don't think it would've changed my mind though. Shit happens
LOL he's listed at 6'5" 280. That's fucking hilarious, I don't remember him being that big with the Cardinals
Yep. People always equate steroids with HRs but the pitchers were on them too. I hate how that always gets left out.
Winnipeg's game plan was to intimidate us, and it didn't work. Fucking Scheifele ran Binny in the first 30 seconds of the series. Then by the end of the series, the Jets were worn out but the Blues kept coming. It's not just that the Blues are hitting, it's that teams try to respond in kind and the Blues are apparently better than everyone else at *absorbing* hits. To borrow a term from boxing, the Blues have a strong chin. How some of these guys that are logging huge minutes like Petro and Bouwmeester are still going, I have no idea. Yeo's plan was clearly to get away from that heavy Hitchcock style, and that failed miserably. They definitely got more physical once Berube took over.
*crickets*
You'd think the Braves coaching staff would be trying to get him to be more choosy
They're close. I think I'd rather gamble on Didi, dude was a monster last year and the Yankees are going to keep getting stronger as the year goes along
McGwire always said he started the roids because he healed faster. Remember he had a lot of back problems. I assume pitchers were doing the same thing. It wasn't about getting stronger necessarily, it was about recovery time.
He's been terrible this week. Hopefully it's just a blip, he's usually so consistent
Lopez is probably the best choice, but Wainwright's also a possibility if you don't care about your rate stats.
Bader to Waveland. JMart just missed one too. Lester looks godawful right now
Flaherty is just all over the place
Carp almost threw that ball away, good thing Goldy's 6'4" or whatever
Good idea, bad execution
No way I'm giving you Sale for two sell-low guys
Not enough. Murphy is heating up, Dietrich's going to be a part-timer when Gennett comes back, Paddack's on an innings restriction ROS
Charitable bounce off the corner of the bullpen door for Baez, turns a double into a triple. Not really sure Ozuna could've done anything to prevent that
Much as I could use a dinger, Rizzo, that was clearly foul
It's bizarre that there've been so many near misses in this game with the wind blowing in
Jesus this ump is just guessing back there. That was 100% strike 3 to Rizzo
Yep
&gt; J. Turner walked, D. Freese scored, J. Pederson to third, M. Muncy to second. M. Muncy to third, J. Turner to second, J. Pederson out advancing on throw The hell?
Lopez, I think
El cheapo 1 out save for Doolittle. Alright, alright
Hot damn
Schwartz - Schenn - Tarasenko Sanford - ROR - Perron Maroon - Bozak - Thomas Blais - Sundqvist - Steen It'll be interesting to see whether that 4th line can continue keeping the Bergeron line bottled up without Barbashev, I'm not sure they can. But Thomas coming back makes the Bozak line a lot more dangerous offensively.
I think I'm gonna hurl
Ozuna looks like he's on a mission against Alcantara
I LOL'd when he took his hat off. He was ready to throw down.
Man I hate it when I get my horses lined up for a two-start week against a bottom-dwelling team. I could've really used this Sale start last week
It's the official scorer at the ballpark dithering. It did the same on Yahoo
Dongmon
Just saying, I'd love to be in a position to complain about "only" 4 Ks 0 ER 6 IP from a guy freely available on the wire
In my flair league (W/L/K/ERA/WHIP/NSV), Wheeler is ranked #498 coming into today. In my other league (6x6 W/QS/K/ERA/WHIP/SV with normal sized rosters), Wheeler is ranked #126.
They just hung 16 on Milwaukee last week didn't they?
Everytime they have an off day or a rainout it'll throw that off though. That's part of the whole point of the opener strategy, it's hard to know which of your platoon bats to play.
Goldschmidt just missed a HR by about 6". Hit the top of the high part of the wall in LF. If he'd hit it a few feet toward left center it would've been out too.
Little of both, Cards offense has been slumping for a month now and Hernandez has good looking stuff. They're starting to get dialed in better third time through however
So you're buying a lottery ticket today, right?
No fly balls in the champagne room
Smoked a liner to right-center. Also has a SB in this game
Morton and it's not close
The platoon split being out of whack for a switch hitter is telling to me. Makes me wonder if he's nursing something that doesn't bother him righty but does lefty. He should just bat RH for a while and see what happens.
That could be part of it too, he's been a high contact spray hitter in the past. And it's so much easier to shift against lefties. 3B can be vacated with no RISP, but 1B has to be covered on every single pitch no matter what. eta: the OBP problem in addition to the SLG problem is what makes me suspect something other than the shift, but the shift sure as hell isn't going to help him if he's trying to pull everything.
GVF is a tribute band that doesn't admit it. I'll concede that they're obviously quite talented for being so young, but they need to grow out of the tribute band thing, absorb some other influences, and come up with something more original.
Got both sides of Lynn @ Porcello, this is stressful. I just want a W and a couple of QS and then exit stage left
Here we go. All the marbles. Win or lose, just give us a good, close game with minimal bullshit and controversy.
I'm so fuckin drunk and I don't care. I love all you weird fuckers. GLORIAAAAAAAAAAAA
They tried to make me go to ~~rehab~~ the ECHL, I said no no no
They just won't. go. away.
Fuck's sake that's how much everybody hates the goddamn Broons. NORTH AMERICA'S TEAM
The Blues have won the Stanley Cup more recently than the Cubs have won the World Series. What fucking timeline even is this
*.800. He was 16-20. Point stands though. Rask didn't suck in this game, those first two especially were close to unstoppable, but he didn't steal it.
Did you see Major League? Basically that, without the storybook ending.
AKA the Beltre
Aaaaaaaaaand they fucking bring out the tarp for real now. This is one of the dumbest things I have ever seen
Oh no, definitely keep going with J-Verse. You haven't gotten to several of the best parts of the story yet.
Justin Donger
They're a fucking juggernaut. I have no idea what they do once everybody's healthy.
Murphy's started to get rolling too after a super slow start
Yordan, I guess. Better lineup and he's a lefty. Honestly it ought to be a coinflip. Biggest knock on Yordan might be that the Astros are so hilariously stacked he might lose playing time once they get Springer/Tuve back
BS for Davis. You can never have enough runs in Colorado
How the fuck is Josh Naylor going to 0-6 in a game with 22 runs scored
11-11 in the 11th in Colorado
SANTA MARIA!
*Stan Kroenke has entered the chat*
Title runs will do that. Like captainGeraffe said, as long as noobs don't pretend like they aren't noobs, I'm happy to fill somebody in. It's not like Jackman was a superstar or something, you can't expect somebody who's just picking up hockey to know about a stay-at-home defenseman who's been retired for several seasons.
Keep in mind they also badly underestimated how many people turned out for the street parties for the SCF games, which is why Busch Stadium sold tickets for Gm7. I mean badly like expected ~30K and got north of 100K. So it absolutely wouldn't surprise me if the pre-Wednesday parade/rally estimates were substantially low too.
I would've said that before the playoffs. Meier's an animal
Absolutely. No offense to OP but the basic style is just terrible, especially in comparison to how the real jerseys look.
You can find stuff like that on the splits page on baseball-reference.com
4.40 ERA, 3.06 FIP, 3.95 xFIP, 3,98 SIERA. Putting up career best K%, SwStr%, BB%. 2nd highest fastball usage in the majors (after Happ), but he's using his slider more this year and getting killer results with it. He'll probably face some negative regression with HRs at some point (see the FIP-xFIP disparity; also Arlington is very HR friendly) but I don't think this is a mirage at all.
Not gonna second-guess myself about fading Porcello against Minnesota, but he's pitched a hell of a game.
Ditto...makes me feel better about him ROS
Great analysis OP. Personally I think the Rangers are getting the better of this, but maybe I'm underrating Pionk. I don't think they got ripped off, I just think the Rangers are getting a solid piece at a discount.
This is wrong. He wasn't trying to deaden it like you would with a sacrifice, where you want the catcher to field it. Bunting for a hit to a vacated side of the infield means a hard bunt is ideal, you don't want anybody to field it. You're right about the angle being the important part, however.
The defense playing you straight-up is the actual goal here. You *want* them to stop shifting, because then your OBP when swinging away goes up.
Exactly. The Marlins dropped a pop-up right after this, so Carp scored. Completely unnecessary run to give up.
This is exactly the play I was thinking of. I love it so much, the defense is giving you all of that, just take it already!
Unless you're chasing SBs, I'd easily start Brantley over Mallex.
I can't ever keep Trevor Richards and Trevor Williams straight. At least Kyle Kendrick is out of the league, anyway.
Machado's been getting unlucky. He's still hitting the ball hard and his periphs are there. He had a stretch like this in early 2017 that was actually worse, and he turned it around. He's also running some nasty home/away splits, I think he's a slam dunk to turn it around.
Yeah, I want to see him get deeper into games. He still walks too many guys
Flaherty with a fucking *savage* pickoff move to get H. Ramirez. sploosh.jpg
He's worth a stream at home against Miami, that's for sure. I wouldn't expect a real deep start
Gibson scuffling would be easier to take if I wasn't 7/62 on the week
My guess would be Carpenter 7/20/18 @ CHC. 5-5 with 3 HR, 2 2B, 4 R, 7 RBI. Taken out in the 6th for a defensive replacement.
5 man infield. Hit it hard right at him, standing about two steps to the left of 2nd. It was exactly what they needed
Walkoffschmidt
Goldy hit one foul by a couple of feet in the 9th....then had a solid AB in the 11th where he fouled off several pitches before he killed the last one. Landed on the concourse in left-center, Yahoo says 454' which sounds about right. That was a no-doubter
Drop one when Gallo comes back: Mikolas, Porcello, Quintana, Lynn, S. Gray, Gibson. Not flair league, 12T 6x6 (OPS/QS). Eventually I'll have Manaea coming back, but that's another 3-4 weeks from now. At that point I might drop Pressly or whoever my weakest closer is, not sure yet.
Are we not doing phrasing anymore?
I almost dropped Porcello for a streamer this week and then he went and hung seven scoreless on fucking Minnesota....this game is so hard to figure sometimes LOL
I'd say make the swap when Gallo comes off the IL. I don't think Ryu is *this* good and he's as much of an injury risk as anyone else is.
Eh that's good value. Goldy isn't really running any more and Whit has some sexy multi-eligibility
(X) Doubt
That might be what it takes to pry DeGrom loose but I think it's too much
I'm facing Bum tonight, so I streamed Freese. He has hilarious head to head #s against Bum
Million dollar arm, ten cent head
Yo!
Got him at #41 LOL
Oh that's right you have that goofy no-IL league. That setup makes weeks like this happen if you get hit with the injury bug that hard
Voit. Less raw power but way better rate stats
Totally
Oh my goodness. What a fucking taco move
Fucking Miller....
Semien 100%. Should probably be rostered regardless
I can totally see betting on Machado over Polanco ROS, but Conforto is an expensive throw-in. I think I'd want a pitcher or something as a secondary piece coming back. Upton/Meadows/Conforto are all pretty even honestly.
You nailed it, they were heavily right-handed. Late in the season Didi was banged up, Hicks too. Cost me pretty heavily in my finals as it turned out.
It was just different, that's all. Anybody that says they didn't enjoy watching McGwire and Sosa in 1998 is lying. Roids also tend to bring up discussion of hulking sluggers hitting dingers, but the pitchers were juicing too. I hate how unbalanced that conversation always is.
Diaz save opp. Bote/Caratini/Heyward.
Doesn't matter. I'd have a slight preference to hang onto Teheran just cause he's younger but whatever. Go get Riley
If Chris Sale could settle down and stop giving up hits to Eric fucking Sogard, that'd be great
Bader's lucky that wasn't an inside-the-parker LOL
Harper with a bag, nice
Guess we must have hit the EPA limit for airborne nostalgia
Somehow that was Aaron Miles' fault, I just know it
Welp. I streamed Ariel Jurado so I get what I deserve
And then Trout beats out a chopper down the third base line. Dude is something else
Fucking Kozma
Calhoun might be the streakiest guy in either league, he's like Grichuk. Goes nuclear for a few weeks and then goes back to sleep for two months
David Fletcher, meet Yadi Molina. Yadi, David.
He hit that out of the fucking park? AFAIK that would be a first for Busch III
It's raining steals for me today. Puig, Harper, now Choo. This is like two weeks worth of steals for me normally
It's bizarre to me that Pujols took so long to get back here that the *Blues won the Cup first*
Albert recreating the Mark Reynolds/sunflower seeds meme on that single by Wacha
Pitchers and throwing errors, name a more iconic duo
STL just grows these guys in a fucking vat, I swear. In almost every other organization he'd have way more hype.
They just need to get rid of Frazier so McNeil can start in the infield. McNeil's offensive skillset kind of screams middle infield don't it?
Pujols gets a curtain call on the road. Don't see that very often
I'm sure it has but I can't think of one off the top of my head. Maybe Edmonds coming back to STL
Classic
That video sure makes him look like more of a finisher than a distributor. I dig it, if that's the case
If Treinen's going to the IL, it's got to be Hendriks
r/wat
Invest in Tanaka memes
Not watching, what happened?
Conforto's sitting, so I can't hide both Voit and LeMahieu from Verlander. Which would you rather start? Leaning Voit, curious what the hivemind thinks.
Yeah, and he's more likely to take a walk I think. I've got modest leads in the counting stats but I'm .003 back in OBP. That's an 80 grade username by the way.
LOL it happens to the best of us
Not great, but Baltimore's a pretty soft matchup. Stranger things have happened
LOL Congrats on your shiny new Thor.
I could see how that would be stressful
I don't think the possibility of bribery invalidates the idea that governments should regulate dangerous industries in the interest of safety. If anything, the party of Trump would either block tightening anti-bribery statutes, or they'd just gut the agency responsible for enforcement. And then brag about how transparent they were.
&gt; it's not a magic solution to the problem either Who said anything about magic? Is there some other way to prevent major industrial accidents other than government oversight, in this or any other country? Obviously there's no system that will ever be foolproof, but that's no excuse for complacency and inaction in the face of a clear and known danger. I just don't understand how you can look at the Tianjin disaster and think a non-response from the government is justifiable. I don't mean prosecuting the individuals responsible, I mean taking some sort of affirmative, preventative measures. Because it clearly was preventable. Fire escapes and sprinkler systems were not the norm before the Triangle Shirtwaist fire. Somebody had to lobby for those, and it's not like industry just said "yep you're right, our bad, we'll get on that right away." Essentially you're saying that since fire inspection officials can potentially be bribed, why have fire safety regulations in the first place? Which seems completely insane to me.
Then why use a loaded term like "big government" in your original comment?
Apologies then, I entirely missed the sarcasm. And yes, there are entire subreddits full of people that would make that kind of argument with a straight face.
People got fucked up by liners before cell phones were a thing
Skaggs: 1 BB Trout: 0-2 ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Just give Wong the fucking Gold Glove already, wow
Nooooo I need this QS from Mikolas fuuuuuck
Wong got a base hit, so they PH for him. 90 pitches but he could've gone at least the one more inning against Fletcher/Rengifo/Garneau.
I can't remember the last time I saw a pitcher field a wild pitch
~~Third runner thrown out by Molina in this series. Where the hell was Ohtani going?~~ e: never mind, I'm just stoned
No idea. The fact that they haven't IL'd him yet is a good sign, I guess
Bud Black comes to mind
Mike1035
Recency bias much? Gant's been lights out other than last night.
Broken clock etc etc
Some leagues just don't trade much. Don't waste time on looking for trades, those leagues are all about the wire. OTOH you could propose some rules tweaks for next year, like limiting add/drops on a weekly or yearly basis. Adding roster spots (IL, NA, or just bench spots) would increase the depth of the league and make the wire shallower. Both of those things would encourage trading.
The reason I looked up the pitchers' hitting leaderboard is Danny Jansen is hitting .168/.253/.237, which is a 34 wRC+ and (with a cutoff of 20 PA) would put him as the 12th best hitting pitcher, between Hendricks and Marquez.
DJ LeMahieu is en fuckin fuego right now. 23 runs, 6 HRs, 26 RBI, 2 bags, .325 average, .373 on-base last 30 days. And he's 2-2 now tonight.
I hung onto him in my flair league thank fuck, but I had him for a while as a fill-in for Murphy in my OPS/dynasty league and I wish I'd dropped fuckin Murphy instead. Hindsight....
Always a nice feeling when you pick a good streamer, innit? Sabathia with 9 Ks, sure didn't see that coming.
[The Yankees right now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7-tskP0OzI)
PSA: Chris Taylor is starting almost every game recently, he gets 4 games @ COL later in the week, and he's probably available in your league.
Whoa. Jays want to make this interesting
He's fucking terrible. Every time I see his name, I assume runs are imminent.
They're going to tinker for a while. Lotta mouths to feed in that lineup. #5 isn't a bad spot to hit, there will be plenty of traffic on in front of him.
Well....you could just sit Gallo on the grounds that it's his first game back from ~3 weeks off. Otherwise I'd say it's between Pham (Gibson) or Alvarez (Williams) on the grounds that those two pitchers are at least half-ass decent. Yeah I think it's time to sell one of those guys.
Harper would be the one I'd look to flip then, sounds like he's got the big name your league would value highly
I think any of those three would be more likely to get the Trout owner interested than Severino, yeah. Just my 2 cents. In fact I think I'd just message the Trout owner and say Acuna + one of Nola/Giolito/Eloy and go from there.
I bet he sits in one and starts the other. Even if he sits he might be worth keeping in the lineup, because he'd almost certainly pinch hit.
We knew he was going to be a windmill. I just wish he would take some walks
This is an epic AB from Cafecito here. Just missed doubles down both lines
FWIW the Cards have won 9 of their last 14. They had a terrible May but the pitching and defense have been solid in June
I'm pretty high on him still. He's much less rigid than Matheny, they've got the most steals in the NL, the defense is better, and he worked all the way up the ladder from a scout to being an MLB manager. Not really much to dislike that I can think of, beyond wishing he could sprinkle some Devil Magic™ on the top third of the lineup.
Carpenter hits one to the angle in the wall in right-center....Laureano just lost track of the wall and stumbled. I think they'll call that a triple but that could've been an E8.
Yep, it's a triple. He kind of overran it and lost track of the wall, when he tried to come back forward he stepped on the base of the wall.
Generous strike 3 call against Laureano there
Pinder with an upper decker. Wow
Sure, if your OF is deep enough. Definitely buying super-high on DJ
Chris Taylor with a fucking bag siiiiiiick
Musta got it off the end of the bat
Attaboy Jackson. 1-2-3 with 2 Ks
It's funny, for somebody who was like Plan C or D for the 9th inning and still seems like he's one more bad outing from being replaced, he's got really good peripherals for the season....but I guess the 1.29 WHIP and .359 BABIP have something to do with it.
No way. Not nearly enough value for Choo
Absolutely do that, yeah
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
Breathe man, breathe. Go to your happy place
I think he's just swinging too much. 45.1 Swing% vs a career average of 41.2
Right, I'm trying to come up with a reason he's been bunching them together if he's only got two guys who aren't right handed.
I don't think I've ever used that function once
Drop Strip, that's a no-brainer
About the same, really
Gallo &gt;&gt; Olson Diaz &gt; Jackson I really like Jackson but give me A
Gallo is rocking a .420 OBP right now. Olson's is .335
Goddammit Bell I needed more than 0-1 with a walk in 2 PAs against a position player (!!!) eta: whoops, that's two different position players, I missed that Stassi came in from the (air quotes) bullpen
Man I tried to trade for him in early April and got absolutely nowhere too. Guess I lucked out
I'd take Kep over Franmil, I think
Diaz :(
I don't even think that was a bad pitch, really. Maybe they wanted it below the zone I guess but it's on the outside corner. I can't believe he drove it so hard to left-center like that.
Yes, yesterday was his side session day anyway. Shouldn't impact his Sunday start unless we hear otherwise.
If McConnell had been Senate Majority Leader for Nixon, he'd have served out his term. McConnell is shameless.
I'd take Brantley over Benintendi
I don't agree that Shildt is bad at running a bullpen, but I'll admit I don't quite understand the quick hook for Gant.
I think it's a good record, but I definitely didn't get on the first listen. I think the right way to approach it is to avoid thinking of it as Crimson record and take it on its own terms.
Exactly. They're going to put the screws to us in Iraq, both via proxy violence but also via increased political influence in the Iraqi government. And they're going to pressure us at the UN, the ICC, etc. Whereever they can bring pressure in international circles, they will. Responding with something as high-profile as a tit-for-tat assassination of a high-ranking American official or a 9/11 style suicide attack on American soil doesn't sound like Iran's style at all. I'd be looking for a new job if I worked at any Trump-branded hotel overseas, though.
&gt; I just used it as an example of Trump showing restraint. Some "restraint".... &gt; Suleimani nickname (shadow warrior) was a bad man. Not in dispute. Also doesn't justify the action taken. Not just killing him, although that's clearly a problem. I mean killing him *on Iraqi soil*, which would seem to pose a major problem for the Iraqi government, wouldn't it? &gt; He was also probably planning more attacks on Americans. Why wasn't Congress briefed then? How come Boris Johnson didn't know about this either? Oh but Lindsey Graham knew. Right, that makes all the sense in the world. eta: And even taking the Administration at face value about the "imminent attack" justification, how would assassinating this guy *prevent* that attack? Was he supposed to be personally conducting it or something? &gt; Go ahead though defend that man because Orange man bad. Low effort response.
The idea that Soleimani was "planning an attack on the US." is not supported in your source (which is from July 2018). The "destroy all that you possess" line sounds like bluster to me. He even refers to "asymmetric war," which sounds to me like he was planning much smaller-bore operations in the MENA region through proxies, i.e. business-as-usual for the last 20-plus years. Probably he was involved with the protest/siege of the American Embassy in Baghdad, via the Iraqi PMF and Muhandis, who was also killed in the drone strike. Nobody thinks Soleimani was a Good Guy™, but assassinating him is going to have significant ramifications that will last well beyond the end of the Trump Administration. The question is whether the cancer was worth the cure.
Well I don't see how being a lawyer is bad for a gig whose job description is enforcing the laws enacted by Congress. As for "offspring of the elite," there have been plenty of Presidents who were born dirt poor. Bill Clinton came from nothing, for example. The point is that Bill Clinton had to run for *lower office* first. He went out and proved he could run a state *before* he ran for President. Andrew Yang hasn't done that.
I thought Trump was dramatically underqualified to be President before he was elected and he's done absolutely fuck-all to change my mind on that score.
The ol' "flu-like symptoms"
Jesus god that was sexy
That 6-on-3 was against us while Hitch was the coach. I remember him saying something after the game like who practices for a 6-on-3? It never happens.
*♪ There goes my gyro ♫*
Not sure what Patches was thinking there as the third man in
FFS the Knights are hanging by a thread right now
Fuck. Allen made the first save but lost track of it.
Oh FFS I was wondering what happened to Glass
Petro went for the hit on Reavo LOL
Never a dull moment
LOL Petro running into the net below the goal line. Like who put that there?!
This poll seems a little off; Trump lost VA to Hillary 49.7-44.4. There's no way he's +4 over Warren, +6 over Sanders, while simultaneously -4 to Biden. That doesn't make any sense. I think all this is telling us is that Biden has a big lead among VA Democrats.
[Oh you want a political reason?](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120885/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1) Also: In order to get elected, @BarackObama will start a war with Iran. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2011 I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2012 Remember what I said about @BarackObama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) http://t.co/0uQsm9t4 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 4, 2012 Just as I predicted, @BarackObama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. http://t.co/ISaJp1xo — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 3, 2012 I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 16, 2012 Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran. He is desperate. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2012 Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 22, 2012
Strong early contender for dumbest Reddit comment of 2020
You can't claim a broad popular mandate when you didn't even have a plurality of the number of raw votes cast. Seems pretty simple to me.
I was thinking Tony La Russa fits this perfectly
Trump's not about to invoke Article 5, because that would be showing weakness, or some other bullshit.
Russia doesn't like Iran enough to send commit divisions against the Americans. It may not even be able to, with its obligations already in places like Eastern Ukraine and Syria.
Complicating matters is they'll likely just point to the 2001 anti-terror AUMF.
[Thanks Mr. Wizard](https://i.imgur.com/1aZsQ69.jpg)
It's only game. Why you heff to be mad?
Stupid sexy Matthews
Let's not and say we didn't
Cards and surplus quality OFs stuck in the minor leagues, name a more iconic duo
Nope. I'm refreshing all the Twitters right now.
Persistent trade deadline rumor from last year.
&gt; impact player I see what you did there
JFC please don't let that guy dance around like that
*sploosh*
1st NHL point for Mikkola right?
I think he's physical enough to do it but yeah, I like having Mac partaking in the cycle. Steener's slowed down to the point that parking him in front of the goalie makes a lot of sense, he can't really outrun defenders in the cycle game any more
Lots of zone time there, need a better attempt at the net though
Jesus fuck Eichel is something else
SOG are 26-13. Nice
Love this shift from the Barbashev line. Eichel was out there that whole time, burning time while he's bottled up chasing our cycle
God what a sequence that was
LOL fuckin Ray protecting Panger
That was a hell of a scrap. Nice to see the linesmen just let them go like that.
What makes you say this is weak? Former Secretaries of State don't criticize the sitting POTUS like this very often, if at all. &gt; We have too often forgotten that the United States should never go to war on a lark, for a lie or a mistake. We have also seen the divisions over Vietnam and Iraq tear at the fabric of life in our country. Yet now, young Americans are again worrying that they might have to die because their political leaders did not exhaust or even explore, but rather abandoned the possibilities of diplomacy. That seems pretty sharp to me. I think this paragraph makes clear what Kerry means by "abandon."
A quality meme being linked on r/nhl is about the only thing that's rarer than a goalie goal
Tigers in three
Are we not doing phrasing anymore
People have no idea how much work concerts are, especially major productions like this.
Vietnam wasn't an invasion, in the sense that Iraq and Afghanistan were. France colonized Indochina, which revolted after WWII. French Indochina was partitioned into Laos, Cambodia, and North and South Vietnam. Vietnam then essentially had a civil war, in which the US took a side. None of that excuses US involvement in Vietnam, but it's not like the US just up and decided to invade and overthrow a state like it did with Iraq and Afghanistan. It's important to get these kinds of details right. Lumping those actions in with other operations like Kuwait in 1991 or Kosovo is silly.
The whole idea is clearly to disguise the shot and confuse the goalie, and it sure looked successful on those terms. Bernier doesn't really react at all, and he didn't actually ever close the five-hole. It did hit his stick and stayed out, but if Ennis could've gotten another inch or so of loft on it, it might've beaten the stick and gone in.
Why don't you do us all a favor and just delete this whole post. The last thing the internet needs is more fake bullshit.
Spanky's a vote fraud scammer. He's got zero credentials to talk about foreign relations or international law. I don't give a flying fuck in a rolling donut what he thinks. Might as well ask Jacob Wohl. Easy downvote.
Man I don't know how I feel about that. It's an awful lot to give up. I think this would be a home run for Colorado, especially if we're not getting any secondary pieces back, including any bad contracts (Carp/Fowler), and Colorado isn't retaining any portion of Arenado's salary. In fact I'd be surprised at any trade offer we'd make that *wouldn't* involve Gorman. For 2020, Carp/Edman seems like plenty for 3B/UT, and Gorman's on the way in ~2021. So I'd kind of rather hang on to one of the pitchers and include Gorman. Man there's a lot to think about here. This would be a legit blockbuster.
ELITE SNIPER BIG BOB BORTS
Jeez somebody pick up the guy skating into the zone all the way to the fucking wrap chance?!
Great shift from 17/10/70
Oh that's right. I guess I must've been thinking about Gunny's.
r/hmmm
F
"Muchly deserved"
DLR's the low man on that totem pole, I think. If Blais is healthy I think he's mostly going to play
Man all this game is really missing is a good fight
*Red line, actually. Some rinks have the doors set just outside the blue line.
Bench minors don't count for individual players' PIMs, no
They didn't get minors, they got misconducts. Seems a little excessive to me but whatever
[TFW](https://media1.giphy.com/media/fr5eD75wdEVJAvyZvt/source.gif)
We actually tried Carp in right at SF once (while Tommy Pham was still stuck in the minors IIRC) and it was a total fucking disaster. Carpenter was sub-Chris "puppy on roller skates" Duncan bad. Ozuna's not great, but aside from some of his blooper reel moments, he can play the position.
"I'm not a fighter" LOL. That's pretty modest, everybody's seen the video of him putting that AHL dipshit to sleep in the tunnel.
I was livid about that. Just let em go already, for fuck's sake.
Uh, Borts?
Man you could just feel that one coming. ....looked like Gibson didn't get reset cause the defender deflected the slapper from Borts, and he didn't initially realize the puck was bouncing right to Steener.
Nah
Man, Allen just flat out didn't see that one. Gotta tighten up in the d-zone
That's pretty iconic right there
The women's 3-on-3 at the ASG is a no-brainer. Glad to see it
I remember Steen doing that a few seasons ago on like a 5-on-3 or something and it was major yikes
Uh oh, Rexy, I don't think this one's got the distance
Dread it, run from it, Gritty arrives all the same
Thanks I hate it
*chef's kiss*
[Kitty's all like](https://i.imgur.com/UxKHip5.gif)
r/selfchirps
What the actual fuck
My lasting memory of Nick Punto is going to be [the guy that ripped people's jerseys off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHGVIgXK7qU)
Vegas/Blues would've been an interesting matchup.
[TFW](https://i.imgur.com/2i0n9Sc.jpg)
Tempo picking up here
Sanford and Lehtera are frustrating for different reasons. Sanford's inconsistent, Lehtera was all too consistent.
Praise the crossbar
Moose brought his A game tonight, man
Barbashev coming close to a charge there. Shit's getting chippy
Maybe a little, but that was absolutely a patented dumbshit Perron o-zone penalty.
He's gonna rip Sanford's beating heart out of his chest Temple of Doom style
*Robert Bortuzzo has entered the chat*
Soft call but we'll take it as long as it isn't a 5 on 3
PING
Ells actually flinched on that Faulk clapper that hit the crossbar
Yep. This is practically a Norris Division game at this point
Look at me. I am the Gritty now.
Enterprise Karaoke time
JFC the Flyers have missed so many empty net looks in this game
It did have consequences though....we got one more game at Busch II, and it fucked up the schedule for opening Busch III.
This is since 2009, so let's start your analysis all over again.
I mean, I guess the Dodgers could sue over lost revenue or something. Hell, just threatening to do it would probably scare the hell out of Manfred, who presumably would try to keep any of this from ever going to court.
"I'm not here to talk about the past"
"Unfounded" my ass. He's hit .269/.372/.462 over the course of eight full seasons. That's a wRC+ of 129. 22nd in the league in fWAR among hitters.
There is no legitimate reason for Kane's right leg to come up like that. It's a slewfoot and it's 100% intentional and 100% dirty.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHWI7m_WH6w
Biggest heel in the sport. Marchand failing spectacularly on breakaways is going to be one of the memes of the year on this sub. As a bonus, for your enjoyment I present to you [the championship-clinching goal from last season](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etoy7Eyw7Bs). Marchand is the defender in the upper left of your picture as the clip begins.
Eh. Munoz is solid as an MLB backup infielder. He's got some bat-to-ball skill and some pop, although he's kind of a hacker. And he can play average to above average defense just about everywhere on the field. He's got a big arm so that plays at short/third, and they've even used him in the OF occasionally. I wouldn't want to give him 600 PAs, but if he has to start for a week cause an infielder is banged up, you could do a hell of a lot worse than Munoz.
Oh that one, right. 10/10 would LOL again.
Thomas is electric
I thought it was the other way around, he went to a lower flex. Still though
Oh. Oh my.
What the fuck was that. Jesus you can't let him just zoom around like that without somebody hitting him
We need Parayko back. Dunn needs to go back to the 3rd pairing. I love what he brings offensively but he's getting exposed right now, I think
I don't think this one is tough, the strongest beat is clearly at the beginning of the bass figure. Sometimes there's a pickup note, but not always. When the chorus enters the first time, the change occurs right on that strong beat. ("How did I get here?" leads right to the 1.)
They'd be incompetent if they didn't try. And it goes both ways, if they can win some Blues converts in KC, all the better.
They have no reason to rush him at this point. They should be pretty adamant with him that he doesn't play until he's 100%. Assuming he's 100%, yes of course he makes the team better. Tarasenko means the lowest winger on the totem pole isn't playing at all, which is one of DLR/Mac/Sanford. The question of where exactly he fits in the lineup is a good one, but it's going to be a couple months yet before that decision has to be made. Realistically, he's going to slot in alongside either Schenn/Schwartz or ROR/Perron and whichever winger he replaces slides down. I lean towards putting him with Schwartz and Schenn; they obviously do very well together but it's been a rotating cast of wingers with them, and nobody's really caught fire in that spot. Can't hurt to try sliding the best finisher in the organization there. 17 - 10 - 91 33 - 90 - 57 20 - 18 - 21 70 - 49 - 28/12/61 etc. That might get juggled around on the road against a top-heavy team with a killer 1st line, like Colorado or Boston, where you want ROR out there to shut them down. Obviously Kyrou wouldn't be on that line in that scenario, he might trade down with either Steen or Sunny.
This is what I see. He was getting killed by the shift, so he was trying to pull the ball over it. I agree, I want to see him hitting liners to left-center again.
Totally style-dependent. Also depends on how many notes are in the chord. Doubling the root makes the chord sound bigger or more powerful. Avoiding it makes it more complex.
If we were going to sign Casty, I think it'd be done by now.
Ozuna never reached 30 HRs/100 RBIs in either season with STL. He had 23/88 in 2018, 29/89 in 2019.
O'Neill might be the answer, he might not. We know he's a physical freak and he's toolsy as hell, but he's got a huge contact problem. If he can figure that out, he'll be dynamite. In ~100 games of AAA ball across the last two seasons, Thomas has hit .270/.342/.472. And he hit very well in a limited sample against MLB pitching in 2019. In 2019, across AA and AAA, Carlson hit .292/.372/.542. All three of those guys can play center field, and certainly all three of them are much better defensively than Ozuna in left.
You can say whatever you like, don't expect people to agree with arrant nonsense though. Just forget everything else and look at the huge swath of Federalist Society drones that are getting rubber-stamped for lifetime appointments. All by itself, that's hugely important.
So they have....telegraphs? Cool. The bit with the girl who knows Jesse's name (and pronounces it correctly) is really interesting. I wonder if it means anything that Tasja shows up with water, but it's already there. Nobody else apparently interacts with the girl but Jesse. Spooky. Especially with the chapter title. Also I've been getting a Borges vibe from the epigraphs for each chapter, especially this one.
14 milliseconds is not very long. What could possibly be massive enough to create gravitational waves but oscillate for only such a short period of time? That's bizarre.
Tulsi's 100% going to drop this before discovery.
&gt; Tulsi voted "Present" for Trump's impeachment. So much for scruples....
Outfield assists at any base are unusual to begin with, but an outfield assisting on a putout of the batter at first base are genuinely rare at the MLB level. That play might happen once every five years or so.
Right but I wanted to make sure everybody reading this thread sees it. Also I knew this one off the top of my head because the Cardinals [clearly won the trade](https://www.baseball-reference.com/boxes/SLN/SLN201110270.shtml).
Nolan Ryan only retired at 46 because his legs finally gave out, not his arm.
&gt; It is insane to suggest that you can regulate away the occurrence of accidents. Literally nobody thinks that. The idea is to reduce their frequency and severity, not eliminate them completely.
Fruman's attorneys have said they want to respond with something like this everytime Trump et al deny knowing him. I would be very surprised if this came from SDNY.
See also: Michael Cohen.
At this point they're kind of all-in and don't have much of a choice. The ones who couldn't go along with it all retired (or passed away in McCain's case).
https://i.imgur.com/sUpua6W.gif
&gt; One explosion rare enough to make national news [More than 50,000 people in southeast Texas will spend Thanksgiving away from their homes as evacuation orders remained in place after two powerful Wednesday blasts at a chemical plant in Port Neches, about 80 miles east of Houston.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2019/11/28/texas-chemical-plant-explosions-50-000-out-homes-thanksgiving/4328023002/) [The fires at the ITC facility in Deer Park have burned for days, including multiple tanks after the fire started on Sunday, March 17, 2019.](https://abc13.com/5206154/) [Twenty-two people were injured in an explosion and fire at Kuraray America Eval, a plastic fabrication company in Pasadena, Texas, according to John Krueger, emergency media spokesperson for the city of La Porte.](https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/19/us/explosion-plastic-company-texas/index.html) (May 2018) [West, Texas explosion killed 15 in 2013](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/04/25/hero-firefighters-west-texas/2112525/) [An explosion and a fire that killed 15 contractors and injured 180 other workers at the giant BP oil refinery in Texas City two years ago was caused by company deficiencies “at all levels,” a federal safety panel reported on Tuesday.](https://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/21/us/21explode.html) (2005) That's the third major incident in Texas in less than twelve months.
Man it's like if you take the under on basically everybody but Flaherty, the team looks terrible!
Edman put up a 120 OPS+ last year in three months against MLB pitching, he's projected at 91. That's an awful lot of regression. Hell even Bader is projected for 94! I think Hudson can pitch better than a 4.40 FIP. I think CMart can beat the 0.7 WAR projection in the rotation. Etc etc. The projections are one thing, but the writeup is bearish as a whole. Which seems to fit the mood of the sub since the news of the Ozuna signing.
I wonder if it's Cincy. They won the Central that year at 91-71, 5 games ahead of STL, and had a .796/.754 home/away split.
&gt; Plan B always works... right? *Adrian Saunders has entered the chat* Also I'm gonna start a band called Brutal Stucco.
Do as I say, not as I do
Parayko coming back is a godsend. Faulk back w/ Petro where he's been most effective, Dunn down to the third pair where he won't be exposed defensively so much. Also nice to see Kyrou back in, hopefully he can get something going with 10/17.
NHL scheduling is so fucking dumb
It isn't trivial. You're forced to make a choice between emphasizing run scoring and run prevention, you can't have both for free. If it's a tie game in the 6th or 7th inning and your ace comes up, you have to choose whether to squeeze another inning or two out of him or go with a PH. If you're down early with your 5th starter, you have to make a choice about whether to conserve your bullpen for tomorrow's game vs trying to mount a comeback. It's a subtlety but it always leads to interesting choices. Playing with the DH is like bowling with the fucking bumpers in, you can't go wrong and there's nothing to think about. The DH destroys the link between the top half and the bottom half of the inning, and it breaks the strict substitution rule (which remains in force for the other eight spots in the lineup, for no obvious reason).
Kyrou and Schwartz looked pretty good there on that shift
He wants the blood of his enemies
"The soft bigotry of low expectations"
I mean I don't know all the details, but I've been assuming it was just Bolton himself (or his lawyers/PR people at the publishers/etc) that did the leaking, out of raw self-interest. Who knows how it really went down though.
That's selling him pretty short. Jay put up a .738 OPS as a Cardinal, brought down by his 2013 and 2015. From 2010-2012, he put up a .773. OPS is a stat that somewhat over-weights power. Not surprisingly, Jay is going to look worse by such a measure, since his value was OBP-heavy. His wRC+ as a Cardinal went 116, 115, 115, 103, 115, 58. By that meaure, Jay was mostly a solidly above average hitter while he was here. I'm trying to find a comp for a player with Bader-level defense and a typical Jay line, maybe Inciarte or Kiermaier in 2017. Inciarte had 2.9 fWAR (not quite the same level of defense); Kiermaier had 3.3 fWAR with a little more pop but only played 98 games. So a guy with Bader's glove putting up a .300/.350/.400 line over 600 PAs would probably be worth at least 4 fWAR, maybe pushing 5. That's All-Star level.
His final season line ended up .257/.374/.523, good for a 140 wRC+ (tied for 9th best in the majors with Machado. If you prefer old school numbers, he finished tied for 5th with JD Martinez in runs scored (111), and also had 81 RBI, which is an awful lot for a leadoff hitter. He had two bad months and four great ones. The "six weeks" narrative is just plain wrong. It doesn't hold up to any scrutiny at all.
Let me preface this by saying I fucking hate John Bolton. He's a warmonger and an imperialist, and GW Bush using a recess appointment to make him Ambassador to the UN is one of the lowlights of that Administration. That being said, watching all these right wingers turning on Bolton is just fucking delicious. Breaking news: for all his warts, Bolton is an experienced and skilled bureaucratic infighter and he is going to have been taking notes on all the bullshit he saw, exactly like Jim Comey did (and for the same reasons). The more you numbnuts try to pretend like Bolton hasn't been one of the True Believers in your movement for decades, the more likely it is that Bolton is going to sing like a canary. And the more "controversial" he gets among Trump sycophants, the more likely it is he's going to end up under oath in the Senate trial. Ho ho ho.
"Smart" money? I doubt it. It's not impossible for him to get re-elected, but that would probably require something drastic to change between now and the election. Consdier this: he was elected with 46% of the popular vote, not even a plurality. His opinion polling in office has never been above that figure, and in fact has frequently been below that, he's done nothing to reach out to anyone who didn't vote for him in 2016, he's embroiled in an uncountable number of scandals, he's actually been impeached, and it's unlikely that the Democratic nominee would repeat Hillary's mistake of failing to campaign in the upper Midwest. He's got a hard ceiling and I don't see how he's supposed to beat it, unless the Russians come up with something a lot more clever than targeted Facebook ads. It's worth noting that one of his greatest assets in 2016 was his ability to run as an outsider, but that's lost as an incumbent. Maybe it won't matter so much against an institutional figure like Biden, but someone like Sanders will absolutely cancel that advantage. Furthermore: we've had three two-term Presidents in a row, which is a historical anomaly. We haven't seen an incumbent President this weak in a quarter-century.
The 30-day thing sounds like PR to me.
"Accurate" is a matter of degree. Margin of error is a real thing. It happened with the Brexit referendum as well as with Trump/Clinton. Both results were within the expected margin of error.
Whip counts are a hell of a drug
Let them leave the Republican Party then, like Amash did. Otherwise it's just a charade. The Republican Party is the problem.
If they convict a cop on Murder 3 that'd be pretty amazing, honestly.
thank
Yeah what the fuck is with that? I listened for hours last night and it disconnected once. Since we switched at 8:00 it hangs every ten minutes.
The cops are rescuing a dumpster. JFC what a surreal shitshow this is
Yeah that's exactly what it was, it just looked bizarre. You could just tell those guys were all thinking "this is what I went through the academy for"
Yeah that occurred to me, I guess there must've been fewer people on the stream last night but I don't remember looking at the counter.
The guys who attacked the QT employees can burn in hell. First they get drafted into being "essential workers" when the fucking plague hits, and now this.
44th &amp; Main, AKA Grand Central Station
The huge roving crowds are done, at least. The cops are starting to send the non KCMO/JaCo officers home. There'll still be some weird shit going on overnight though.
I'm the best fiddler. People are always telling me how great my fiddle is.
Jesus. Jaeger shot his girlfriend in the leg on purpose and it wasn't even the most fucked up thing that happened in the chapter.
I mean....if they're saying it was self-defense, okay, whatever. But if his paperwork was out of order then you've got to at least stick him with that, FFS. Gardner's got a record too, it's not like he doesn't have any priors.
&gt; So lots of groups have their own lists. This was exactly the problem with Occupy: a cacophony of voices with no unity. They were loud but not in harmony. You have to get everyone singing out of the same hymnal. I admit I don't have any idea how to get from here to there, though. Coalescing around a short, clear list of demands might be as good a place as any other to start, like the NAACP image linked upthread.
Jesus that 2nd result. Wow.
Wouldn't have mattered. McConnell would've shrugged it off.
[TFW](https://live.staticflickr.com/7768/17574121612_682fcc6932.jpg)
"This is not either/or, this is both/and" Regarding voting vs direct action.
Nah, I think it's too late for McConnell to throw Trump under the bus now. The damage has been done. That train left the station after the impeachment vote; he's stuck iwth him now. If McConnell pulled the plug on Trump this close to the election, the Republican party would splinter and they'd get completely shithoused in downballot races from coast to coast.
"Is this just math you do as a Republican to make yourself feel better?"
It's a symbol of racist oppression. Get fucking rid of it. Robert E. Lee does not deserve a place of public pride in the 21st century. The historical or educational value is nil.
[Did you watch that Obama clip from yesterday yet?](https://old.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/gw1j9l/former_president_obama_to_address_the_nation_at/fssfgke/)
That sounds like it's exactly what'll happen. Those two turn state's and bury the other two.
IIRC something similar happened after Ferguson. The cops saw it as a work slowdown and the public saw it as an end to overpolicing.
On only one of two charges, at that.
&gt; It's a ghost story. Like the IRS. *Vincent Price laugh*
&gt; American history isn’t a fairy tale with a guaranteed happy ending. Donald "power of positive thinking" Trump is fundamentally incapable of articulating such a sentiment.
Exactly. The problem isn't really the rules of the game, it's the players.
What a trainwreck this is. JFC, where to start.... &gt; "There is an overt effort here to erase white history. That's what they're looking on doing," Chase said. "Listen, our grandfathers were guilty of slavery, and that is wrong. And I denounce that. I feel like slavery is wrong, it is evil. We should never own another human being. Bold of you to take an anti-slavery position in the 21st century there, Senator. &gt; But that's not the only thing that Lee and others are known for. They did other things." Like lead an armed rebellion against the legitimate government of the United States, for example. &gt; She went on to say that the removal of monuments is a First Amendment issue and represent artistic expression, and that she is forced to stand by while Democrats allow art that she believes is pornographic to be taught in public schools. She was accused last summer of going on a "censorship crusade." Just....LOL. Speaks for itself, dunnit? &gt; "Attempts to eradicate instead of contextualizing history invariably fail," Senate GOP leaders wrote. "And because of this Governor's personal history, the motivations of this decision will always be suspect. Like Senator Chase's idiotic, inappropriate and inflammatory response, his decision is more likely further to divide, not unite, Virginians." The headline for this article is inaccurate. They only called Chase's argument "idiotic" in the context of bashing Northam. &gt; She was also expelled from the Chesterfield GOP last fall and declined to be a member of the Senate GOP caucus, saying her party needed new leadership after the state Senate and House flipped in favor of the Democrats for the first time in a generation. Now *that's* interesting. The more these fucking ultra wackos start fighting with the mainstream GOP, the better, as far as I'm concerned.
This is gonna get completely fuckin buried with everything else happening right now, but this is a huge deal.
*Sauron wants to know your location*
So much predictable handwringing about the demolition of a monument to someone who profitted handsomely off the theft of the labor of others. The harbor's where it belongs. The anger that's boiling over now has been around for centuries, y'all. It's just only now finding expression.
&gt; No one has the right to claim the US for their 'race' (whatever that is). Goddamn right. *This land is your land, this land is my land.*
What a moment. Black Lives Matter Plaza, a couple blocks from the White House. And John Lewis lived to see it. That gives me chills thinking about it.
His face has always weirded me out. It's like he came pre-caricatured.
Cops and federal agencies have the ability to jam cell signals, sure. But whenever you have a huge number of people concentrated in one area, the possibility of just overloading the damn tower due to sheer numbers exists independently of the cops/feds doing it on purpose. Video in particular is bandwidth-hungry. All those livestreamers use a lot of resources.
Right. Obama inherited a real shitshow in 2009. Second verse, same as the first.
That wasn't a mistake, it was deliberate bad faith. The good news is the authoritarians are on the back foot at the moment, and they're not used to it. They're taking it badly, and it shows.
The system isn't going to have any interest in protecting that guy. If there's anything political involved here, it'll be the local DA/US Atty wanting a scalp. He's looking at multiple felonies (vehicular assault, assault with a deadly weapon, attempted murder, etc) and possibly multiple counts of each. Guy's extra fucked cause it's all on video, too. Bet he pleads out, especially if he has any priors.
Ad hominem. Debate the argument, not the person making it.
I'd argue that pretty much all vigilanteism is disruptive. Look, Mitt fucking Romney marched today. Okay? I loathe the guy but the movement that's started the last couple of weeks has really picked up momentum since things calmed down this week. If somebody as conservative as Romney feels the need to signal that he's on the side of reform, than that's a pretty goddamn broad coalition. I know politics is a lot less exciting than watching people get shot live on Twitch, but c'mon. And FWIW the cops and the DA are going to love nailing this guy to the wall. *See? Look, we're doing our jobs.* There's no need to try to beat them to the punch so that....what? Somebody can just shoot him or something? Why? What if they shoot the wrong guy? I referenced the junior internet detectives fucking up looking for the Boston Marathon bomber in my top-level post for a reason.
And people *wonder* why the whole country is fed up with the fucking cops!
This is such a perfect solution: rename JC Nichols Parkway to MLK Jr Parkway. It brings the ugly debacle with renaming and then re-renaming The Paseo full circle. It makes way too much sense not to happen. eta: if people would prefer a different civil rights leader (especially a local one) to MLK, that'd be something I would support as well. It just fits so neatly with the The Paseo controversy.
[Counterpoint](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/audio/video/2013/3/9/1362844516699/Statue---Saddam-Hussein-012.jpg?width=640&amp;quality=85&amp;auto=format&amp;fit=max&amp;s=69c9c85c7b03e9b0b04e30b0413e7f96) [Related](https://media.giphy.com/media/QyfzLInIeso1y/giphy.gif) [See also](https://i.imgur.com/wWsVnuh.gif)
They actually have been coming down in some places over the last....what, five years or so? But yeah. Not everywhere and not fast enough, clearly.
&gt; angry, brainless mobs [Saddam Hussein statue](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/audio/video/2013/3/9/1362844516699/Statue---Saddam-Hussein-012.jpg?width=640&amp;quality=85&amp;auto=format&amp;fit=max&amp;s=69c9c85c7b03e9b0b04e30b0413e7f96) [Berlin Wall](https://media.giphy.com/media/QyfzLInIeso1y/giphy.gif) [Swastika at Nuremberg](https://i.imgur.com/wWsVnuh.gif) At some point it's kind of difficult to distinguish mobs from majorities, innit? I get that it's....*extralegal*, let's say, but we also had a political movement that named themselves after the fucking Boston Tea Party in the last ten years. What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
Flipping the game board over? Isn't that what the Confederates did after the election of 1860? Because they knew that the even split between free states and slave states in the Electoral College would never last?
Supporting Biden isn't equivalent to "he wants to be accepted by Democrats soooo bad" though. Maybe he just really, really hates Trump, like about 50-55% of the country.
&gt; The small Midwest states The EC magnifies the votes of the smallest states, like Wyoming and Alaska and Vermont. The smallest state people would usually include in the Midwest would probably be either Nebraska or Kansas, or maybe Iowa (depending on how you define the Midwest). Most of the Midwestern states are large enough that they're more in the middle of the EV/population curve than they are at the end.
Treaties that are ratified by the Senate have the equivalent of US law. The US hasn't ratified the ICC, but if it had, we would. It's hypocritical for the US, who has historically been the driver of concepts like international law, war crimes, and human rights, to reject international accountability for its own citizens.
Partisan non-response is a problem, but at the same time, don't overestimate it either. [From Harry Enten a few days ago, on the CNN poll that Trump wanted an apology over:](https://www.cnn.com/2020/06/08/politics/biden-trump-polling-analysis/index.html) &gt; Moreover, big events (a pandemic or massive protests would qualify) can sometimes cause nonresponse bias. That is, one side becomes more likely to respond to surveys than the other side. Nonresponse bias does not seem to be happening here. Biden's advancement seems to be real, not a statistical artifact.
Shareholders uber alles
The big difference between now and the 60s/70s: in 1970 white people made up 87.5% of the country. In 2010 it was 72.4%. If Texas becomes a swing state, the current GOP coalition is finished. They have to move on from Nixon's Southern Strategy eventually. They knew it after 2012, commissioned a report on the matter, and then trashed it to nominate Trump.
It's just pure gibberish. There's nothing to even push back on, it's just gobbledygook.
&gt; You had a chance to endorse Bernie Bernie didn't even bother to ask him for an endorsement. Whoops.
ITT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W87Tmvu7iz8
LOL. Just....LOL. Can't wait to hear Graham's response to this.
I'm having a hard time understanding what that has to do with the question I asked you
https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/132/thatsthejoke.jpg
Police violence happens under the authority of the power of the state (which derives directly from the consent of the governed), so it is 100% relevant to this discussion. This is middle-school civics class stuff. It can't be handwaved away, it's the whole point.
[It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackstone%27s_ratio)
He shot him in the back.
That shit makes me grind my teeth just thinking about it. For fuck's sake....
Having that opinion isn't the same thing as *knowing*. Turnout's been *up* since covid began; just look at that Wisconsin election, or the Georgia primary. And that's in spite of the vote suppression.
Nobody's mad at the firefighters or EMTs, either.
Yup. And the thing about Biden that's different from Hillary is that Biden is a lot better at one-liners. If he manages to get off even one zinger on the level of "noun, verb, 9/11," that would create something that would cut through all the chaos theater on Fox/OANN anyway.
Yeah, it'd suck to be partitioned by *checks notes* Canada and Mexico?
I don't think Cornyn's got much to worry about. The real question is how far behind Cornyn will Trump run. Put another way, exactly how many Biden-Cornyn voters will there be?
Something something Party of Lincoln
&gt; we can't risk mistaking them mounting a subversive defense for us gaining ground. I agree that that's a concern, but what I was getting at is that this is a sign that we're gaining ground. Think of it like herd behavior; the selfish are always going to want to move with the herd.
Trump's jealous of the whole Stalinist cult of personality thing. Remember how he wanted the US military to parade in DC?
&gt; Trump winning or losing literally means nothing to me. Sure. Which is why you're in here arguing about it, obviously
I don't understand what changed. They were digging their heels in about this, then Mnuchin met with some Senators and just....changed his mind? I don't get it.
Wouldn't surprise me if that did happen, but it's not most of the money apparently: &gt; Nearly 75% of the total loan amounts approved are over $150,000 and will be subject to full disclosure, according to the Treasury Department and the SBA. But that still doesn't explain the volte-face.
OLC isn't a court though. Nothing they say is binding on a judge.
I need that to be corroborated from a non-psuedonymous source before I believe it
Berman's going to appear in front of the House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday, so I'd say the odds of Barr getting subpoenaed shortly after that are pretty good. Barr might duck the subpoena, but that surely won't do anything to put out the fire.
Right, it's easy to forget about Pence sometimes.
The sequence of events is convoluted, but it goes like this. Trump fired the Obama appointee in that gig, Preet Bharara. Then he didn't bother to nominate anyone, and appointed Berman as the Acting US Atty (actually Sessions did, but same difference). Eventually the district court got fed up and appointed Berman themselves, which removed the Acting tag from Berman. But Berman was indeed first put there by Trump. The fact that the court appointed him later is what's making this so complicated.
Yep. Somebody's either going to back down or this is going to court.
It's a little more Wile E. Coyote and Roadrunner at this point. Berman's statement last night was his version of BEEP BEEP
Well shit. I was hoping this would get resolved in court.
Instead of trying to get him confirmed through the Senate, they can just appoint him as an Acting US Atty. Now that Berman's out of the way, as far as I can tell there's nothing stopping that from happening.
Stay tuned. They're going to want to hear his account of whatever conversations he had with Barr that led up to the Friday night debacle. No idea what else they might ask him, or whether he could answer questions (ongoing investigation yada yada).
Pretty sure that's a no. I don't think she's technically been "appointed" at all, she just got automatically promoted as the next-in-line when the principal quit. eta: [Here's the law.](https://twitter.com/steve_vladeck/status/1274193639674187776/photo/1)
Yeah I think all that's right. Again I'm not clear on whether she can be called an "appointee" strictly but that might be academic, I don't think that has any bearing on whether Barr can fire her at will. Should point out that the 120 day limit specified in 546(c)(2) runs out in mid-October. If they haven't fired Strauss yet by then, I imagine the district court would appoint her at that date just like they did with Berman. And then she would be a 546(d) appointee.
Yeah that's useless. It's all general admission, you're not taking anybody's spot from them.
The article's wrong and it should be corrected. [Here's the entire statement from Berman.](https://twitter.com/SDNYnews/status/1274466470970474498) &gt; In light of Attorney General Barr's decision to respect the normal operation of law and have Deputy U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss become Acting U.S. Attorney, I will be leaving the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, effective immediately. It has been the honor of a lifetime to serve as this District's U.S. Attorney and a custodian of its proud legacy, but I could leave the District in no better hands than Audrey's. She is the smartest, most principled, and effective lawyer with whom I have ever had the privilege of working. And I know that under her leadership, this Office's unparalleled AUSAs, investigators, paralegals, and staff will continue to safeguard the Southern District's enduring tradition of integrity and independence. The r-word does not appear. This is a lawyer, they pick their words carefully. I'm not clear on why he's not putting up a fight, as it seemed he wanted to do last night, but there's nothing in there that says he's doing this willingly. There's no boilerplate in there about spending more time with his family, for example.
I'm going to be disappointed if this picture doesn't turn into a meme format
That's not the same thing as saying *the DNC* is literally supporting her opponent
It totally does look like a goose. Can't unsee
&gt; The nazis didn’t hate brown people. [You sure about that?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Negermusik)
I still want to see Pence squirm while he debates a woman (especially someone razor sharp like Harris or Warren).
&gt; This could be nothing, it could be the president on a fucking ventilator. But theres no way of knowing. Yep. Don't touch that dial.
&gt; until it becomes a direct/immediate call to violence See that's the trouble with Nazis though
They had a non-aggression pact. They were never on the "same side" at all. And then, you know, Hitler invaded and they fought the biggest land war in human history for the next four years because they were good buddies. What's so incredibly irritating about artlessly calling someone *both* a fascist and a Stalinist is that you could do one or the other and the conversation could at least get past that part and move on to more valuable areas. When you call them both, it just reveals that you're using those terms as simple insults, divorced from their actual historical significance.
In fact I'd argue that it's not the two-party system that's even the main problem. In multi-party democracies, you have an election and then the parties sort out who forms a government afterwards. So let's say Labour gets the biggest share, 35%. The Greens have 10%. The Greens will be invited to help form a government....but they won't be able to enact all of their agenda. Anything that Labour and the Greens conflict on, Labour will usually win. So you can vote for something and then not get it. And then the Lib Dems would have to weigh in as well. And then all of that has to be balanced against what the other members of the coalition would have to say as well. You don't find out what that government would look like until well after the election. In the American system, factions of movements fight for control of one of the two major parties in the primary, and only *then* does the race narrow to the binary choice in the general. Most of what having a multi-party democracy does is reverse the order of this process, meaning voters have arguably *even less* say in policy. The main problem, as I see it, is $$$$. Get rid of Citizens United, do something, anything, about propaganda and misinformation. Abolishing the Electoral College would help massively. I'd also like to see the Democratic party implement IRV/RCV in the primary, since that wouldn't require buy-in from the GOP, who's as likely as not to really dig their heels in on all of this stuff, since it clearly benefits them enormously.
But ignoring flagrant law-breaking invites moral hazard. All the Republicans learned from Nixon is how to hide their tracks better.
That's really something. That seems like mission creep for LP. Their initial raison d'etre was that Trump was this uniquely horrible candidate; now they're willing to cross the aisle for the Senate? Very interesting. Already I can't wait for the election post-mortems on what kind of an impact LP had on this cycle.
It's funny, it's the opposite in MO. The little rural counties with 10K people in them come in right after polls close, but we have to wait for hours for St. Louis/KCMO to fully weigh in. So it always looks like Mississippi until midnight. Happens every cycle.
Do you have a positive argument in favor of keeping the voting hours the way they are? Everything you've said boils down to a Deal With It meme.
Why 12 hours then? What's magic about that? Why not 8? Why not 6? And have you not heard about places having lengthy lines? Or does that just not happen at the precinct where *you* vote?
Candidates do matter though, just ask Doug Jones. Massachussetts elects Republican Governors all the time, etc etc. Personally I'm less interested in the candidate's ideology and more in their skill at playing the hand they're dealt. Whoever's running against McConnell needs to localize the race instead of trying to fight the national culture war. I don't have a real good sense whether McGrath or Booker would be better at that though.
Let him run for something smaller first. No more billionaire political novices believing their own hype running for President before they can demonstrate they can take care of a city or a state.
No, you're just paying close enough attention that you can pick out the party factions. And they've evolved a fair bit since, say, 2008 or 2000. Every expert I've seen so far thinks the third-party vote in 2020 is going to be less than it was in 2016.
C'mon that's dumb. They pulled down a Grant statue recently too. I mean....really? Grant? The guy that won the fucking Civil War? I'm all for tearing down statues of unambiguously horrible people like Jeff Davis. But we choose to honor people with statues for a reason, and some of those reasons are pretty good. And those people don't deserve to get lumped in with Robert E. Lee.
&gt; It's like if you had cancer and someone called you to ask how your heartburn was going. I don't think that analogy makes much sense. Why would you tear down a statue of Heg? What did he do that earned a comparison to heartburn, much less cancer? I don't get it. Why would you attack an ally? It's incoherent on its *own* terms.
Here's the list: Brendon Urie (Panic at the Disco) (the estate of) Tom Petty (the estate of) Prince Rihanna Steven Tyler Pharrell Williams Neil Young Axl Rose (the estate of) George Harrison (the estate of) Pavarotti Twisted Sister Elton John REM The O'Jays Adele Rolling Stones Brian May/Queen Earth Wind &amp; Fire Paul Rodgers (Free) *🎶 And a partridge in a pear tree 🎶*
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Mukasey
And the corollary is that Democrats are convinced they're going to lose no matter how big a lead Biden opens up.
Me too. Good god that sounds horrendous. ....imagine a bar full of people that think that sounds great. *shudders*
iwanttobelieve.jpg
I want this to happen just to make Laura Ingraham's head explode
10 million people's a big ask. DC metro area has ~6M. Just think of the logistics of that. American protests are widely distributed because the population is widely distributed, we can't just all pile up in the capital like we're France. The George Floyd protests that happened in dozens of cities are about as close as we'll ever get to that.
Agreed on all points. Ossoff staying out of the runoff means he can focus on getting that name ID up. An outdoor rally with Biden seems like a great idea.
[There is recent precedent for that](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_United_States_Senate_election_in_Missouri). That wasn't worked out in the courts but courts have shown willingness to bend rules like filing deadlines in extraordinary circumstances.
I think at this point it's clear that the Senate GOP doesn't give a shit and they're planning on going down with the ship with Trump. By the time they actually managed to get articles to the Senate, it'd be September at least. What's the use, with the election around the corner? (And then there's covid to worry about.) More interesting is whether they would be similarly eager to go to bat for Barr, in case Nadler really drills down on the firing of Berman. The question is how much would McConnell value saving Barr's ass and keeping his secrets quiet vs. trying to stop the bleeding in swing state Senate races so they don't lose control of the chamber. McConnell may signal to Barr that he should just resign instead, I dunno.
&gt; Dukakis would have won in 1992 I mean....maybe. Bush Sr's approval hit 85-90% or whatever in early 1991 with the Gulf War, but he cratered hard throughout 1992, like Junior's presidency in the span of two years instead of eight. Winning a fourth election in a row is pretty tough sledding no matter what. So I can maybe see that Bill had an easier time of it than Dukakis did.... But I've never seen anybody claim Dukakis could've also won in 92 before. The conventional story about 1988 chalks it up to perceptions of the candidate moreso than policy preferences. You're saying the Willie Horton/Dukakis in a tank ratfuck tactics wouldn't have worked four years later and I'm not sure I buy that without some sort of corroborating evidence. Clinton had all sorts of dirt thrown at him too and none of it stuck until Lewinsky.
Oklahoma City, I think? Those curved supports for the overhead signs are pretty distinctive.
What the fuck did I just read
120,000 deaths in a few months and this is what you're upset about?
Came here to say this. You *know* you've fucked up if you get Stevie Wonder mad at you, of all people.
These alleged "distractions" Trump engages in are almost as bad as the things he's attempting to distract from. He's just piling up more awful things he's done. Meanwhile, all the distracting has Trump fighting to hold on to Texas.
I think it is, but it also can be co-opted by propagandists.
&gt; I guess the tanking economy is a new factor in all this though. GW Bush was invincible until 2005. They tried to privatize Social Security but knew they needed Democratic cover to pull it off ("I have political capital and I intend to use it"). For the first time since 9/11, the Democrats (perhaps still in election mode) circled the wagons and told the Bushies to fuck off with one voice, and the plan died. Then Katrina happened, and that was it. The idea that Bush was this genius was shattered and never recovered. Likewise, you now have covid, the economic shutdowns, and the George Floyd protests. And then this thing with the Russian bounties on top of all that? Trump's not in control, which goes right to his entire message: *I alone can fix it*. Not only does Trump look like he's lost control of the situation, nothing in his temperament or character suggests that he can recover.
&gt; Lanaktallan as Italy Led by, of course, Moossolini. ....I'll see myself out
