Just because the timing and details shown **and sequence and continuity and day they were filmed and location** aren't accurate, doesn't point to the whole thing being fabrication. Yes it pretty much does. That's what a fabrication is. No they didn't fabricate the lion, they really existed. Yes they fabricated this entire narrative, the story they told never happened. Edit: So I realize maybe some people have never paid attention to this type of detail. A few quick examples to look at. The first part of the video detailing the fight is happening in the evening. The sun is going down, you can as well see how low the sun is by where it reflects off of the animals bodies. It shows clearly on one side. Some shots are more obvious than others. This is very different if the sun were high in the sky like mid day. As well notice in parts of the video depicting the fight how they're in the center of a clearing, and any high brush is far away in all directions. Including towards the camera because it's never blocking the shot. Now look [here](https://youtu.be/a5V6gdu5ih8?t=172). Suddenly the grass he is standing on is much greener and more watered. There is tall brush near by. This is clearly shot at a different location and different instance. And that notable sunlight has changed. Then when they show the shot of the two mail lions right after his cousin came and saved him. Notice the lighting. The sun is suddenly higher in the sky. The yellow/redish tint is gone and it's clearly more overhead. Previously shots with more blood stains on the lion had the sun lower. Meaning the sun was setting not rising. Now supposedly "after" the fight the sun reversed course. No it's a different clip from a different day.
A large part of it is Frank Reich. It's becoming somewhat clear he was the brains behind the Eagles offense last season (seeing their demise without him), and the new creativity of your play calling. The other item is there are enormous investments across the offense supporting him. You guys are getting up there with recent Dallas Cowboys in terms of oline investment, and give a QB that much time to throw and a good play caller and you're gonna tear the league apart. Play calling an oline are game changers. Trust me, I know.
&gt; Not too hard to make yourself look right when you edit your original comment, Are you serious? I made **zero** changes to any words I originally wrote. They are all there. I added details as I realized some people don't know what to look for. &gt; My argument was that, cameras or no, the situation has happened at least once, simply due to the sheer amount of time that has transpired in which the situation could come up. And now you're doubling down on this? Lol, nobody here is talking about some form of existential question of has a lion ever fought a pack of heyenas. Via video they depict a sequence of shots as being an event. Either that event happened as they show, or it was cut together from multiple different events. Please stop trying to change the topic to some other question. There is sufficient evident that event they depict did not happen in that manner, and instead if crafted from multiple different sequences. Do you deny that? Finally, re-read OPs post in this [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/a20w50/lion_takes_on_20_hyenas/eausguc/). It is about details of a specific event. That's what's being discussed here.
And yet, it doesn't show very much for this known shopped picture either. Unless we're to think the 'shopped in the light in the window, the stick in the foreground, the trees in the background and lots of other mundane details. I'm disappointed in fotoforensics. https://fotoforensics.com/analysis.php?id=570ddddfaf3d95abc03d76689c78b2d251f1552b.117141
lol, i know you don't believe that. If you do, can I interest you in a business investment?
&gt; What if you miss? The eternal words of Verbal Kint.
I dunno why, but for a sec my brain thought the bears were in the AFC. Which would've made your comment a wonderfully subtle dig at the intelligence of the rest of us r/nfl redditors. But instead it's just me that's the idiot
That's not your fault
And Taniela Tupou, and the QB Josh Johnson is Marshawn's 'cousin' and was on stage with him at draft night.
[You know what that is?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5AIoh-Sz8g&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=32)
Fyi, it starts off slow. You've gotta make it through the first half off season 1. Often times people give up before then and don't understand. Then come back later and pick up from there and say ooooh yeah I see it now.
Season 4, best season by far hands down. Give it another try. Each season has it's own feel. Part of enjoying the show for me is understanding what each season is providing.
&gt; on a war based on treason Not treason based on refusing to let go of the ability to own other people though.
&gt; Slavery being legalized is why they seceded. Yes meaning they performed treason "based on refusing to let go of the ability to own other people".
I'm not gonna knock Shotty, but I will say this. I think Shotty has been the lucky recipient of Wilson finally having pass protection. The only other time in the league Russ had pass protection (2nd half 2015) he also tore the league up (on higher volume). While people may disagree Wilson did pretty incredibly under Bevel and having immediate pressure on every passing play. I think he would be doing even better now with a better passing minded OC. I do give Shotty credit for improving the run game (on Solari's improved line). He has shown creativity and effectiveness in play design for running plays. And I do give him credit for improving Russ' footwork. Although again I think Russ moves around the pocket well now because he actually has a pocket to move around in.
That NFC playoff season was crazy. Detroit had a really tough loss to Dallas. Then Dallas had the Dez "what's a catch" tough loss to you guys. Then you had the horrible OT comeback loss to us, and then we had the whole secondary dies and interception on the 1yard line loss for the SB. Such a strange year.
Were the Cowboys winning then? SB wins always brings fans.
Can we stop posting every single thing that we ever like as being "a national treasure"? Chocolate cake is not *a national treasure*, putting your feet up at the end of a day is not *a national treasure*, grits and eggs are not *a national treasure*. Nor is Wade Phillips. Mike Solari on the other hand...
Try ordering that in Maine, or Wyoming. They'll ask you "What's a grit?". Clearly not treasured nationwide.
I know it's been said before, but man y'all needed a QB instead of spending that pick on Fournette. You guys have such potential. Hopefully Kessler can blossom under this new OC.
LaFleur can scheme people open well. He's up there with Nagy of new dudes making offense happen.
I mean, nows probably not the time to get into it, but drafting any RB at #4 is pretty much not worth it. QB, LT, pass rusher or trade back for more picks. The guaranteed salary you pay for pick 4 is essentially the same as the top of the RB market. You get no rookie contract savings. Not the same for those other positions.
&gt; We were 5 minutes away from the super bowl. Yes you were, but that could've been an every year thing instead of a one time fluke based on the best season Bortles has ever had (which put him just below league average). Kessler is looking pretty decent so far this game though (ignoring drops and things) - he's making good throws downfield.
&gt; There was no player worth trading up to for other teams and to my knowledge, we had no suitors. Fair, I'd have to re-check the draft to see.
People don't appreciate that the real pain of a safety is not the 2points, it's the loss of a possession, plus giving your opponent good field position.
Cute little run
He's got a big booty tho
Fournette picked the wrong hole. Re-watch and you'll see the A gap was free, but he went with B gap.
Someone grabbed the TE and spun him around. Messed up the timing.
BECAUSE SOMEONE HAS BEEN WORKING WITH ERIK FLOWERS
Yup
Boy, not being able to score that prior series is now a 14 point swing... That's kinda sad.
Clearly he read that
When Kessler throws downfield, he looks decent, but yeah, this play selection has gotten kinda conservative here...
Because he's worse
"That last drive by Jacksonville was shorter in time than the Henry run"
To be perfectly honest, it seems to me like you need to rush less and let Kessler throw more. Stop throwing screens and running on 1st and 2nd down. It feels like you've had way too many 3rd and 7+ this half (could be wrong though). As ugly as they're doing this game, your defense is still #5 in DVOA on he season. Fix your offense and you have a team again.
Thank you corporate! You've earned your placement dollars
Why does Q13 FOX have this ominous music over this news commercial? It's really kinda creepy...
unfortunately true. I wish the commercial were on youtube so other people could watch it.
Doug Marone is calm, cool and collected, because he realizes he's outta here soon
That was some weak coverage: "Hope he drops it". And yet it worked
So low key, that they shouldn't be in the conversation
Nutella is fairly dense - much denser than water. It's be pretty easy to swim in that. I think that's doable.
No flag on the false start?
Hi I'm new to football. I have question. When one team (like the tennesse) take the ball is the other team supposed to try to stop them? thanks you
I thought Cable was in Oakland. I don't understand
Damn, they gonna run salt in the selecting an RB vs QB wound
This game is another reason why do don't pick an RB as #4. Because you can get production like Henry's from much later in the draft.
It's funny, they finally decide to start throwing the ball and they're moving down field.
Check back in 1yr
They're gonna let it stand And Kessler is spending more time on his back than a cheap looker
It's not about Russ, it's about winning. We've played some trash rushing defenses and can get away with what we're doing. When we need to score points, you can't run to win you need to pass and this team needs to be able to do it effectively.
Get initiated! https://nflscorigami.com/
9-36, 9-39
So do I dibs
Holding! Give the people what they want!
Yup, pulled that out of his head
Kessler is balling. I don't know if people are seeing this because of the score, but Kessler is absolutely starter quality. Drops, penalties and other stuff are holding it back, but Kessler is doing it.
You guys wanna know something that's true?
It makes way more sense for him to rest and not get injured
Please tell us one more time Troy that you watched that Dorsett run "live when it happened".
That 99 yard run was better than Beastquake 2.0, though not better than the original Beastquake: With that "little baby stiff arm".
shitposting? I thought this was a celebration time for y'all
&gt; Why do so many of them have braces and different color hair? Because they're young and you're not. And the majority of youtube hours watched are by young people just like them.
Except by every single measure you can find, every single season of Tyrod in Buffalo was better than Bortles 2018 season. That's why. https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/T/TaylTy00.htm https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/B/BortBl00.htm
Yup
I really wish teams would stop drafting QBs because they look like other QBs.
Why no shout out to Kris Richard as the pass defense coordinator? A lot of things you highlighted were how well the defense was prepared for the saints passing game.
No, that's why signing a WR makes sense. Not why signing Benjamin makes sense.
What if it's split into a Part I and Part II? Will you still be happy?
Still one of Sherman's [best plays](https://usatftw.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/usp_nfl__seattle_seahawks_at_san_francisco_49ers_69063718.jpg?w=2000&amp;h=2606)
[This one?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwwuLmXUQAAoLRe.jpg)
Nope, that's a different rat. Look at the original one's legs and hindquarters - they're much smaller then the rat they pan to afterwards. That dog swallowed him whole.
That's not wise.... "Hey guys, he really great at the things that are hard to find in a head coach, but he's bad at one thing that if we want to, we can easily fix by putting someone in his ear to advise on. What should we do?" "Well clock management is more important than developing talent, managing personalities on the roster, handling a ton of injuries and being in a playoff race in the possibly toughest division in the league, with the hardest schedule in the league with Case Keenum as your QB."
Kris Richard is gonna be a HC pretty damn soon as well. Original DB coach of the Legion of Boom, took over as Seattle DC and maintained a solid defense even with all of the injuries. Then came to Dallas, took over play calling from Marinelli, plus control of the passing defense, and is turning out gems. This video being a tribute to it. Either he's gonna be promoted in Dallas soon, or someone is gonna snatch him up.
Nobody thinks he bullied his way in dude
&gt; But I'll stand by my statement that he's just not an NFL caliber head coach. You have a coach in only his second year, that by your own admission is only two mistakes away from having an 8-4 team and you don't think that's NFL caliber? That makes zero sense.
&gt; While Silman is definitely critical of Hendricks book he also acknowledges that Hendricks is basically correct. That's not a fair assessment. He agrees that the end result of an expert playing chess is that they just refer to patterns, but that doesn't mean it's the best way to learn it. Silman's book is essentially a description of the generalized categories of patterns that exist. So that when you watch experts play you'll notice what patterns they are applying when, and you'll know when to use them. It simplifies for the student the first (and most difficult step) of figuring out what the patterns re in the first place. Either a: watch enough expert games to begin to figure out what the patters are, and then being to recognize them in games, then recognize when to use them. Or b: learn directly what the patterns are / look like, notice when people use them in games and then learn when to use them. Route "b" is much easier and faster for learning them, is Silman's argument. And I agree with him. Finally Silman say's "Move First, Think Later" is funny, interesting and an enjoyable read, but it isn't effectively at actually teaching you anything.
&gt; Do you get credit for almost winning? No, but you do make long term decisions on success based on almost winning. &gt; Vance is being propped up by a still elite defense And yet somehow he put together a top 10 most efficient offense with Case Keenum at the helm. Makes ya think huh?
&gt; Why does he look so shitty this year? Because your remaining receivers aren't Thielen and Diggs
Yup you wouldn't want to warn them that you're only gonna have 10 players this play. Better leave it as a pleasant surprise.
Downvoted for treating this sub like a 11 year old's txt message. Please use sentences, it's not to much to ask, and people are then able to answer.
Doug Baldwin https://youtu.be/RVDpLb5ZrGA
Benny,,,
What type of tackle was that? A light push in the back??
They don't want their money franchise getting injured and losing any more players. It's the first real up and coming franchise in the AFC other than the Pats in a while. They don't wanna lose them.
Very costly non-tackle
Can this guy retire from the movie business? He is past his expiration
Cowboys cracked the code??
I'm not sorry. Clint Eastwood is washed up.
This is a key 3rd down right here. And extra driver for KC heading into the half would be a huge game shifter. Gotta agree with Romo on that time management.
I hope Baltimore didn't just lose the game with that series. Need the stop here
He called that "Hellen Keller" route adjustment lol
It was clear to everyone else. And he didn't hand it over to groom him, he handed it over to evaluate him. Eberflus went through the same thing last year and failed, which is why we wasn't given DC in Dallas and had to leave to find a spot. Richard is exceeding Marinelli and will get the job next year.
Not gonna lie, the Ravens are really holding their own. A few small tweaks and they're leading this game. Take your pick, the 3 &amp; 19 completion, the TD miss right there, or that 4&amp;1 conversion. Their game plan is working against one of the, if not the top team in the league. They may not be winning, but it's not due to game plan, or team talent. It's just due to the randomness involved in every game of football.
You really care about perfume pronunciations
What do you mean the oline "hasn't been able to do it against the chiefs"? Their RBs seems like they're averaging 8yds/play. Romo with a Witten there
Go for it again right?
You realize your game plan isn't to pass, it's to win. So measuring passes is a terrible metric. You are tied with the top team in the league right now - that's success.
That's actually kinda smart
Solid gameplan
He did it twice dude. They let ya have one for free. You can't get both or free - ha
I believe the play is called "the receiving end"
uhoh, Ravens and Jags getting flirty. blowing kisses and things
Stop using Montgomery - he's worthless
Man, Baltimore had this. But that push off call on Crabtree killed the drive. Penalties really dragged this game down for Ravens
If they had Flacco in, there is no way they'd be in this game.
I'm so sorry Ravens
FOOOOOOOOOTBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!
Incredible Game! What football used to be like. Not that nonsense TD on every drive stuff the young kids like. Passing, Running, Defense, Special Teams. It all matters this game!
Did it really tho?
Someone has predicted every possible outcome for this game. It's not impressive that one of the 11 of your will be right.
Someone has predicted every possible outcome for this game. It's not impressive that one of the 11 of your will be right.
I've gotta say I love the LJ Ravens
Baltimore defense is worn out. And that delayed blitz did nothing.
Baltimore is playing their 2nd straight drive and are exahusted
Good old, old school (ie 5 years ago) football
99 you need to cut that mess out. You deserved a call for that. Helmet to QB's chest after he's thrown the ball. Cheap way to win, but that's on the books this year.
I'm gonna marry Lamar Jackson this game is so amazing.
Holding on the offensive line. Penalties have been **killers** for the Ravens But they overcome this one
Their offensive line can't protect **at all**
That play could happen to any QB.
What a play. But man those penalties killed
Yup, they just weren't willing to call it on the last play of the game.
I don't know how he does it but Lamar Jackson changes the whole tenor of your team. That's the future of your team right there. And it's still his first 4 games. And it's fresh to watch.
Too many pentalties. Cut those penalties in half and you guys have a win today.
As in, never gonna happen?
Are we just upvoting made up stories now on reddit? Even if you can't stand Kaepernick, making things up isn't appropriate. Either post a link to news reporting this (that no-one else heard about), or remove it.
Hey may get time, but he certainly isn't deserving of it. He honestly wasn't even deserving of a hire.
Why would you go up against him in the playoffs?? That was your first mistake.
&gt; From what was rumored before he wasn’t willing to take small/minimum contracts was a big reason he wasn’t getting signed anywhere And that's been denied multiple times and yet it's still repeated every time his name comes up.
He's just barely started his career and made a few nice downfield throws this game.
Never feel bad about your team keeping it close
Yay!
It's funny. I've been thinking about how tied the Cowboy's fate is tied with the Seahawks now. 1. You guys desperately wanted Paxton Lynch, but we refused to trade with you and traded with Denver as a result you had to draft Dak. 2. We broke Tony Romo and got Dak's career started 3. Let the original Legion of Boom's DB coach &amp; later DC head over in Kris Richard and is turning around your passing defense 4. Very likely ET ends up signing with you this offseason. It's getting up there with SF as far as ties to Seattle.
Their defense is about to be good. Watch them play and see how similarly they move to Seattle... Richard knows what he's doing. Moving Byron Jones from Safety to being a standout CB. They're gonna be good for a while.
Brees had one of those last week against this same D
I know this game isn't about us, but I'm really not accustomed to poor FS play. My immediate response is "why the hell didn't he back pedal initially, and then take such a poor angle". But I've gotta remember that shit happens. Being spoiled at Safety for so long changes how you view the game. You just don't see those types of big plays with any regularlity.
Defenses weren't tired yet
Are you f'ing kidding me??????
This is turning hideous
X is true Oh that's interesting why? Because it was
Russia is heavily propagandizing the Yellow Jackets, just like it did Brexit and Trump prior. You'll see the same trolls now supporting this and sowing division.
It's almost as if an area of the country named "New England" might've taken inspiration from a country named "England".
I mean Geoff did grow up in Cali, play college ball in Cali, play his NFL ball in Cali, and his only two games in cold weather he did horribly. It may be right, it may be wrong, but it's not *that* much of a stretch.
Similarly I don't think those 8 characteristics of life are required to deem something as being alive. A mule does not adapt through evolution, nor does it reproduce, but it's very clearly alive. Our definition of life is limited by what we've experienced, and as we discover more, we'll likely realize our expectations are limited.
Russell Wilson, and a league average rushing offense. When he had to be 95% of our offense last season he still almost dragged us to the playoffs. We now have a league average rushing (on league leading volume) and Russ has the 3rd highest passer rating in the nfl.
What Mike Solari has brought to our offensive line is nothing short of incredible. Russ with time to throw, plus an oline that can run block well. It's like night and day difference. I just wish we had done it when we still had our incredible defense.
Which also means it might be a problem tonight. His arms ain't gonna shrink
Nah, that one made me chuckle Witten on the other hand. He can go bury his head in the sand
Man I love our tacking. One of Pete's best contributions.
**# 55**
I'm actually cool with Tessitore and Booger as well. Thought I do prefer Romo's analysis. Collinsworth was always nice, along with Tirico.
He's in the Pistachio jersey. It's just conicidence that it happened to play the same night we're in our action green jersey. I'd been laughing about Sherman wearing that all season.
CableThanos with Action Green!
He needs to cut that nonsense out. But damn is it fun to watch!
I know it seems slow, but watch it all. It'll change your life. https://twitter.com/CableThanos_/status/1067147011802058755 You're welcome - it's been the rage the past month. He has 4
Hahaha damn Lockett is tiny. Makes Rhodes look like an LB!
Wow, that's not like Russ to underthrow a deep ball like that. Put too much air under it.
Wtf is going on here? btw, if we had made that first TD that would've been the most representative drive of our offense.
That's a complete BS penalty called on us.
So to be clear, a Viking shoved simmons, Ifedi goes to break it up and pull his man away to avoid a penalty. And gets called for a 15 yarder. And takes us out of FG range.
https://twitter.com/AaronQ13Fox/status/1072312474056171520
We are dominating this game, but only have 3 points on the board.
Go for it here
What is going on??
That was hard to watch there
Russ has been playing incredibly all season, then goes on MNF and is looking not great. That said last time he fell against the vikings he pulled off an incredible pass, but that was tough.
Ok so here's my complaint. That play sucked. But we had 50 seconds just a few plays ago and Pete had us run the clock down intentionally. Knowing we only had 1 timeout. That wasn't wise. After the 3rd down conversion we had to pass because we couldn't stop the clock anymore. That was poor clock management by Pete on top of a terrible decision by Russ.
They weren't, but he still had the 3rd highest passer rating in the league entering tonight. Behind Mahomes and one other (likely Brees?). And I think highest or 2nd highest TD %.
If only David Moore had dragged his toe on that TD. None of this nonsense.
Yup, he reports eleigible *every single play*. He's our backup tackle.
Do it!
I think 3-2 is. I'd doubt 3-3
They better not call some helmet bs
3rd and long again. We really need this one, but those two failed runs this series didn't help.
I'm not gonna lie, that was a bit of a rough flag
Dickson just ran away from the man he's supposed to be blocking. Not good there.
I agree, when you think about it, it really wasn't.
ACCOUNTABILITY /s
Booger called that
Please do
Jason Witten really loves to kinda snippily disagree with Booger. And I swear, it seems like 3/4th of the time Booger ends up right.
Shotty, you've gotta figure out how to get this team a score. You can't ask for anything more from defense. This is looking like old LOB type defense.
I didn't see, but I know they are wearing a patch in memorium for Paul Allen. Might've been that.
Stop playing all or nothing offense. Either run or deep passing. Do some short passing please.
whitten leads at that stuff - his instinct is to disagree with Boog. Usually Booger only follows up after whitten is shown wrong.
Glad he looks ok
Bobby Wagner needs 1st team All Pro. ThaT DuDe Is iNsAnE!!
STOP RUNNING ON 1ST DOWN!!!!!
Russ is insane
We have run on every 1st down this half. Vikes are predicting it perfectly. We need to stop that.
shut up
Just what we need. Another controversial Seahawks primetime game.
What'd he say?
Clark is hurt?? no please
You talk about a lying score. "20-0" has absolutely nothing to do with this game.
Witten is blaming the players, when DeFillipo was calling pass plays on 3&amp;1 all game. Witten calm down
Vikes, what happened to your coordinator from last year? You had a winning formula.
CableThanos speaks about the Seahawks! https://twitter.com/CableThanos_/status/1067147011802058755
Dak
Seriously Cousins has **both** a Diggs and a Thielen. Both of whom are better than Cooper. Dak needed just one and clearly looks better.
**Seahawks have arrived** https://twitter.com/CableThanos_/status/1067147011802058755
Oh he has more.... They're incredible https://deadspin.com/good-job-whoevers-doing-these-beautifully-dumb-seahawk-1830854312
Ah yes. And suddenly the Giants look good...
Witten comes across as so insecure. It seems like half of what he says is trying to put down or contradict Booger. But Witten rarely has much to add besides cliches. Booger at least adds legit analysis.
&gt; Thank you folks, Thanks someone else for our own actions. Yah that never happens.
That game last week were Wagner had literally one of everything in the stat sheet was incredible. https://twitter.com/SeaTimesSports/status/1069640669550006273 FF, INT, TD, Hit, Hurry, Sack, Fumble Recover, TFL, PD and still had 10+ tackles Wagoner is the best LB in the NFL for the second year running.
&gt; They can beat the Bears and the Rams Twice this season we almost beat the Rams. 1st time we were in FG range with the clock winding down in the 4th, and then we got two straight penalties and moved ourselves out of FG range and lost. 2nd time I don't remember what happened but it was close as well.
2017 Raiders 2017 Eagles
Gruden is so full of shit. He hides behind other people too much. Just own up to you tearing the team down and taking over. That's expected. But this whole pretending your not, is acting like we're all idiots. We're not.
And the Eagles told us about burnt toast CB...
On the plus side, I never really heard his nor Richardson's name get called out. So it wasn't that bad (today at least).
I hear what you're trying to argue, but I believe it still doesn't hold up. Replace 1 mule, with a group of 10,000 mules on a farm. Same exact thing applies, and you are no longer talking about an individual. Essentially now you are arguing my point that the definition of life is insufficient to cover known valid cases.
He was calling Santa to tell him "these boys are nice!"
&gt; mules are still derived of a population of up to 20000 parents. There, selection is at work, and clearly, reproduction. Thus they are part of a population which reproduces &gt; I get the appeal of the argument but it is a non-sequitur. You're unclear on the definition of a non-sequitur. No-one is arguing that horses or donkeys are alive. Bringing them up and arguing that they are alive irrelevant. &gt; .The fact that it is unable to do that itself is shared with a myriad of other individuals in probably every single species on earth for one reason, or another. It does NOT exclude them from the definition of life. Again you are hand waving arguments. It does not exclude them from the commonly understood and accepted view of what life is. It however *does* exclude them from the specifically defined definition of life in use. You are arguing what life is based on a non-specific shared understanding, not based on the specific definition in use. Nowhere in the definition of life is it declared what a "population" is. Nowhere is it defined that a population of horses and donkeys are acceptable, while a population of mules does not count as it's own separate population to evaluate. Nowhere is it defined that mules should count as part of the horse or donkey population because what a population "is", is never defined. It is also hand-waved. Nor can you do what you're doing and say the definition of life only applies at the "species" level, because it is circular reasoning. There is no concept of species without already assuming there is life present. The more you're arguing, the more you are demonstrating the point that there is no good, specific definition of life. Instead we have a loose definition and fall back to "we know it when we see it". You are arguing "when know it when we see it" and applying that to mules and infertility, you are not arguing from any specific definition.
Sure, I'll argue this once or twice more just for argument's sake. So we're in agreement about "species". So I'll cut to the chase on the next one. I agree you can't apply it to an individual level. So, "What is the definition of a population?" A population chosen to be the grouping/combination of horses, donkeys and mules is alive by what you stated above. However a population chosen of just mules (excluding the other two) is not alive given what you've stated above. Correct or incorrect?
Nothing can be a disappointment when you have Bortles.
While some of our fan base may disagree, Bevell is actually pretty good in Seattle. He was severely held back by Cable's olines.
Then call out Sherm. Calling out the rest of the LOB who did nothing wrong was undeserved. Earl just wanted to play somewhere he was wanted under contract - Seattle or other. That's not to much to ask for a HoF FS.
It's a bullshit take. Sherman is the only one you can say the credit thing about, the rest have been great about giving credit. https://twitter.com/benbbaldwin/status/1072513893505875973
Yeah no, they didn't give Earl a long term deal. That's what he's been asking for all season... His contract is up.
&gt; Not extending him with a year on his contract =/= not wanting him. That's exactly what it's saying... We don't want you anymore. When this season ends you're done...
Except Wilson is still under 350...
The point isn't almost. The point is over 350. glad you see now
hahaha
To put it simply, you're wrong. The fact that you don't want to believe something is true, doesn't make it not true. And it would be helpful to all, if you didn't post statements of opinion as if they were fact.
&gt; I always perceived him as serviceable if not really good. But I don’t follow the ravens. Entering this season Flacco had been the worst starting QB in the league for the past few years. Worse than Bortles, or Eli or whoever you want to name. As in Worse than ranked #32. He was somewhere around 34 or 35 in a 32 team league. This season he has been playing a bit better, but Flacco has been severely holding back a really good Raven's team for a while now, while consuming a very large portion of their Cap. With even average QB play, Balt would've been up there with the Patriots for top team in the league these past few years. It's been time to move on while they still have a solid defense to build around his replacement. Drafting Lamar his offseason was doing exactly that. And after this offseason his contract is cuttable/movable. I expect them to trade or (release him) before 2019 season is played. Value and cost wise, he is probably not worth trading for, but being a QB with a ring in his past some team will want to take a flyer on him just incase they think the Ravens were wrong, and will offer a trade. If someone is willing to take on Brock, someone will take on Joe who has more upside.
&gt; we are 3-1. And very close to 4-0 with that overtime game against the possibly best team in the league. One 4 &amp; 22 stop and you guys are 4 &amp; 0. No he isn't perfect at all, but from where he is right now as a rookie he gives you the best chance going forward. Expect from him as you would a rookie QB, make his life easier. With more games under his belt, if you're in the playoffs, maybe he's seen enough by then to take a shot, or you get good matchups. While yes, you absolutely can lose painfully with him, the fact you took KC down to the wire means you can also win with him.
And an 8-8 QB is exactly what they've been needing these past few years. Just like the Jags needed to do as well, but instead stuck with Bortles.
No with Flaccos cap hit. You don't blow up a team to sign Joe Flacco. Trade for Teddy if you want another shot. Or if you really wanna wing it, a Tyrod or Sam Bradford for a last ditch. All have potential for significantly lower cost that Flacco.
It's almost like the technique his oline coach was teaching made players more injury prone... Unger wasn't the only one.
One of those things is not like the others tho...
I mean he is getting a second chance to show class. He was pretty damn catty this offseason at the mere *thought* that the Raven's drafted someone else to play QB. Mahomes did nothing but praise Alex Smith on how he went out of his way to ease his transition. Flacco couldn't even welcome him to the team and avoiding even mentioning LJ in the press. https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/lamar-jackson-not-being-warmly-welcomed-by-joe-flacco-ravens-already-impressed/ It's good to see he handled it better this time around.
Any list of QB stat's that doesn't include Adjusted Net Yards / Attempt is lacking. (although it completely ignored yards on the ground). And since we're entering the new modern era of stats if you had Expected Points Added / Play that'd be a nice edition.
lol I won't knock someone willing to kick their own nuts like that. kudos tho
&gt; Is he supposed to welcome every rookie personally Nope, but sure as hell welcome one of them out of the entire bunch. The one he's supposed to mentor and take under his wing. The fact he couldn't/didn't spoke volumes.
&gt; Mahomes also had no expectation of starting over Smith Not in his 1st year, but everyone saw the writing on the wall. Did you see Mahomes ball in college? He was the future of the team. Same thing with LJ. Not start in his first year, but again the writing was on the wall. He was the future of the team. Same exact situation except Flacco got hurt. If Alex got hurt last season Mahomes would've been thrown in early too.
Did you link to a video, from a full month later, after being called out in the media, and once he's been forced into a room with him during OTAs? Yes of course he's spoken to him by then. He has no choice...
His Couch. He's done enough in his Career. Has a Super Bowl win. Starting fresh with a new team without a Baltimore style defense really risks exposing and tarnishing his legacy. Go out with retirement now, rather than that or riding some re-building team's bench.
Do you you really think that's what's required to call your new rookie and welcome him to the team?
But I thought the issue in this instance is that they didn't even ask for it until 6 months later. NFL can't keep it's stories straight. Long video, of Katie Nolan, but a really [good summary of what went on](https://youtu.be/sxA3YJRJQuk?t=440).
And like I said. No. But if you have class you do call one. The rookie QB you're supposed to be mentoring. If you want to keep walking this comment circle, at this point you follow up by saying something like: "It takes too much time away from Joe's family to call LJ."
Yup, the good old Tom Cable days. Hawkblogger a local Seattle blogger did the stats on injury rates. A significant number of our oline had high injury rates while under Tom Cable, and then suddenly were healthy once they were playing on another team.
How soon after this incident was the divorce? 1yr or something? While clearly wild speculation you don't need, I'm curious if the wife asked the best friend to do it, so you'd hook up with here and she'd have more evidence for favorable treatment in the divorce. If this were a movie, this would 100% be the explanation. In real likely, almost certainly no.
PFF is measuring the RBs cotribution separate from what the oline is providing. LAR's offensive scheme gives Gurley a lot of wide open lanes to pad stats. But his actual tackles broken, elusiveness, making people miss... Are actually kinda average. He just has tons of volume. At least that's PFFs argument. https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/a5ksoe/carson_and_henry_get_nod_over_gurley_and_elliot/ebnb6vn/
Thats good
&gt; That would be weird, right? Not if my last job was as a rookie QB for the Ravens. Although to your point Alex Smith did say he didn't see his family for almost a week due to his reaching out to Mahomes. http://www.espn.com/blog/kansas-city-chiefs/post/_/id/20983/to-diffuse-some-of-the-awkwardness-of-the-situation-alex-smith-reached-out-to-patrick-mahomes-ii
100% agreed. The only true take. Cable is a bad person, a bad coach, made our team worse, cost us players (Jahari, Glow,), likely cost us a dynasty. Just thinking about all the draft capital that went into the line that we could've used elsewhere. And thinking about what the team of a few years ago would've done with a line like what we have today. In the end you've gotta love our run, and no one person owns it all, but Tom Cable was such an anchor it's amazing we still did what we did.
I don't think he's been an "8-8 QB". I feel like he's been more like a 5-11 or worse QB that's been carried by his defense. And old school Alex Smith or Andy Dalton I'd put as a more "typical" 8-8 QB.
Was that Sanford?? That was such an innocent time in politics, sigh...
&gt; This is the lady's first conviction I assume? ... his seems like a fair punishment for a first offense that didn't really meaningfully change anyone's lives. Nothing would be gained of her being put in jail. And yet those same affordances aren't applied to people of color. She gets treated like a person and get exceptions made for her, someone of color does something equally as minor and it's all "rules are rules, if you don't want to be punished don't break them. If you don't like the law vote and change it." It the hypocracy - the double standard that upsets POC so much. One groups gets exceptions, the other groups get's lectured about "you should always obey the officers commands, and if you don't, you'll suffer the consequences".
&gt; I'm a white dude, so if someone had just out of nowhere told me I had to leave a public place I'd tell her to fuck off. I wonder what other experiences this kid has had that made him so afraid he would just give in like that when he probably knows he's in the right... The unfortunate double standard. And it may not even be that it's directly happened to him, but he's seen it enough times happen to people that look like him that he knows it's not an option.
&gt; That’s because the general belief was, if you ran afoul of the police then you deserve what you get. Yes this is true. &gt; Since most white peoples were middle class, they generally lived in places with relatively small police forces. this one is not true. And finally the implied statement that it was all due to class isn't the case either. Race has played an extremely prominent role in the treatment of people of color throughout this country's history. It's simply that those not on the receiving end of the negative treatment usually downplayed it's frequency and severity.
Refute what? That most white people were middle class?
&gt; It’s not always a question of race Agreed it's not. But it's also not mostly a question of economic status. People frequently complain about their older parents biased views from the media or facebook they consume. A lot of those same people are still running our government and setting our laws. The average senator was born at a time where it was illegal for people of different races to go to school together. That was their childhood and what they experienced. Obviously people can and do change. But to argue that it was mostly class issue simply isn't the case. Similarly to think a switch flipped in the late 60s and it didn't carry forward for decades is also untrue. Race was and still is a significant divisor of our country's history. Class matters as well, but it all needs to to fixed.
Nope, we can't claim that either. We are legit decent. 10th-15th at worst.
That's what so funny is not just one, but likely all. I kinda wish we had cmike back just to see what he'd be like with a oline. *swoon* ff fans would melt
Also the point of the video is to vote for the Seahawks for the probowl before it closes tonight. If you wanna see Russ, Bobby and anyone else get the recognition they deserve. **Go vote for them and the other hawks!** Vote multiple times as you're allowed to. http://www.nfl.com/probowl/ballot It'd be horrible if after all this Russ doesn't make the ProBowl.
Supposedly for the college playoffs ESPN2 or somebody does exactly what you asked for the coaches stuff. They get a couple of top tier A+ coaches, put them in a room with mics and let them discuss &amp; talk about the strategy of he game while it happens. And what they'd do in these situations and why.
Corrections below. Original striked through. Additions in italics. (LW) *that's not your [indecipherable]. I wasn't talking to ya.* (BG) This new york. This is new york. Eerybody late. Everybody. (LW) Because you ~~know see~~ *nosey* thats why you are late (BG) Everybody late. It's new york (LW) ~~[indecipherable]~~ *You'se a nosey bitch, that's why you are late.* (BG) You wanna be on time, go to Jamaica and walk to work. [Laughter from others on the bus] (LW) well okay well if I was here [there?] I would have get there late [interrupted] (BG) Gon be late. [That's] it, you gon be late. (LW) I don't give a shit where one come from [interrupted] (BG) *Don't get* mad at him cause you late. (LW) Not ~~for him may for [indecipherable]~~ *Jamaica either* so you talking [indecipherable] (BG) Wherever you from... You mighta been on time if you walk there. (LW) [indecipherable] *Cuz I* wasnt talking to ya, I was talking to the driver [interrupted] (BG) But you annoying me so now I'm gonna speak on it. (LW) [indecipherable] ~~...fucking years [hoes?]~~ (BG) You fucking annoying (LW) ~~...been living here nine fucking years~~ [indecipherable] (BG) You know what it is? You upset because you got a bullshit-ass job... [Laughter] (BG) And you LATE to your bullshit-ass job. You can't buy a car cause you got a bullshit-ass job! [Laughter] (BG) Don't be mad! Don't fuck everybody else day up! [Laughter] (BG) Poor lady got a wheelchair, she got on the bus with a wheelchair, that's why the bus is late. [unknown person] *It* takes fifteen minutes *to get on this*... (BG) You gon be mad at that? Get outta here. [unknown person singing] ♫ Driivah, don't stop at all!♫ (a buju banton song, apparently) (BG) Axe[sic] yo boss for a raise so you can buy a car, then you won't have to take the fuckin' bus. (BG) I'mma prolly get fired, I'm MAD late! I don't even care. *I'll get another job.* (LW) You retarded! (BG) I'm not gonna get mad at the bus driver, its my fault (LW) Yooou retarded! (BG) I shoulda been on the 12:10 instead of the 12:13. (LW) You retarded. (BG) Thats my fault. (LW) You retarded. (BG) That ain't his fault. Wake your ass up early. Put the fucking dumplings down... [increased Laughter] (LW) ~~[indecipherable]~~ *You ain't [know this / notice] at what time* I go to work. (BG) I mean, and get on the bus. [Unknonwn person, softly] Yoooo... (BG) ~~I dunno~~ *Wildin' out*, B. [Unknonwn person, softly] Yo... [laughter] (LW) Fucking stupid. *Nobody was talking to [him? you?]* (BG) You can keep going. I can keep going. I'm getting off at [5-towers?] So we can do this all the way to the [5-towers?] (LW) ...He's a pussy cus he's *.. you ah*... you retarded. (BG) I'm retarded too? Me and the bus driver - both retarded. [few seconds silence] (BG) Everybody's retarded now. Who else retarded on this bus? [Laughter] (LW) *You. An the driver. You an the driver retarted.* (BG) This bus too long for everybody to be retarded. The retarded people get on the short bus, not the long bus. [bit of laughter] (BG) Yo, go a little slower, driver. [*You*] Going too fast. [Laughter] (BG) Slow down a lil bit. [*I'm*] getting motion sickness on the bus. [Lots of laughter] (BG) *Slow down a lil bit.* [Male person filming] Yo that's crazy. (BG) [Quietly]Fuck this lady B... Fuck she talking about? [Video ends in quiet laughter]
some edits here https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/a5zm6j/lady_gets_mad_at_bus_driver_for_helping/ebr91rv/
Yup 100% true. I've haven't heard a word about it. I've also been quietly watching Vance Joseph and the Broncos and expecting something similar next year with him. Not to the same extend as Lynn, but still oddly present. Them playing one of the most difficult schedules in the league this year. Up against the Chargers and Chiefs in his division. Beat the currently playoff bound Seahawks, Steelers and Chargers. Half of their losses have been from the Chiefs and Rams. Two of the top 3 teams in the league. And their loses have all been by 1 score at most (except 1). And yet I look and see people calling for his head. It's really surprising to me. It's his second season as a first time head coach. They haven't been perfect at all, and have lost some games to worse teams, but still have gotten way more complaints than I'd expect. It really makes me think that for a notable chunk of commenters their pattern matching on "can be good coach" / "bad coach" is fairly ... simplistic.
It's a nice video, but it's clearly not a single school. It's gotta be a collection of all the top HS talent in the country. Which kinda makes sense if you take all the top recruits in the country that a ton of them'll end up playing in the pros.
There is a difference between statement an implication. The fact that it "out to blow your mind" implies that there is something notable about the video. Implying it is improbable this number of NBA players in a single location. If the video were of last years all-star game nothing about the video would "blow [his] mind". It's be fairly expected to see a lot of NBA players in a video like that. So clearly it's implying there is something surprising or amazing about all of these NBA players in this video. And the answer is no, it's not really surprising at all given the obvious circumstances.
There has been a ton of "crap on Blake Bortles" days already. Likely only second to "crap on Joe Flacco" days. That said, it's really sad how terrible of a decision it was to not just take Bortles originally, but to double down and take Fournette instead of a new QB. I haven't checked recently but they were getting roughly equivalent production from TJ Yeldon in YPC. The league if covered in Rd 3 and UDFA RBs that are tearing it up. To spend that level of draft capital on a Fournett (no matter how well he plays) is just a terrible idea on roster construction. It's not a question of is Fournette good or not, it's a question of how much your team is improved over a cheap replacement. Those are a dime a dozen at RB (ala James Conner?), and essentially non-existent at QB. Such a poor organizational decision.
I heard that, but I'm convinced it was just BS after the fact to try to cover the really big egg on the face of the hawks F/O.
Anthony Lynn's name should be up there in putting up a great coaching performances this season. This team looks good.
It's possible my memory is wrong, but my memory was they were making an effort to show competition to get Dallas to up their bid. And then once ET got injured they played it off like it was almost a done deal. That said, there is no way to know for sure. And I 100% present that was just my reading of the situation. No facts for or against.
Barkley is superhuman. Gurley however, is running behind one of the best offensive lines in the league. He runs through enormous holes, and statistically does not break or avoid tackles well. I hope we don't have to see it, but if Gurley got injured it be another Bell/Conner situation in LA.
Because it's not "Best Coach". If it were best coach, BB would've won it every year for the past 10 years plus. He is the best team in the league, period. If he leaves, that team falls to pieces. Everyone knows it, everyone accepts it that he's the best and there is no reason to give him the same award year after year. So instead the award is what it is.
Or the even better video edit https://twitter.com/CableThanos_/status/1057767662384627712
It's something in the air in Minnesota. It is truly cursed
It's not common in the media, but Jameis has actually been doing incredibly this season. Like top 8 QB, even with all the interceptions from early in the year. I didn't believe it till I saw the stats. EPA &amp; Success Rate, the two single best stats for describing an NFL play: https://twitter.com/benbbaldwin/status/1073642058412425216 Jameis is doing **really** *really* well throwing the ball this year.
The post below is inaccurate. [EPA](http://www.advancedfootballanalytics.com/index.php/home/stats/stats-explained/expected-points-and-epa-explained ) is Expected Points Added. It's probably the best or 2nd best single metric for measuring an NFL play ("Success Rate" in some situations is more appropriate). Long story short it's how many expected points a play is worth. It accounts for the difference in gaining 2 yards on 3rd &amp; 1, vs 3rd &amp; 15. It discounts 50 yard interceptions on 3rd and long from your own side, vs interceptions on 1st and goal from the 5. It essentially for each play looks and down, distance and yardline and play result and look historically at every play over the past 10 (or 20) years and says on average this play result just improved (or worsened) the teams likelyhood of scoring points. The amount it improved it is Expected Points Added. (It can be negative if a bad play for the offense like a sack). Passing over expectation isn't a popular stat at all, but it's mainly saying in this given situation ex 2nd &amp; 2 from the 40, what % of the time did this team pass moreso than average. Ex on average teams passed on 40% of the time in situation x, your team passed 45% of the time, so your team is 5% passing above expectation. In this graph they did that calculation for every play your team has run in "normal competitive field situations" over the course of the season. (ie excluding blowouts). There is slightly more there, but thats 95% of it. So it's showing a relationship between how if you're a better passing team, then you call plays more pass happy. The Seahawks are an exception. For a reasonably good passing team, we are very non pass heavy (ie very run heavy).
Man I really like Jimmy as a person, but I don't think he really recovered fully from his knee injury. No explosion and a this point seems like just a big body (which isn't worth 10mil). You can tell he really cares, and had a rough backstory, and wants to do the right thing. I just don't see the production. He felt betrayed by the Saints trading him, considering how much he considered them family. But he just can't catch a break since.
**LEGAL**
I dunno, but I'm not gonna sweat it. People on the internet are fickle
That's a 50!
Yup, when you see *oil barrons* buying up water supply, you **know** some shit is gonna happen.
1 more pick and we're replacing Earl Thomas with him. Was 100% the hawks plan. We were so close.
nflscrapR scripts. Essentially scripts in the 'R' programming language. Specifically its data files which are updated after every game. For these, the data files are output here: https://github.com/ryurko/nflscrapR-data The scripts source is here: https://github.com/maksimhorowitz/nflscrapR
DJ Fluker was tossing Donald around pretty impressively when we played them earlier this season. I was generally shocked. Not that Donald till didn't cause his fair bit of trouble, but absolutely minor compared to his usual against us.
Are you aware of why he sued his team?
Nope! That's a commonly held belief that's actually wrong. In fact there's even an article written about it. Give it a read
This type of thing is fascinating stuff. It's understanding strategy at a deeper level.
I'm doing my part
I heard yes. This is the true story that Molly's Game is based on. Again not fact, but what I read somewhere. Edit: Yes it is what the movie was based on https://www.nydailynews.com/news/crime/feds-high-stakes-poker-sportsbooking-ring-a-list-celebs-wall-street-fat-cats-article-1.1318139
&gt; Her primary lawyer is part of the Federalist Society, and IIRC was given a gag order since he was basically using the case for GOP gain. Is it detailed somewhere his conflict and how he was using her? Id like to read more. I saw some vague references to "a potential conflict", and a reporter, but nothing specific and very unclear who was doing the talking. It said someone was writing an article on her for over a year I think (Which seemed odd/suspicious).
Yup, because they used him mostly as a WR. Taken to the extreme, it's not ok to take a punter have him play WR for you all season and then franchise tag him as a punter for a much lower salary. The question then becomes, where is the line? If you're used 65%+ of the time lined up like a WR, are you a WR? If not, then when?
Cool - you should follow Ben Baldwin https://twitter.com/benbbaldwin Moo https://twitter.com/Moo12152 They post on this type of stuff multiple times a day every day. Best way to keep up with it.
True about the defense, but that ignores the fact the Lamar significantly improves your running game. It's been night and day difference. Flacco doesn't. And doesn't being anything to the table to replace that value.
That's even more incredible.
but it doesn't
&gt; Last season we had a top Run game (#1 by Rush yards), A top defense. You guys still have the #5 defense. You just have the #28 offense. https://www.footballoutsiders.com/stats/teamdef
What's even funnier is that at some point, someone is gonna do this and reference a reddit comment about some guys mom and an elvis movie.
Yeah it's really not ok to rape people as punishment. Or place them somewhere for rape as punishment.
I think it's a terrible move for Baltimore. You have a coach that consistently gets you great defense in a league where that is now very hard to do. Plus a solid special teams background. You finally are developing a QB to take advantage of that style of play (rushing and great defense), and you decide now to get rid of the best coach to match that style? And then what? You're not a team to gun it deep and air it out all game. You aren't built that way and dont have the roster for it. Bringing in a coach who specializes at that means now you need to scrap your roster and start from scratch as a borderline playoff team. It makes no sense. You are finally where you need to be, take advantage of it. If they bring in a different coach, they're likely also gonna lose half the value they're getting from Lamar Jackson and then really just be a team that's lost. Top notch defense and run the ball. It's a dying art, but you're pulling it off so see it out.
Why is his ass in the air like that? Has Rodgers just given up??
Just delete it now dude. Save yourself the effort of realizing you're an imbicile later.
Welcome to the (former) world of the NFC.
And to be clear, Lamar is now 5-1 leading this team. And this is the same defense that Joe Flacco had all year and managed a mediocre record with. The same defense that Joe hasn't been able to make a SB run with for years. And here the are toe to toe with the AFC's best.
Vikes dont look like a superbowl team. Each of those other two looked like the superbowl team. Us beating a playoff team isn't enough to make it happen.
Turtle Pose!
Would he have success throwing fom the pocket? He had the third highest passer rating from the pocket this season. Behind only two MVP QBs this year. And he's been great from the pocket for 3 years now. Yes he can. End of discussion.
You know andrew luck has never had a single season passer rating higher than Winsons career average? That means Luck at his best is still worse than an average year for Wilson.
The one issue is Rodgers has had a top 10 line his entire career. Wilson until this season a bottom 5. That makes and enormous difference between looking good and trash. Take Carr for example. People thought Carr was good because he had the raiders oline protecting him. This season people are laughing at him for crying behind a Tom Cable oline. Pass protection makes enormous difference. Not saying its settled, but objectively it closer than the numbers show.
"...but allowed to like our team..." Is this "*not* allowed to like our team"? If so, that's why other people downvoted you. You are of course allowed to like your team, just like any team. But if a Raiders fan says Carr is better than Brady they will also be down voted, or Poona Ford is better than Aaron Donald I'd be downvoted, or what you posted. Liking your team and it's players doesn't mean ignoring the realities of the game.
You've seen way more of him than the avg national fan. He is great, but still underrated.
Who do you think would enjoy putin us in this terrible situation?!
I can't tell you how disappointed I was that game. One of those impressive streaks like Bobby Wagoner hasn't missed a tackle in two years (excluding that damn Rams game he tried playing on half a hamstring...).
Nope, we definitely do not. But we do run it the *most* in the nfl. Our rushing efficiency is top 10 or 5, but we insist on doing it which gains volume stats. And per game recently I think the new ravens are now averaging higher since their switch over.
Since 2002 the AFC QB has been Brady, Peyton or Ben, in 15 of the last 17 seasons. If I can sit at the start of the season and tell you which 3 QBs will be there at the end of the season; not just for that year but for the next *decade*, that's the definition of not competitive. The entire AFC was reduced to 3 teams that mattered. And it was like that for close to 20 years. In those same 17 years the NFC has had *14* different QBs lead their team to the superbowl. That is competitive. Not pick one of three QBs. It's fine if you weren't following the league then, but it's still important to understand the league's history. The AFC has been extremely unbalanced and uncompetitive for a while. Now it's swinging the other way and it's becoming competitive, while the NFC is having it's turn.
Is this the NFL attempting to stifle any competition? Essentially saying if you sign a contract with another league, then we won't let you join our team? Even if you have an out clause there, we won't let you in? If so, that's pretty damn low. There is no NFL minor leagues, these players want a chance to be paid minimum for what they've spent their life doing. Let them play, rather than blacklisting them while they play with another team.
The thing people don't appreciate about Carr is that he's had it as good as it gets. He had the Oakland line which has been elite for years, and he still has struggled most seasons. Put him behind an average line and Carr will collapse. Gruden knows Carr is not taking that team to any championships. If you're gruden, you'd trade a 2nd for Nick Mullens and cut Carr off your books. The difference in production will be minimal, but those millions in cap savings will be enough to build a team of free agents with.
What's also incredible is how good this LOB era team was. Look at how many all time franchise players were on the team at once.
You may not be paying attention to the QB market, how desperate teams are, and how well Mullens has played. The lord and savior of SF Jimmy G, played in 7 games in SF before getting $30 mil over 5 years. Mullens has played in 5. Actually, now that I think about it Jimmy G had only had starts when he was traded for a 2nd. So you're really misunderstanding the market. And Mullens is still a rookie meaning he has a higher ceiling to grow into. If you think he isn't prime rookie contract QB trade lure, you're very mistaken.
&gt; Mullens could have been signed by any team in the league before Jimmy went down this season or any time during the 2017 season. So could Phillip Lindsay this year. Guess what it doesn't mean a damn thing now. Nobody signed you before your proved yourself. So what. Now that you have, you're in high demand.
Read up about jeffrey Epstein. He is one of the most disgusting people I've read about that are treated like they did nothing wrong. He had a private island he'd fly famous people out to for sex parties. And a number of people across the board people say the 'parties' were filled with sex with underage girls. His private plane to fly people there was nicknamed the 'Lolita Express'. disgusting
Yup, and Trump's paying back 'favors'. Or rather avoiding getting his past exposed.
Ha, this sub is so funny. The argument has now gone from, "no way anyone would trade a 2nd round pick for him" and downvotes for me. To "man that's so valuable with his contract even a 2nd round pick wouldn't be enough for SF to trade him".
Nick Foles has a $10/mil per year contract. That's what started this discussion. It's the fact Mullens has shown a lot on the and is set to earn less than 1mil a year. That's what makes him desirable. You're arguing my point by saying he's worth more than a second rd pick to SF. The fact that he if you think so is worth a 1st round pick to SF, but only a 2nd to other teams because of scheme so no deal happens is again demonstrating my point. A QB with multi-game demonstrated performance on a contract costing pennies is hugely valuable in this league.
&gt; One of the few guys to turn down Weird Al over and over, and was weird about seeing him in public. The fact he turned down Weird Al, has absolutely nothing to do with him being able to take a joke. He was notoriously protective of his music, purchased all of the rights to his masters, and would not let his music be used in commercials and likely the same applied to paradoies.
It's actually extremely easy to learn. If you ask anywhere people will give you the same piece of advice. Pick up a used copy of Madden and play through the tutorials. Single best way to learn the game. It's incredible how well they cover it (or maybe the opposite how difficult it is the find the info elsewhere). Other people recommend Pat Kirwan's "Keep Your Eye off the Ball", but I've never read that. Madden will tech you to recognize a cover 2 or cover 3 by how many steps back from the line of scrimmage a CB is standing pre-snap. And where to pass to beat that coverage. Of course you don't have to go through all of the advanced lessons of the tutorial, but it's a good, quick and fun way to learn football.
I thought all of the madden's since 15 have the "Skills Trainer" which walks through coverages and things. I could be mistaken, but check in with someone else, or look online. From what I can see, both '16 and '17 have the Skills Trainer.
I disagree - I think the problem with the 1st two weeks is that we were up against two of the tougher passing defenses in the league, and had even worse passing play design. Opposing DBs were calling out our plays and saying they were waiting for Shotting to dial them and then jumping the routes. We had 3 interceptions on the same exact route combo in 3 games. With a DB posting to twitter the first two instances he had seen the same play / route combo called. Shotty was terrible those first two games, and said he had to do better. And to his credit he has cut out the crap.
Dude, you have some pretty low aspirations if in your eyes one of the best storylines is "Battle of market share"!! haha
* St. Nick doing it again * Lamar winning after being the last rookie QB drafted and people saying he shouldn't start (oh the tears would be good) * Chargers winning out (Rivers finally getting it, and fresh HC getting a ring. A bit bittersweet due to the move though) * Mahomes capping his amazing year (The Muppets take New Orleans) * Somehow both Zimmer and Eagles each get a WC birth (without actually knocking the Hawks out) * Pats being knocked out in the wild card round even though they have a bye (Or Brady having to play without BB for a season would work too) * AFC keeps being competitive vs back to the usual of knowing the top 3 teams before the season BS of the past 15+ years (Pats, Steelers &amp; Peyton) * Nick Bosa arriving anywhere but the gd NFC West (Thanks SF and Ari) * Russ plays to 40 and Pete, with his life giving gum, coaches till 100 Uh, I forgot what we were talking about, I think I just started listing my football dreams.
It's not that complicated. It left off a "y". From "they" -&gt; "the". With that, it pretty easily understandable.
Probably not by accident that all of these popular video camera companies are being bought up by China...
To easy to buy up the companies that don't spy if you have the money of a nation-state backing you?
Every man loves a party girl, until it's his daughter
There is a 4 min report that goes into detail on exactly what's being discussed. Separately, I hate to be ageist, but if those people @2:30 in the video are our 1st line of defense in cyberwarefare and protecting our electrical grid... we might as well just give up now.
If Benoit is saying it's a good thing, then it's probably time to stop. Hell I'd stop eating if Benoit started praising it. That guy doesn't know shit from applesauce.
It's interesting, but I think that's a somewhat limiting idea. Can people enjoy shows of actors without their same ethnicity? I'd hope so and think it happens often.
&gt; But, people might be less likely to seek them out. That's a fair point, people do often seek thins out that are more familiar but not always. It's a very crude comparison, but would Atlanta be Insecure if it didn't have Donald Glover? Not literally, but how much did having Donald give Atlanta a boost to have time to solidify its audience / visibility? I'm curious how much can be separated.
The article is clearly, obviously satire. Posting this here is about as bad as people taking Tomas Swift's 'A Modest Proposal' seriously. It contains quotes like: &gt; I still don’t know what gluten is, but I think someone should make a horror movie starring Kate Winslet about a girl who awakens to find gluten sprinkled all over her room, leading to a moral crisis. That shit would win an Oscar because Winslet is great at looking wistful while contemplating a moral dilemma. And this one: &gt; I try to inject some suspense into viewing scary movies by pulling for the villain. I find it admirable how Freddy Krueger overcame obvious skin problems and dedicated himself to protecting Elm Street from gentrification. I believe Chucky is just a misunderstood little doll who can be a little boisterous at times. This is so obviously satire. I don't get it, it's like people's brains turn off the minute the topic of race comes up, and they can't think straight anymore.
Extremely over hyped. If you make that same movie with average budget special effects, people would be sleeping through it. When interest in your move hinges on SFX, you aren't a good movie. You're the latest Avatar.
That's some pretty obviously satire
Actually the dude is already specified, you just need something to ride the pilot wave and find out for you who he is.
This post is accurate, and we're like going to start seeing teams incorporate this knowledge into their games over the next few years.
Actually these ads were displaying on the Subways in New York City in the mid to late 90s. It's possible they were used before then, but it's 100% certain that they appeared long before 2011.
I'll say this, I personally saw cartoons in the same manner in the 1990s in nyc as part of a campaign to use condoms. I specifically recall the one of a person rollerskating out of control down a hill and ending up "having sex" with someone leaned over in a car. The only difference that jumps out to me between the pictures from the 90's is that they were "dithered" as old dot matrix printers would do. So either this used the same source material, or your friend was inspired by them, or it's a pretty impressive (and surprising?) coincidence.
So I'm not actually watching the game, but from what I read, CLE is stacking the box to stop the run and forcing Jackson to throw. Is it working and the Ravens are winning with the Pass, is it failing and they're still running on them anyway. A mix of both? Or just a few fluke plays that have set the score?
They couldn't even *make it* to the playoffs with Flacco as the QB this year, no way they'd *survive them* with him.
Our country loves to have pride in ignorance. Some places more than others
We should start having prizes for the first onto announce a TD by either team in the thread. The equivalent of a first post.
Uh, I just joined this thread. The flair of the posters is (how should I say), slightly skewed...
Was that SAP commercial satire? I'm supposed to believe that **business** is going to make it its goal to solve world problems? It's not. Not even problems it created.
They showed the replay. It was a weaker call, but still an reasonable call.
Larry so incredible If you want a spot up north, we'll always be welcoming ;)
&gt; Who’s he got to talk to? Rodgers.
Forget about 'clutch', Kirk Cousins is 'brake'.
Sitting by the door, with his interview clothes on. Cell phone in hand... Ready to say "Yess sir! I can be right there for the interview". Probably staying at a hotel at Newark Airport so he doesn't have to risk traffic to a flight getting him. "Just in case. You never know."
The funny think is that some other years a post like this might be believable. But not after the 2018 we just had - nobody wants to relive that.
I don't understand why so many people assume that every person who is big suddenly wants to kill them. It's so odd. The inability of people to separate "this person could possibly harm me" to "this person wants to harm me" is so odd. Clearly there are people in the world who want to do harm, but (and it's not just you) it's everywhere, the idea of "oh my god this person is big and scary they must be trying to threaten me" is perplexing.
Malik seems to me like a player that if he had been a part of the team, and joined in with the crew from the get go, would've then stayed on the straight an narrow. But sitting around for two years with nothing to do, and unable to play football I'm assuming led to a bunch of stuff behind the scenes that we won't find out and played into the hawks not keeping him. If you have any top Neurologist in the country saying you can play, and the team isn't signing you up to try, a bunch must've happened during the interim to spoil the relationship.
Get ready to say that for a couple years in a row. On the plus side, if you have to have Tom Cable, better to have him while rebuilding and hope he gets dumped when the rebuild is ending, rather than have him during the incredible championship window of an all time top defense paired with a top 5 QB. Not that I'm bitter or anything. Good luck to cutting Cable.
Oh im well aware of his origin story - good luck getting rid of him.
I legit believe that with one year under that staff Geoff could go down injured and Bortles could step in without missing a beat. If you watch Rams games their QB isn't making many incredible throws, he's simply executing against incredible play design. Hitting fairly wide open targets from easy reads. It's not a knock against him at all, but a credit to how good of a HC Sean McVay is. He's democratizing the QB position.
The better question that nobody is asking right now is wtf type of answer is "not yet"?? Someone tells you that you're shitting yourself and your response is "Not yet"?? Are you seriously waiting to stand up to when you're actually shitting yourself? What other sense can that answer mean?
You also have to remember that any rush stopped behind the line of scrimmage also gets counted as a sack. I didn't watch all their games, but he rushed a lot.
"Need to show him off" is one odd the dumbest takes I've heard. No the need to coach him and win games. Winning games validates their pick - showing him off on TV makes them sound like an insecure teenage girl with her new bf.
Hmm, I may be mistaken then. Thanks!
Ok, I'll bite - who have you picked in past years? And what was the reason?
&gt; I love the forests, and **worry about them.** How you know s/he really is from the Pacific NW.
You should also know, of those tiny and confusing states. They aren't so tiny. NY + PA is larger than Great Britain. Not feeling so great now are ya?
&gt; They can’t just run a crazy risk taking offense Nobody is asking them to run a crazy risk taking offense - why would you even bring something like this up? &gt; I’m saying that Seattle’s run first offense is totally fine and I don’t understand why armchair coaches are so desperate to change it. Because those that watch the games, see the run first offense isn't totally fine. It's like looking at a guy competing in a track meet in flip flops. He manages to win a bit. People say, hey, stop fucking around with the flip fops and put on some running shoes and you'll be winning almost every race. Instead people respond back with "Look he won once in flip flops, therefore flip flops are perfectly good. What would happen if he doesn't run as fast without the flip flops? It make no sense to change, he isn't coming in last place." And many people are looking at this line of reasoning as absurd and are calling it out. Along with the thinking of "hey the Greeks ran in the first Olympics in sandals, so flip flops are perfectly good to run in now. Don't change what's been working for ages."
"Hilary Clinton announces she has not ruled out 2016 run. Orb, instantly quadruples in size."
And he still was #1 that season up until he broke his leg.
True, but being run into by a full speed Kam Chancellor 3 years ago is also not exactly an age related injury.
Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. There is "TV show dark" and there is "internet dark". I would not have been cool with watching a scene of a guy fuck his son in VR. And that would've been way over the line for most people watching this show. I'm not saying it's not possible with the tech of the world the author created, but it would've been too much shock value. Yes I would've been shocked, and yes it would've been dark, and yes it would've been my last black mirror episode.
Yup and? Obviously not in the same ballpark, so why bring it up?
Yes it would increase the shock value just for the sake of increasing the shock value, but it wouldn't make it a better story. Black Mirror isn't a show just saying crass or shocking things just to be a "rebel". It does it to demonstrate a point. None of that kid stuff would push more of a point, it would just make it more shocking - that's all. This isn't a show for adrenaline junkies.
MLB vs NFL I believe you meant
&gt; getting one game in the MLB is a pretty damned big achievement. Nobody said it wasn't. You're arguing against no-one.
My favorite line of argumentation to see. I can't fully envision the completely implemented solution at this point in time after 60 seconds of thought, therefore it shouldn't be done and or is impossible.
Just give up dude. He's made you look foolish at this point, and you're just digging deeper. He listed off 5+ countries, and you're just trying to ignore them and cling to something. Then trying to attacking the "education of the sub" because you don't have a response to his argument. It comes across very weak.
It's all good
If Pete had Russ throwing as much as Ben Rothlisburger, Locket would've had ~1600 yards, and 16 TDs last season. On only 115 Targets. That's *absurd*. That's Julio Jones, AB level production, on Corey Davis level targets. lol
Actually, the opposite. The data is extremely right skewed, with majority of players playing a short period of time. OP thinks the mean is *too low*. Swapping to median would only make it lower. What OP wants is to simply filter out more short career players (ie players who never started).
Kesrse has always seemed like a great guy. At the same time, he has always quit on routes and given half effort on lots of plays. His few big time catches don't make up for all he's cost in low effort plays. That said 2017 even in training camp / pre-season he looked different - full effort on all plays. Glad he had a great 2017. But it sounds like 2018 regressed.
And a good OC who no longer has to deal with Tom Cable's bullshit.
Which makes no sense since statistically Prescott has outperformed Wentz. And he doesn't have the injuries. Feels &gt; Reals?
Or more like everyone hates people who change lanes without using their blinker and say so each time they see it.
It would be nice if there were text on this accessible via screen reader so someone blind could actually read it...
Just like taking advantage of that substitution rule against the Ravens a few years back... Pets sure waited for a critical drive in a playoff game to pull that one out. Was Bill crying then? No. So why's he crying about this now?
How can you tell? The pixels?
More than you
3 out of 5 (or 4 out of 5?) on our oline are backups. So many injuries this year.
Eagles have one of the best run defenses in the league. And incredible from 7. Relatively weak pass defense. The answer should be quick passing, but Pete still's gotta stall drives trying to run. And they try a 20yd pass on 3rd &amp; 3.
Shotty!
This is what Russ has to deal with all season. Brian Shottenheimer. Literally gives up on a drive because it's 1st &amp; 20 at mid field.
Why all these deep pass play calls? Keep throwing 10-15 yards and march down the field. they'v been successful in that range. run isn't working, and line can't hold up long enough for deep shots. Please just take what's working... Every time a drive is going, they start running towards Cox, or trying to throw 40yds deep.
You got your make up call on that PI
It's crazy to think, but if we had Lockett, DK and Flash we probably have one of the top receiving corps in the league. While earlier this season that Pats had a better collection that us. Russ makes WRs look even better than they are. He made Jermaine Kearse look like an above average WR.
They say he's spent a lot of time on the jugs machine.
May want to edit. I think you swapped your former and latter. BillB absolutely adapts his system to his players.
You post this like Shannahan was some type of savior. Shanahan also is the one who effectively ended his career keeping him in that playoff game on that horrible field that destroyed his knee. Any coach has to show he will look out for the health of his young players - Shanahan prioritized winning over his star's well-being. Once RG3 saw that it essentially forced him to say "I need to protect my long term career" which let to wanting to play in the pocket.
If you watch closely, vast majority of those drives we decide to force the run game. You'll essentially never see a drive stall due to 1st and ten pass-pass-pass. What you will see is 1st and 10 run for 2, the run stuffed then pass inc. Only time we go p-p-p is if we're 1st and twenty and past midfield. But even then. Shotty likes to give up on a dive and just HB draw on 3rd down or screen pass instead of trying to convert.
For you and the other replies saying RG3 "tricked him" into playing, are you guys brand new to football? Every player always wants to play - period. Examples, Edelman running from doctors on the sideline to not get inspected, or anyone saying they're not that hurt and can play through it. Especially a kid fresh out of college playing in his first playoff game. It's the coach's job to decide what's best for the team. You know he has a partially torn knee, you see his limp is getting worse, you see the field is horrible and you know it's the future of your franchise. This passing the buck needs to stop. The coach decided to gamble on his QBs health and he lost.
yes, but his lower body was already down, while his torso fell to the ground. When his butt was down, it was still clearly short.
Home field advantage... I would've liked for Russ to use that 1 sec on another hail mary, but no luck.
He's an American
Marshawn is washed - we are wasting drives giving him the ball this much. He is nothing more than an average back that doesn't know the offense as well at this point . Go quick passing and put Travis Homer in there.
And you heard that bullshit during the game. The coaches don't let Russ run in the 1st half. Even though his running was tearing the packers up. Why not let him play like that all game? Because Pete wants the hawks to win by running the ball... It's absurd.
You have to understand is that they do that every fucking time. Every single game. They insist their "identity" is running the ball, it fails all 1st half due to their oline being not good enough to open holes and then they ask Russ to save them. And when he does and throws the game plan out the window and just plays his ball the team does amazing, but it's often too late.
&gt; ~~Pete~~ Russ won a bunch of games and almost made it to the NFCCG with a few good players and a bunch of smoldering garbage everywhere else. Russ won those, just like he almost did tonight. Again, the hawks only can score when they throw away the game plan and play book and just let Russ play.
We spent a 1st round pick on a **run stopping DT** as the league becomes more and more pass heavy. And that guy couldn't even get on the field all season. Our last playoff drive ended because a WR3 (who likely doesn't make the team on most teams) couldn't catch the ball thrown in his chest. And our best olineman I believe was something like the 40th or 50th ranked tackle in the league according to PFF. Pete wants what he wants.
I love mahomes, but mahomes is not the best QB in the league. He actually had a lower completion percentage than expected given how open he receivers were. And he has top tier receivers across the board. Andy Reid scheme players wide open, play after play. Absolutely top 3 play designer, and a strong argument for top play designer in the league. Take that away from Mahomes, and he looks like a solid top 10 QB.
The only pass plays Pete believes in a deep play action shots, which he insists only work if you first "establish the run". Russ always wants and has always wanted a quick passing game. Everytime he's allowed to run it he balls out. Every two min drill (when he's calling plays) he balls out. When the team is so far behind they give up and let Russ do his thing, he balls out. I agree that they called "passes", but again it was only Pete style. If you have nflgame pass, look at how many passes in that first half had max protect and 2 WRs running deeper routes being covered by 5 DBs and nobody getting open. 2nd half, seams, wheels, some quick cuts, (and some deeper shots) and the offense was moving.
Pete and Mike are two peas of the same pod. Brilliant defensive minds - only want to win football games by running the ball. What it boils down to is this. As much as coaches like to say they coach both sides equally, they usually have a favorite. Defensive coaches prefer their side of the ball. Typical offense / passing always has more variability, so their goal is to eliminate the variability of the side of the ball they "don't control"/ "aren't experts on" so they can "win" with the side of the ball they do control. When the offense is winning/losing the game it feels like they aren't controlling it. When the offense just stays close, they feel like they can control it via the defense and win the game. The highest variability type of play on offense is passing. As a result, many defensive minded coaches ask their offense to just focus on running the ball so their defense can control the game. It'll get them a decent about of points, and they win by having their defense allow fewer. That's a great strategy if you have a mediocre QB and a top tier defense. If you have a top 3 QB, you goal is to score points. Period. Saints do this, Chiefs do this, plenty of teams do this. And then on top of that run your defense. But some coaches can't/don't get past this, and can't adapt their offensive philosophy. Pete is a great defensive coach, and builds an *amazing* atmosphere for players and a phenomenal culture - but he needs to accept that the game has changed, he doesn't have a defense and he has a top 3 QB in the league. Let Russ cook.
It obviously comes across as really homer, but I don't think people realize what it's like watching Russ every week. Those nail-biting games that you see on SNF, TNF, MNF are almost weekly occurrences for us. It's hard to describe what it's like when *every, single game* comes down to the wire and is a just barely win or just barely loss. No deficit feel insurmountable. And I truly believe if we had gone for it on 4th down in that GB game rather than punt that Russ would've scored. Only because we've seen him in that mode so many times before. It's truly astounding to watch. I've watched sports for a long time and really never seen anything like it.
You're talking about your worried about your health and your biggest concern is the inconvenience that you don't already have an account there??? Why are you even posting? Just to complain? for pity?
It's almost like one of the main reasons you guys were able to constantly host a winning team was the prior cap shenanigans - and if Brady is saying he's not willing to do it any longer things quickly fall apart.
Your objection to this is "Why would someone use 23andme"???
On the one hand, I don't know. On the other, Russ is probably one of the single best mentally prepared athletes in the NFL. Definitely the best playing the QB position. His resilience to and ability to overcome no matter what the odds is incredible. And rally people while doing it. If it's mental health coach is at all partially responsible for that, then it's absolutely worth it.
That was the excuse given to not make the team look bad, but it was pretty clear from the video what was going on.
Do you even remember the video? There were 10 full seconds remaining on the play clock. Your reasoning doesn't hold up to facts.
Yawn, you're not following at all
Sounds like libertarian paradise!
The reason it's so similar is because everyone knew there was a huge likelhood of it happening. Its the same reason that flooding of New Orleans was a disaster preparadness drill before Katrina, and that a mega earthquake hitting California. People who study this stuff for a living know what the high risks are - it's not a mystery. You're just learning about it now, but people have been studying this for years, but just like many things it only makes it onto the public radar when something happens. Other events that are studied are accidental nuclear plan materials leaks, trains carrying poisonous chemicals crashing, terrorist attacks on a major city, and hacking of critical infrastructure/power grid. Governments and related entities do these studies and drill for them because they know what's likely to occur and want to be prepared. Birds, bats and pigs are known carriers of disease that can likely jump to humans. Avian Flu, Swine Flu, SARS, MERS, Spanish Flu, Ebola. All of these came from birds, bats and pigs. These isn't a mystery or a secret. No media has mentioned it because there is literally no reason to mention it. I'd almost guarantee there have been hundreds of these studies around the world going back over the past two decades (since SARS) if not longer. What you're talking about is nonsense.
Actually yes I've watched all 11 mins of it.
Governments and Health orgs simulate this type of stuff all of the time. It's not a prediction, it's not a crystal ball - it's simply then demonstrating what a worst case scenario of a coronavirus could look like. SARS was also a coronavirus and didn't cause a Spanish Flu level outbreak. It's all normal to do.
If s/he wanted to say the hospital/university s/he would've mentioned it...
According to this map, Zhejiang, Henan and Guangdong provinces are all where Hubei was about 10 days ago in number of cases. So we'll see in 10 days how it's spreading there. Now that said, the one enormous difference is that when Hubei had only 150 cases or so, people weren't yet taking it seriously and there was no quarantine. That's all changed. The fact that they are at full alert now now means (hopefully) it should have a lot more trouble growing in those areas since most people will be staying home, wearing masks... https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6
A hotel is the same thing if he asks cleaning not to enter. Not to mention it seems like they'd be more equipped to help if need be.
The particles die relatively quickly after leaving the body. I'd need to find it, but I don't believe multiday shipping from China was much of a risk factor.
If there are 10x the infections but they aren't included in the stats, then that means the fatality rate is 10x smaller. If 20, infections aren't charted, them fatality js 20x smaller.
I'll finish your sentence since you seemed to have trouble doing so. "... means cancer must be very different." And why yes that is right.
It's been predicted for 20+ years that climate change is gonna cause massive fires and flooding around the world. Temps rise, fires start and you blame "save the trees" efforts? This it's why this stuff happens. People refuse to listen to scientists if it goes against their politics. Same thing in China. Please listen to scientists.
It's been predicted for 20+ years that climate change is gonna cause massive fires and flooding around the world. Temps rise, fires start and you blame "save the trees" efforts? This it's why this stuff happens. People refuse to listen to scientists if it goes against their politics. Same thing in China. Please listen to scientists.
The wikipedia link has what seems to be a recently updated copy.
You forgot the inexplicable need to hold your arms out in front of you while you walk.
40+ mil, which is all the more reason why turning down help due to pride is inexcusable right now.
Much of the world wasn't born. Swag guess says more than half the world was under age 10/not born when the wall came down.
Made up my mind on what? 1. That 40mil is a lot of people? 2. That China should accept offers of help in preventing what could in the worst case turn into a global epidemic? 3. That the american CDC is very knowledgable and capable (likely best in the world at this)? I don't know what point you're arguing. I'm not certain that you do either.
Your response makes no sense. The summary of your argument is. 1. We don't have accurate facts from China 2. Based on the facts it's not a global issue Your #1 point is that we *don't* have accurate facts. External experts who has looked at this have said it's worse than reported and likely needs to be seriously addressed. The single most respected expert organization thinks it's serious enough that they are going to fly in and give an accurate assessment so we can get facts. And your conclusion is 'no'. We don't have facts. A team is coming to help (and gain accurate facts). And you answer is China doesn't need them based on the data they've reported that even you say is inaccurate. The reason people are down-voting is your argument doesn't add up. If the American CDC is asking to fly in to help, from what they're seeing it's a problem that needs to be addressed. The point is one week from now may be too late to effectively change things in China. How would we know if one week is too late? Sounds like we need to get the facts! &gt; We don't want a global cry for help every time someone sneezes. That is the largest non-sequitur of your post. 1. Who is "we" in this? You? You don't set global health policy. Guess who does? The CDC. 2. There was no "cry for help". An external entity providing assistance isn't a cry for help. 3. Time is of the essence. It can take countries weeks to months to mobilize a response. If you wait until you are 100% certain there is a problem, and then it takes a month more to mount a response it might be too late to address it. You're misunderstanding exponential growth. This is not a time to panic, it's not any sort of inevitability, there is a good chance this is able to remain contained in China and not become self-sustaining in other countries. Or it may not happen and it might spread throughout the world. Guess who can help accurately make that determination and fix things if they need fixing? The american CDC.
The [article](https://web.archive.org/web/20200128085806/http://chinamediaproject.org/2020/01/27/dramatic-actions/) from that post is a [great article on the situation and how it go so out of hand](https://web.archive.org/web/20200128085806/http://chinamediaproject.org/2020/01/27/dramatic-actions/).
You make a post complaining of a trend, and don't have any example post submissions supporting it. The only evidence you have supporting it is a single comment (that is highly upvoted) that you say last night wasn't. That's it? A single (presumably) downvoted comment? I'm not saying you're wrong simply that I haven't noticed it, and you've provided no supporting evidence of it to sway me. I'm not against what you're saying, but nothing I've seen here shows it's happening. I mean we should all call our mothers regularly and them them we love them. I agree it's a good thing to do, but again nothing I've seen on this subreddit leads me to believe people aren't doing that.
But what's the issue here? Do people really think they aren't building the hospital? Obviously they are as there is real-time video of it being built that people are watching. Do people think they can't build a hospital in 10 days? Obviously not since they already did it for SARS. So what's the mystery here? Instead of using a real photo, someone was lazy and used a stock photo is the most logical explanation. Overal China has suppressed initial release of data on the virus, [they threatened and jailed people talking about it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTpwyMZTh6g), they likely are still downplaying the numbers, [they are refusing help from the CDC](https://www.theepochtimes.com/china-refused-american-offer-of-assistance-in-studying-corona-virus-outbreak-us-health-chief_3218870.html), ~~they are setting up internet taskforces to jail people up to 7 years for discussing the virus~~ ed: [WeChat is banning people and "reminding" people they can receive up to 7 years in jail for spreading "false rumors" about coronavirus](https://web.archive.org/web/20200129000855/http://m.people.cn/n4/2020/0126/c205294-13626790.html). ([org link](http://m.people.cn/n4/2020/0126/c205294-13626790.html)). And the [previous people they arrested for spreading "false rumors" were claiming that the coronavirus is capable of human to human transmission.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTpwyMZTh6g) There are tons of things the govt is doing wrong. Using a stock photo in place of a real one is the least of my concerns. Edit: Now included links with proof of statements above, since it seems people didn't believe me without direct links and instead downvoted.
&gt; I didn't once say we don't have facts, you made that part up...That being said they could be lying, my entire post assumed they are not... And yet here you are: &gt; *Do I believe what China has reported, NO.* And later &gt; You say America wants to help China, simply put they do not, but a dip in China's market means a dip in USA market and they don't want that. They are offering to help themselves and play the hero So you're arguing that America want's to play hero by helping China while simultaneously arguing america doesn't want to help China. You're making no sense. When they land on the ground either they help or they don't. Please make up your mind on which it is. Either they get the situation more contained or they don't. Please decide which it is. One is helping, one isn't. You're arguing some moral high ground while people are trying to save lives. You claim it's not about pride then *you* give a rant about how upset it makes you that America would be playing the hero and thus wounding someone's pride by them accepting help. We are talking about a serious medical incident, not who's feelings might be hurt. If you want to know when China lost the moral high ground on this? Read [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20200128085806/http://chinamediaproject.org/2020/01/27/dramatic-actions/). And actually finish the article. Then watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTpwyMZTh6g). This was on January 2nd and people were trying to get the word out then that it was H2H and a concern. What happened to them? At this point you'e putting the world at risk. Swallow the ego, and do what's best for people's lives, not games of one-upsmanship.
And you disagree with nothing I wrote? Or actually write a response.
I don't hate you and I'm not mad about it. I'm trying to help you make a stronger more convincing argument. If you're certain people are downvoting you for now reason, who knows, it likely could be China's equivalent of the troll armies that patrol the western internet. As this place grows in size they likely have become aware of it - and they care about "reputation management" both inside China and outside. But again that's all pure speculation by me (which i try to avoid doing). If you had more concrete links to point to it'd be easier to have support.
You still haven't made any actual statement. Just innuendo. If you think China actually isn't building a hospital, then say that. If you think they are, but are creating a fake video, then say that. If you think something else, then say that. It's still not clear what you're arguing for. Make a statement and defend it. I'm not even necessarily arguing against you or saying you are wrong - who knows, I may agree with you. But we wouldn't know because you still haven't made any affirmative committed statement in your posts as to what you think is going on - which was my point.
&gt; Your first link is literally showing china not freaking out to a new virus, and handling it procedurally, you don't declare an emergency over 27 deaths. 7 people came out and said a true fact and were arrested for it. People said it can be transmitted from person to person. That is a fact. They stated a fact and were arrested. How is that hard to follow? If that word had gotten out, it would've saved who knows how many lives. Literally just stay away from people - and if you're sick you can spread it. Simple facts. Not arresting someone doesn't mean calling an emergency - that's entirely separate and we both know it. People saying SARS is back should be arrested? Ok, now I see what you are. This virus is what 98% the same as SARS people give warning mistake it for SARS and they should be arrested. Yeah I see what's going on here. It's of no use to argue with you with your clear agenda. I initially thought you had honest intentions, but your SARS comment made it pretty clear. thanks, have a good day.
That happened previously a few days ago as well and they later updated it with the specific province (that time is was Hubei). I obviously have no idea if the same thing is happening here, or it's something more "intentional".
So sacrifice the people in order to preserve power. got it.
CCP's delaying / suppression in those first weeks of January really had terrible consequences down the road.
Did you even read what I wrote? It's the exact opposite of shilling for China. The largest chunk of my post, the single biggest paragraph is item after item of them fucking up with links to sources. idiots on this site...
You know they already did it right? in 2003. This isn't some amazing architectural triumph. It's a freaking pre-fabricated building. It's the equivalent of shipping containers or a mobile home or something. Is that why you're so upset?
smooth
Thanks for sharing. This is good reference info. My assumption would be as well that it's in Phase 5 with the human-to-human transmission in Japan. My concern is the number of people in Thailand will lead to a second community level outbreak there and officially shift us to Phase 6. It both received a number of tourists from Wuhan, overall receives a lot of tourists from China, has kept its borders open to try to maintain tourism in a slow economy ~~and has recently just halted reporting of its coronavirus numbers.~~ Hopefully I'm wrong, let's see. Edit: Removing claim that I can't find any reference for. So will consider false unless I do find it.
Sure, will see where that link was, and then edit it inline here. Update: While I'm pretty certain I read it earlier today, I'm unable to find any reference to it. I don't want to contribute to any unsubstantiated claims so will edit my post to remove it. Thanks for raising the point!
&gt; For example, one patient spread it to 14 hospital workers. From what I read, the one patient spread it to 14 hospital workers because they were performing surgery on him and didn't know he had it. The amount of body fluids, and other items spread during a surgery is very different than normal interaction. As well I don't think they were even wearing protective masks yet it was so early on right?
I mean, it's really not. It's a pretty typical username reference.
The study is essentialy, "how well a student performs at school is the highest predictor of how well a student will perform at school".
While obviously subject to change, what is the upper bound of the initial sigmoid fit? Id like to watch that UB also change over time.
I think people fundamentally don't understand the risks. They've watched too many zombie movies. The result isn't that the world ends. It's that it becomes endemic in the global population. Meaning just like we have a seasonal influenza virus (the flu) that is never cured due to mutating too fast, and a seasonal cold virus we will now have a seasonal corona/pneumonia virus. It will come around every year and will be 10 to 30 times as deadly. That's the likely worst case end result. Will that cause the world to shut down no, but I and many others don't want to have this thing coming around every year. That means in the US alone this new coronaflu would kill between half a million and a million people a year. Do you have any parents or grand parents you care about? Are you overweight, and exercise little? At risk for future diabetes? There is no reason to panic over this, but at the same time it's not a time to be naive about what the world is fighting. It's not global Ebola and not the plague or Spanish flu. We aren't about to lose 30% of the worlds population, but that doesn't mean it isn't very serious.
That's becsuse the US has states and Canada doesn't duh! / s .
Separate from the seasonal nature this virus could become endemic in the global population correct? Wouldn't you agree that is a very possible outcome? And we do already have an example of an endemic coronavirus in the common cold. Being RNA based and thus more prone to mutation than a DNA virus means it could fall into a situation similar to the seasonal flu which has no cure or permanent vaccine simply individual strain vaccines. Are any of these views incorrect?
&gt; however, this is 央视频，a platform run by the state broadcaster, it does not have an incentive to inflate the numbers since its not for profit. Yeah this statement makes no sense. A country in the middle of a crisis becsuse they mismanaged their response to a still spreading virus has no reason to try to distract and trumpet any sort of success they can find? Yeah that's exactly why they'd do it. The fact it's state run media means it's almost certain those numbers are enormously inflated.
So some quick thoughts of mine: They said they were doing twice daily updates, but from what I can tell, the most recent major update was still about 24hrs ago. Overall it looks like Huebei growth has possibly slowed from 50% per day to something less? (Maybe 40% per day almost impossible to say with the irregular numbers coming in). This could be because the early parts of the quarantine is kicking in, this could be because previously they were playing catch up on testing and working through a backlog of people to test. It could be because they're now hitting their infrastructure limit of how quickly they can turn around tests, or it could just be random fluctuations in the data. None of us know, but I'm going to hope it's quarantine (which would make sense). Assuming the other provinces are still growing at 50%, then today's final number would be around 8340 or so. Which would be lower than the prior exponential growth curve we've been on. Now again, this is all just a quick random projection off too little data. I've got no inside info, or any expert info - and other people have done way more rigorous analysis of this, so take this for what it's worth: not much :) Edit: Had an incorrect calc above and fixed it. And again, this isn't some super advance modeling I'm doing, seriously don't put any weight on these results, especially Hubei possibly slowing. It's mostly likely noise. Just looking at the data a bit to see if there are any trends. Edit 2: Including a link to /u/evujb5 's [log graph](https://www.reddit.com/r/China_Flu/comments/evujb5/numbers_are_starting_to_update_from_china/ffybyc1/) which I saw lower in the thread and I think is a helpful visualization of the changes in the exponential growth.
Here are BNO's numbers going back a little while. Until the 26th it was growing at roughly 50% per day. If you were to extrapolate (on extremely too little data) between the 26th and the 29th it would average out to ~40% growth per day. Again, this is such small sample of data (4 days, meaning only 3 days of growth to measure) that it's really difficult to have any confidence in these numbers. But we'll give it another day or two to see if it stays at 40%, or if it bounces right back up to it's more normal of 50%. Date / BNO Hubei Number Reported / {expected # if 40% growth} * jan 23 - 105 * jan 24 - 180 * jan 25 - 292 * jan 26 - 371 * jan 27 - 1291 {~520} * jan 28 - 840 {~727} * jan 29 - 1032 {~1020}
Nice post. And it looks like both confirmed and (confirmed + investigating) are each doubling roughly every 2.0 days. Which means they are both consistent with each other, and works out to be about 40% growth per day. As well, it looks like a few days ago, those two were growing faster a few days back. Do you know what the doubling time was for blue line and yellow line from ~22nd to the 25th or 26th? (I can't quite tell from your graph)
Your analysis while interesting is flawed. You presume that there are 100 cleared cases. There are not. I believe there are only 5-7 cleared cases, the remaining 90+ are still being treated and don't yet have an outcome. 97% ^ 7 = 80%
Do you have a source for that? Because I posted that and retracted it yesterday because I couldn't find a source. And I'm assuming your source was me. If so, I want to stop that before it starts. Edit: What they said is individual provinces don't report. Send them in and they will produce a single report at the national level. Which it appears they are doing.
So as I learned today influenza mutates so quickly because of re-segmentation. Novel coronavirus is not a segmented virus so wouldn't have this behavior. HIV mutates due it reverse-transcriptase and its inherent error capacity. This virus also doesn't have that. Ebola is at least negative sense providing a but more room for mutation. Obviously nothing is ever certain, but it sounds like we shouldn't expect this virus to become like the annual flu requiring new vaccines. More like something that'd get an "one tjme"/very infrequent MMR or Tdap vaccine and be good to go.
Why even post this crap?
&gt; So air quality has no effect whatsoever? The question wasn't "does air quality have any effect on the lung?". The question was "is the difference in air quality a likely reason why wer haven't seen more cases in WA and IL?" And the answer the commentor gave you is very likely no. Air quality likely isn't any significant factor in transmission of the disease.
Calm down, you're getting emotional and taking this too personally. It's not a personal thing, it's people trying to help explain it to you. And, again "no" that not likely correct. Air quality is a factor in lung health, but no that not the likely reason why you haven't seen people die elsewhere. It's a numbers game, there haven't been sufficient infected elsewhere. China had many people infected before it had deaths.
That is **false**. The said they would stop having individual provinces each release data and would instead collect it and release it at the national level which is exactly what they've been doing. Either link to a source, or remove this. Don't add false rumors.
It's all right there. Look on BNO with all the other daily national releases, or pull them directly from the Thailand national newspaper. Yesterday they announced 14.
And that's the exact incorrect reading I'm taking about. That article says the national ministry will announce them going forward, not each province. The person who posted that thread and started the rumor had a bad translation. And as proof, Thailand released their numbers yesterday as predicted.
It's incredible what the trump era has brought in. You have to hang your head in shame in hearing a comment like that. People are dying and that's his response. And Republicans still support Trump :/.
It says let you know if you've made a mistake, but the post doesn't say what you did that could be mistaken. What did the mods/you do that you're asking for feedback on?
Here it comes
You're learning about politics and world diplomacy. That's the way the world works.
Did you hear that first question? There is some serious political shit going on behind the scenes between WHO and China. I think China is deathly afraid of it's economy, and (1000% pure speculation on my part) was possibly threatening to cooperate less or something to avoid the declaration. I'm assuming they are afraid of countries fully closing their borders and trade with China and as a result China's economy seriously suffering. Again 100% speculation on my part the only thing China could leverage is less access. I do think the fact that other countries with weaker health systems not treating this seriously (ex. Thailand or India) also played a huge role in forcing their hand.
Unless the person is extremely insecure (ex. Trump) and needs constant praise to be re-assured...
Don't spread bullshit like this. Measles is 10.
And how do you know this? "because I played a video game." And do you not realize the basic difference between discovered cases in a country and actual infections? The fact that there are a dozen known means there still could be many more not yet discovered cases? "huh? I hadn't thought about that in. In the video game, the table just tells you all the cases, not just the the few that were detected. I guess the WHO might have a point..."
100% there are some backroom politics going on to require that amount of ass-kissing from the WHO. I'm speculating that china was threatening to be less cooperative unless congratulated publicly.
So wait, did the China stats come out and the Suspected cases not increase by a single one? Or am I misunderstanding here, are we still waiting on the full stats?
Ah thanks - I saw a BNO update and assumed they were included in it.
I'm still waiting on the suspected cases which I believe haven't budged an inch since yesterday (although it's not yet 8am/9am? china time when they release them). Still have 2hrs go go. It's been sitting at 12167 for a while now. That will be the interesting number to me.
Why do you keep posting that in this thread when the people returning are Japanese? Did you not know?
lol, so true
Ah I searched and couldn't find it. Could you point me to the link?
It's still pretty intense what's going on there **This guy has been posting videos about what it's really like on the ground, and it's an absolute must watch**. It's incredible, from visiting hospitals to document the missing masks and interview doctors he's likely gonna get the virus, and he apparently is also being chased by the government for posting these videos. It's pretty clear he is scared for his life, and risking it. But as he says they are no rumors, only 1st person accounts of what he saw and directly what people have told him. It's not apocalyptic, but things are definitely starting to break down, and don't look like they've been improving soon. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AI3R41dGnU&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=395
The fact the news isn't telling you their demands and just says they're protesting doesn't mean they don't have clear demands.
You should probably study the country's history a bit more before making broad proclamations like that. At the even of the Civil Work, across the south, enslaved blacks were roughly 40% of the population. For some states like Mississippi and South Carolina blacks were &gt; 55% of the population. The entire country ran on the slavery run agricultural and textile industry. In the early 1800s, cotton exports were worth more than all other US exports combined. &gt; In 1860, the South was still predominantly agricultural, highly dependent upon the sale of staples to a world market. **By 1815, cotton was the most valuable export in the United States; by 1840, it was worth more than all other exports combined.** But while the southern states produced two-thirds of the world's supply of cotton, the South had little manufacturing capability, about 29 percent of the railroad tracks, and only 13 percent of the nation's banks. The South did experiment with using slave labor in manufacturing, but for the most part it was well satisfied with its agricultural economy. The north ran on manufacturing and was industrializing, and the imports for that essentially came from the agriculture of the south. Without confiscating the wages of slaves there is a good chance this country would have collapsed economically - people think it metaphorically, but this country was literally built on the backs of slaves. &gt; The wealth accorded America by slavery was not just in what the slaves pulled from the land but in the slaves themselves. **“In 1860, slaves as an asset were worth more than all of America’s manufacturing, all of the railroads, all of the productive capacity of the United States put together,”** the Yale historian David W. Blight has noted. “Slaves were the single largest, by far, financial asset of property in the entire American economy.” Think about that. Slaves were worth more than all of the other infrastructure of the entire country combined. The wealth of this country was in slaves. A lot of people don't know this. We don't learn the actual history of the country. The problem is that it's not about hating the country, it's simply about not being in denial about our history. Some people have trouble separating negative facts from hate. It's the different between separating out "my father was an alcoholic" even though I still love him from "I hate my father". For some reason, some people whenever they hear their dad was an alcoholic they think it means people saying they hate him. They have trouble understanding you can still love something that has deep flaws. And while you may not otherwise read it because of the intentionally provocative title, but after skipping the title it actually gives a good history of the things that *aren't* told in most people's education of our country. Usually all people hear are the same old "Slavery, Martin Luther King, Rosa Parks, Voting Rights Act". It's the other stuff that's interesting (link #3). 1. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1860_United_States_Census 2. https://www.nps.gov/articles/industry-and-economy-during-the-civil-war.htm 3. https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2014/05/reparations-should-be-paid-to-black-americans-here-is-how-america-should-pay.html
A lot of people are fucking stupid. It's just that with Cam, they can't hide it.
Easily the clearest explanation: https://youtu.be/QO15S3WC9pg
&gt; Telling people based on skin color if they are allowed to reproduce a song faithful to the original or not is a choice purely made on characteristics of race and therefore by definition racist. I hear what you're trying to argue, but it's actually your interpretation that is losing the context of the word. Simply wishing the context of the word disappeared when rapping doesn't make it so. Or have a look at this: https://youtu.be/QO15S3WC9pg
Il always support genuine learning. While in theory maybe they're is a bit of difference, in practice no there really isn't. Unless someone is black it's really best and easiest to treat both the same.
I see what you're trying to do... Stop it.
Here's the thing, *every single time* trump Trump and his buddies do this. Every time they are getting hammered on another failure of his , they'll tweet out something racist. It serves three purposes. 1. To remind his "base" of why they support him. 2. To shift the narrative / discussion away from a topic showing his clear failure, to a topic (race and racism) that predated him and is not "due" to him, even those he chooses to capitalize on and inflame it. He's knows the media is going to cover it because it is offensive. 3. If the media doesn't cover it, then it's one inch further towards "normalizing" his frequently racist (and almost always racial) viewpoints in society. Look back over his term and you'll see he used to do it with Kaepernick and the NFL, or Don Lemon, or a reporter asking him a question, something derogatory about a group of people. And it is almost **always immediately following a major story of his fuckup**. In this case, it's that Russia put bounties on American soldiers heads - he didn't do anything about it. Not even complain, or even ask Russia to stop. If you don't understand how serious this is, then you don't understand how important support for the military is for the right. This strikes at the core of his base - he needed something to distract from it. That being a top news story was a disaster. And here it is happening again, another racist comment pushing it out of the headlines. Trump is racist. It's blatant by now. Anyone who doesn't see it at this point because they've made excuses for him in the past, are going to continue to make excuses for him going forward. This video isn't going to change that. They're gonna believe his "I didn't hear it. And took it down as soon as I found out" excuse. Everyone that knows he's racist, this is just re-enforcement. The issue is that, people who previously supported Trump, would've started questioning that support from hearing he let a bounty on soldiers' heads stand without doing a thing to stop it. But that story is now gone, problem solved. Trump is racist. I know that and hate what he's done to this country. And also know we can't let things like that video become normalized. But we also can't let them be used to move any unfavorable news item out of the headlines.
Yes this video is 1:44, but this clip is the actual start of the video. Ie, it's not hidden in there. If you turn on the full 1:44 of the video, this is exactly how it starts.
