Although the majority ownership was acquired until 2013 or so for another 5 billion $ (ballpark). So no wonder ActivisionBlizzard tightened the grasp on the Blizzard BU to fill the hole they burned in their pocket.
Although I read somewhere that the leeway Vivendi gave Blizzard was somewhat unprecedented. Since Blizzard wasnt an independent company even before that, they were on borrowed time.
The only issue tends to be weaving in Sniper Assassin. The most convenient way can be achieved by modifying your kills as sniper kills, e.g. change lethal poisons to emetics and shoot the target in close distance. Obviously going for 'actual' sniper kills would be far more rewarding but can be difficult.
Thirded I guess! My only gripes with Miami is that its obvious SA route is too easily reachable and so many Sierra opportunities are non-SO. Imho the southern overpass needs to be walled off from the west side.
For fun runs I usually try to isolate targets and make a non-headshot kill, ergo several bullets to the body from the Silverballer. Feels like leaving a message. In that sense, it's not surprising that my favorite Miami kill is Robert blowing up Sierra. That's just vicious.
NPCs that are observed by other NPCs in the poisoned animation while dying from lethal poison count as Noticed kill + Poison kill. Therefore you are awarded Silent Assassin *challenges*, but dont get the actual rating.
Yeah check out the safe in the security center of the race circuit.
Thats weird!
Keep in mind that 3 out of 6 games have now virtually no support anymore. Edit: I counted WoW, HS, OW as active and D3, SC2 and HotS as inactive.
I use vanillafix and optifine as an SP world for decent fps. I think it fucks with dimension changes and world ticking though to some degree.
You mean because you would have a hard time entering as a Kowoon mechanic? What about the other side of the overpass?
Like the crisis of conscience these characters do not experience at all?
I think thats an acceptable inconvenience considering how *accessible* the targets are through that route. I realize its entirely player choice-driven and optional. Just saying, I think it invalidates large parts of the map as opposed to being overpowered and therefore should be removed.
fun fact: dogs can also do this with small children. It looks like herding at first but can be usually identified by the dog being very tense. Dogs know babies can be an important resource for rewards and attention.
They dont want deterministic rewards that allow you to play and say "in 4 weeks I have item X". It allows you to plan and work towards a more or less definite endgoal for yourself and they dont want that. The carrot always, *always* needs to be in front of you.
Catalysts have a very clear definition. Catalysts increase the **speed** of chemical reactions by lowering their activation energy but they do not change the equilibrium of a reaction. (This definition has to do with how reaction speeds are mathematically defined, so ELI15 from here) Basically, catalysts can allow chemical reaction to occur at lower temperatures at the same speed compared to an un-catalyzed reaction or to react at a faster speed at the same temperature. But they cannot change how much of will react in the end. The former property makes catalysts *extremely* important for economic chemical processes sincd higher process temperatures equal higher energy / operating expenditures. The vast majority of industrial chemical processes are catalyzed and much work is done to make catalysts to better so less precious metals are needed or high process temperatures can be reduced. Catalysis is a very interesting field in chemistry and engineering. Edit: forgot the most important property: Catalysts are not consumed in the catalyzed reaction even though they often take part in it.
But you dont really get more Azerite gear. Just a distinct path for a desired reward (at exorbitant prices) and a new Warfront every 3 weeks, dont you? So nerfing materials was somewhat unneccessary.
Okay first things first. 'Reactivity' is not a term used to describe catalysts. Reactivity can refer to the general speed of a given chemical reaction. So a reactant can have high reactivity. If a catalyst is present and a big increase in speed towards the reaction product can be measured, we call that catalyst 'selective' for his tendency to promote the reaction product and 'active' for the amount it increases the speed. Keep in mind that catalysts can also increase the speed of undesired side reactions so a high selectivity is a highly desirable property. Often times, catalytic metals are very active for whole groups of chemicals so finding the right formulation is the biggest challenge. Platin is very good for extracting hydrogen from organic molecules. Ruthenium is very good for inserting hydrogen in organic molecules. Nickel is great for Benzene rings. And so forth for many, many other metals and materials. To come back to your question: if the reaction reacts measurably faster and the metal is not consumed in but takes part in the reaction, it can be called a catalyst, yeah. Catalysts dont have to be metals. For example, Japan uses Anthraquinone, an Napthalene derivative used in the production of chemical dyes, as a catalyst in the production of paper because anthraquinone increases the productivity of the pulp and Japan doesnt have that much lumber. Metals just have lots of free electrons and several oxidation states so they can act as very flexible intermediaries.
My guess is OP got report bombed by several disgruntled players similar to how multiboxers can produce temporary suspensions simply by way of a large number of reports in a short time frame. The automated system response is just utter shit for this sort of emergent gameplay.
They could have honestly just left the calender API functions in place or add them to the community API so we could sort this out ourselves..
That solved it! Cheers
Which is why I stay away from Shaman, Druid and Priest. One of their specs/roles seems to always be a failure, design- or numbers-wise.
Activision held a slight minority in the joint venture until 2013 or so.
Well, he does enjoy luxury because he shows up at every assignment with hand-tailored fashion. There isnt much to indicate towards a worldly interest of 47 but lets take his sense for fashion at face value.
Way easier to farm arena/tournament and collect hostages, isnt it?
Cool. No DX12 news and Miami progression is still tied to Ghost mode. I guess they wanted to dish out some maintenance and go into vacation
How much RAM do you assign?
Just a reminder that the Storage Scanner is very throughput limited because it depletes its internal energy buffer with too many item requests.
Indeed. It's one of the cleanest ways to automate mob farms - imho one of the more complicated tasks wiring-wise. Combine it with a screen and you can remotely control and observe everything.
I used SFM extensively until it broke in 1.10. That was tough because I appreciated the tight level of control for e.g. smeltery automation.
EnderIO is more convenient for simpler setups but Xnet is very low on resources and space requirements.
I am currently building an industrial warehouse style base after being a cavedweller for the longest time. I use local Xnet networks for specific tasks (buffer ores to smelting) and connect these with global channels. So far it works great. As an industrial build, I use multiple platform levels built with scaffolding. Cables run inside the scaffolding hidden by Facades. Very, very clean look at the moment. What I am missing in XNet and RFTools is the lack of integration with and limitations in RFTools Control. I have automated DE Fusion Crafting, Botania Rune crafting and Ember altar crafting with it in the past. But the lack of operation of Crafting Stations between each other and the Storage Scanner set hard limits to full base automation. Therefore XNet scales extremely well in the mid-game and past that it's more feasible to use it locally for specific tasks.
I remember in the past fluid insertion and extraction with BR worked spotty at best so Tessaracts were the method of choice. i second Mekanism or Xnet
Or put it early game in front of a map spawner and wait a bit.
Because they want you to buy the game while it's maintained / current. There is literally no other reason.
I feel like FS17 is pretty longwinded and punishing. I have 100 hours in FS15 and 2 in FS17. Couldnt stand it because basically everything barely covered operating expenses. Much less allow room to try other things.
You mean like how Hitman 2016 and subsequently H2 came to be? I love both games, but let's be real here. The episodic release schedule and DLCs were fucking bullshit and early adopters effectively subsidized Hitman 2 development. So thanks I guess?
Minecraft Forge loads mods and itself by modifying Minecraft on runtime. While the game loads, the modified code is injected in the game. That's why it takes such a longass time but allows very thorough modifications.
I mean, Jim Sterling makes barely any effort to please. His *character*'s (Jimquisition) outfit is a mix of Clockwerk Orange and the third Reich, he likes pretty disgusting metaphors and is often boastful, insulting and shrill. It's easy to not like the character. *But* he makes damn fine work and the TD comm should be very careful what is being offered to them. Also, I can stand the 'real talk' moments of Jim Sterling much better than TB's. Both are/were abrasive little fucks but I think TBs conduct towards his colleagues and friends on the Cooptimus podcasts was often hard to listen to and very impolite.
I think the current state of anthropology is that the advent of speech was the most important factor in our rise. From what I have read, chimps and other primates however lack the vocalization apparatus neccessary for speech.
/u/malenablah gave the explanation for sulfur-related smells. Reduced metals (aka what we consider metals in everyday life) also have slight antibacterial properties which helps to reduce other smells.
**Platform:** PC **Hardware:** GTX 960 **Mission:** Chasing a Ghost, Mumbai, Casual **Version:** 2.12 I am *persistently* getting "Unable to load requested menu" errors when going into the "Save Game" menu during the mission after a few minutes of game time. Retrys are unsuccessful. Internet connection is fine. Loving the "Always online" requirement so far. /s
Which becomes perfectly clear when you look at the energy expenditure for fuels from regrowing resources like corn. Manmade technical processes have to provide the desired energy density.
Hitman 2016 early adopters paid the bill for that.
I left as soon as the 'Unnoticed Kill' flag went up and got SA.
In my opinion it is easier to trigger a Target Lockdown by shooting at a guard around the house or somewhere within the line of sight of a guard in the house. Literally all guards will clear the (Village Construction site) spot with the cameraman facing away from the wine.
I have to ask because I had such an issue at Hawkes Bay. What the hell are the criterias for poison kill to count as Noticed Kills. Does the flag Unnoticed Kill is removed temporarily as long as guards are searching?
Impale is also quite easy to gear for in the midgame (like 3 daggers total in the loottable of DH of which you need 1?) and gets a lot of survivability with 4pc. Imho Shadow Impale is the smoothest progression DH experience.
Do animations and sound actually work now?
Isnt the FED chief technically independent?
And the Chakram dagger
I think it is cool that your nephew is showing such interest and engagement. One thing for him to consider is that Blizzard made great, polished, accessible games with spotless online matchmaking in a time and market where developers didnt really know yet what a *good* game is constituted of. We played *so* many shitty games in the 80s and 90s that were made to leech arcade money from you or were just plain irredeemable pieces of shit. Nowadays, there is lots of talents and tools on the market. Small indie outlets make *amazing* games that dont have the popcultural impact Blizzard games might have had but that serve niche audiences that have been unsatisfied for a decade and are the subject of awesome success stories in an industry that decries niche genres and non-multiplayer, non-monetizable gamemodes.
Medium is effectively a giant blog where advertisers shit mediocre articles into.
Good for you OP because at first glance it looked like the death throes of your GPU
Others have answered that but basically it's a term from old ARPGs.
I consider myself a smeltery automation expert but I genuinely didnt know that. TIL.
Since the current version of ATM3 Lite has EnderIO I would consider crafting The Ender as a weapon and enchant it with Looting. In my opinion, deserts at night are your best bet afterwards: they are flat and so you can look far to aggro Enderman.
As someone who plays a lot of Factorio and modded Tech mods, your answer provides an excellent insight into the general mindset. It's an iterative process so making mistakes and inconveniences to yourself is okay. You jost gotta be willing to rebuild (sometimes large) parts of your infrastructure.
Hier verrenken sich manche für und wider der Bahn aber auch. Tatsache ist, dass die Bahn für die angebotenen Strecken zu teuer und darüber hinaus im Angebot bescheiden ist. Die Vergleiche mit Fernbussen und Flugzeugen muss sich die Bahn als Reisemittel absolut gefallen lassen. Der Bundesrechnungshof hat die Bahn dieses Jahr wieder gerügt, sie verschleppe Investitionen und spart an der Bestandspflege. Auch das muss man als Folge der Privatisierung nicht schön reden.
Wozu
Ich gehe mal davon aus, man nutzt die Gewinne der DB AG als Spesentopf und strebt einen gewissen Aktienkurs an, um diese bei Bedarf immer mal wieder zu liquidieren. Beides spricht für die kurzfristige angesetzte Strategie, die der Bundesrechnungshof auch rügt.
Dude struggled a lot with the last elusive target. I was like wtf dude.
But poison kills do have issues because sometimes they do not count as Unnoticed kills. I have tried to exchange infos on this with other community member but never got any feedback. I suspect it has to do with the Searching status.
I think it's the hostel stair case. Yeah it's pretty easy to take care of.
Not a stupid question because that wasnt the case in H1 2016.
Did you walk in front of the camera without destroying evidence?
Since it has most of the basic logic functions as OP codes, you could use it for basic control functions like tank overflow control. That would be overkill ofc because a comparator can already do that but still.
In my opinion, the big guild die-off is happening far too early. I was expecting it for Spring next year when people burn out from the start of the next raid content.
Yeah I still vividly remember how our Brewmaster tank had to kite Gate of the Setting Sun CM.
I will upvote everyone who shits on the Legion legendary system. Tokens were datamined as early as 7.2 (Spring 2017) and were only introduced in 7.3.5. As someone who cleared all content except ToS it took me 1,5 years to collect all legendary items for my class. Fuck the legendary system because Blizzard had all the options to fix it but chose not to, presumably due to the 'content engagement' carrot. Nonetheless, I still think Legion was vastly superior to BfA.
Thats also how actual market exchanges work.
I dont know. Gameplay and visual cues in an RPG can have important implications and needs to be taken at face value. This is especially true for earlier times of WoW when there was little in the way of cinematic and written story telling aside from quests.
Boy, people are putting too much hope in the Loyalists/Insurgents story line. Blizzard has already stated they have put significantly more work into the Saurfang path. When Blizzard designed content from multiple PoVs, it always felt like it was stretched way too thin and satisfied exactly no one. Just look at the War Campaign. MMORPGs are simply unsuited as a genre for player lore choices to have a significant impact.
Yeah, it's solid fun. Just that right now. Solid. Not genre defining. Not to be fondly remembered. Not a popcultural thing. Just solid. It just comes down to whether you think the cost in terms of sub and time justify the reward for you after 1-2 months.
Lync/Skype for Business is pretty great though if everyone at your job uses it.
That's like project management 101, pareto principle. 7DTD is stuck in development hell, experiencing heavy feature creep and has the same technical issues it had 2-3 years ago. Jerky animations and a barely functioning sound engine.
With LEDs right now it is worth it to not try and scrimp. There is a large range of quality with subpar lumen (brightness) and kelvin (light color) values.
In a sense, with its monetization schemes and gameplay loops, WoW and Blizzard absolutely bear some responsibility on the growing predatory practices of the video game industry. I say that as someone who plays the game for 14 years and loves it.
I had to travel 5000m from spawn to find an ice biome with Quarks Realistic gen. The travel distances can be brutal sometimes. Same with some mob spawns. It's often the worst sort of progression obstacle. I only found said Biome because I build an BOP Biome Finder and got lucky with Essences.
For time- and attempt-limited content with no chance for recourse that is not really a viable excuse.
While this would be a change in the spirit of e.g. Blood Money, I am actually not for it. The reason being the Hide Body mechanic. Both earlier titles had much less in the way of safe body hiding spots. NPCs already reacted much more immediate to your presence. Neither of which is the case in the current ones, on top of a vastly increased palate of reliable AI pattern manipulation strategies. There are always sufficient body hiding spots available and unless you commit a crime, NPCs react to your presence in a delayed fashion. In my opinion, it would add nothing to the game and just make it easier.
The problem with Steam Greenlight, Steam Early Access, Kickstarters and what else of public fundraising you have: they all serve to push content *curation* into the broader public without any restraint or liability. This transforms quality control into an externality and allows games that *review* well (mind you, a game that reviews well is different to an actual good game) to pick up significant traction and funds, no matter what state it comes in. On the other hand, gaming social media has the general mindset and business acumen of actual fucking 14 year olds. As a vocal lot of them consists of apologists that will bend themselves over backwards to defend steaming piles of shit. It's a toxic business that pushes toxic practices and is defended by toxic children.
Yeah alts were difficult, especially post scaling. It's important to remember that Blizzard also dug their heels in on the issue and only warmed up to fixing the 60-80 level range over the course of several Q&amp;As
Hence the intense wobbling I guess.
Wait, the reactor actually yields Chaos shards?
I used to use RFTools Builder and Space chambers to copypasta Woot builds. Nowadays, Woot has 'The Intern' as an item that functions similar to EnvironmentalTechs Assembler so I didnt bother with exploring that option. If you have the mats in your inventory, right-clicking the Factory Heart with The Intern will build the Woot structure block by block.
Hitman 1 / 2016 Absolution's story and gameplay are largely irrelevant to both previous and later titles of the franchise. Given that you are a newcomer to the franchise, I would like to say that you can play it before or after, doesnt matter, but I am afraid it would completely alter your expectations. Therefore I would play it last. In fact, Absolution's story is not even mentioned with a single sentence in the 2016 entry. Nonetheless, Absolution is set before H1 2016. Getting into H1 2016 will set you up to explore earlier titles like Contracts and Blood Money and later titles. Hence my choice.
Your post makes it sound like the cat is half-half but often it is just a cell line that belonged to the fraternal twin, in this case eye color and fur color.
Literally every post about Europe gets derailed into US comparisons at latest on the first child post to the top post.
Again, an extreme outlier to what developers are willing to make accessible and it did allow a huge modding community to thrive.
Wouldnt it already help to not run the GC on the main thread?
The curseforge page itself states 6-8 gb which is standard for such a big modpack.
OP, with only 8 GB installed total, you may need to face the possibility that large 1.12 modpacks are not playable for you. Most large progression and kitchen sink modpacks will require 6-8 GB allocated. Plus the Java Virtual Machine eats a bit more RAM for itself leaving your system with very little to work with. My three suggestions are: - Install Optifine and VanillaFix and try to iteratively find an allocation setting that allows playable FPS. - If you have another midrange computer like the one you use right now, set up a local Enigmatica 2 server and join that one with your current computer. Minecraft SP runs a local server and client instance at the same time. So running a separate server on another machine helps to split the load. - If these arent options for you, check your Mainboard spec and buy additional RAM since it is relatively affordable.
Seconded. I hesitated suggesting to spend money. We really need your computer specs for more info.
&gt;You have no explicit right to privacy in this regard. I do. &gt;Calm the fuck down and contribute to science for humanity's sake. It's a for-profit company selling your health data.
Driving a gar with natural gas / CNG (preferably not LPG) is a massive improvement even today, potentially still a viable alternative depending on the resulting energy mix in 2050, established technology, has lower fuel costs and a longer engine life *today*.
Somewhat reflective of the stability the American leadership demonstrates.
Dont many servers forbid POI bases?
He also tries to make her drunk during the contract negotiation. Also a big no-no in the community.
Although sharding has done far more to fragment the social coherence of the player base and servers than the declining player count could have done.
Crime Noticed and Spotted/Suspicious are separate indicators. An NPC can witness another NPC going down (e.g. from a non-lethal throw) which will trigger a Crime Noticed. But if you take down the observing NPC without said NPC noticing you, you have not been Spotted even though it says 'Unconscious Witness'. 'Unconscious Witness' then only relates to the noticed crime. Leg shots were popular in H1 2016, havent really got them to work in H2. Again, the victim counts as an Unconscious Witness because the NPC is not yet unconscious when it notices being shot. But you dont count as Spotted as long as the victim (or other NPCs) doesnt see you shoot.
The musky flick.
True connected realms (guilds, item transfer, calendars) would be a boon to *all* levels of play during phases of decline and cooldown. I dislike sharding as much as the next guy, but it's here to stay so I am for doubling down on it and tearing down these barriers between servers, at least country-specific. That way, newcomers dont get baited onto dead servers.
Jau. Nur mit Hartz 4 kommst du da raus.
"Kleinere" Institutionen wie das Deutschlandradio und oft auch die Landesrundfunkanstalten leisten wertvolle und unabhängige journalistische Arbeit. Im Artikel heißt es selber, dass die Teuerung vor allem Nutzungsrechte betrifft. Mich würde mal interessieren, wieviel anteilig davon alleine auf die Fußballturniere entfallen.
Und ich dachte es lag an den milliardenschweren UMTS Ausschreibungen.
Das hängt meistens davon ab, ob sogenannte Leckkabel entlang der Trasse gelegt sind.
Deutsche zahlen doch Faktor 100 - 1000 mehr pro Dateneinheit wie manche andere Industrieländer. Wer verteidigt denn sowas?
Das ist doch eine akkurate Repräsentation amerikanischer politischer Gesinnungen. Nur eben "importiert".
I dont know why you are downvoted. Diablo 3 and WoW as well definitely tread new grounds with interlinking gameplay loops and monetization.
Loot not being part of the Mythic reward cycle is a pretty new occurance with Legion.
I agree that Mythic players get plenty of loot and have a quick turnover. But I disagree that loot not being more meaningful for this difficulty is not a problem.
The truth is they are making systems that are increasingly becoming interchangeable and be torn out of the game without issue. This is perfectly in line with the policy to basically reset and trash any expansion flagship content when the next comes. Abilities had an increasing amount of 'fluff' removed. Abilities and playstyles can increasingly be sorted into fewer categories. Most specs nowadays have a combo point / dumper mechanic and a resource bar gainer or reversal. Blizzard somehow made it possible to make FDK rotations even more trivial. Azerite traits are such mundane number boosts and procs they can removed from the game entirely and nobody would care. Artifact traits have been removed almost entirely. What this amounts is the increased feeling of disillusionment many players are feeling.
I dont know. Play stupid games, get stupid prizes. Some people allow the anonymity of the internet go to their heads and make it awful for the rest.
This Christmas I decided BfA was the last Blizzard game I preordered. Blizzard was the only publisher that used to deliver on a level that warranted preorders for me. But I realize I am part of the problem if I am giving up my leverage so readily. 8.3 is going to be goodbye at latest after 15 years.
Keep writing Suggestion tickets and wait for second digit patches. Legacy raid changes almost always only came in big patches in the past.
Basilisk chain stuns is also pretty fun. Naga Raiders with permanent 11s root.
So richtig wird nicht klar, wo OP damit hinwill. Stört ihn die inflationäre Nutzung? Stört ihn die Worthülse (Stichwort Breitbandausbau 2010ff.), die immer beschworen wird und Milliarden dann doch liegen bleiben?
Ich finde es absolut akzeptabel, Beförderungsmittel anhand ihrer Motorisierung zu kategorisieren. Da ist Deutschland auch ziemlich einheitlich, egal wieviele Räder oder ob Straße oder Wasser. Als Ingenieur finde ich es darüber hinaus auch technisch sinnvoll, da es im wesentlichen Maße darüber entscheidet, wieviel Schäden man sich selbst und anderen zufügen kann. Im Zweifel gelten auch für Radfahrer die Geschwindigkeitsbegrenzungen.
Also most of these CCs are physical so basically no one can do shit about them considering their frequency and low margin for error. It's fun as a tank as long as you avoid certain mob but yesterday was definitely a low point with basilisks.
Gotta get every ounce of playtime out of the reuseable, seasonal, already existing content
Loving everything about this. Just a small thing because you made the effort: you can drastically improve the readibility of your flowchart through a few things: - Streams enter from the left and leave to the right from your battery limits. - Streams are sorted vertically by their phase (in descending order from gas to liquid to solid). - For a build showcase it can be useful to stick to a very abstract presentation in the form of a basic flow diagram with basic operators. So a water stream is simply 'Pumped' to several destinations. I appreciate the effort! This helped a lot to understand your build.
Why do we need to introduce laws for very specific internet policing? Rather than expanding executive privileges, shouldnt it be possible to use existing laws and privileges and expand them into the internet? Everyone should have a right to not be harassed both in- and outside of the internet.
Shocked, I tell you.
As far as I remember they were always buggy as shit, prone to crashing and had a quick turnover with their maintainers.
Did you check the configs of IF and TF? Twilight Forest mobs are commonly blacklisted either by their mod ID ("twilightforest:") or by their full ID.
Der ADAC hat glaube ich einen Streckenrechner, der neben Spritverbrauch und -preisen auch Standardwerte für die Abschreibung der Anschaffungsinvestition pro km bereithält.
Komisch. Man will da eine hohe Energiedichte in so einen Böller stecken und wenns schief geht, ist man fast tot.
Corrected. Cheers.
Which begs the question who actually wanted all this considering it wasnt the case when the game was at its height.
Still love it that I have them on my mage that I do not play /s. Blizzard has a rather hostile policy of locking completionist players into single characters despite said players having mastered the challenge in the first place. The game is 14 years old. Times change.
This
Der h.c. ist kein akademischer Grad, sondern ein Ehrentitel. Dementsprechend muss man diesen Zusatz immer mitführen, um den Unterschied kenntlich zu machen.
In wissenschaftlichen Kreisen ist es allerdings auch äußerst unüblich die Titel zu führen. Schließlich hat jeder einen.
That's a common problem of high profile screen actors doing voice acting. Think Peter Dinklage in Destiny. They displace talented voice actors with their brand without bringing any actual talent to the project. Voice acting is a whole other beast which is why Cumberbatch was so praised for his outstanding Smaug performance.
Corpus Ice is a master class in how not to world design as it's too long and sometimes too complex for the AI to path through.
Just do premades. Takes somewhere between 1-5 minutes to build a full group depending on whether its night in Cetus.
I dont know about the lore aspects but gameplay-wise the Infested need more unit variety. Their current gameplay highly depends on Ancient Healers/Disruptors which ranges from boring to annoying. I would love to see a more Flood-like gameplay with Infested where their numbers, speed and unrelenting assault feel genuinely threatening. That includes more lethal Volatile Runners. To avoid nuke frames from dominating I suggest to have a random timer on which a Runner is empowered similar to Demolysts - resistant to abilities and awarding a speed buff. This target is then highlighted and if it reaches you, boom, or if you destroy it within the fray, byebye Infested bulk. Currently the Infested neither serve their trope well nor are they interesting/interactive to play against.
Ich sehs mit redditisfun in gescheiter Qualität. Allerdings ist reddit wirklich ein grauenhafter Medienhost, der den Content im Würgegriff hält und zurecht in manchen Subs als media hoster verboten ist.
Dafür gibt es ja Kontrollmethoden und ausgefeilte Studien. Beispielsweise ließe sich der Faktor Biologie mit Zwillingen gut testen.
Da ich vom Öffnen von Schutzräumen sprach, mit allem natürlich.
Natürlich ist der Ordoliberalismus eine Ausprägung des Neoliberalismus als Oberbegriff. Ich verstehe nicht, wie man das Gegenteil behaupten kann. Es ging mir auch gar nicht darum, beide Begriffe in einen Topf zu werfen, sondern heraus zu arbeiten, dass schon von Anfang an völlig andere Denkansätze hinter Ordoliberalismus und Sozialismus standen. Wir sind, wie du selber sagst, allerdings derart weit in das rein neoliberale Spektrum vorgedrungen, dass ein sozialer bzw. sozialistischer Vorstoß durchaus begrüßenswert ist.
Danke für die ausführliche Erklärung zur Etymologie. Das hat mir sehr geholfen.
Seitdem ich Deutschlandfunk entdeckt habe, finde ich ÖR bashing fast anrüchig. Außer wenn Ausstrahlungsrechte für Fußball damit gekauft werden. Fick dies.
Beides gleichermaßen falsch.
Das Problem ist, senkst du die Hürden für das eine, ist auch die Hürde für das andere gesenkt. Daher auch der ganze "Menschenwürde"- und "unantastbar"-Kram
War es ein Rechter, passiert erfahrungsgemäß nichts. War es ein Linker, ist die CDU wieder saniert. War es ein Flüchtling, ist die nächste Regierung blau/schwarz. Sind bisher so meine Vermutungen.
Dann empfehle ich aber mal einen Blick in die Parlamentsdebatten und Zeitungsberichte an denen Sozialdemokraten kurz vor 33 beteiligt waren. Es wurde kommentiert, es wurde gewarnt, es wollte aber einfach nur keiner zuhören, weil man die Weimarer Republik als größeres Übel sah. Da war also die normative Bindung der Rezipienten entscheidend und weniger die fehlende Fähigkeit zum Einordnen der aktuellen Geschehnisse.
Das werde ich mal ausprobieren.
Mein Wunsch ist, Ausstoß vom Emissionen zu reduzieren und das Übereinkommen von Paris einzuhalten. Dein Wunsch ist anscheinend eine kohlenstoffneutrale Wirtschaft in *ganz* weiter Ferne. Natürlich ist nur eins von beidem mit saubereren Energieträgern für Verbrennungsprozesse vereinbar. Wir reden aneinander vorbei.
Like being against abortion is kind of like being pro life? ^/s, ^kinda
Yeah I would say intermediate math unlocks more buttons on a calculator and advanced math makes you throw it in a garbage can because it's completely useless now.
The modding community has been very vocal about this since none of the Skyrim rereleases and patches incorporated the by now obligatory inofficial patches.
&gt; Maternal morbidity and mortality is on the rise Which is the case for some US American states thanks to regressive sexual health policies. On a global level, maternal morbidity and mortality continues to go down as it should be.
This answer made my brain twitch stronger than a max range Limbo build.
Because they historically protect strong property rights and economical interests as antagonists/counter-weights to communism. It also serves as a decent slush fund and brings production capabilities with it in case you want to go to war. The best example for this is probably IG Farben.
It's not a line though. It's an area with different shades of red. But the way we (have to) enforce the right to live we are very careful to not step into this red area *at all*. On a personal level, I agree with you. My grandmother used to be the primary caregiver for most of my uncle's life. My grandfather has already passed with his greatest regret of not being able to lay his son (20 years past my uncle's initial life expectancy) to reat before his own time would pass. Now, my grandmother is in her late 70s and both my uncle's physical condition as well as her deteriorate. I think it's eating her up and we are too far away to permanently assist. On top of that, I have worked with physically disabled children in middle/high school age. And I think romanticising and morally grand-stand the raising of a disabled child is literally retarded.
Lignite is still a huge business in Northrhine-Westphalia and Saxony. But it doesnt have the employment opportunities attached to it as it used to be because you can produce the wattage (of power)/ tonnage (of coal) from today with a fraction of the manpower thanks to automation.
Do they smell their own farts too?
I wasnt judging the circumstances under which Hitler was elected (although SPD and KPD were highly outspoken and aware of his ideology). I was judging our language today and how we talk about the end of Nazi Germany and how it is framed by language as something different and separate from its populace by using the term 'liberation'. Needless to say that no one supports a war and its leadership when you are on the losing side.
Mehrweg Plastik ist glaub ich ganz ok. Hat ähnliche Hygieneeigenschaften wie die Glasflaschen dank Beschichtungen und Gewichtsvorteile von Einweg. Kostet halt trotzdem Faktor 100 mehr als Leitungswasser.
Mich würde mal interessieren, ob wir durch die Kohlensäure tatsächlich den leicht gesenkten pH-Wert als angenehm empfinden oder es nur das Prickeln beim Trinken ist.
Ich habe 28 Jahre lang mit Wonne stark mit Kohlensäure versetztes Wasser getrunken. Aber nach 10 Jahren lang Gebinde ohne Auto selber schleppen, bin ich dann letztlich aus Bequemlichkeit umgestiegen und habe mich innerhalb einer Woche komplett dran gewöhnt. Auswärts trink ich aber nach wie vor gerne immer mal Sprudel. Aber dann muss ich es ja auch nicht ranschleppen ;) [Edit um der Sodastream-Fraktion Arbeit zu sparen](https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/by5omz/z/eqde4i4)
Ja regelmäßig als Teenager die Kartuschen in der Apotheke ausgetauscht. Ich finde die Technik mist, kein Ersatz zu normalem Sprudel und die Flaschen ekelig. Leitungswasser ist mir tatsächlich lieber. Schlichte Glaskaraffe, ab und zu mal mit Zitronensäure ran. Fertig.
Wzf, direkt aus den Flaschen doch sowieso nicht.
Zum Reinigen der Karaffe. Und gut ausgespült danach.
There is for example in German law but it's one of the weakest forms of proving intent and is frequently overturned.
Gab es nicht auch einen Informanten, der sich einen Tag vor seiner Aussage im Auto selbst getötet hat?
I think most people enjoy the transition from high school to young adult life: vastly more freedom and the opportunity to focus on stuff you are actually interested in are boons I greatly enjoyed.
Sadly it goes hand in hand with the immaturity of online discussion of video games and the general lack of knowledge how businesses operate.
Hö? Sind Flaschen beim Besprudeln geplatzt? So dicht hielt der Schraubverschluss doch gar nicht.
Danke, das klingt tatsächlich deutlich besser!
Das fände ich mindestens eine zweifelhafte Entscheidung, da die Piraten gegen eine supranationale EU sind, wenn ich die Wahlomat Antworten richtig verstanden habe. An und für sich ist das nicht verwerflich und Parteien in ganz Europa ringen damit, aber sie haben es nun mal als eine von wenigen als ausdrücklichen programmatischen Punkt gewählt.
Produziert werden muss alles davon. Die Rektifikationskolonne muss laufen und spuckt die Fraktionen nun mal in bestimmten Mengenverhältnissen aus und nachgeschaltete Crackverfahren sind teuer.
Häufig scheitert es wohl an der Verfügbarkeit von Landanschlüssen für Gas und Strom. Bin aber auch nur fachfremd und lediglich technisch interessiert. Soweit ich weiß rüstet Hamburg aktuell LNG Anschlüsse auf.
Bin ich blöd oder hast du den Titel nicht verstanden und hast trotzdem 6 Hochwähls?
Die im Gegensatz zum Schweizer Taschenmesser auch schon ab Werk mit geschliffener und angespitzter Klinge kommen.
&gt;I think the idea is "if you keep rescuing some of the people drowning themselves on inadequate boats, you're just going to encourage more people to drown themselves." It really isnt. There is no need to introduce legislation to amend internationally accepted maritime law. &gt;There really is NO easy solution, but if more people keep coming to their aid, more people are just going to ship themselves off the coast in kayaks and inner tubes. Yeah, let's see if we can introduce two separate kinds of basic rights without a world war this time.
Wo ist jetzt das Problem? Er steht da in einer Traube von gut 10-20 Menschen, ist hörbar aufgebracht und reagiert als einziger auf die Situation, die er auffindet. Anscheinend ist ihm ja dieser deiner Meinung nach kosmetische Makel mehr wert, als allen umstehenden und dem Landser-Idioten sowieso.
So insert the crux as the dirt block.
You can test these things quickly in a creative game for yourself.
A distilled and eloquent truth.
The situation at sea is more complicated. Italy originally funded Operation Mare Nostrum, a dedicated sea rescue mission, by itself. Its appeals for financial and material support were met with deaf ears by the EU. As a response, Italy eventually shut down this well-meaning program and the EU instated Operation Triton, a sea *defense* program intended to deal with traffickers and repel migrant boats. Since then, these operations have largely shifted to border security roles.
Fahrenheit has its own counterpart to Kelvin, the absolute scale for the thermodynamic temperature called Rankine: *[°R]=[°F]+459,67*. The issue arises in actually using it because a vast amount of material data is available for Celsius/Kelvin and the temperature and corresponding energy conversions get rather excessive and weird.
Sad and true. Source: live in Western Germany, lignite country. And can see a big fucking chonker of a lignite power plant right now.
&gt;&gt; The persistent issue is the unwillingness of all EU countries to act responsibly &gt; &gt;What would you consider to be responsible actions by EU countries with respect to the migrant crisis? Get rid of the Dublin agreement. Distribute migrants fairly regardless of the first member state they encounter. Assist local law enforcement with EU-wide task forces to deal with the bureaucratic burden. Enforcing Dublin and leaving Italy, Spain, Greece and especially Hungary alone in dealing the migrants is what made them open the gates in the first place.
Als jemand der im technischen Gebiet tätig ist und jeden Tag mit Kollegen aus Personal- und regulären Dienstleistern zu tun hat: die Arbeitsmarkt-Deregulierungen, die uns Zeitarbeitsfirmen beschert hat, dürften eines der größeren sozialen Verbrechen der jüngeren Geschichte sein. Der Großteil der Einstiegspositionen läuft nun über diese Firmen zu 30% weniger Kohle. Dabei wird stets nebulös mit "tarifgerechter Bezahlung" geworben. Den Leuten geht es im Fall von Fachkräften nicht schlecht, aber das finanzielle und soziale Gefälle für die selbe Arbeit ist einfach krank. Und die Lockengebote zur Übernahme gelingen vielleicht in 10-20% der Fälle nach meiner Wahrnehmung. Handwerker hangeln sich mittlerweile auch schon von Befristung zu Befristung. Der Tarifvertrag ist hierbei vom Bundes**arbeitgeber**verband der Personaldienstleister (BAP) - Arbeitgeber haben also einen Tarifvertrag ausgehandelt. Ein Schelm, wer böses ahnt.
Problem ist Punkt 1 fällt m. M. n. in den sogenannten Eventualvorsatz, der verhältnismäßig schwer durchsetzbar ist und als schwächste Form des Vorsatzes gilt.
Are you coming to Germany for 1-2 semesters as an international exchange student or do you intend to do your full course load here? In general, the workload in my FH was made with students working part-time in mind. We always had roughly 1,5 days without a course although lab times were largely incalcuable wild cards. Exams were batched to the first and last two weeks of the winter and summer breaks but were on average a month shorter than Uni breaks. This usually meant that by the end of the semester and exams coming, I had to throttle my work hours (ergo, less money) and had to increase them during the breaks to compensate. It sucked but I preferred a longer-term position (keyword Studentische Hilfskraft or Werksstudent) to build experience, a foothold within a company and a career which worked out for me. I cant speak for former and current Uni students. In general, good social/soft skills and some working experience will go a long way because companies are desperately looking for people in the 2-5 year experience range and want to keep the 'training on the job' phase as short as possible. However, if you decide to go with a FH Bachelor/Master you have to consider that many large corporations will often not consider you for their entry level positions simply because they can afford to hire Uni graduates and PhDs for such positions.
Und das Werk läuft dann im 4 Schicht Betrieb mit 5 Mann pro Schicht, Montagepersonal wird aus Rumänien wie üblich gekauft.
Man kann sich auch als Partei super herausreden, wenn man wissentlich oder durch schlechtes Handwerk einen Rohrkreperier raushaut und dann hilflos mit Verweis auf Karlsruhe mit den Schultern zuckt. So kann man es auch hervorragend vermeiden, Farbe zu bekennen.
&gt;Der döner für 3 euro ist riesig und lecker Vermisse die ostdeutschen "Riesen"döner als ehem. Wahlossi bis heute.
Hab die Folge noch nicht gesehen, aber was ich immer toll finde, ist, dass es ab einer der Verdünnungsstufen (D1, C1, whatever) statistisch wahrscheinlicher ist, kein einziges aktives Wirkstoffmolekül mehr im Produkt zu haben, als noch eine zu haben.
Haben sie denn auch versucht, alternative Medizin (bzw. besser sog. Komplementärmedizin) davon abzugrenzen? Ich kann mir vorstellen, das schmeißt man schnell mal zusammen.
Both would violate international law.
Nusspli von Zentis, ja?
Wohl eher den Galeristen.
Man brennt betroffene Büsche etc weg .
I dont know, 5 minute cycles are pretty much the norm in Hitman 1 &amp; 2. It's just more frustrating in Colorado since you have very few ambush opportunities (which center almost exclusively around the house that is frequented by 3 of the 4 targets) and the lack of verticality means you can hold almost constant line of sight to your targets. So close, and yet so far.
Zum Glück scheint dieser Trend aktuell rückläufig zu sein, da einfach soviele Leute in die Rente abwandern, dass einem einfach nix übrig bleibt als Leute anzustellen oder den Laden dicht zu machen. Bei der alten Technik kommt dann vor allem zum Tragen, dass du vielfach einfach keine Ersatzteile mehr bekommst oder der alte Kram nicht mehr TA Luft- / BetrSichV-konform ist, sodass es auch leichter ist, die Projektanträge durch zu bekommen.
Ein Schelm, wer an Strache denkt.
Pretty sure that was mostly the boat bouncing back from the harbor wall on top of full reverse speed. Mid-sized boats are already rather sluggish, cant imagine how it is for a full-sized ship.
*laughs in Titania*
Honestly, basically all Zaw arcanes are highly situational so I consider them icing on the cake and wouldnt spend significant amounts of time farming them. I am perfectly happy with ({Exodia Hunt}) . There arent Zaw arcanes that provide power boosts like they do for Kitguns (think ({Pax Seeker}) ).
I dont know if they are that attached to the Lotus to the point of breaking down. Their upbringing and general attitude suggest a highly militarized upbringing through the Tenno code. They are effectively ancient battle-hardened veterans living by a warrior code. Plus, it seems there is some ongoing interaction between the Man in the Wall, the Tennos' connection to the Void and their apparent lack of insanity.
Oh I missed the shop vac part since I am not a native speaker.
Ja, die Leute kriegen in 24h 50-100 Mails. Keiner will den Roman lesen.
Die These ist so alt wie die Menschheit - "Früher war alles besser." Über die Qualität der Schlussfolgerung will ich aber nicht zu vorschnell urteilen. Im Vergleich mit anderen Ländern schneiden wir wirklich nicht so gut ab.
Ist das nicht ein bisschen rückwärts aufgezogen? Wir haben die Leute im Mittelmeer (Lampedusa war 2013) und an Ungarns Zaun verrecken lassen, bis Orban trotz Rufen nach Unterstützung (übrigens im Chor mit Griechenland und Spanien, unsere Euro"geretteten") keinen Bock mehr hatte und den Flüchtlingen die Durchfahrt nach Deutschland ermöglichte, d.h. eigenmächtig das dumme Dublin Abkommen ausgesetzt hat.
Wieso führt der KSTA die Messerattacke in Altena an, wenn Reker selbst kurz vor ihrer Wahl zur OB genau das passiert ist?
Soso, ein fränkischer Reddit-Nutzer, der LOHCs bewirbt. Ich wünsche mir, die Forschungsgruppen der FAU wären medial damit präsenter. Dort hat Deutschland einen starken Standort für Speichertechnologien.
Er hat auch sehr gerne Reden vor Jahrestagen von Bankenverbänden gehalten.
Wie soll das laufen, wenn konservative Regierungen aus ganz Europa den Rat und die Kommission in fester Hand halten? Das wäre doch sehr scheinheilig.
Or crushed. When I found NGE at 16 years old, the impressions of the show stayed with me very vividly for 2 weeks.
It's equals parts coming-of-age story, psychological deep dive and fuck-you to otaku culture.
While the community certainly hyped itself up despite a very clear and well-meaning announcement, a mobile main-line entry for a hardcore PC audience as well as the rather unnecessary remarks by Wyatt Cheng were when shit actually hit the fan.
That he willingly brought onboard as national security advisors despite their well-known policy positions.
Mods: "Bitte reagiert angemessen." /r/de : "Darf ich frei nach Aussagenlogik, nachdem Opfer bekannt sind, nicht mehr angemessen reagieren?"
Man muss sich für die Koch-Brüder ja auch aufhübschen.
Es spielt ein bisschen in die Frage: "Wenn ich Sachen sage, die Rassisten und Nazis toll finden, bin ich dann ein Rassist und ein Nazi?" Und die Antwort ist oft ja.
Bei diversen Wassersport-Scheinen habe ich auch deutlich öfter von Lehrgeschichten über Tod durch Exposition als Tod durch Ertrinken gehört. Insbesondere weil ersteres oft völlig vermeidbar, absolut tragisch und quasi am Kiel passiert, während man seinem Freund/Bekannten/... beim Sterben über eine Stunde zuschaut.
Wasser ist in der Lage unheimlich viel Wärme aufzunehmen und liegt praktisch immer unterhalb deiner Körpertemperatur. Damit gibt dein Körper sehr effizient Wärme an Wasser ab. Da Menschen schwer, viele Hobbyisten unerfahren sind und das Deck selbst bei kleinen Booten schon locker 1 Meter hoch sein kann, kann es passieren, dass trotz Rettungsring, der ein Ertrinken verhindert, über Bord gegangene Menschen an Unterkühlung (das meinte ich mit Exposition) sterben.
Real talk, I did 1-2 ESO wave 8 runs to roughly cap focus per day to finish Focus schools for 6 weeks or so (and I still wasnt finish). In the end, Warframe felt like going to work for doing something with mostly optional payoff. I hate the affinity and focus system. And most of the ESO arenas that dont mesh at all with the king of the hill-type of gameplay due to sluggish AI and verticality.
The issue is that Ember is cool to walk through Earth missions up to level 30 after which her damage to armored targets falls off dramatically. She is a godtier frame for T1 and plateaus in T2 missions which is very early to for viable endgame builds.
Follow the yellow cables.
Bei uns in der Anlage im UG dürfte es heute geschmeidige 45 Grad gewesen sein.
Ich kenne zumindest Leute, die Rußöfen im laufenden Betrieb reinigen müssen. Da sind die Arbeitszeiten streng reglementiert. Die machen das maximal einmal am Tag für ein paar Minuten und haben 6h Schichten.
That centipede thing sounds like wood clacking against itself Honestly, OPM S2 is just barely watchable as a successor to S1. Weird cuts (which usually means they lacked the material to show it), fights getting resolved via jump cuts/reaction shots, they for some reason changed the stellar OST, a lot of scenes lack music and the show is sorely lacking in comedy. After watching Ep1 and 2 I was pretty close to dropping it.
Are we not mistaking complexity for breadth? The game has many moving parts but they rarely interact with each other: think frame choices for squads, the whole Spoiler mode system, Archwings.
This setup with my CM Riven lets me do up to 3 rounds solo. Rhino really has it all for Index.
I know that's the common kneejerk response and it's highly likely to be true and scientific. However, this sort of argumentation takes single instances of warm *weather* to indicate a broader *climate* change. In reverse, you open yourself up to rebuttals that point to cold summers and exceptionally cold winters and would have to accept them as you chose the same style of argumentation.
Wo ist das Problem? Das ist vermutlich eine Mischung aus Carbonaten, Salzen und Biofueling. Nichts davon löst sich super gut in Wasser.
Das ist zwar so, aber es ist trotzdem oft ein himmelweiter Unterschied zwischen Gesellen und Meistern. Ich vermute mal, es liegt eher an der generellen Bereitschaft, sich gegenüber neuem zu öffnen und dazu zu lernen.
Auf. Ventilatoren kühlen nicht wirklich. Die schneller transportierte Luft durch den Ventilator ist aber in der Lage, Wärme besser zu abzutransportieren. Das empfindet dein Körper als ihn verlassenden Wärmestrom und dein Gehirn empfindet es als Kühlung. Die physikalische Erklärung dazu würde jetzt ziemlich ausufern. (erzwungene Konvektion, Fouriersches Gesetz, Nusselt-/Reynolds-Zahl, windseitiger Wärmeübergangskoeffizient und so)
Ich hätte es anders formulieren sollen: unser Körper misst die Richtung des Wärmestroms auf der Haut, unser Gehirn interpretiert dies je nach Richtung als wärmend oder kühlend. Schwitzen hat mit dem "Messvorgang" erstmal nix zu tun, sondern ist quasi eine der ~~Stell~~Regelgrößen, die unser Körper verwenden kann, um seine Temperatur zu halten.
Beachtlicher logistischer Aufwand, den so ein Kind braucht
Yep, that's him.
And automating Fusion Crafting and getting the necessary power infrastructure is actually pretty fun!
Why does this explanation have 28 upvotes? Water is not a fucking magic liquid that gets excited and proceeds to ignite stuff. In the case of hay bales, it's the ongoing respiration of plant cells, burning sugars for energy, above a certain moisture content and generating small amounts of heat in the process. This provides an ideal breeding ground for anaerobic bacteria that thrive in warm and moist environments and proceed to heat up the environment. Same with manure really in principle. Low oxygen content, high moisture and adequate temperature create a thermal runaway-effect by attracting bacteria to the point of auto-ignition.
&gt; Thermowixe Du hast gerade 90% der Ehefrauen von Ingenieuren beleidigt. Gut gemacht.
Nicht mal als Moderator noch erlebt?
Und lebenslange Pensionszahlungen für 4 Jahre powern.
Unbefristeter Vertrag, lebenslange Jobgarantie, stattliche Altersvorsorge sind so einige Vorteile, die das gehaltliche Plus des TVöD auch in anders einordnen.
Exakt. Die Krankhaftigkeit entscheidet sich meistens daran noch sein Leben in geregelten Bahnen führen zu können.
Es gibt auch zumindest im B2B-Bereich dafür aktuell verhältnismäßig wenig Anlass. Selbst Vertragsrechtler raten Unternehmen aktuell dazu, das Kommunikationsmittel möglichst praxisnah festzulegen, d.h. mindestens normale E-Mail, für manche sogar WhatsApp.
&gt;Schlechter Wirkungsgrad 60% ist höher als Verbrennungsmotoren. &gt; teuer in Anschaffung und Unterhalt, praktisch keine Tankstellen, fehlender technology push durch die Hersteller.... Leider wahr. Mir ist nur Hyundai mit Elan aufgefallen. &gt; und die Frage, welches Sicherheitsrisiko Knallgasexplosionen bergen wird noch nicht mal tangiert. Das selbe Risiko wie andere gasförmige Kraftstoffe.
Das stimmt zwar, ist aber für die Sicherheitsbetrachtung erstmal unerheblich. So ein Szenario müsste trotzdem mal durcheruiert werden (und wurde es für die Betriebszulassung vermutlich auch). Wichtiger sind die resultierende Energie und Geschwindigkeit einer Druckwelle beispielsweise.
Alle Powertrain-Konfiguration werden eh erstmal in Spezialfahrzeugen (Flurfahrzeuge, Airport-Transporter, ...) getestet und dann meistens in LKWs. Grund dafür ist meistens, dass das Gewicht der Antriebstechnik bei diesen Plattformen kaum eine Rolle spielt. Im Fall von Druckwasserstoff treibt die geringe Energiedichte und der massenspezifische Energiegehalt das Behältergewicht in die Höhe.
Sorry, aber dein kompletter Denkansatz ist nicht zielführend. Eine Marktpenetration einer Technologie erzielst du nicht mit willkürlichen Eingrenzungen, sondern mit konkurrenzfähigen Ansätzen und der Benchmark ist und bleiben absehbar nunmal fossile Kraftstoffe. Das Schielen auf Elektromobilität zu Ungunsten von Wasserstoff ist engstirnig und falsch.
Billiges Argument. Internationales Seerecht und Flüchtlingskonventionen regeln das. So ein moralistisches Argument auf Schlepper bezogen zieht m. M. n. nicht. Die EU hat einfach keinen Bock sich drum zu kümmern und versucht munter Gesetze durchzudrücken, die beide Völkerrechts-Verträge aushebeln.
As a rule of thumb, clear water is a great indicator. Dust particles in the water that make it murky provide plenty of surface for microbial organisms to thrive.
Finally people realise this. Damn the bean counters on Blizzard game subreddits that pushed all blame on Activision like it was a separate thing.
You need to be at the top. Crunch is first and foremost a project management failure, either along the scope, the schedule, the budget or the requirements.
At least he showers frequently
It's delusion so they can keep going.
&gt;Ja diese blöden Gesetze sind manchmal echt lästig, wenn sie meiner politischen Ideologie widersprechen. Oder gegen verfassungsrechtlich gewährleistete Menschenrechte. Oder internationales Seerecht. Oder völkerrechtliche Flüchtlingskonventionen.
Ich war im Frühjahr dort, mit der Höllentalbahn von Freiburg aus. Traumhafte Ecke. Leider ist der See ja nicht komplett am Ufer umrundbar.
Enzyklopädien sind grundsätzlich als Quellen nicht akzeptiert.
Die Punkte bezüglich der Dogmenhaftigkeit von Modellannahmen in den Wirtschaftswissenschaften und das Erklären von Aspekten wie Umweltauswirkung (und deren Beseitigungskosten) zu (öffentlich zu tragenden) Externalitäten ärgert mich dabei besonders. Die deutsche Wikipedia trifft es gut: "Ein Modell ist ein vereinfachtes Abbild der Wirklichkeit." Ein Modell ist nur so gut, wie die Aspekte, die es abbilden soll, und der Zweck, zu dem es verwendet wird, zusammen passen. Falls sich das eng und technisch anhört, dann liegt ihr richtig. Es ist auch unerheblich, ob es sich dabei um Klimamodelle, Wirtschaftsmodelle, Krankheitsmodelle usw. handelt. Denn im Prinzip sind Modelle nichts anderes als ein Werkzeugkasten, aus dem ich mir Modelle und Effekte für einen bestimmten Zweck entnehme. Sie dürfen keinen Hoheitsanspruch auf die Wahrheit oder Gesetzmäßigkeiten haben, da dies zum Einen zentrale Leitsätze wissenschaftlichen Arbeitens verletzt und zum Anderen sie per Definition eine Abstraktion darstellen. In der Diskussion um Wirtschaftspolitik ist mein Eindruck aber, dass diese ohne Hemmungen geführt wird. Wenn die Modelle Ergebnisse liefern, die nicht mit der beobachteten Realität übereinstimmen, dann wird von "Marktversagen" gesprochen statt "Unser Modell ist falsch".
Because there is a thermoelement at the top that is heated by the resulting steam, thereby shutting off the power supply as soon as the boiling point is reached. You couldn't heat the water past 100 degrees Celsius in that situation anyway, might as well turn the kettle off.
This video might be a recreation, however resonance disasters are absolutely able of causing this level of destruction and the accident report of the destroyed Hornslet Wind Turbine does say it oscillated strongly.
Compared to Warframe, No Man's Sky and the like, Labor of Love wouldn't seem like a backhanded compliment for Stardew Valley. That game was fucking amazing right out the gate.
The point is that EEG-Umlage-relieved industry electricity prices are subsidized by private consumers. If you look at the prices for the last 10 years, it has risen 28% (well above inflation in the same period), mostly through taxes and grid charges despite falling production costs. 2017 this was the highest electricity price in the EU for private consumers. This is still one of the highest industry electricity prices (not EEG relieved) in Western Europe.
Unfortunately, unless you are a hyperscaler you are out of luck due to how the EEG-Umlage relief is calculated progressively per gigawatthour. And, more importantly, you must desperately make sure to keep up your electricity consumption as undercutting that consumption through low demand or energy saving measures will void the relief and destroy your business. Source: work for an energy intensive company.
Now play the Smurfs.
Cavitation is specific to this type of liquid-gas phase change though. Liquid jets will rush in to fill the vacuum and reach several hundred m/s for a moment. This sort of near instant high velocity impact is pretty destructive, potentially even catastrophic, to basically all materials we use. This can for example affect turbines, pumps, valves and pipes. Basically everywhere you might transport a liquid or gas near its boiling point.
Don't vote CDU/FDP/AfD in 2021.
The latest season where they are kind of self - referential with not getting an Emmy. Holy shit, that was painful after a certain point.
And with Broken Steel the Reavers scale pretty strongly and start kicking your ass.
If you have consumed alcohol, even your liability insurance will not pay.
Damn you really put my discomfort with wizard builds in DOS 2 into words when I couldn't. I guess making combat slower through less AP overall and per round while retaining a lot of spells and spell combos was a poor decision.
Wahrscheinlicher ist eher, dass Alkohol im Spiel war und dadurch die HV nicht greift.
Hat Toprak nicht so ziemlich das gleiche Interview 2019 schon mit dem Spiegel geführt? Edit: [Ja, hat er.](https://www.spiegel.de/panorama/gesellschaft/erziehung-in-muslimischen-familien-mama-halt-endlich-die-klappe-a-1292145-amp.html) Das soll jetzt nicht den Wert seiner Aussagen in Abrede stellen. Ich finde es nur seltsam, dass er jetzt mehrere Monate später das nahezu gleiche Interview in NZZ nochmal führt.
Uff, selbst der ein oder andere [Empfänger](https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/economic-sciences/1974/hayek/lecture/) scheint nicht allzu viel auf seinen Preis zu geben.
Pünktlich zum CCC Vortrag zur Funkzellenabfrage wird ihr das auch klar.
Verschlüsselungstechnisch ist genau das leider nicht so cool.
Muslim sectarian infighting is probably a safety guarantee for Israel.
Wohl eher Kfzabsatz insgesamt. Irgendwas um ein Drittel unserer Wirtschaftsleistung hängt an der Automobilindustrie und ihren Zulieferern. Nicht umsonst heißt es, wenn BMW hustet, hat Bayern Lungenentzündung.
Im /r/politics Megathread war ein Kommentar, der es auf den Punkt bringt: dem Poster war es gleichgültig, ob es den General erwischt hat, nur dass es durch die USA sei, machte ihn unglücklich.
2021/25 Sondierungsgespräche, 2029 dann Koalition nach zwei Legislaturperioden grün+X?
Technologie der Zukunft! Da die EU relativ zielstrebig im Bereich Verbrauchsreduktion agiert, kann ich mir wirklich vorstellen, die in 10-20 Jahren flächendeckend zu sehen.
Oder Schraubenzieher in eine Schraube am Kompressor-/Motorgehäuse halten und Ohr ans Ende des Schraubenziehers halten. Es sollte ein gleichmäßiges Summen zu hören sein.
Getriebe, Kupplung, Steuerkette, Zylinder samt Dichtungen können allesamt entfallen. Die Daumenregel ist nunmal: einfachere Mechanik = weniger Verschleiß = geringere Betriebskosten auf die Lebenszeit. Und je günstiger eine Maschine ist, desto höher liegt typischerweise ihr Betriebskostenanteil im Vergleich zu den Anschaffungskosten betrachtet auf die Lebenszeit (&gt;90%; das ist mathematisch einleuchtend, wirtschaftlich aber trotzdem ein Problem). Selbst Erdgaswagen können weitaus längere Laufleistungen erzielen, da die Verbrennung schonender für den Motor ist. Im übrigen werden CNG powertrains absehbar mit BEVs mit aktuellem Strommix und HEVs mit Direkteinspritzung mithalten können. Laut UN Klimarat bis ca 2030 erstmal.
OP mvea is a frequent poster in both subs so you are out of luck.
/r/combatfootage zu urteilen nach, scheinen sich die MILAN-Panzerabwehrlenkwaffen nicht um den Unterschied zu scheren.
As a non SW fan, Rogue One and first half of Ep 8 with the "Destroy the old binary paradigms" were the only SW movies I enjoyed a great deal. The others were good entertainment, just not memorable to me.
Oder einfach mal politisch motivierte Gewalttaten und Hassverbrechen von links und rechts zahlenmäßig vergleichen und doch an den Prioritäten schrauben. (Quelle z. B. 2018 Bericht politisch motivierter Straftaten des BMI/BKA) Linke Gewalt ist medial wirksamer, weil sie stärker gegen Polizisten gerichtet ist. Rechte Gewalt richtet sich gern an schwächere.
It's like he is a magnet for attaching himself to questionable social messages.
Ich wusste, meiner war zu irgendwas gut!
Und Iran hat die größten oder zweitgrößten Erdgas-Vorkommen und ist damit unmittelbarer Konkurrent.
As others have said, there is basically nothing scientific for the assignment of a perfume to a gender. As for the chemistry : Alcohol (we usually mean ethanol by that) is an excellent solvent for many things that are similar to alcohol and is therefore very useful for organic chemistry (chemistry of C-H binds). Many compounds that we recognize as characteristic smells are very similar to alcohol (esters). So by immersing animal materials, flower petals and other good smelling things in a bath of alcohol, we often can leech out these compounds because the compounds want to be in both the alcohol and the material until they are roughly equally in both. We call this process extraction. Making coffee is another form of extraction. Making decoffinated coffee beans is much fancier but follows very similar principles that I outlined here. Alike seeks alike in chemistry: we call the preference of one material to interact with another selectivity. Different compounds might need other solvents or other processes though. Extraction is useful because it provides very mild conditions for volatile materials like the good smelling stuff you want to extract. Keywords for further research: extraction, esters, ethanol, diffusion I am really hitting the limit of what is possible with an ELI5 level explanation here. This is extremely broad strokes.
Yes but I think sexual hormones trigger a very different neurological response compared to other volatile compounds because the signal in this case is vastly amplified to compensate for the miniscule amounts we encounter them.
I would argue a fight between a male and female lion would be no-contest for the male which is why females will attempt to protect and deter but not fight. Adult male lions are basically expert fighters against big cats as their job is protect the pride from competitors and predation. I have seen a video of an adult male breaking the spine of juvenile male in mere seconds, leaving the juvenile paralyzed in his legs.
I love how much Cartman realizes he is in over his head. Randy hijinks and Cartman getting increasingly desperate are almost always great episodes.
I don't know if it's extracted but Castoreum from beavers is a popular perfume component.
Diese Sorte von konservativem Vergeltungsfetisch heißt nicht umsonst wohlwollend Law-and-Order
Oh I totally take my investment advice from a guy who hires prostitutes to eat their feces. I mean, fuck the autists over at /r/wallstreetbets, right? McAfee is clearly onto something.
Not to shit all over your parade, but that smell you smelled was either an additive or gunk in the pipes.
Ich sehe das in manchen Ländern bei Ingenieuren, z. B. der Iron Ring in Kanada, was ja gestern hochpoppte, oder die Ingenieurlizenz in den USA. Ich finde das schwierig. Meiner Meinung nach handelt es sich hier um einen Versuch, fehlende gesetzliche Regelungen mit einem ideellen Überbau zu flicken. Ich bin aber, nüchtern betrachtet, in erster Linie meinem Arbeitgeber verpflichtet und zwar unter Einhaltung eben dieser Gesetze. Speziell für den Fall IT kann ich mir aber lebhaft vorstellen, dass die Gesetzeslage in Deutschland noch nicht die Mechanismen hat, es die klassische Industrie hat. Das ist nichtsdestrotrotz kein Argument für privatwirtschaftliches Moraltheater.
Die Polen sind interessant. Die eine Hälfte der Bevölkerung trinkt nationalistisches und (beinahe) fundamentalistisches Koolaid, hat aber gleichzeitig einen pochenden Hateboner auf Russland.
Magst du davon nicht zurücktreten?
Lol, TIL after 1100 hours. Never thought of it and I play Loki pretty much exclusively for Spy.
You do a mission and after reaching a certain point, you abort the mission. This works great in Railjack because your affinity is permanently converted into Intrinsics once you get it. So people farm Flexa and stealth-kill all the Grineer troopers on the guaranteed Galleon spawn as Ivara. You retain the Intrinsic points and it's reliable because her Sleep Arrows reset enemy alert states thereby allowing you to sustain the stealth kill affinity stacks. Brozime did a video on this on YouTube. This is very efficient with 20-30 intrinsic points for 5-10 minutes of work. Unfortunately, it's also horrible design because it incentivizes ego trips in squads and, well, you are basically cherry picking certain mechanics.
Others have given great advice. I would ignore Banshee and Zephyr though for the time being. I am not that familiar with Banshee but she has exceedingly low defenses (lowest armor value in the entire game) and without some higher tier mods, I can imagine her being very frustrating to play with. Zephyr is a good utility frame for very particular content pieces but is also lacking.
I agree. As long as spoiler mode toggle is tied to latency, Magus Nourish and Magus Elevate are *super* awkward.
And Reza Zarrab was somehow involved in this as well, right? I read about him in a 2016? Spiegel story, because the US arrested him, and was surprised when he was later investigated by the Mueller probe.
Naja, alles gleichzeitig, außer WW3. Wir leben in einer extrem vernetzten Welt. Krisen erreichen uns in ihren Auswirkungen mitunter nicht immer global, aber wir hören von ihnen mit weniger Zeitverzögerung als unsere Eltern und Großeltern.
Generally, I agree. However, I once got the Quellor when doing the Intrinsic run and wanted to save it. So off I go solo in Archwing with my Cyngas and aside from 2 cheap deaths, that worked okay and was fun-ish. It took me roughly 20 minutes. Obviously you need a decent investment in some AW stuff and Ivara but I did okay.
My biggest gripe with the game is its hard limits to city size. The build able areas are gigantic to what the game allows you to sustain for a city.
I bought Transport Fever 1, kind of disliked the trial-and-error approach to street / rail laying, went back to OpenTTD and realized Factorio gives me way more control over the train logistics and does it way smarter. So, I have basically come full circle.
*Chemically* it's methamphetamine and that's where the similarities end. What your dealer sells you is methamphetamine with plenty of shitty to downright harmful impurities. Plus, the method of delivery is extremely important. Desoxyn is frequently given with sustained/extended release via coated pills which significantly slows the uptake. Mode of delivery, mode of consumption and additives do matter.
Oh man when I clicked on this I wondered if I should get the link for the hbomberguy video. Glad to see this!
Keep in mind that unless you are a soldier, you are not oathbound to your country and only answer to your own moral compass.
Also gestern quasi?
Honey Badgers.
GaaS have similar short life cycles as games prior to internet distribution because releases often make a shitton of money and are a good way for publishers to recover their investment in a short period. It's tough to argue for the same asking prices and associated premiums when you ship DLCs.
Yeah how can anyone be relieved at this or treat it as a win?
Iran is still going to end up with nuclear armaments.
It's arguably more important because they are far more numerous and they can vote on these issues.
The biggest issue with dust explosions is that there is no upper limit for the dust concentration to their explosivity, as opposed to vapor explosions. Once you surpass the lower limit, it's on. And like your friend correctly assumed, an ongoing dust explosions can lift up already settled dust and keep going. They are freakishly dangerous in enclosed spaces.
LibreOffice by itself does okay. It is subpar however if you do group work with a mixed MS Office/open source Office group. At that point, you are better off with gdocs.
People tend to not differentiate between environmental production and disposal impact. As a rule of thumb: synthetic materials tend to emit more CO2 and require significantly less water but tend to be not biodegradable. Natural materials like cotton require large amounts of water but are roughly carbon neutral over their production chain (depends on crop and purpose). They are mostly biodegrable.
Plus, you evade virtually all damage by Lephantis in Razorwing it seems. I wasn't hit once yesterday.
That's a decent Baruuk skin I would actually buy to not look like 1950's lamp holder.
The problem is, he is going to keep spinning though.
I have never witnessed this level of commitment of German airport security.
Ah I get it. Glad it wasn't that bad like I initially assumed.
NMS is a decent game now but holy shit it does make me cringe when this community deems it acceptable to look down on other deplorable business practices while pretending NMS was this awesome gift from heaven at launch. Survivor bias at its finest.
I am glad we get to relive these lessons that were already learned as playtester.
I am kind of confused. I never singled you out or called anyone a fan boy. I am just saying that this community probably hemorrhaged most of its members over the course of the release weeks. And what remained were people who were okay with the way they were misled as customers (let's call it like it is) or people like you and I that joined for later updates with a better value proposition. I can like this game and shit on its developer at the same time without some sort of cognitive dissonance.
Die Sinnhaftigkeit des Versuchs der Sozialdemokratie, sozialistische Politik mit demokratischen Mittel zu machen, wurde durch die autoritäre Staatsform in der Sowjetunion nicht widerlegt, sondern bestätigt. Der Satz ist Murks, aber so verstehe ich ihn.
Although his reload speed buff makes him even better for primaries and secondaries that would otherwise feel clunky and slow.
I agree about the reasons for Cryophon but holy shit that nerf hit them *hard*.
Yeah OP, really can't stress this enough: the current uproar in this sub is about 2 distinct late game content pieces - of which there are many for you to choose from - which, by the time you reach them, will probably have significantly changed again. Godspeed, smolcalibur.
Why bring a nuke frame to an affinity farm though unless you just formaed it?
If your enjoyment of the game is impacted by this sub, you have a bigger problem, my friend. In 1100 hours I have rarely seen overall reddit trends spill over into the game. Meta discussions about a game rarely happen within the game. People are being vocal because they are passionate and the vast majority of the criticisms looks well articulated and measured. And DE needs recurrent user spending because that is their business model. Edit: by the way, by filtering out certain flairs you can mostly ignore the bug reports and criticisms. You can literally build your own filter bubble to retain your enjoyment for the time being.
I think over 2% are MR26.
Everyone drinking the Ticker Koolaid here and forgetting you still need stockpiled high level debt bonds and resources. Ticker did make the farm easier, after the fact.
And then piss it into small pieces, like us hard-working rural logging folks.
I play on Tactician current release version and never had this. I do remember the salt on DOS2 release of people basically losing their entire stock due to a Taunt and such.
But both your suggested measures are already standard practices. Most industrial nations have maximum allowable surface temperatures (thereby forcing insulation) and extensive heat exchanger networks to recover waste heat.
Am I wrong to assume that temperature differential is directly proportional to voltage? Edit: vice versa
Then you are right about that. You can crunch thermal efficiencies much easier than this technology.
&gt;Then again, that'd be pretty terrifying if it wasn't consensual. Yes, executions are terrifying.
At least in Germany, right wing violence tends to be more numerous, more violent but less visible than left wing violence. (check the 2018 BMI/federal office for the interior report on political violence). My theory is that right wing violence is often less visible because it is directed at already partly disenfranchised groups of people. Whereas left wing violence is over proportionately more observed because it is frequently directed at law enforcement officers as a civil disobedience measure.
You just quoted the abstract without any further context. Dissipation refers to the irrecoverable material loss in a product life cycle. Dump your e-scooter into a nearby river or lake? Well, it's gone now, it *dissipated* into the environment and is permanently inaccessible to reuse/recycle/recover techniques. So the author correctly argues from a epistemological viewpoint: if I have dissipation somewhere along the chain and I can't prevent it fully, I will thereby never achieve complete recycling.
I would argue the story is contrived because the questions it asks are not relatable. Synth infiltrators are killing humans and destroying communities without remorse. Humans are living absolutely miserable in the commonwealth, with all common social and power structures effectively defunct, save for Diamond City that is increasingly isolationist and contains a minor amount of the overall population. In the random encounters with their original counterparts, it's also never clear whether these infiltrators put on an act of desperation or actually are desperate and think they are real. Some seem to act on compulsion, others on a seeming degree of freedom and malice. All this muddies the waters considerably. So basically, humans are living already a much worse existence than synths, suffer at the hands of synths (the agency of the synths over these deeds is questionable) and the game drops hordes of Synth enemies on you, to the point they are effectively a raider faction. Most importantly, at no point is your own humanity ever part of the question - neither literally nor figuratively. It only circles around the question whether you regard humanlike life as human.
Although this direct hit could have probably been weakened with a tighter defense. Both fighters stood very close to each other and the right guy held his defense rather high and far away from his body. Thats basically screaming for a low blow.
Important to note that there are different families of flame retardants. The stuff they put in cable isolations is essentially an inert mineral (mineral flame retardant) that releases water when heated. The downside is that you need to put copious amounts of it (up to 50 % weight fraction) in the thermoplastic melt. Other retardant like bromine or chlorine-based retardants intercept the resulting radicals in a burning flame and release halogen radicals instead, but lead to nasty smoke generation and are effective at smaller weight fractions.
What the fuck? Are you a bot? Do you smell toast?
That's fairly recent though. Over the last 10 years I've observed: - towers getting bigger leaving much more space, - form factors are mostly just ATX now, - cable management is now included by standard, - hard drive racks were introduced, - PCIE and SATA are here to stay and downward compatible whereas prior to that bus system switched frequently, - Mainboards tend to keep the bigger PCIE cards and CPU coolers in mind and have spaced out their connectors more, - 8 pin and 6 pin connectors have gotten some formwork so you can't insert them incorrectly, So basically the inside of your tower is overall now much cleanly, parts are standardized and the adoption of private PCs has gotten more widespread. On the other hand, the higher power requirements mean there are much heavier cooling bodies with extra reinforcement and assembly plates.
Österreich hat quasi die Abkürzung genommen. Ohne Aussetzung und Zerstörung demokratischer Institutionen.
Von der habe ich einen Messebeitrag plötzlich an der Time line gehabt. Freut mich, dass sie unbegründet scheiße zu finden, doch ok war.
I did it as Rhino with melee. Basically, enemies are near blind. Approach from behind and quickly strike them down. I don't really know why it worked so well, but it did.
Don't forget the further nerfs to Archwing combat that Railjack *really* needed. ^^/s
The weird thing is, in earlier devstreams it still showed as km/h
Excavation really doesn't play nice with many tilesets like Earth and Corpus Ice. It's a classic case where art and level design do not blend well with the rest of the game and a Producer or Director fails to put his foot down and manage the different teams. Plus, the margin for simple bad luck is razorthin in T3 missions as excavs are made out of toilet paper.
This stuff gets superficial attention of DE because it allows them to defuse and disengage potential conflict situations: by picking out a minor or fringe issue, they can outwardly present good intentions with very little implication and commitment to the actual design process which has likely advanced from this weeks to months. The community was never truly going to be more involved in the design process. The only reason to deal with this sort of community management is by collective action. I am saying this with no grudge and no presumption of malice on DE's part. But a mixed launch like Railjack that is left stewing for 3-4 weeks is a very good reason to employ standard PR tactics.
What I like the most is that it deals with the wrinkles and pits around his mouth and his lips don't slope downward. It really makes a difference.
Yes, that is how machine learning works.
/u/Morerokk covered the basics of the video. The gist of the reactor itself is that it generates temperature if given fuel. A higher temperature means higher power output but to prevent the reactor from reaching its runoff temperature, the stabilizers the guy in the video breaks at the start are needed. So you feed a certain part of the reactor output back into the stabilizers to create an energy field that helps moderate the reactor temperature. This is actually fairly interesting to build and control because the relationships between the parameters temperature and stabilizer RF input seem to be non-linear.
Chemistry is a bit like sex: if you can't touch your partner, nothing is going to happen.
If it sounds narrow and technical, that's because it's how good science operates.
Wasserstoff-Brennstoffzellen haben bei größerer Leistungsabgabe &gt;60% einen stark abfallenden Wirkungsgrad. Eine Batterie hilft, die Brennstoffzelle im optimalen Betriebsbereich zu betreiben und Lastspitzen abzupuffern. Edith: das ganze schimpft sich dann FCHEV, fuel cell hybrid electric vehicle.
Elektrifizierung einer Strecke kostet aktuell *glaube ich* ca. 120.000 € pro km. Das rechnet sich ziemlich schnell.
Unfassbar krass, dass man das sieht.
Ich arbeite in der chemischen Industrie und die Branche ist unfassbar innovationsschwach, technologisch wie organisatorisch/strukturell. Innovationen finden hier zwar statt, die dazugehörige Anlage wird aber in China, Brazilien, Indien gebaut.
&gt;This doesn’t make hydrogen viable. Generally, this by itself, yes. &gt;One (of the many) negatives of hydrogen is the storage problem. Yes. &gt;Hydrogen needs to be stored under pressure. No, it doesn't. &gt;All around, hydrogen simply sucks. Also no. It's the got the highest mass specific (chemical) energy density among most known energy carriers in its pure state. Also, for a society centered around combustion techniques, water as an oxidation product is super useful.
Volume specific energy density is not exclusively a function of pressure though. Cryo - compressed H2 (basically a slush) is performing great and tries to combine the advantages liquid and compressed H2. Chemical and physical sorption techniques go entirely different routes and hold the promise of using existing oil and gas infrastructure. H2 keeps popping up because it is widely regarded as a key player for a future carbon free economy where electricity is not readily available. It also remains important as a key reducing agent in the manufacturing industry.
This practice is changing to 2-3 days until after release.
Marquis de Sade?
I have never encountered an active reload mechanic that was fun and not distracting. Ammo is a resource that needs to be managed, ranging from wildly irrelevant to way too punishing in Warframe but consistently trivialized by Carrier. Magazine size and reload speed are limits to your theoretical DPS. Everything beyond that is putting combat further in favor of melee because of mechanical hurdles that are interruptive to the flow of combat. You don't need to reinvent the wheel to make gunplay interesting. Give enemies weak and very strong spots. Make weapons designs fewer and more iconic so they effectively work as stance choices, analogous to melee. Give them alt-fires with certain strengths and drawbacks (e. g. slow but powerful shot, weak AoE stun). Make them satisfying to use by nailing visual feedback and sound design. And that is just the weapon side. That's not an island separate from enemy design.
I am thinking about mechanics with a gauge bar and a sweet spot. Yes, animation canceling is a thing.
Nekros for &lt;= level 100 convenience; Khora for endless and her vast damage potential.
Don't worry. Process flow diagrams are a dedicated class of technical documentation. People train literally years to read and draw them.
What a polite and considerate way to call someone out for not reading properly.
Yep. When the game was 15 dollars (or free for PS4 users on release), buying DLC cars had the potential of supporting a dev of a truly great game. Then they fucked it up by layering everyone conceivable revenue stream into the game.
I genuinely thought that was the point of the post.
I would be surprised if there is any location *change* (or possibly any activity) I can do in the game that requires less than 3 inputs. Star Map: zoom out, zoom in, confirm at least once. Dojo: menu, communication, clan, enter dojo (not doable from other dojos for example). Edit: more importantly, non of the inputs are queueable until the next submenu has loaded.
WoW and other MMOs at its time did the smart thing right from the start: provide a comprehensive Lua API that people can freely use. Then spend barely any resources on changing it and let people work on their favorite solutions. A downside to this is that people may get very creative with what functions you allow (e. g. position detections in WoW for comprehensive boss fight mods). The problem with that approach is that you need to know what you deliver and grant access to from the start. That requires forethought and polish. Both are severely lacking in Warframe right now.
Don't forget that the top answers can also be rehashed as 9gag content.
With Udo Kier as Stalin.
That's not what asset flip means and is a very malevolent interpretation of a standard industry practice.
&gt;Got to see the security at Munich Airport myself twice, what caught me off guard was the armament they were walking about. Machine pistols are intended as a temporary measure due to the Paris attacks, I think. Standard issue is still just a small handgun. In the past, police used to walk around even without Kevlar vests. Hell, up until the 2000s, city districts would have a single police officer on patrol duty. That has changed due to a number of attacks on policemen though.
Yeah, when I tried to remember when it was introduced, I realized this measure has been in place for an uncomfortably long time.
Butane (commonly found as a refrigant, LPG, lighter fluid) is denser than air, so it would similarly displace the air from the vat and starve the flames from oxygen. However, it's also flammable, so it would probably ignite on contact with the flames.
Core gameplay loop has been virtually untouched since Alpha 15.
They just reject proof. They have no interest in truth and actually challenging their world view. After all, the content creators of that bubble have probably financial interests to keep this going. Content engagement for this sort of right wing conspiracy shit heads is huge.
All national governments disagree. Stately / executive power is designed to be hold onto and expanded. That can range from a minor tax increase to shooting at your own populace.
Also, Stauffenberg was still a career Nazi officer. Like most of the July conspirators, his dislike for Hitlers rule stemmed more from the increasingly visible futility of the war. Their plan for the post-Hitler government was basically a Wehrmacht-ruled light version of a Fascist state.
Granted but nothing changes because people that lacked media competency before and neglected having multiple sources still feel deceived and misinformed. This monkeypaw is perfectly emblematic of the entire discussion about media neutrality.
I mean, he behaves like he advertised and promised.
Wenn du nicht gerade ein Unternehmen bist, was der öffentlichen Hand gehört? - Geld- und Freiheitsstrafen bis zum Berufsverbot für die Geschäftsführer, die technische Leitung sowie die Betriebsleiter/Betreiber; das Strafmaß hängt in der Betreiberverantwortung von der Höhe im Organigramm ab und nimmt von oben nach unten ab. - Entzug der Betriebserlaubnis bzw. Aufrechterhaltung nur unter strengen Auflagen und externen Audits. Meistens kannst du dich aber mit Gefährdungsbeurteilungen (nach Betriebssicherheitsverordnung) ein bisschen retten. Eine Situation falsch einzuschätzen und dokumentierbar zu irren wird weniger bestraft als fahrlässig untätig zu bleiben. Der letzte Absatz klingt jetzt sketchy, aber im Bestand hast du oft nunmal signifikante Altlasten, deren Beseitigung das wirtschaftliche Fortbestehen in Frage stellt. Auf der anderen Seite hast du oft aber auch Jahrzehnte lange Betriebserfahrungen. Das gilt es dann abzuwägen und Gegenmaßnahmen wie regelmäßige Inspektionen zu ergreifen.
I would like to tell you about Mett, good sir.
You can vet people all day, it's also institutional issues mixed with poor training. In my country, police officers undergo 3 year bachelor studies with - field internships on multiple stations, - constitutional law courses, - public administration courses, - courses in police work and case law, - operational training (basically grappling, hand to hand combat, shooting) I have to note that the training regime for most departments is drastically reduced once you finish your studies and actually start your jobs. You are expected to stay fit on your own time then. After that, they swear an oath and become public servants.
Mouse control moves the camera whereas it's the right analog stick for controllers. I don't think it was that bad but it's certainly an extra action by the player.
Ja über die bin ich auch nach dem Post gestolpert. Ich checke mal im Bordcomputer, welche Frequenz er genommen hat. Danke Brudi/Schwesti.
Beides absolute Scheissfirmen.
Obligatorischer Hinweis, dass Karliczeks Plan für Elektrolyse-Kapazitäten von 10 GW den Aufbau erneuerbarer Leistungen aus der Feder Altmeiers nahezu auffressen würden. Mal gucken, was das wird. Kurz- und mittelfristig wäre mir eine Konzentration auf Stromerzeugung aus erneuerbaren Quellen lieber. Die ist imho ohnehin unabdingbar für eine Wasserstoffwirtschaft. Die Rechnung für alternative Kraftstoffe ohne ubiquitär vorhandene Energie geht sonst nicht auf.
Im letzten Jahr stieg übrigens nicht die EEG Umlage, sondern die Netzentgelte, aufgrund von Förderungen an Grundlast-(Kohle-) Kraftwerke. Das kann man sich auch nicht ausdenken.
Kaum ein Haushalt wird hier realistisch eine Einsparung wahrnehmen. Verkäufer von Commodities werden brav aufrunden. Autos und größere Anschaffungen wie E-Geräte werden vielleicht etwas günstiger ausfallen.
Bottled water is still a factor of 500-1000 times more expensive from a German supermarket than tap water.
Why are you worried about pipes as long as they aren't leaded?
Washington D. C. hat standardmäßig eh mit der Bundesregierung und dem Kongress ein Hühnchen zu rupfen. Kein standardmäßiges Wahlrecht im Kongress und stellt keinen Senator.
Folgendes zu Mieterschutzbunden, weil dieses Wort gefühlt bei jedem Mietsstreit magisch fällt. - Mieterschutzvereine prozessieren ungern und streben meist Vergleiche an. - der damit einhergehende Rechtsschutzleistungen greifen erst nach Ablauf einer Karenzzeit, wie bei Rechtsschutzversicherungen üblich. - eine Unterstützungszusage bedeutet die Mitgliedschaft in oder Konsultation eines solchen Vereins ebenfalls nicht. Das ist ein Fall für einen Anwalt.
Du brauchst einen Anwalt.
[Schamloser Selbst-Stopfen](https://np.reddit.com/r/de/comments/gqvoc3/z/frvogam) Du schaffst das.
&gt;Fast die gesamte Automobilindustrie hat schon seit Jahren Überkapazitäten. Deswegen kriege ich immer das kalte Grauen, wenn Bild und seine Leser Deutschland als Exportweltmeister abfeiern.
Also, ja, das hat etwas geschmäckle, aber wir haben auch ein Rassismusproblem. Ich kann schon verstehen, wieso Leute auf die Straße gehen. Man darf esh alt nicht im Bezug auf Polizeigewalt "framen".
Yeah under the current circumstances, I would prefer an expansion of syndicates, basic mission gameplay and operations. It's been consistently the most fun for me and everything Empyrean / New War has been a major letdown for me. That being said, Scarlet Spear would have worked but they fucked up the launch and make it way too confusing. Games evolve and change in their scope and way they are played and I guess, the current direction is not for me?
my experience from draining Ocean Monuments is that its easier to fill the area with some sort of easily available block that is distinct from the surrounding area and then filter-quarry it again.
Or scale HP and damage. There are plenty of solutions.
High range build Octavia allowed me to solo it with a 12 min average for C rotation.
The ship you play on is the Orbiter which is a fairly large vessel of which you only see a small section. Docked to the Orbiter is the Landing Craft which delivers you to missions and back. Late into the current story, you get the opportunity to build an interceptor craft for missions in space. That is called the Railjack which you have seen videos of.
Gauss is the absolute below level 100 king. Plus, he makes using sluggish weapons fun.
It's mostly in a chronologically descending order. Community forecasts have been pretty spot on for the last 2 years I have played this game. However, DE may shuffle the schedule to thematically fit an Unvault with a content piece (e.g. Thermia Fractures w/ Ember/Frost).
Damage, Multishot, Status damage. Since most primaries and secondaries require significant Forma investment, the goal is to just make the thing carry its own weight in the meantime.
The Northern German region of Ammerland has a crazy fixation with these flowers. Streets are literally lined by them in all vibrant colors.
A damn fine choice.
The lore is a little bit unclear on this but my understanding is that the Children were not saved by Orokin as the faction or empire of the Orokin did not yet exist as their rescue in the Void Age seems to predate the Orokin. This predecessor faction shunned the Children as void demons and locked them away. It was only when the Orokin were desperate in their search for a viable weapon against the sentient, that a rampaging Rhino prototype got close to the Children and subsequently calmed. This made the Orokin realize they had a chance to deploy properly controllable Warframes. Per your time span argument : they are children. Experiments and training take time. Extrapolate from there.
Real talk though, the game would benefit from harbors being safe zones.
You can only sell at major ports which tend to be relatively far away from each other. And it would defuse PvP cheese where a freshly beaten crew can continously throw itself at you with a fresh stock of supplies.
Upvote. His theatrics may annoy people, hell they annoy me, but he has been consistently pro customer, pro workforce, pro mental health and pro sustainable business practices. His message is positive and commendable and his content is worth supporting, even if it's crass.
It may be from a cultural standpoint. The title of Free State is just the formal name by protocol.
They slow-cosbied themselves.
They made it dark so they wouldn't have to pour all that money in.
That's some heavy ass material for an 11 year old, holy shit.
Hamm's work has the double whammy of lots of comedy and long running acclaimed TV show that positions him as a potential typecast.
In den USA nennt man diesen Stereotyp "perpetual foreigner", der insb. dort lebende Menschen asiatischer Abstimmung trifft.
There is and it's called as such (at least in my native language) but it's used within the frame of chemistry, fluid mechanics and solid state mechanics. Obviously, other frames of reference like particle physics do not make this *assumption* because it would lead to problematic deviations from reality.
There are three nations in North America in total, aren't there?
Aber sie schickt derzeit die Gutschriften aus der Steuererklärung zügig und ohne Nachfrage zurück. Auf so einen Homie lasse ich nichts kommen.
Hybrid ist halt auch nicht gleich Hybrid. Was nützt dir der Minihybrid mit 10 km Reichweite? Der wird zwar steuerlich und subventionell bevorteilt, schafft aber de facto keine Verbrauchsersparnis.
Diesel hat auch einen höheren Heizwert. Das ergibt fast zwangsweise einen geringeren Verbrauch pro Strecke. Das Problem am Diesel ist immer die Stickstoff- und Feinstaubproblematik.
Lollus. Wie einfach man in dem Kaninchenbau war, hat mich wirklich beeindruckt.
Except you are going to end up killing those drowners literally dozens of times.
Ich lasse mir nur für frisches Obst und kostenlosen Kaffee ausbeuten, sorry.
Das Marine Museum in Wilhelmshaven ist echt super. Nur in der WW2 Sektion blitzt das etwas komische Verhältnis zur Kriegsmarine hindurch.
Sein politisches Konzept ist, medienwirksam zu sein und seinen Altforderen nicht weh zu tun. Er steht für nichts und ist einfach nur ein Schmierlappen.
Die API, auf die die App zugreift, existiert ebenfalls schon.
Die haben halt auch mit dem Hydrogen 7 auf völlig schwachsinnige Konzepte gesetzt.
Ich habe das mal bei der Farbstoffsynthese eingehender betrachtet. Da wird ein Precursor homogen katalytisch mithilfe eines Metallsalzes umgesetzt. Problem: es bleibt ein flüssiges Gemisch mit einem gelöstem Metallsalz mit hoher Oxidationsstufe zurück. Richtig fieses Zeug. Für die Abtrennung und Regeneration insitu erprobte man dann elektrochemische Verfahren. Chemisch gesehen natürlich affengeil, dank der hohen freien Enthalpie der Elektrizität. Die wünschte Oxidationsstufe wird dann an der Elektrode bereitgestellt.
Ein Elektrotechnikstudium macht dich zur Elektrofachkraft und erweitert deinen Spielraum im Industriebereich immens. Die Nachfrage im Bereich EMSR ist ungebrochen. Wenn du nicht eine komplett andere Richtung beruflich einschlagen willst, würde ich mir das sehr gut überlegen.
Oder Waffenhandel. Das hat schließlich CDU Tradition.
Stark. Ich hatte gehofft, dass es einen entsprechenden CCC Kommentar dazu gibt. Danke für den Link.
Krass stimmt, ich war aufgrund seiner Präsenz auf den Kongressen von einer Mitgliedschaft ausgegangen
There is basically no reason to post on this sub unless you need reinforcement to end your relationship.
Stop spouting theories for facts. That is a controversial issue. Gloves reduce the occurance of cuts and eye injuries. They *probably* also reduce brain trauma but there is no consensus on that point. On top of that, I was merely giving a personal impression of this weight chance in gloves. And despite all that, by looking at medical data experts estimate bare knuckle boxing to be over 180 times more lethal than gloved fighting with proper gloves. So kindly shove off, mate.
I only started playing this game earlier this year and I could only put up with it through a few mods and a trainer. And it's enjoyable enough and I got my money back in good entertainment. This game is treated as a redemption story but it's honestly just business conduct of the worst kind. During the release scandal, it genuinely looked like Sean Murray's dumb ass would be dragged in front of a UK court when authorities started to investigate.
One issue with biomass is that its capacity to capture CO2 is connected to its growth. So there are age and growth rate restrictions.
Where do you start? Colombian Exchange? Spanish Silver Mining? Deaths from violence on slaves during North American style chattel slavery?
I am German and we had that thing. My mind is genuinely blown.
You can basically regard the term 'metastable' as a boulder balanced on the tip of a hill. Give it a small nudge and it's enough to keep the process running by itself. But without that nudge, nothing happens even though you expect it to (on an infinite timescale).
OP, you've summoned the incel crowd it seems.
That's one big thing I take issue with among the PC crowd. You don't get to decide whom I find attractive and whom I want to romantically or sexually pursue, motherfucker.
So basically a 'legs broken but not dead' type of deal?
I go with positive pressure (ergo the fuel plane actively pumping the fuel) because fuel fumes from vacuuming the fuel sounds really icky.
The on site chat plug-ins, holy fucking shit.
They seem to have botched the Steam integration somehow.
While the elderly are a great source of experience and wisdom, their ability to build on, expand, change and access it quickly diminishes. People retire for a reason. Seeing people in charge all around the world with barely any future left and severe signs of aging is horrifying to me. We need organized passings of the figurative torches.
Yep. They came in the 50s and 60s.
He is right though. Just last week, Datteln 4 entered operation.
&gt;Bitcoin That's what I always say: 'Always stay on message - even if it means doing some advertising in a discussion about domestic violence and spousal abuse.'
Bei mir auf Android 1,5% und der low power BT Modus 0,1%. Ich war positiv überrascht.
Sanctions are also pretty expensive. The US controls access to official financing channels via its SWIFT system.
The Marinemuseum in Wilhelmshaven is relatively open about this. Basically, the Marine (Navy) - and the Bundeswehr as a whole - had to walk the narrow line between keeping institutional knowledge (and therefore not fully remove itself from 12 years of history) and distancing itself from the Kriegsmarine. So they settled on career officers that enjoyed a reputation as relatively inoffensive 'good' Nazis. It should be noted that I don't agree with the self presentation of the Marine for the most part. The myth of 'liberation' from the Nazis is still going strong. We werent liberated. We were completely and utterly defeated, to the point that public support for Nazi Germany was untenable.
That's an interesting take. I never saw it that way. To me, it seemed disingenuous.
Denk mal drüber nach zu wechseln. Ein Kollege von mir erzählte mir was von einem Bundeskataster, was die Versicherungsgeber austauschen für "teure" Kunden und meine Anwältin, die ich im Rahmen einer solchen Versicherung in Anspruch nehmen musste, wollte das weder leugnen noch bestätigen.
Das Problem ist halt kultureller Natur. Handwerksbetriebe (Industrie oder "normal") sind hierarchisch immer noch verhältnismäßig durchlässig: Wer gut ist, Verantwortungsbewusstsein und Elan an den Tag legt, der kann es weit schaffen. Diese eigentlich meritokratische Art der Beförderung bringt zum Teil zum Führen von Menschen ungeeignete Personen nach oben. Wenn man dann nicht mit Schulungen und Coachings unterstützt - und seien wir mal ehrlich, die 10 Mann Schrauberklitsche wird das nicht leisten können - dann ist Ärger vorprogrammiert. Hinzu kommt, dass gerade im Bereich Wartung- und Instandhaltung die Handwerker selbst oft eine enorme Knowhow - Konzentration aufbauen können. Werkstätten neigen gewissermaßen zu unregierbaren Verselbstständigungstendenzen. Unter solchen Umständen ist es dann schwierig, von Leitungsseite, angefangen bei der Meisterebene bis zur Technikleitung, eine glaubwürdige Drohkulisse aufzubauen. Und selbst wenn einem der Aufbau einer Drohkulisse gelingt, gibt es immer noch den magischen Zaubertrick des Krankenscheins, der dich bei einem wohlwollenden Arzt ad infinitum schützt.
Zugegebenermaßen beobachten wir hier in D auch bei jeder größeren wichtigen Wahl die Konsequenzen der Politikverdrossenheit und schaffen dann dazu auch nur ein surprised Pikachu face.
Keine Terroristen oder Kapitalverbrecher, jetzt dürfen also schon Pädos die Steilvorlage zur Überwachung liefern. Für was wird denn so die Funkzellenabfrage zur Verhinderung von Terrorakten und Aufklärung von Schwerverbrechen missbraucht? Ahja, Drogen- und Prostitutionsdelikte. Hundertfach.
Was ist IMF? IF finde ich gut und klappt für mich sowohl mit Beruf als auch mit intensivem Training. Man muss dann halt aufpassen, sich abends nicht den Wanst vollzuhauen. Aber grundsätzlich fühle ich mich leichter, schlafe besser etc pp
Maritime freight is the most efficient mode of transportation per freight ton we have with regards to cost, energy consumption and emissions. Check the IPCC reports.
Nope. This applies, on average, for container freight as well as bulk freight by a huge margin.
Plus, I kind of want to be my elected representatives to be excellent and be financially incentivized to pursue such a vocation.
Megan Mullally
Das ist aber eine geschmeidige Lesart von Völkerrecht.
Why
Laptop components tend to not be designed for the high loads video games causes. Alongside poor maintenance of your operating system, your hardware will be affected by this and causes its component to age at a higher rate.
Nor could they have foreseen such a disruptive technology. Parent poster is just a butthurt baby boy.
That's a little unfair though. Even missing a single streaming day impacts sub count to the count of several thousands of dollars of revenue. Streaming is incredibly competitive and you are very much at the mercy of the platforms you participate in.
Yeah, huge pirate raids end up pretty devastating to both prisoners and your own colonists. The "kin died" moodlets stick around for a long time and if you are unlucky, you eradicate entire extended families of one of your pawn in a single lategame raid.
The trick is to build enough mortars that some shells in the initial barrage hit.
Yeah that always feels cheap but I guess is part of the charm. I do feel like there is a sudden jump in lethality once you go past shooting 10 and get a Charge Rifle.
Ah yes, a true friend of the people.
People keep voting racists into office yet don't consider themselves racists.
While Cameron is a spineless cunt that staked his country for his party support, Brexit still received the popular vote. Citizens are ultimately feeling the consequences of their own decision making. And everyone and their mom posted exhaustive debunks on the Brexiteer claims.
Imagine trying to be so on message and pointed, that you paint triage - a practice which basically everyone involved dislikes and remains a huge concern for most health systems worldwide - as this malicious and life-denying practice. Imagine what a fucking asshole you would have to be.
Which has more to do with how Twitch conducts these bans intransparently and inconsistently.
This is so fucking cool. Is it possible to visit it?
"Comedy is the first to age and the first to age poorly."
Ignoring any subtext a piece of media has to offer is a very contemporary-centric approach to media. Touchy subjects need to be okay if the subtext that is presented provides a framing that contextualizes the character's action in a proper way - usually by showing reactions to it from other characters. Cancel culture is cancer.
Absolution was a stepping stone in the sense that the franchise betrayed its vision from Blood Money and went off a steep cliff which it had to recover him. If you make a step forward at rock bottom, anything is a stepping stone.
Also, Big Ed is a stellar target. He is a small, round man that kinda did his daughter dirty. Super easy for editing to make him a prime antagonist.
Stroking hard in both hemispheres.
&gt;So Leuten kann man es nicht recht machen, es geht hier nämlich weniger um den neutralen Journalismus, sondern darum, dass den Leuten einfach nicht gefällt, was sie da lesen. Schlimmer noch halte ich es für ein Versagen im Bereich von Medienkompetenz. Und das liegt meiner Meinung nach nicht darin, dass sowas nicht gelehrt wird. Im Deutsch, Geschichte und Soziologie Unterricht wurde der Bumms bei mir behandelt, wahlweise direkt oder indirekt. Selbstverständlich sind der journalistische Output durch die Biases der Autoren oder des Hauses vorgeprägt. Es liegt am Leser oder Zuschauer, diese zu identifizieren und in seine eigene Interpretation einfließen zu lassen. Der Grund ist einfach, dass viele Menschen sau dumm sind.
Mietrechtschutz abschließen, 3 Monate Füße still halten, Karenzzeit abwarten und nach Erstkonsultation mit dem Mietrechtanwalt prüfen, ob dafür die Rechtsschutz durch Vertragsbruch eingeschaltet werden kann.
Meine Beobachtung war aber für Kleinartikel schon häufig, dass die die durch Prime gesparten Versandkosten auf den Einzelpreis umlegen.
Ich habe mit 22 auch erst mein letztendliches Studium begonnen: G9, Zivildienst, ein Jahr Studium in den Sand gesetzt, auf Praktikumsplatz gewartet und neu gestartet. Finde eine Perspektive, die dir zusagt, und lass dich nicht von deinem Alter oder empfundenen Erwartungen ablenken.
They have never really been separate. National pride and emphasis on a common idea, language, culture and cultural output always have been cornerstones of Nationalist policy which resulted in nation states forming all over the world at the turn of the century. Shit rapidly takes a turn for the worse though if you bring blatant racism and a "Blut und Boden" approach to that.
