I think you'd get "riled up" if people refered to you as "asshole", but they get to make that call. You don't just get to claim you aren't an asshole and expect people to stop. Just because a man wants to be identified as a woman, doesn't require society to accept that. Just because a man wants the sexual characteristics normally associated with being female, doesn't make them female. We can argue as a society if we want to accept a person to the different group on (primary and secondary) sexual characteristics, and in most cases that will occur. If you "present" as a female, people will treat you as a female. But government needs hard lines. Just like they have strict age limits, when it would make more sense to do a mental capability test. But that's not logical in operation. So what are the hard lines? Chromosomes? Genitalia? A percentage of overall sexual characteristics normally associated with a certain sex? Simply what someone themselves declares?
Gender is a spectrum. But then it's a meaningless metric. So you don't get to claim it's a spectrum and then claim that people should identify you on the binary. You also don't get to claim you're gender type #43 because there is infinite genders. Sexuality is a spectrum as well. It's based on sexual attraction to sexual characteristics. It's easily possible for a man to have certain female sexual characteirstics. So even if you're a "heterosexual man", you can be attracted to men that have sexual characteristics normally associated with being female. People just use the term incorrectly, because they make assumitions that males have "male sexual characteristics". XXY people are an outlier, just as transgender people are. Most men align with what science has discovered to be **"normally associated"** with the male sex. A trans female is a male that has traits (mental &amp; physical) that are "normally associated" with females. They are an outlier in science analysis. So either we throw out the entire basis of science, or accept the fact that outliers exist in every type of scientific study.
Yes. They are outliers. That's science. There aren't "female sexual characterisitcs". There are only sexual characteristics normally associated with females. Science simply uses those common associations and makes terms regarding them. A "male" is simply an organism that has a certain set of characteristics that have been scientifically shown to match up together most of the time. A "female" is simply an organism with the "opposite", or having the other of 2 very common metrics. Can you define the "female gender" for me? What metric would you like to use? I mean, it should mean *something* or it's existence as a term is meaningless. Can you tell me what the point of your post is? What are you trying to state? You're going around calling people transphobic, but you aren't really making any effort to actually explain your position yourself.
Okay, this r/law so I want to get a perspective from those involved in the legal system. Do you really believe we will get to a point (let alone in 10 years) where it's okay to not be attentive behind a wheel of a car that is on the road with other human driven cars? Who takes on the liability then is case of failure? What if the care simply runs out of gas/power? What if there are other passengers?
What the fuck is up with all these polls!? That's all this sub is at the moment. Poll complaining about another poll that's a response to a previous poll. Just stop posting them.
Quite a difference between your employer providing you with health care insurance and requiring government to simply provide insurance for everyone.
Not understanding a difference between your employer providing you insurance and providing that insurance to all citizens. I mean, she very well could understand that and is just playing politics. But that's nit really any better in my view. Kind of worse to be smart enough to manipulate the views of other people.
Congress. Yes, having government employees in charge of their own wages and funding isn't a very efficient system. But that's true of every governmental position, so I don't really see a path forward. It's more so where the funds come from. Government coffers collected from tax payers. I mean, if you reject congressmen from voting for their own health care benefits, you should also oppose all employees having that power. So it kind of goes against the idea of the socialistic aspect of employees owning the means of production. So I'm more so just trying to figure out the mentality here.
Our system is shit because insurance companies collude with health care providers and price fix to price indvoduals out of the marketplace. It's not a good market economy when you have "customers" (insurance companies) desiring **higher prices**. They want to creat a system where their service is viewed as a neccessity. Thwy have become a gatekeeper where tou need their "subscription service" to get access to anything resembling a market based price. Single payer doesn't simply solve that though. They will be a gatekeeper just as insurance companies are. They work in other countries due to price setting. Which yes, creates more affordable options. But it also creates a financial disincentive for supply. Supply of doctors, medication, medical equipment, hospitals, R&amp;D. These other countries also **benefit** from the current system we have. So if we transition to a single payer system as well, their own systems weaken. Have you considered that there are other options beyond full blown single payer and the current shit we have to deal with? More options than "Medicare for all"? I would prefer governmental catestrophic health care coverage (yoy know, have insurance actually cover the unknown). And have known services purchased directly from health care providers (which can be subsidized, but would simply inflate prices). There is no reason a man should have "coverage" for maternity care. We should simply pay directly for care when people request it. There is **financial waste** in providing "coverage" for things that don't involve risk. Employee provided insurance simply inflates prices, as it artifically inflates what the market can truly bare. It's also why having insurance cover all care, inflates prices, because they have deeper pockets and a much lower chance of defaulting on their debts owed, than the market of individuals consumers. Our system is shit. All I was pointing out here is that Cortez's comment is poor. It simply feeds a political narrative without truly making a valid argument. I'd love a discussion about the issues with our health cate system. Her comment is simply dumb by providing notjing of subtance for that discussion. You don't have to back everything she says, just because you may support her goals. Sometimes the shit that comes out of people's mouth is non-sense. Evaluate the single event, don't try to take offense to something larger.
Government provides pensions to many public employees. I want a pension as well!
Non-Aggression Principle? Isn't that a principle to ensure safety while limiting freedom?
2nd definitely. Also 10th, great smile
While that's all correct, you're simply pointing out that scientific classifications have outliers. So we either continue operating with science or simply throw it all out the window. When deciding biological sex scientifically, it seems it's done on the basis of chromosomes, with genitalia as reinforcement. And then even other primary and secondary sexual characteristics. Where a person is "male" is they share the characteristics normally associated with that group. That's just the way is. We've defined a male and female group. Yes, the boundaries get a bit fuzzy, but it's still a structure. Now can you tell me what the "female gender" means? Hiw does one belong to such a group? And if a single person simply gets to claim access on any basis, how can such a structure exist? What's it's purpose? Trans people are scientific outliers. A trans woman is a biological male (using analysis from above) that simply believes they belong to the female group, for any assortment of reasons. A person can have XY chromosomes and a penis, but also have breasts, wide hips, and feminine tendencies while enjoy female companionship more, wearing dresses and high heels, etc. and still believe they are a man. So there isn't a metric of a trans person sharing a certain trait of the sex they wish to associated with, it's just their desire to do so. So what's the scientific basis of gender? What does it truly stand for? How do I belong to one gender rather than another? Define it for me. It needs some definition for barriers between the genders to exist. Can you name a social group you simply get to claim access to without people refuting your "membership"?
&gt; But it should all go into one pot and every candidate gets an equal amount of money to spend on their campaign. Ah, so I donate to the candidate that represents me, and then the Nazi/racist/etc. candidate gets the same share. So I get to donate $1,000, but then the only candidate I like gets $100, while the nine other candidates that I oppose get to spread a message with the other $900. I've just provided more funding to what I oppose than what I support. ...I don't fucking understand how people can support this idea.
Campaign contributions are already a matter of public record. Corporations are progivited from making camapign donations. Where they spend their money is on Super PACs, who can only make independent political expenditures. You're trying to throw more money at the situation as to weaken the percentage effect that is made up of "special interest groups". But they may simply spend more in response. Or we may not really even see a change in outcome, as candidates/positions wouldn't even be altered. But disregard that, here's why I oppose public campaign financing. Pulling from a previous comment... &gt; Ah, so I donate to the candidate that represents me, and then the Nazi/racist/etc. candidate gets the same share. &gt; So I get to donate $1,000, but then the only candidate I like gets $100, while the nine other candidates that I oppose get to spread a message with the other $900. I've just provided more funding to what I oppose than what I support. ...**That's** what isn't to like about this.
Congrats. You found an article that simply shares your opinion so you get to express what is purely your own opinion, but gets around the rule of not being allowed to simply post a topic about your opinion.
Because I believe in a God. I believe in his spirit, his creation, and his message. Just as someone may stand with a philosopher/parent/friend/etc. that helps guide their beliefs about the world and shapes their morals, I have a God (along with plenty of other sources as well). Maybe you can help me. I don't really know anyone that doesn't idolize and have faith in a message that can't claim to be an almighty truth. Replace God with "idol", and we all seem to be religious.
I'm going to make a few arguments... Taxes Are you factoring in sales, income, &amp; payroll taxes? These are acts of government increasing what a "livable wage" would actually be. When you desire a specific amount for an employer to pay, are you evaluating what they actually pay or what an individual employee actually receives? Because if your argument is against an employer, why should what government takes from them and takes from an employee be a hit on the employer? I mean, simply with payroll taxes, that's a 15.3% reduction in wages made by government. Is that something the employer needs to make up, or can we criticize government for that portion? Welfare If you believe that an employer should simply be "providing a livable standard", then is it okay for an employer to factor in government benefits? For example, if I'm an employer and know you would receive $3 in benefits, can I use that to conclude that I can pay you $12 to reach a $15 "livable wage"? I mean, if I have to factor in what other things cost, why shouldn't I also be able to factor in your other sources of income? ...That brings me to my 3rd argument... Cost of Living Why should your wage be based upon the cost of living? Why should your employer need to factor in the costs of goods *they have control over*, when determining how much to compensate you? If I own an electronics store, and the housing market doubles in price, why must I now raise the wages I pay? If tuition prices increase due to government intervention in easy to obtain loans, why should I have to increase my wages? You're allowing a system where it's effectively a tax on corporations when other businesses raise prices. You're requiring I pay more, just because other markets outside of my control decide to change. And that includes even when government gets involved and incentivizes higher prices. So you now have corporations paying for the mistakes of government. That's effectively the same point as the "taxes" argument, where an employer is somehow responsible for what others take from an individual. Corporatism Mandating a "livable wage" will only move us closer to massive corporations running everything. It's a greater barrier to entry. It weakens small businesses, thus actually benefits large corporations. Places such as Costco, take advantage of their wholesaler position to offer "livable wages". Larhe companies with large market share are the one's in the position to be able to afford such an increase. You've simply added the amount of time it would take a small business to turn a profit. That's a disincentive now to even attempting such. If you're only concern was a "livable wage", this isn't an argument against that. But I think you may have other desires where such a consequence should be considered.
Russia didn't "interfer", there were comments made from sources that had Russian based email addresses. They "interfered", just as much as anyone else did by making a comment. The source of the comments do not matter. It has no impact on anything. The comments are to be reviewed for compelling arguments. That's it.
1. You can't assess support for an issue from a comment section made up of a "tell us how you feel". The majority of comments will be in opposition. More people will voice "I disagree" than take an active step to say "I agree". 2. Pai didn't introduce rules. He removed the Title II classification, which removed the authority the FCC had to enforce the Net Neutrality rules made under the previous FCC.
&gt; The comments are meant to be gauging the opinion of the American public No, it isn't. It's meant as a way for the public to make a compelling argument to an unelected federal committee. It's a way to hear their opinions, not gauge them. It's not a democratic process at all. The decision still fully lies on the FCC commissioners. These comments have to be read, but that doesn't mean they are required to have any impact. It's simply not a good way of achieving a representative sample. First rule of statsitical analysis, "Random Sample". If your sample isn't random, then it's not going to be representative. If you wanted to gauge public opinion you'd take an un-biased survey with a random sample. You don't allow the sample to self select. People are more likely to voice their opinion in opposition to something, than support for the status quo.
&gt; No the point of the comments session is to give the public a voice to agree or disagree and that's supposed to be taken into account so there is public feedback in the government. No, it isn't. It's meant as a way for the public to make a compelling argument to an unelected federal committee. It's a way to hear their opinions, not gauge them. It's not a democratic process at all. The decision still fully lies on the FCC commissioners. These comments have to be read, but that doesn't mean they are required to have any sort of impact. &gt; Have non citizens create fake accounts and stolen identities to screw with the positive/negative ratio 100% matters. **The positive/negative ratio doesn't matter.** And to use such is bad science. It's an unrepresentative statistical sample. It's simply not a good way of achieving a representative sample. First rule of statsitical analysis, "Random Sample". If your sample isn't random, then it's not going to be representative. If you wanted to gauge public opinion you'd take an un-biased survey with a random sample. You don't allow the sample to self select. People are more likely to voice their opinion in opposition to something, than support for the status quo. &gt; It was used as justification for public support before the vote. It was used as public justification (as in, pronounced reasoning, not specifically what the real reason was), and for that Ajit Pai is a moron. Especially because the numbers *didn't* back him up. **That's** what people should have attacked him for. What I attacked him for. He's playing political games like they all do. What this sub is trying to do now. Both blaming Russia for "interference" as well as blaming Pai for making this up while commiting his own form of "illegal interference". It's just go fucking idiotic. I hate the nature of politics.
Do i see a difference between the comments of "Duh net neutrality is bad" made from Russian goventment bots and "Duh Net Neutrality is good" made by organic comments from real indviduals? No. They are both useless. And just to reiterate once again... &gt; It's meant as a way for the public to make a compelling argument to an unelected federal committee. It's a way to hear their opinions, not gauge them. It's not a democratic process at all. The decision still fully lies on the FCC commissioners. These comments have to be read, but that doesn't mean they are required to have any impact. &gt; It's simply not a good way of achieving a representative sample. First rule of statsitical analysis, "Random Sample". If your sample isn't random, then it's not going to be representative. If you wanted to gauge public opinion you'd take an un-biased survey with a random sample. You don't allow the sample to self select. People are more likely to voice their opinion in opposition to something, than support for the status quo.
He used the ratio (poorly and incorrectly) to *vocally* justify his decision. He used it as political leverage. "See, the public agrees with me as well". But his *actual reasoning* didn't involve that agreement. He made up his mind and the simply used the comment ratio as a reason to further justify it *to the public*. He already had to distort the results to say what he wanted. **Just as people in this sub** are trying to use the ratio of comments as justification against Pai's decision, it's stupid reasoning. It's anti-scientific. But it's just rhetoric. It was an attempt to influence the public, not his own decision. That's a politician for you. The case here is even less negative than normal politicians. He doesn't need to influence the public. He can simply vote how he desires. The vote would have turned out the same. If the support comments didn't exist, nothing would habe changed. *That's* the "facts".
&gt; , if a public vote was held that said they're cool with toxic waste in their drinking water that will change the outcome of the reputation and ramifications for the company. And I would view a vote a but differently than a comment period. There is a difference between "what's you opinion on this issue?" and "this is the plan, please comment". The first you'll have people from both sides, while the second really only encourages opposition. Again, it goes back to it not at all being a representstive sample. So the ratio is pointless to begin with. It's not that he's ignoring strong opposition, it's the fact that the collection of comments can easily be dismissed as not being representative. &gt; Courts and politics do not operate on facts, they operate on spin and justification. Agreed. But that's also why I think this whole issue is far more political than just Pai is making it to be. I personally support Net Neutrality. I want it enforced. But I also don't desire Title II classification. As it doesn't require enforcement (any FCC can simply choose not to enforce NN rules) and it gives the FCC much more authority than they need to enforce NN. But Democrats have spun the whole idea of Net Neutrality as now encompassing Title II because they know they can't do jack shit through congress, and would rather take the easy power grab through the FCC themselves. And Republicans treat them the same because they don't want either. During the comment period I sent in my own comment. Support to keep Title II, but for Pai to encourage a Republican majority congress to pass Net Neutrality legislation, *and then* Pai could remove Title II. But it's all too partisan now. Democrats in congress now wouldn't even take that deal as they want the extra authroity that comes from Title II. So it kind of irritates me how much they continue to conflate the two for thwir own motivation. That somehow support for Net Neutrality should also mean you support using all these other authorities.
Okay, you want to clarify what you were trying to say then?
What trap is that? Why do people think it's impossible to dislike the two political parties almost equally when everything is considered?
&gt; One side wants universal heath care, the other says "Fuck you, die if you can't affort to live." I don't think that's an accurate portrail of the Republican Side. You stated a plan for one side, and an assumed motive of another. I shouldn't have to explain why that isn't fair representation. But in any case, it's possible to dislike both our current health care market as well as universal health care. &gt; Then there's fear-mongering, race-baiting, outright denying facts Plenty on both sides. Do you not think "Dah the 1%", "The right hates women", "Trump is a facist", etc. is fear-mongering? I'm just trying to understand what you accept as justifiable fear. You're just discussing politicians/media outlets/etc. and the rhetoric that is used to control the moronic populace. Who's not partaking in that? &gt; These things can be factually demonstrated. Let me know if you want to get into the specific data points. Yes, I'd like to get into "specific data points". I hope you can present items from both sides on every single issue. Not simply cherry picking issues that paint one side as better than another. Again, it's not about showing me the bad things from a certain side. It's about showing me that I should agree with a particular side. And not just on rhetoric, but the policy they push. I dislike both sides. Convince me on why I should support one over the other.
Let's start by dissecting your own point. 1. Again, you attribute motive. Why do Republicans oppose the ACA? You concluded it's **because** ("why?") it's been proven to be economically viable and will prevent bankruptcies. If you want to have a conversation about rhetoric and policy, stop presenting the rhetoric as a factual statement. 2. Read your own source. That 643,000 number, bankruptcies due to medical costs, is in question among even those that do research on the topic. 3. Medical costs still exist with the ACA. How are you making a conclusion that the ACA would prevent all those bankruptcies? If a person filed bankruptcy, but still had over $1,000 in medical costs or missed more than two weeks of work due to medical status, then they would still be classified as medical bankruptcies according to this same research. Please, back up your claim. 4. You point out one potential benefits of the ACA, and that's suppose to mean no one can oppose it on other grounds? Your "benefit" is a negative to me because I oppose the ACA, so we are already off to a terrible start. Let me provide you a couple reasons before you start proclaiming I want people to die. 4A. It revokes a tax penalty for those that purchase a product from a private seller. You want to discuss corporatism, as many on the left do? This is a great example. The government has created an incentive for you to purchase a particular product. As an insurance provider, they now have basically government mandated customers. 4B. Goes along with A, the ACA has basically required us all to buy into a terrible system. Our health care market is fucking terrible. Prices are out of control due to collusion because insurance providers and health care providers pricing individual consumers out of the market place. And now we're "required" to purchase the product at this inflated prices? Fuck that. Health care is now even more intertwined with employment, as that's been a requirement on businesses with enough employees. Fuck that. 4C. A percentage profit cap. Obama introduced this as a way to cut down on insurance companies profits. But all it did was encourage higher prices. Because it you can only take in 20% of what individuals pay as profit, you want indviduals to be paying more. It's a fucking economic illiterate policy. 4D. Certainly mandating people are covered by insurance is going to increase those that are covered. And that helps certain people. But it did nothing to address costs. There is no future with the ACA. It needs to be replaced. I've heard plenty of supporters of universal health care (those on the left, some of whom are Democrats) saying that the ACA was meant to make our system fail, and thus encourage a massive change to the system. I agree with them, although I'd favor a different type of change. The "Democrat equivalent" is your own statement. The assumption of bad motives. Lying with statistics. And just an overall perception that your view is the only moral one. Continue if you want, but I'm starting to doubt I'll get anything out of this conversation.
If she doesn't like who's funding the event, why did she go? Why is she partaking?
Because people want partisan politics where their "side" must always vote a certain way.
Not an "industry", but one that comes to mind just because I looked it up recently, the PAC of Major League Baseball. https://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/pacgot.php?cycle=2018&amp;cmte=C00368142 &gt; Why do you think the only side with politicians not accepting PAC money is the dems? Because they like to virtue signal? Corporations are prohibited from donating to PACs. It simply consists of money raised by individuals. PACs are also limited in making cmapaign donations in the amount of $5,000. That means simply two individuals could donate more than a single PAC. So I'm not underatand their supposed influence.
And back in 1938 is was less than $5, inflation adjusted. What's your point?
Well r/politics was making a big deal about it about a week ago. I don't really going researching unless someone's claiming something. So that just happens to be my example currently.
No. It was simply called an "orientation". It wasn't part of her job at all. Read the article.
It's the movement, not simply the light. And plenty of dogs won't "decimate" things they try to grab. Here we have a Golden that is basically "booping" the light. Nothing bad is going to come from that.
&gt; Many dogs continue looking for the light beam after the laser pointer has been put away; this is confusing for your dog because the prey has simply disappeared. Easy solution. Just move their focus to something else. Play with the laser and then just move to another toy, give them a treat, or just pull them into a hug. They'll shift focus.
No. He's saying if you promote a particular view, you are a propaganda site, not a news site. Most "news media" is just propaganda It's fine for those to exist, but viewers should acknowledge that and not simply take propaganda as being factual.
&gt; It's not something they choose, it's an inextricable part of their personality. Okay "choice" was the wrong term. What I mean is, how do you leave access to a group up to the individual to decide? What does it take to be "female" using gender identity? There's nothing anyone else can evaluate besides the individual making the claim. And I just don't see the point of different groups, if there isn't some defining metric to differentiate them from one another. &gt; Allowing trans people to use the bathroom that fits their gender identity is simply giving the class of people equal rights and protections. NO. You're simply trying to shift **how** we discriminate. Currently it's more so based on outward observable sexual characteristics (both primary and secondary) normally associated with a particular sex. What you desire is to instead discriminate based upon a difference in gender identity. And I'm asking why that is more preferable. **What is the point of separating people based upon gender identity?** This isn't about "equal rights". This is about changing how society is separating people for bathroom/lockerroom access. Make an argument for why gender identity is a better metric. **I mean, why should a cis male not be able to use the female bathroom, or vis versa? What's the argument you would lay out for that? Is it based on what that cis male believes about himself or how the females perceive the cis male to be?** I want a dialogue on this issue.
Can you tell me a distinction between the male and female gender? What do those terms even mean? If you can't provide something that makes them distinct, why do they exist? What is their purpose? This goes to the heart of the issue, forget bathroom access. Just tell me what gender identity actually meanss? If I identify as a man, what does that mean? How do I know when I'm correct in my own accessment? We can be mislead to believe wrong things even about ourselves. So there needs to be some type of metric that can at least tell me if I'm correct in my own assessment, right? I just don't understand how a difference between the male and female gender exists. A transgender male can still desire "male" sexual characteristics. He can still desire masculine activities. He can still have a hormonal balance more so associated with males. Science bases their defintion of sex based upon observations and group designations. There aren't "male" sexual characteristics, there are sexual characteristics that are normally associated with the "male" group. Transgender people are simply outliers when it comes to this. If you want a new metric of gender to be used, please tell me what it means. What's the distinction between the genders? And how do we discuss two, when others discuss there being 60+ genders? If I'm gender #45, do I belong to gender #1 or #2 while it currently stands at only to different bathrooms? Will we start requiring 60+ different bathrooms? I don't ask that as a "slippery slope" gotcha, I simply need an explanation on why that wouldn't/shouldn't occur. Because I'm just so entitely lost one what "gender identity" even means. Please help me understand it. I understand the basis of people not feeling they belong to a group that they have been placed in. But I need help in understanding the new defining differences between social groups people wish to know use. In sociaety you don't just get to demand compliance, you need people to understand what you want them to transition to.
I guess you could say that. &gt; information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view. &gt; Propaganda is information that is not objective and is used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda, often by presenting facts selectively to encourage a particular synthesis or perception, or using loaded language to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information that is presented. I tend to leave the term for larger influencers than your basic redditor, but I guess you could make the conclusion that all opinions are propaganda of that person's point of view. I'd content a bit that I'm not really furthering an agenda, just trying to explain what another person said, but whatever.
&gt; It should only be the individual making the claim that is necessary. Then *what's the point*? What does a division of bathroom access on the basis of gender identity do? For society? What's the division for? A cis male should be able to enter a female bathroom, under your rationale. But we aren't accepting that at the moment. So we should acknowledge what is socially going on for why the division exists. &gt; Nobody is trying to stop **you** from using the bathroom you identify with. They are stopping me from using the bathroom of my choice. I'm limited to one, my opinion of which I'd prefer to use doesn't matter. Do I prefer being surrounded by penises while in the male lockerroom? Not really. Do I want to watch the old man drying off his balls with a hand air dryer? No. **Why should I have to use the bathroom of the gender I identify with? What's my desire to do so? Why are *you* trying to make an association of bathroom access and gender identity?** &gt; Since gender identity isn't a choice, we shouldn't try to control it just because the person might be lying. No one is trying to control it. It's simply about what metric we are using for bathroom access. Sex and gender identity are different, right? So why is it terrible to discriminate based on sex rather than discriminating based on gender identity? Just tell me, why is gender identity the preferable choice? &gt; So honestly I really just think the bathroom issue should be dropped as a dialogue. Weird how you say this, and the immediately follow it up with... &gt; When gender identity is added to the civil rights act, we can all move on The dialogue is a big issue in the pursuit of such a change.
PICK 2 (RB &amp; FLEX) - 1.0 PPR * P. Lindsay - DEN * J. Wilson Jr. - SF * T. Cohen CHI * J. Samuels - PIT
Seriously. He "testified" about his view on the perception that society has towards Trump? That's not what a testimony is.
&gt; It is just a weird semi-democratic system where we make some votes worth more than other. No. Every vote is the same. Every elector has one vote. Remember, citizens don't vote for the presidency, electors do. The electoral college's "purpose" is for the **states**, *not the people*, to have a say in the leader of the federal government. We are a nation of states, not simply one collective under one government.
I'm quite sick of the support for Ranked Voting. It fucking sucks, your example spotlighting only one issue. It fails way too many critetia that people should be finding preferable. Listen people, if you want change, you don't need to jump on the first offered alternative. You can do your own research and attempt to promote your own desire.
As a supporter of Score (Range) Voting muself, how would you convince me that STAR is superior?
Haha. Look at the score tracker at the bottom. The moment MIA scores, it presents this game with "End 4th" with Dolphins with a losing score of 28.
All approval takes is the same exact ballots, but allow more than one choice to register. The scanners already check for multiple. So rather than it coming up as error, it's simply allowed and tracked. And again, I think "support", simply comes from desiring change. Present a different solution and the same people would still support it. And Ranked voting itself is barely in existence. I'm trying to nip it in the bud before it becomes too expansive. I detest how one proposed solution gets popular and that's all people can focus on. I don't really desire policy being determined that way, on any issue. "But people support it" is not at all a convincing statement to me for an effective policy.
I'm not sure what you are trying to say here. You think my "more" in the wrong should be "fully" in the wrong?
&gt; No we're a nation of people not states Disagree. I'd say that's a pretty decent defining metric between political ideologies on the basis of federal government control. Those that want the nation to decide policy, favor more federal conyrol. Those that want states to decide, favor more local control. I'll admit that we have definitely moved a lot more to the federal control side over the centuries, but that doesn't mean people still can't fight against it. ... Electors still vote. It's simply that states have choosen to allow political parties to decide those electors. And then most states choose the electors all from the one party that receives the most votes from citizens in a "winner take all" fashion. And about half of the states have laws on the books that require electors to vote according to that popular vote. If such laws are constitutional, is still up for debate. It's the states that have choosen this. If a state wanted to appoint electors and simply prohibit citizens from voting for the presidency, they could do so. I'd personally like to keep the EC, but get rid of "winner take all". Where the citizens of each district would determine how the elector representing that district should vote. Also increase the amount of members in the house of representatives, thus increasing the number of electors.
I mean the tough things are Packers winning out and SEA or MIN losing 3 of 4. Our fate basically lies on two teams. That's a much better position than we have any right to be in.
It's not like ranked at all. You "rate" each candidate on a scale, you aren't limited in having to choose one as being preferable to another. And you get a say in *how much* more prerable a choice is to another. It also passes three big critetia that rank voting fails, [Participation](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Participation_criterion), [Consistency](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consistency_criterion), and [Reversal Symmetry](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reversal_symmetry).
Oh. So instead of a tiny bonfire being portrayed as fire engulfing the streets, it was a medium sized bonfire. ... While I agree it's wrong to use comparison pics from two different occasions, the pictures you provide doesn't really say anything better about how the media sets narratives with images.
And this article misquotes AOC. Her tweet... &gt; Double standards are Paul Ryan being elected at 28 and immediately being given the benefit of his ill-considered policies considered genius... The conversation here about Ryan is about his actions, not him as a person. So it seems the comparison does actually apply.
You can train a dog not to go after packaged food within their reach. Hell, I can leave a bag of chips on the coffee table while I'm away at work and my dog won't try to eat it.
Why doesn't this sub simply just allow users to make posts stating their opinion, rathering than having to find some "MSNBC guest" that supports their own view before positing it? I mean, what's really the point of the limitation at this point?
&gt; an era where people are being encouraged not to believe that which is plainly reality. This isn't a new phenomenon, but I agree with the sentiment.
What's up with all these aww posts from "Jukin Video/Media"?
Yes. I've yet to hear someone explain to me what gender identity actually means. What's the test to determine if I'm male ir female? What's the test to say I'm neither? Under gender identity "theory" (for lack of a better term) a female can have all the sexual characteristics/chromosomes/hormones normally associated with the male sex, can be masculine, can abide by every male gender stereo type, etc.. So what exactly is the point of the group definition? If female (or male) doesn't actually even mean anything, why use it? I understand a desire to say "I don't belong to a group" that society has dictated to mean something. That I don't want that definition to be defining me. But it must mean something if you're denying you belong. So I'd love to have someone explain to me what the genders mean. Additionally, it's still a person saying they don't belong for a particular reason. The rest of society is pretty much free to define your how they wish. That's the entire purpose of pronouns. You have a name. To have additional descriptors is a way for you to be classified among society.
It's not "misgendering". It's calling someone the *sex* they are. Gender and sex are different, right? So there is no issue calling someone the female sex, while they identify as male in gender. Otherwise you are attempting to say they are the same thing. Additionally, the entire point of descriptors such as sex or gender are to classify people. You as an indvidual have a name. That's your individual marker. Every other lanaguage descriptor is for the purpose of group designation, since we as humans operate with a "classification" mind set. The descriptors are for society, not any one individual. So it doesn't really matter what you want to be classified under, it matters what society classifies you as. If you determine I'm an asshole based on some metric, I don't simply get to offer another metric and force you to label me differently. You get to call me an asshole based on your definition of what an asshole is. If I believe I'm not an asshole, that really has no affect on your conclusion, right?
Because pronouns aren't for individual use, they are classifications for society to use. You being "male" means nothing if society didn't recognize it as something. You being "non-binary" is an attempt to say "I don't belong to this group that society has defined". Well tough shit, that's the entire point of the terms. It's like refusing that you can be called an asshole for acting in a way that society would call you an asshole for partaking in. Society defines a term. Society uses it. Just because you personally don't think you fall under that label has no impact on anything.
Because it draws in more viewers. It's entertainment, not news. Lots of people enjoy watching who they oppose get "owned". Or even if not attacked, it's enjoyable to lisyen to someone and think "ha, they are a fucking idiot". It's why Trump gets so much coverage.
Actual Conservative: "Education is important, but our public schools are faling us. We spend more than other countries as they produce much better results than us. Teachers should be paid more as to encourage good teachers, but the tax payer doesn't need to be paying more. We should address the waste in administration and the public sector unions that are obligated to protect bad teachers."
Unions as a practice of voluntary collective bargaining to create better leverage in negotiations, helped produce that. We also needed politicians to enact such laws, so the public support was there as well. But unions as they stand today are almost 100% exclusive bargaining representatives. Where they simply need a majority vote from a labor force to be able to take away the bargaining ability from *all* employees. Where we have laws that don't allow another union to compete against this "exclusive" representative. Other countries with unions operate without this exclusivity allowing individuals to bargain for themselves and allow unions to compete against one another. Why must we continue to protect this practice?
The craziest part about that would the Democrat Party allowing Trump to run under their party.
Two points 1. Corporations are prohibited from donating to political campaigns. The numbets people like to use from such sources as open secrets are from employees of those corporations and their immediate family. 2. It's not simply "corruption" any time someone votes against what you desire. It's even possible to support Net Neutrality, but be opposed to Title II classification of ISPs (which is what this is really about).
&gt; The headline is extremely disingenuous. It's identity/partisan politics. It's a statement of "if you are a Democrat, you must support this." It's an attempt at shaming Democrats coming from other Democrats/Progressives. These people believe Republicans are already a lost cause. So they want to bully those that they think they can control.
It's not a "smear piece". It's an application of patisan/identity politics. It's an attempt to bully these people to believe into supporting something. Its Democrats demanding that *all* Democrats vote a certain way.
&gt; Rather, this is about trying to understand oneself, and what is going on in our brains. If you're saying it's a self-esteem issue, I'll agree. But then one shouldn't be demanding of how others define them. If gender is subjective, then its subjective to the person using the terms to descrive someone else as well. So my point here is that one doesn't get to make an objective claim about their gender to others, because, as you stated, it is subjective. &gt; The medical community is still in its infancy when it comes to understanding gender due to a lot of factors, namely the fact that it was seen as a medical disorder needing to be cured. The medical community labels everything that isn't "normal", as a medical disorder/illness. Example, Social Anxiety is only an issue because of the way our society is structured. "Mental disorders are usually defined by a combination of how a person behaves, feels, perceives, or thinks.". It's always been subjectively based. Gender Dysphoria is a mental disorder under DSM-5. &gt; and as such there is no single test that will determine one's gender identity, just like there is no single test to see whether you have depression or not. **I'm not asking for a single test. I'm asking for any tests being used. Name *one* thing that would determine I'm more female than male, on just that aspect, not overall. And that's not really a fair comparison, as depression is a condition, where gender identity is the broad term where the specific genders would be the "condition". So as there are tests to at least test for depression, there needs to be tests to test for a specific gender. Can you name a single one? That's what I want. I want a single test, of many millions that could exist, that could tell me I'm more so one gender than another.** IF IT IS COMPLETELY SUBJECTIVE, THEN YOU CAN'T DEMAND OTHERS ACCEPT YOUR OWN DEFINITION ABOVE THEIR OWN. THAT'S MY POINT HERE. I ask this because I'm currently under the impression that nothing does define your gender. You can have a penis, be masculine, conform to all male stereotypes, and still identify as female. So I'm asking what identifying as female actually means. If your going to use a term, it needs to mean something. So what does it mean? &gt; As such, its common courtesy to refer to someone with pronouns or "definitions" they identify with. Why? Let's say I have a definition of what an asshole is. If you believe your assholish behavior (under my definition) should actually be defined under the term "good moral person", can I continue to use my term or must I adopt your term to be "courteous"? I mean, personally, I like to avoid confrontations. So more than likely I'll be "courteous" and call them the pronoun they wish. But I have no desire to get others to abide. &gt; Segmenting a group of people up leads to "othering", which leads to miscommunication and failure of civil discourse, which leads to fear and violence. That's tribalism. It's natural to the human condition. There is mental processes that seek to classify. It helps us in understanding, learning, memory recall, etc.. Yes, that can lead to bad things as well, but it's not intrinsically the negative you like to paint it as. It's possible to acknowledge what is occuring, and operate around it when necessary. &gt; I think that we don't HAVE to classify people and we shouldn't. I just don't see us moving beyond our group identities. Hell, just look at American politics. "Women who are pro-life hate their own sex". "The poor are lazy". "White men are priveledged". "Mexicans are criminals". "Democrat/Republican candidates who don't vote how I wish are corrupt". "Minorities must vote Democrat". It's all based on assumptions of their identity, not the individual themself. People like to define others into a group, and they like to belong to a group as well (as you've already stated before). So how does your own recognition that people seek to "belong" to certain groups, align with you not believing we need to classify?
&gt; Mainstream news pieces are constantly seeking the mythical "middleground" so that they can claim neutrality. No they aren't.... &gt; Putting Mr. "the bible is the literal truth of the universe" next to a research scientist with decades of experience and multiple papers detailing peer-reviewed evidence isnt a 50/50 issue. Perfect example. They put up someone that their viewers can laugh at. They don't do it to be "neutral", they do it to draw viewers on the basis of "Haha, look at this idiot. Must share this content to others." It's entertainment, not news. You admit this in your comment earlier... &gt; Controversy gets people to watch. People are drawn to conflict. They're more likely to watch people shouting at each other than a presentation of complicated facts and figures. They don't give a shit about "neutrality", they have a base of viewers and abide by their preconceptions. Give the viewer what they want. &gt; Their bias is towards making money. Exactly. Lots of money to be made by reinforcing opinions as truth. &gt; Fox takes a different approach and just lets the crazy person spread their insane opinions without any rebuttal at all. While I disagree with that, I'll address it as if it were true. It appears their viewers like confirmation bias from sources that agree with them, while others that seek news from other sources enjoy having a poor representative of an opposing view to laugh at to reinforce their own opinions. You act like that's somehow better. I think all news media, including fox news, does that. ... I've read your other comments in this specific thread. You make way too many assumptions of those you disagree with. And **that's** exactly the reason why I view the media as biased, as they participate in the same thing.
Interjecting myself in here... &gt; Howso? I have asserted that the mainstream media has a progressive bias. You have now agreed. Exactly. If doesn't matter what they believe, it matters what they express and spread. Same with Politicians. It doesn't matter what they believe, it matters what they express and the ideas they spread. The "mainstream media" has a progressive bias. It doesn't matter why, it matters that they do. It doesn't matter what the entity truly believes, it matters what they express as the "news" and the ideas they promote. (I've really enjoyed the dialog between you two)
Honestly, can you share some things he has said that you believe aren't? I'm mainly curious just to know of certain things he's said that I would disagree with as well.
Not one test that answers everything, but a single point that would help in defining that you may fall into a specific "condition". There are plenty of "tests" for depression. The symptoms. Look up "depression symptoms", there are multiple to be seen. Why did you even sense you may have depression? There must have been something that keeps it distict from not being depressed. I want a single symptom of being a specific sex. That if I feel or believe a certain thing, that it would be a sign of a symptom of a specific sex. I understand that a complete diagnosis isn't always correct. I just want a single symptom that would make me even consider that I'm a specific sex. ... I'm applying intellectual logic because I want to understand what people want me to believe. There needs to be some type of basis, some sort of structure, if you want me to change what I believe. You can't just tell a person "believe this to be nice". You need to present something for them to rationalize it themselves. The belief still needs to "make sense" under their word view. So I need a foundation to pull my new understanding from. I'm trying to empathize, by trying to understand. Your "imagine being called the opposite sex" example is a play to emotion and not what I'm asking. I understand that these people suffer when being, what they believe to be, miscategorized. I'm asking what **it means** to be a specifc gender under gender identity. Here is why it's important to understand that. It could be a self-esteem issue. It could be something we should be changing about the individual person, not society as a whole. Maybe we need to help change their own perceptions, not everyone else among society. If schizophrenics don't have morals, maybe we should drop all our morals to "empathize". Or maybe we should treat them as the outliers in the society we want to live in. I used social anxiety as an example ith how it matters how "society is structured", because if we didn't require the social interactions we do today, there would be less people that suffer from what is diagnosed as social anxiety. If you lived in a secluded tribe of 10 people, rather than in a large city of millions of people, you'd have less of a chance of having social anxiety. Because its largely based on outside stimuli. Remove the stimuli, and you can resolve the issue. But society isn't attempting to do that. They instead drug these people to numb their thoughts and stimuli other parts of their brain as to better fit among the society the rest of us want to live in.
And they are. Corporations are still prohibited from donating to political campaigns. Citizens United only dealt with Independent Political Expenditures. Ruling on the basis of "associations of individuals" having the same rights as individuals, and that a corporation is an association, therefore corporations can donate unlimitedly to Super PACs just as individuals can. I don't want Citizens United overturned. I want corporations to not be viewed as "associations of individuals" when it comes to the matter of speech. Corporate Treasury funds don't consist of money raised in a way to promote collective speech. It's a byproduct of an exchange of goods and services.
&gt; Transgender women *are* women, How are we defining "women"? Please tell me. What metric are we using? If you are using gender identity, is it wrong to use biological sex? Transgender women identify as women, but that doesn't make them women to the rest of society. But anyway, we are discussing sexual attraction. And that's based on sexual characteristics. Being heterosexual means being sexual attracted to someone with the sexual characteristics *normally associated* with the opposite sex. A male isn't suddenly gay the moment a bioligical female determines they are a trans male. If we are going to start allowing anyone to define their own gender, then maybe we do we to start differentiating on the basis of sexual characteristics, rather than continue the assumption on such terms as "men" and "women". Although it seems more practical to keep the system that still works 99% of the time, and create a distinction for people that are outliers to such a societal system of language and understanding.
&gt; would be wrong to use biological sex to identify someone who looks, acts, and self-identifies as a sex Hoe does someone look a certain gender? How does someone act a certain gender? How does someone self-identify as a certain gender? Please tell me. What metrics are being used to make such designations? What does it mean to be the female gender? What does it mean to be the male gender? What does it mean to reject both (non-binary)? We're acknowledging there is a distinction, yes? So how are they distinct? What makes them different? Can you name me one thing that would help in assigning myself to one gender over another? What do the terms mean? What's their purpose if they have no meaning? Please. I want to understand this. I need a logical foundation if you want me to accept gender identity designation. Either it's objective, and you can define the differences for me. Or its subjective, in which case you have no standing to require others to adopt the same subjective view. &gt; Nor is a male suddenly gay the moment they realize that the *female* they are attracted to is a trans-woman. Again, sexual orientation is based on sexual characteristics, not "gender". My sexual orientation doesn't changed based on how I identify or how anyone else identifies. But it's possible for a male to be less sexually attracted (not sexual orientation) to someone for the reason of being trans, in either direction. People are less sexually attracted to people all the time for what that person may believe. Let it be religion, politics, or gender identity.
&gt; But it is ***YOUR*** choice. Then the term is meaningless. It has no point in the classification of people. Groups are created to classify like people together. If the metric can be anything, then its impossible to form similar people together. "Female" and "Male" don't actually mean anything, then. So we shouldn't even be using them to define ourselves. What's the purpose with doing such? &gt; Your name isn't an opinion. Your name: the one you answer to, the one you refer to yourself as, is exactly what you say it is. YES, because that is your *individual label*. But everything else (sex, race, even your last name, etc.) are classifications. There is some standard metric to place people into those groups. I'm asking what's the purpose of gender identity? What is it's role? If every individual gets to determine the rules for what classifies, then it's pointless as a codifier. The group distinctions can easily contradict among people. And therefore, there is no point to the designation. If words don't actually have some universally accepted definition, they are meaningless to be used among society. That's my point here. That's what I don't understand. How people can profess gender identity as a thing, but can't define it's terms. If male and female are still two distinct things within gender identity, then you need to tell me what makes them distinct. I need a logical foundation to accept this terminology that people wish for me to adopt. I need to be able to rationalize myself into it. There's no objective truth that 2+2=4, but there is a foundation that numbers actually mean something and are distinct from one another. That the number 7 to me, is a number 7 to you as well. That 8 is a larger number than 7. We need that universally accepted definition to move forward with knowledge and understanding. And I've yet to receive that from those professing "gender identity".
So I seriously need to transition my savings and checking account away from where I am now. What's the proper play here...? * Robinhood - 3% * Capital One 360 Money Market - 2% (have credit card with them) * Barclays - 2.05% (have credit card with them) * Ally Bank - 2% Anyone familiar with the different benefits besides the interest rate?
How quickly would drinking water save someone from dying of dehydration? Is there a point where it would be too late to recover, while still be technically alive?
If we are including "ironically", then there is only one answer, Josie and the Pussycats.
A political party is basically a PAC. It's a group of people that want to sponsor certain candidates. Primaries are held so the party members can throw their collective weight behind one candidate, rather than dispersing their votes across multiple. Some states require you register to a particular party to vote in their primary. This helps to ensure that the members are the ones deciding who will represent their party. Other states simply want as many people to have a voice in an aytempt to get the most voters on board, with a chance of sacrificing party consistency. Politial Parties are effective at getting support (aka votes) behind a single candidate. It's a way of trying to pull people with similar politial desires together and come to a consensus to vote for a particular candidate. Primaries are not at all an actual part of our election process. They are simply events held by the political parties themselves. A candidate that lost a primary, could still run in the main election. But that would be "unethical" to do if you choose to run under the party label.
No it shouldn't. You think a majority of her constituents made their voice known? No, she heard from a small vocal minority and based her decision on that. &gt; But following a charge led primarily by Fight for the Future, a leading pro-net neutrality group, Scanlon said she will sign on to the effort, which she described as purely a symbolic gesture. We like PACs trying to influence politicians now? We like such lobbying? &gt; I’ve had more time to speak with my colleagues on this important issue, including Congressman Mike Doyle who is leading the charge to create legislation to protect Net Neutrality, Yes please. We need a legislative fix. Returning to Title II classification truly solves notbing, as any FCC will still have the ppwer to simply not enforce their own rules. Title II has always been a power grab, giving the FCC much more authority than they need to enforce Net Neutrality. And it lacks any teeth to require Ney Neutrality to he enforced. It's a bad solution for anyone that truly wants NN. Glad to see one Democrat that can understand that. One Democrat that wants NN, rather than the broad regulatory power than Title II grants. Amazing how you all attack the one Democrat that had a different path to the desired end goal to enforce Net Neutrality. That wasn't in lock and step with the rest of the party. You've now gotten her to do something that she sees an meaningless. Congratulations.
Maybe she doesn't want Title II, but desires to legislate Net Neutrality protections?
I've tried to explain to the people in this sub that corporations are prohibited from making campaign donations, multiple times. It ruins the narrative, so they ignore or deny it, they would rather keep people misinformed.
Because there is bi-partisan support to allow companies to hire illegal workers. Both for corporate as well as "altruistic" reasons.
&gt; Our society splits things into genders in a lot of different ways. And much of that is based on an "observable" feature of a sex or a social stereotype. Bathroom separation is for the purpose of a sense of privacy and security. Fashion is designed for specific body figures (bust, hips, etc.) as well as what's to be portrayed (high heels to accentuate height and the butt), and other reasons. Toys are based on a stereo type of what we as a society desire out of the different sexes. Women for example, to raise a family, play with dolls and play "house". (Just acknowledging, not saying I promote). &gt; Women are treated differently than men by businesses, advertisers, employers, friends, family, dates, and even random strangers on the street. Yes, due to observable traits. So why should people now completely disregard that and accept an individual's own self-identity as the classifier? &gt; Transgender women feel like they fall into the category of women, and they want society to put them into the female category of all those things I listed above. And I understand that. What I don't understand is the expectation that the rest of spciety should accept that. Everything you listed above is built on the perceptions of society, not an individual. And I don't think you're completely correct. Someone can identity as female, but still relate to the male stereotypes. &gt; How do YOU determine if someone is a woman or a man? For what purpose? To establish them as a specific sex I'd use chromosomes and genitalia as a reinforcer. To make a *guess* in normal social interaction, I'd use observable traits and behavior. But that just feeds into the stereotypes that people are also fighting. So I don't understand the goal here. &gt; If were running a women-only book club, or if you were a bouncer at a bar and needed to decide who gets in for free on ladies night, or if you worked at a department store and needed to direct customers to the proper section of the store, what would you do? I'd use observable characteristics that normally align with the sex. Body shape, Hair, Facial Structure, Dress, etc.. But a trans female can desire having penis, can desire to dress "like a man", can have a beard, etc.. You're making an assumption that everyone wants to confrom to the stereotypes of the gender they want to associated with. &gt; My point is, why do you need a universally accepted definition? Because I need to know what it means. I'm using obserable characteristics and using a system of stereotypes to make distinctions between the genders. But the sterotypes aren't truths. And I find the same people promoting gender identity, are fighting against these stereotypes. So I need the new metrics we are using to differentiate the genders. That's where I think the disconnect is between you and me is here. I need to know what to do with someone that identifies as male, but may fit all the "female stereotypes". If I need to acknowledge their identity, then I no longer get to use the observable stereotypes. So what metrics are being used to identify as a specific gender, or no gender at all?
&gt; I think you are operating under the assumption that trans women look like men. I am operating under the assumption that trans women look like women. I'm operating under an assumption that trans women can look anyway they desire. You're the one trying to apply gender sterotypes to gender identity. And if this identity is something you are born with, why would stereotypes play a factor? That's my issue here. Sure, getting societal acceptance would be improved by adopting genitalia of the sex you wish to identify with or by adopting the gender norms society has constructed, but one's identity isn't reliant on that. If gender identity matched up with gender stereotypes, then I wouldn't have the issue I'm having here. Because the stereotypes would be the metrics. But that's not the case. You need to start acknowledging that not all trans people want to fit stereotypes, they just want to be accepted into a certain classification. And that's the issue I want addressed. How does an individual claim they belong to a classification when they don't consist of the characteristics that would classify themselves to that group to the rest of society? Classifications exist because we have universally accepted distinctions between the subgroups. They have no purpose if every individual can simply self identify in any way of their choosing.
Because if I was paying people to work, I would stop if they stopped working. It's not up to an employer to fund someone else's income while not contributing anything back. Yes, it sucks to have a job, get sick, and be unable to complete the job, and thus your income disappears. But I'm not going to blame an employer for cutting ties with someone that is no longer contributing to the agreed upon terms. Why does their employer have a higher burden to help them then yourself? Can I blame you for not helping this person? Tell me why you are putting the blame on the employer. What obligation do they have that you don't have?
Are you helping this cancer patient? If not, can I call you an asshole? What obligation does an employer have to pay an employee once they stop working? Isn't the entire exchange based on, "you provide labor, I provide wage"? So what obligation, rather than just an instance of "you should help people in need" as you yourself would be failing to do so as well, does the corporation have to this person? Tell me, why is a corporation responsible for your livelyhood? Why are you putting so much in their hands? Should we just mandate corporations pay people, without even employing them? I mean, they should just be providing benefits to everyone, if it's not based on an exhange of labor. So why restrict this view you hold to prior employees? It should apply to everyone. Start demanding that. If you don't think you can, then please tell me the distinction you are using, as so that isn't the rationale within your worldview. ... We can sympathize. But the question is what obligation does the employer have above everyone else to help provide benefits to someone that is no longer offering their labor? Try sympathizing with the employer. Why should you, as the employer, be required to continue paying this person a wage?
Presidents are normally judged based on their legacy. I don't see how people can claim Trump to be the worst in a comparity manner.
How does limiting the power of his own position for future governors translate to tyranny? Where the laws he passed prior, tyrannical?
This is why I hate Fight for the Future. 1."Big Cable" didn't give her money. Corporations are prohibited from donating to political campaigns. Where these numbers come from is employees of these companies and their immediate family members. Individuals limited in donations to the amount of $2,700, just like everyone else. 2.You don't know what she personally believes. So quite hard to claim she is "selling out". Stop assuming motives of other people. 3.It's possible to be oppose to the CRA for certain reasons while still supporting Net Neutrality. Maybe they support a legislative fix, rather than an FCC designation where any FCC can simply choose not to enforce rules they themselves create. Maybe they oppose Title II classification and believe it gives much more authority to the FCC than is neccessary to enforce Net Neutrality. I'm fucking sick of how uninformed people are on this issue. Edit: One more point, for clarity. 4.This isn't just Net Neutrality issue. The CRA demands that Title II Classification return. It's possible to have such a virw as to support Net Neutrality, but he against Title II. But fight for the future would rather apparently feed the binary choices of our partidan politics than actually promote a message for the cause they actually mention.
How do you know they sold out?
It's Democrats proclaiming Democrats aren't Democrat enough. That's it. It's a partisan demand of "vote with the rest of party, you idiots". That's what's happening.
It's already prohibited. Corporations can not make donations to political campaigns. Where these numbers come from is individual employees of these companies and their immediate family members making individual donations (limited in the amount of $2,700 like every other individual). There's seriously a misinformation campaign to hide that reality from you.
&gt; Who's paying for this? Anyone who donates to Fight for the Future. Maybe people will finally understand how shitty of an organization they are now.
It's been a common practice for decades. Most ISPs have even voiced their support of Net Neutrality (at least for blocking and throttling, not as much for paid prioritization). The issue before us now is that people are trying to impose Title II classifiaction on ISPs which awards the FCC much more authority than they would need to enforce Net Neutrality. I personally support NN. I want it actually legislated. I don't want Title II. But such a nuanced position can't exist in our poralizing politics.
Net Neutrality doesn't prohibit an ISP from throttling your connection. It would only address them not being able to do so discriminately based on content.
Because they are Demorcats demanding that all the Democrats vote as one block. It's partisan politics.
Okay, but could you find a rational argument against Title II, while being supportive of Net Neutrality, since Title II classiciation of ISPs is actually what the CRA addresses? I'll give a few options... * Title II is simply regulatory authority awarded to the FCC. It does nit require the FCC tonenforce any rules. Even if we returned to Title II, any FCC could simply choose to not inforce their own rules. * Title II gives the FCC much more authority than they need to enforce NN. Tom Wheeler even acknowledged this and "promised" that his FCC wouldn't use any extra powers. Well, he's no longer there. And our agencies seem to have a desire to use the authorities they have they power to employ, over time. * Net Neutrality can instead be legislated. As to require the FCC to enforce it. As to specify that it's specifically about Net Neutrality. Hell, ISPs stated their **support** for NN (at least for blocking and throttling, not so much for paid prioritization) as Obama was encouraging Tom Wheeler to employ Title II classification. They feared what Title II gives the FCC to regulate much more than NN.
Because it's fucking idiotic for **insurance** to cover something that is known. Insurance is for mitigation against risk. We can help fund people with pre-existing conditions, but "insurance" should have no role in it. This ruling is fucking idiotic though. I dislike the ACA, but reducing a consititional tax down to zero, doesn't then make it unconstitutional. And it's not just trump supporters. I'm not one. But I do have views that don't align with the Democrat party either.
&gt; Obamacare was more focused on cost controls How so? What cost controls exist? Only "attempt" at one that I know, produced the opposite result. A percentage cap on profits only encourages higher costs. Higher health care costs allow for you to be charged more, which allows insurance companies to make more profit. Its fucking idiotic policy.
Why would you purchase insurance for something that is known? What's the purpose of insurance to you? To me, its to mitigate against risk. But if your already stating that there is care you need, where is that risk assessment? I'd much rather help subsidize these people *outside* of insurance.
I don't want **insurance** to cover pre-existing conditions or "the basics". I need insurance to mitigate the risk of me contracting some harm that needs emergency attention. I want insurance to do what its actually meant to do. It's to mitigate my risk. And also involves the insurance provider assessing my risk. I want to purchase "the basics" direcrly from health care providers. Involving an insurance company is just stupid and wasteful, givin them profit for contributing nothing. For pre-existing condition "coverage", I'd rather seek solutions that don't involve insurance. Such as govenrment subsidies. Or collectives of individuals seeking out specialists and using collective bargaining to leverage down prices. The prior system was shit. The current system is even shittier. And "Medicare for all" does next to nothing to address the issues with our health care system.
The mandate was never there. It was a tax applied to everyone. And then you were awarded a tax exemption if you had insurance. The tax still "applies" to everyone, it's just a zero now. It's a fucking stupid ruling. I dislike the ACA, but it's moronic to call it unconstitional on this basis. I mean, I personally would have prefered that a tax exemption earned by purchasing something from a private corporation should have been what was ruled unconstitutional (as 4 other Justices did), but we are past that point now.
I want people to have insurance that actually operates as insurance. You know, mitigating against actual risk. If you have a pre-existing condtion, you are already seeking care. It is a known. There is no reason for insurance to be involved. Our system is shit. Prior to the ACA. Now with the ACA. And it would continue to be shit under every proposal I've heard.
Castestrophic Health Care Insurance plans (provided by insurance companies or government) and a more free market system with price transparency for everything else. With possible subsidies for those with pre-existing conditions and the poor. I want insurance to do what it is actually meant to do, mitigate against risk. It's idiotic for it to cover basic services and those with pre-existing conditions.
These "govenrment shutdowns" really only a hault a small percentage of government services and employment.
That's why I've separated castestrophic care as something that should still be insured against. Emergency health care services would fall under that catestrophic coverage. I thought I made that clear, but I guess not.
I'm not sure what you are assuming my definition is. A broken leg would be catestrophic care. Can you help clarify what you deem to be "unrealistic"? What are you refering to? The cost of all emergency health care is about 3% of all health care expenses. It's a tiny fraction of what occurs within health care. We start lowering cost in other areas and that number would increase, but it would still be a fraction of the rest of care.
As I've mentioned... * We can help subsidize the cost for people that need help. * We can allow people with similar conditions, seeking similar specialized care, to collectively bargain. There would be "cancer associations" that would help to cover the costs for people and negotiate on people's behalf. Anyone that wants to help fund people with certain conditions, could then donate to those specific associations (this occurs now in limited capacity). * Require Price Transparency. Encorage competition which can lead to lower prices. * I also think we need to address our supply issue. The AMA had been restricting supply of doctors/nurses for decades until just recently all to inflate the wages of their members. I think we can increase the supply of doctors and medication with reducing refulations slightly while still preserving safety. There's really some uneccessary red tape that's been lobbied for by "big pharma" and other health care groups. A massive reason why prices are so high is because insurance companies collude with health care providers to price indviduals out of the market. This allows the insurance companies "subscription service" to become a basic neccessity just to get access to anything resembling a market based price. Just removing that barrier and have prices adjust to what the market can actually bare, would be a huge step in creating affordable health care.
So we create a subsidy to help pay for them. It would be better for them also. Rather than having to reach their deductible, they simply start getting subsidized right away. I want a replacement, before we drop it. This ruling on the ACA's constitionality is beyond idiotic. This Judge is an activist. I just can't rationalizing keeping pre-existing conditions tied with insurance. It just makes no sense logically or financially. What it really is, is turning a private corporation into a source of welfare under government regulation. This is how you interwin corporations and government. This is what corporatism looks like. It's fucking disgraceful.
&gt; What does that actually look like? Well rather than subsidize the cost of health care insurance like we do now, we subsidize the cost of health care. Just remove the insurance company from the equation. &gt; How do I know if I qualify for such a subsidy? I don't have such specifics at this point. But I'd love to get more people thinking about this idea and resolving such questions. &gt; At a glance, it sounds an awful lot like a "government option" A government option of what? It's a subsidy. You have a cost. Government pays a portion of it. &gt; your talk about "purchasing directly from providers" seems misleading and confusing since the subsidies you're talking about would necessarily result on a huge portion of the country having their medical bills paid by the state. Who would pay the health care providers directly. Where insurance companies aren't involved. Not sure how that's "misleading". It would be more so they you would go and seek care, and the govenrment would pay a portion of your bill. And no, I'm looking to have a huge portion of the country having their medical bills paid by the state. I'm looking to susidize an amount to those that truly need help.
Define what it means to be a women, or a man. Define it for me. Give me a distiction between these two groups. We acknowledge they are separate, correct? So what's the difference between the two? I want to know what metric I should use if I'm not allowed to use chromosomes, genitilia, or stereotypes to define a person's gender. These are societal classifications. We don't just allow every individual to decide their own metric for what group they belong to. Because then the groups are meaningless. If everyone has their own terms, then the terms have no meaning. Language is based on being universally accepted by society. Terms are meaningless if they don't have some actual definition we can agree to. So what metric do you want people to use to distinguish between the sexes? What does it mean to be one gender or another, or none at all? ... A person that denies defining someone as a man, that calls themselves a man, isn't a denial of their existence. Its saying that his definition of what is a man, isn't what the other person's is. So if you want people to adopt a definition that another person is creating, it still needs to have an established foundation. That's needed for understanding. But this individual's definition could easily be contradicted by another person calling tjemselves a man. So it doesn't appear a foundation exists. And you simply want every person to be reliant on each new individual to define a group. But then what's the point of the group? It means nothing. It's useless. That's not how classifications work. Nonwhere else within society is a person allowed to simply claim they belong to a classification due to their own definition of it. Because it's absurd. It goes against the very purpose of the classifications. This isn't even specifically about gender identity anymore, its about lanaguage. It's about society and the entire purpose of classifications. You as an individual have a name. That's you individual marker. Everything else (your race, sex, even your last name) is a classification that allows others to place you among society.
What does it mean to be a woman "mentally"? Give me a single identifier that would allow me to put a checkmark on that specific sex. If I'm trying to evaluated what sex I am, what metrics should I be using? I mean, there is a difference between men and women, even under gender identity. So what makes them distiction from one another?
&gt; You have a female brain That doesn't exist. The most you could say is that a person has a brain that shares most characteristics with a brain that is normally associated with the female sex, a classification itself based on humans that statistically share the same chromosomes and genitilia. Transgenders are simply outliers to these scientifically created classifications. They don't mesh so well with the statistically based groups. I mean, there's no truth that a male has XY chromosomes. But it's the classification that was made based on that metric. Terms need specific metrics to distinguish them from one another. So can you provide the metrics that distinguishes between genders? Just a single metric that wouldn't untimately define you, but would push the needle. What makes someone a man or a woman? We need some universally accepted metrics to distinguish between the terms that society is to use. That's how langauge works.
&gt; Where as a trans identity is, at least, based on the premise that it is and will be further cemented in scientific evidence. What scientific evidence is that? &gt; You don't have a right to redefining your opinion as facts. So when someone claims to be trans, it's not just an aesthetic preference or opinion. It's based science. &gt; Again, this is under the assumption that you think that Trans people are just dreaming up their nature. That it's just an expression of opinion. If it's not opinion, then how is gender identity defined? What makes a person male or female? Name a single metric that would help identity mentonone sex over another. I mean, a distriction exists between men and women, right? So what's that distinction? What makes them different? If you allow every individual to create their own defintions, then the terms have no meaning. &gt; Is it so hard to imagine that the balance of hormones for whatever reason, might produce a male body but a female brain? Ugh, ahain with this lie. A "female brain" doesn't exist. The most you could say is that a person has a brain that shares a majority of characteristics with the brain *normally associated* with the female sex, a classification itself created based on a metric of chromosomes and genitalia. A transgender person is simply an outlier. Just as those that have chromosomes and genitilia that don't "match". &gt; because genetics is just the blueprint that's used to build the house, hormones are the foremen that do the work. So are you estbalishing that? That a person with "male hormones" must then identify as male? Because I always thought gender identity was much more than that. If that's the metric you want to use, then okay. As long as there is something we can turn to to agree on, then the term actually has meaning. But I think you are wrong. I know you are wrong. Transgenders *and others* aren't limiting their gender identity to their hormones. &gt; **So, People who believe that trans women aren't women aren't recognizing their own biased flawed understanding of gender that is implicitly calling trans people liars.** So define gender. Give me a definition. What does it mean to be the female gender? Or the male gender? Help me understand the classification. If you were to help me understand race, sex, "handedness", political parties, **every class term used in societal communication** you could give me a definition and how theynare distict from the other groups within that classification. That's hie language works. That's how understanding works. So I just need to know the defintion I am now suppose to use to define gender and how men and women are distinct classifications. If you can't provide that, how am I suppose to understand it? If the terms have no definition, what's their purpose?
&gt; That said, there is an aspect of gender that transcends outward social classification, and that is neurological structure. Gender has a very strong neurological component, and this can be the foundation for a notion of gender that isn't tied to appearances. Let's focus on this then. What part of one's neurological structure says they should identify with one gender over another? What's a belief that would be associated with a specific gender? If a certain neurological process is being studied, how is it classified as one gender or the other? What makes a "female neurological process"? Again, what most science would tell use is simply create associations. That this process is normally found in the bodies of males (based on sex), thus it could be labeled as a "male neurological process". But that just means that a female (based on sex) with "male neurologia processes" is an outlier. It wouldn't determine how they should identify themselves. Because it's entitely based on the statistically based classifications. You're now saying that the scientific classifications of sex, are actually influencing what a "male (or female) brain" actually is. &gt; But, at the end of the day, the primary facet of being Christian is a mental object, whether you believe all this stuff, and our means of classification is thus primarily determined by what people say about themselves. "Your aren't acting very Christian", is a very common statement. Because there is some universally accepted defintions of how a Christian should behave. But even more so, we establish that being Christian is having a believe in Christ. So even if others aren't Christians, they at least know what it means to be a Christian. So what does it mean to be the female gender? &gt; Why can't Transness be the same? Because it states you can identity as female, but then gives no defintion of what it means to be female. It would be like a person saying they are a Christian, but then say they don't believe in Christ. That questions your pre-concieved definition of what it means to be Christian. So you ask for a new defnition. But then they don't offer one. They just request that you classify them with the all the other people that do fit that prior definition. But then you question what the purpose of the definition is, if it's not applying to everyone. Now "Christian" doesn't actually mean anything. That's what I don't understand here. If these terms can mean anyrhing to any unique individual, what purpose due they serve as classifications, even to the individual proclaiming a gender identity. What's the purpose of being classified under sometjing that truly has no universallly accepted definition? What's it's purpose?
&gt; Healthcare helps you against serious adverse events that you can’t and won’t predict happening. Did you mean insurance? Because that's nit what insurance is today. Just as we've discussed, your "insurance" covers your yearly checkup. How does that fit within your definition?
Oh wow. That actually makes some sense now. I previously thought the ruling was just absurd, but this creates some pause.
It's not unconstitional to pass a $0 tax, it's potentially unconstituitional to use the "power to tax" to create policy when a tax isn't being imployed.
The "individual mandate" is just a source of revenue. It's a tax penalty. I don't see why it's a necessity when revenue can be drawn from anything.
There is no mandate, thete never was. There was only ever a tax. Nothing requires you to get insurance. You.were only penalized if you didn't.
It would be even worse precedent for policy to pass a constitutional test under the power to tax, and simply set it at zero to extend congressional power further than what truly exists.
The Commerce Clause has long left any restriction to *interstate* commerence.
It's illegal to detain them together longer than 20 days.
&gt; That you prefer to be considered of that gender, Why should others accept that as truth? If others have a definition of what classifies as that gender, why does someone else get to override that? &gt; that you outwardly express yourself along those lines, What lines? Again, what do the genders actually mean? How does your outwardly expression translate to a specific gender? &gt; that you think your body would operate better with a given gendered hormone, How could one come to such a conclusion? But anyway, having "male" hormones, doesn't mean you'd identify as male. &gt; that you generally prefer to group with a given gender This is the same as your first point. &gt; Most importantly though, it means a general lack of satisfaction with the gender you are not. Again, I understand what being transgender is. I can understand their feelings of suffering. I also experience being grouped in classifications that I don't believe represent me. But my question is related to what the defintions of the genders actually are. They must have some sort if definition, if you are concluding that a specific one doesn't represent you and another one would do a better job of doing such. &gt; I'd expect that cis people, were they magically transformed into someone of the opposite sex, would experience dysphoria. We need to get something straight here. You can desire to identify as male, but still desire female sexual characteristics and/or desire to be feminine. None of that is a requirement of how one would identify. Gender dysphoria should be broken up into the two parts it actually covers. One, body dysmorphia specific to sexual characteristics. Two, a belief of social mis-classification. You don't have to be trans to desire the sexual characteristics of the opposite sex. So if people were to awaken with the sexual characteristics of the opposite gender, they would most likely experience body dysmophia. But that wouldn't make them trans unless society treated then as the opposite sex to which they would like to be identified as. &gt; Toss a population of 1000 people into a brain scanner, try to identify them as being of category A or category B, and then we can call those categories the different genders. Huh? We have brain scans of "trans males" and are saying they have brains that are normally associated with the **male sex**. That also means that the **majority of the time** that "male brains" align with the **male sex**. The trans gender male is an outlier. So if we did what you propose, the categories **would be based on sex**. Where people with "male brains" statistically more so align with the male sex. That's what the science has already concluded. So I'm not really understanding your point. &gt; Transness in particular I'd say falls into two categories. transitioning/post-transitioning where you're trying your damndest to appear as your desired gender Again, you don't have to have a desire to change your physical form to be trans. That's certainly a way of getting society to accept you as the opposite gender, but it's not an actually symptom of being trans. So I think I need you to realise this for my entire objection to gender identity to make any sense.
Also important to note that Title II classification of ISPs, which is actually what the CRA is about (which is what this post is about), isn't the same thing as Net Neutrality.
Portugal has Net Neutrality. What's expressed in that article is Zero Rating. And its a practice that was legal even under our own Net Neutrality rules. It doesn't impact the transition of data at all. It's a pricing structure. Where certain websites count against your cap, whike others don't. But you are free to visit any website tou want, at the same exact speed as every other website. The cap can only impact when you may receive another charge. Yes, this can be anti-competitive. People will be encourage to visit a specific website over another. But it has Nothing to do with Net Neutrality because it has no impact on the actual transmission of data.
Huh? I support Net Neutrality but oppose Title II, **just like the major ISPs do**. It sounds like you haven't been following this issue just like the majority of reddit. Throttling is still completely legal under Net Neutrality. ISPs just couldn't do so in a discriminatory manner. I oppose the CRA that this post is about, because it's about re-estbalishing Title II, not simply enforcing Net Neutrality. "You guys". Who do you think I'm supportive of here?
Is there a meaning to pull from the "just remember i told you so" part? Has he been saying other things?
&gt; Agreed. But progress, especially with almost half a country that is republican, takes baby steps in my opinion. And that's what setting it to the cost of living would be. The $15 across the board is the much more extreme position.
How does it help small businesses? Businesses take multiple years to start making profit. Increasing the cost of maintaining employees, simply prolongs that. Whuch is just a further disincentive of ecwn starting a small business. Higher costs are a barrier to entry. Large corporations are much better off in being able to transition to a $15 minimum wage. The poor, or more so the lowely educated, will be hurt by such a minimim wage hike. Employers will be requiring much more from their employees if they are going to be paying them $15/hour. Probably increase their workload as well. Employ less people and increase the workload on their current workers. It will certainly help the people that stay employed and can handle the workload, but what about everyone else? What about the consumer as well? Increased operating costs, will lead to higher prices. As labor costs rise, the competition for market share through lower prices will have a focis on dropping that labor cost. Fewer employees. I'm truly trying to understand how you are making your conclusion. Can you explain?
I'd prefer a logarithmic formula as a tax code. Where it starts left of the y-axis so some people at the low income level are tax exempt. And then its just a slow gradual raise.
They do. But we also spend more on public education than other countries, who then also provide better results. So I'm all for teachers being paid more, but I think the funds should come internally.
Especially because it breaks this subs rules about only posting articles from the last calendar month. It's been 4 hours since it's been posted. What do you think the chances are it is removed?
Which breaks this subs rules of positing articles within the last calendar month. Please help in reporting it.
Which breaks this subs rules. Please help in reporting it.
&gt; And you should educate yourself on how taxes are paid. You are correct, no one ever actually paid 90%, because that is not how taxes work. I'm saying on even the money in that tax bracket. I know how tax brackets work. I know your only taxed 90% on only the money above that limit. Not sure why you're assuming I don't, when our discussion has nothing to do with that. Don't try to incorrectly discredit me, to disregard the point. We don't need that shitty debate tactic in this discussion. &gt; Do you think the top tax brackets paid more in effective taxes now, when the top tax bracket is 37%, or then when it was over 90%, more than double what it is now? Paid **more** in effective tax? As in, the **amount**? Certainly now, considering how much more income there is now. As a **percentage**, I'm not certain. I'd like to see some actual data on that. Please feel free to share that with me if you have such data. Also, do you know when that 90% kicked in? Where that bracket actually started? About 1.8 million, adjusted for inflation. So is that what you are proposing? Income above 1.8 million taxed at 90%? Or are you proposing sometjong different? Also, are you going to factor in all taxes, or just federal taxes? Because a 90% federal tax on top of a 8% local tax and a 10% state tax is a bit different than how it existed in the 1950s. We also have other taxes such as payroll taxes that tax your income. This tax beinguch higher than it was in the 1950s. So do we get to factor all that into the comparison?
I think it's more so that people want their opinions reinforced, so the media provides such. A large group of people believe the CBP is evil? Okay, here's a story portraying them as evil. At the very least, it's a chicken or egg type of question.
I still doubt they will learn from that when it comes to future events.
I complain about r/politics while the majority of my comments are made in r/politics. How does that "track"?
Hopefully on actual policy. Medicare for all and free college are just ideas, they are not policies. They don't include details on funding, limitations, regulations, etc..
You know how you make it so only "fatcat millionaires" are the ones going to Wrigley Field to watch the Chicago Cubs? You tax game tickets.
I don't think we need to be funding more education. We already spend more per student than other countries that produce better results. I'd much rather see us address the problems with our k-12 education, than try to simply add more years. And this issues aren't resolved by simply "more funding". I'm up for cutting the military as I don't think we should be subsidizing the military of our allies. The question is, are our allies okay with us doing such? I personally don't like Medicare for All as a solution to our health care problems, so I'm just not going to go into that.
"The rule says, play it as it lies"
&gt; The consequences of someone forgetting to check when they pee standing up is a slightly messy toilet seat. No, there is also the potential consequence of pissing directly on the lid and piss being sprayed everywhere. You check if the lid is up, right? So why don't you simply evaluate if the seat is up as well?
&gt; I highly doubt you ever actually check the position of the seat before you go to the bathroom, How do you not? Do you piss on the toilet lid if the toilet is completely closed? Do you not check to see if there is actual access to the toilet for use?
&gt; Gender is defined by biology not language How so? Tell me the difference between a male and female. If definitions exist, tell me how they are distinct. Edit: Could I receive a single reply before my 8th downvote? I'm seriously asking a question. I'm trying to understand gender identity. Downvotes don't help.
That's sex. I'm wondering about gender identity. I'm questioning what defines gender under a view of gender identity. If you think gender isn't a real aspect, then we are in a similar boat, so I'm not understanding all the downvotes and disagreement. And those terms are still language. Biology tells use there is a binary difference between what you discuss (with some outliers of course). A "male" is the term used to describe the people that have been placed in on group over another based on the metric of producing sperm. So I'm also not understanding the "It's biology, not language" comment. Words have definitions. That's language.
The terms "male" and "female" have been taken by those supporting gender identity as well. My gripe, is that they don't have defined meanings under gender identity, like they do when it comes to sex. I'm **agreeing** with you. A person **will** still be biologically a male or female and thus its fine to use the pronouns that reference such bioligical sex. All I was doing is expressing what transgender means, while questioning how transgenders can actually define themselves. I'm questioning the very thing that you simply want to dismiss outright. I'm skeptical of gender identity and these "they/them" pronouns and voiced that scepticism in the form of a question. Stop trying to "win" an argument here. We're on the same "side" if you want to have sides on this issue.
Okay, here's my question. How many people does it **put into** poverty? If giving money to elderly people helps prevent poverty for them, taking money from the young must place some people in poverty. So where is the research on that? Where is the research showing how 12.4% more income could be saving poor and young people from a horrible cycle of debt interest? How it could help them afford better education? How they could afford a better and healthier lifestyle? You note the results *for the elderly*. What have the results been *for everyone else*?
&gt; As almost 40% of ss beneficiaries are lifted out of poverty due to receiving it. And how many people are placed into poverty by having their wages reduced? You're providing research, so I appreciate that. Can you point to research that actually looks at the possible negative consequences of SS, rather than just focusing on one group's outcome? How are people affected who aren't elderly?
&gt; because they are welfare for people who don't need it, often stealing the money from people who do **Thank you**. I've been trying to get people to understand this for years. Even on a basis of wanting a welfare system, SS is horrible system in redistributing wealth.
You're employer is paying 12.4% more because of your employment. Payroll taxes are a direct tax on employment, linked to each individual. While true that you can't make the assumption an employer would be taking on the same cost, it is a cost that is being paid. It going to the employee rather than to government, doesn't really change how the employer views it. I'd even say they would prefer to have their employees with the funds. Oh course, if we would remove the system we already have in place *now*, that would definetely change how an employer would react. They most likely to work keep their share of the "employer side" portion while the employee only benefits from their portion. But I wasn't discussing changing it, I was discussing how it would have been without it in the first place.
It might be. I won't say it would be, but how are you stating it wouldn't be?
Well, no. I don't believe so and don't see why it would have. It only started as a 2% tax and was that way for the first 12 years of its existence.
Much easier to support an "unknown", than actually support the candidate once known. I think it can be overlooked because it doesn't mean much by itself. It's like polling people "would you this piece of shit, or this mystery box". It will simply be based on your assumption if the mystery box will be better. That it will be something that **you** like. It could turn out to still be better than the piece of shit, but if the mystery box doesn't actually live up to your hopes of what the mystery box could have been, then you still may not really favor it, and take the effort in actually eating it. Most people will vote for their own ideal candidate. That's what the "unknown" allows for. But we rarely get the option to vote for our ideal candidate. So once the candidate is known, that support will drop.
&gt; you are honest when your chosen party does something you disagree with But that weakens the party. And what weakens the party that you more so favor, weakens your chances of getting the things done you desire as the other party increases their chances of getting elected. That's why people defend their party over their own ideals. So others don't start to question their support for the party members. If you want your party to win, you need to keep up a facade about them being good. You don't want to create doubt in the minds of some that make them question if they voted incorrectly, where they may swap their vote come next election. It's game theory.
An acknowledgement of it not being illegal is "having an attitude towards Trump?".
I saw it as "there's been a lot of acussations about illegal activity, but this is a legal activity" type of statement. It's not a defense of the President. It's simply presenting a legal statement just to inform people. I didn't view it as an opinion. Not sure why you are.
And if your first reaction is "illegal", you're factually wrong and spreading misinformation. I'd rather hear the factual details than any person's opinion on this. And I dont view "this isn't illegal" as an opinion statement. You seem to be reading it as one, though. Why?
Guys, when has an Entertainment Wekly frontpage image actually looked good? All I care about is how they will look in the movie. These type of posed images always look tacky.
&gt; First off, in the Supreme Court Case Citizens United vs. the FEC (Federal Election Commission), private donations to political campaigns were ruled as free speech, thus eliminating these would violate the First Amendment. That's not what the case ruled. The entire case focused on indepednent politia expenditures, not campaign donations. Individuals are still limited in the amount of $2,700, PACs are limited in the amount of $5,000, and Corporations and Super PACs are outright prohibited from making donations to political campaigns.
And encourage states to stop selecting their electors on the basis of "winner take all". Seriously, you can get a lot more support for these two things than you ever will with getting rid of the electoral college. Calling for the EC to be killed is simply too extremist.
The weight it holds is overturning the FCC's repeal of the Title II classification of ISPs along with the Net Neutrality rules estbalished by the FCC under Tom Wheeler. Using the Congressional Review Act, Congress can overturn federal agency's decisions. So if they were to achieve enough votes and the president was to sign off on it, the FCC would be required to reclassify ISPs as a Title II service, giving the FCC the authority to enforce the NN rules. *Now*, this is the weight it *doesn't* hold. It has no power in requiring the FCC actually enforce Net Neutrality. A federal agency simply having the power to enforce rules, and having rules they themselves created, doesn't require them to actually enforce such rules. Opinion: I'd much prefer to actually legislate NN. That way it's required to be enforced and we don't allow a federal agency, of 5 partisan beurocrats holding party majority to the current president, to make such decisions. Creating a very uncertain regulatory market that can sway back and forth. But those seeking Title II (as these Democrats here are) seem much more inclined on having all the other authroities that Title II grants the FCC. Certain powers I don't believe should be regulated upon ISPs. I'm kind of against granting more authority than I think is required to accomplish what I want regulated.
I wish Dems would actually focus on legislating it. I would be supporting their efforts then. But they seem hell bent on classifying ISPs under Title II which doesn't even require the FCC to enforce such rules and it grants the FCC much more authority than is required.
Huh? "Fight for the Future" is now the group that astroturfed the FCC? All I see is progressive blogs ragging on Democrats not being progressive enough. Who from the Republican side is even discussing this issue?
I'm getting a but sick of *this* talking point. You really need a refresher? Taking away due process from those that are [Mentally Il](https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2018/02/15/trump-shooting-mental-illness) and on the terrorist watch list. House Democrats staged [a fucking sit-in](https://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/democrats-stage-sit-in-on-house-floor-to-force-gun-vote-224656) demanding that we pass **"no fly, no buy"** legislation.
The are opposed to corporate subsidies to private corporations. You know, something that progressives oppose as well, but are fine with supporting it if it's "for the right cause".
Depends on two things. 1. If the directed end of a fetus's life is something resembling murder. 2. If murder is something that a government can legislate against. I'd add that I greatly dislike the terms "pro-life" and "pro-choice". Most "pro-choice" people favor regulating that choice once the third trimester hits. So even they aren't truly supporting choice or want government entirely out of the decision process.
I honestly haven't played the game yet (waiting to buy), but I have been watching some game play. I think my plan will be to create little mini food courts. Little 2-3 vendor spots with a seating area (and bathroom). And then have a hauler, depot, and employee lounge hidden away that is shared between two of these little areas. Build the little food courts into little buildings that populate the streets.
Nice blog. Let's address it. This is their write up summed up "We believe Peterson means this, thus he does, thus he's not a classical liberal, because we define it as such". Lets refute some specifics. &gt; Moreover, much of what Peterson advocates in his lectures and books is in opposition to classical liberalism’s core tendencies, particularly Peterson’s belief that a lack of hierarchy and explicit rules results in chaos. Yes, for societies. Without a societal structure, societies crumble. There must be some agreement among society on certain specific things for the society to exist at all. Otherwise it's not a society, and simply indviduals existing. &gt; Peterson seems to embody the worst strawman levelled against advocates of liberalism. Rather than viewing society as an aggregation of voluntarily associating individuals working together toward mutually advantageous ends, Peterson seems to view society through a lens of zero-sum atomistic individualism. How do they come to this conclusion? Hierarchies will stem from "mutually advantageous" exchanges because needs and desires change over time and condition. If you trade wheat, and another person trades barley, and society values wheat more, we just created a hierarchy. We also have different things to offer, just as individuals. Physical Strength, Smarts, Compassion, etc.. We will value those traits differently. That's not "zero-sum", it's an acknowledgement of what occurs when individuals voluntary associate with one another. &gt; Peterson comes across as opposed to “new ideas.” For instance he is intransigent regarding the idea that the categories of “man” and “woman” are hazy or at the very least not immutable. He argues that even attempting to discuss these ideas are indicative of an authoritarian regime lurking beneath the surface. Conversely, liberal champion and scholar Deirdre McCloskey cites innovation and the production of new ideas, or the discovery of “new ways of doing things,” as the keys to the modern world. McCloskey, an outspoken liberal, former Marxist, widely respected economic historian, and transgender woman2has pointed to liberalizing ideas about gender and sexuality as signs of success as a result of the liberal order. Ah. And we've arrived to what appears to be the main point of the article. First, Peterson is not at all opposed to new ideas. He expresses how society may react to new ideas. And that's not at all how Peterson addresses this idea. We're back to the requirement that a society have a common agreement to avoid chaos. Terms need to have defnitions that spciety agrees upon. That's the entire point of language. A word is spoken, and I can know what you are refering to. The issue with gender identity definitions of male and female is that they have no definition. Gender identity allows each individual to define the terms. That means they are meaningless as classifications. They are meaningless as words. Yes, definitions of words can change. But what new definition is being proposed for "man" and "woman"? &gt; Peterson’s concerns about chaos amount to a fear of individual freedom. Much of Peterson’s scholarship emphasizes imposing order onto the chaos of life, but liberals don’t believe that chaos results from freedom. In fact, much of the liberal tradition centers around unplanned order that spontaneously emerges from free individuals voluntarily associating with one another. Again, it's not "fear". It's an acknowledgement of what occurs in societies, using history. And as they have admitted, "much of the liberal tradition centers around unplanned **order**", they order is needed for society to exist. "Order" can change. Society can change. But there needs to exist that common understanding. &gt; The concept of spontaneous order is important to keep in mind in this context because Peterson’s entire schtick seems to be about warning people of life’s inevitable chaos and how we ought to embrace established hierarchies to impose order on chaos and make life livable. This seems incompatible with the classical liberal embrace of unplanned order. Oh fuck off. That's not at all his "schtick". He "warns" people is the same way history, psychology, sociology professors "warn" people of what the individual is cabable of and how people interact with each other in a society. What "estabalish hierarchy" has he deemed neccessary for any society to make life livable? And here they mentioned "unplanned order" again. That's the same thing as the Order Peterson discusses. The only proof one needs is the many millions of societies we see currently, and over our history. The "order" changes. But "order" still exists. It being "unplanned" is just the result of individual minds coming together.
&gt; Things like "Without a societal structure, societies crumble" is meaningless, Then the term "society" is meaningless. Society is the term used to describe a group of individuals in an ordered community. &gt; because also a crumbled society have structures. No. The point being is that societies crumble *when* they become disorderly. They crumble when the individuals no longer have a foundation they can all agree upon. &gt; But one point of individualism is that there might be a good thing that individuals challenge the existing structures, that's how society grow stronger, through trial and error. Yes, and that trail and error is also how they crumble. Peterson doesn't say structures shouldn't be challenged or changed, he describes the structures and acknowledges the possible negative consequences of challenging them. One example that comes to mind is his discussion on women in the workplace and makeup. That's even more so an example of of him *challenging* societal behavior because he *acknowledges* the hierarchy that already exists, which could lead to altering the hierarchy itself. &gt; Automatically siding with structures, hierarchies, existing archetypes, etc. against the individuals who challenge them I agree. But I don't believe Peterson does so. He states the hierarchies. He acknowledges them. He uses psychology to explain why they have formed. But that doesn't mean he says they need to exist that way. That he "sides" with them. &gt; [Peterson's view on Frozen]... He seems to more so attack it from a plot development point of view, than anything else. Something any writer/film critic would do as well. I haven't seen the movie, so I'm not going to comment on his take of it.
&gt; The point is that structures exist in every society, and they can be good or bad. It's those structures that make it a society, not whether or it's order or disorder. Name a disorderly society that currently exists. Also, how are you distinguishing between a "good" or "bad" society? Those terms are rather subjective. &gt; This is rather strange, from a development point of view. Wouldn't disorder be a sign of a crumbled society, rather than something that leads to a crumbled society? Disorder occurs, which starts the "crumbling" of a society. It can be rebuilt, as a new order is formed, but it did at least start to crumble away. &gt; Do we have anything outside some very basic stuff that we actually all agree upon? I guess "agree" isn't the best term. More so "abide by". So we have language, all our laws, our constitution, much of our morality, much of our "social norms", etc.. We focus almost entirely on our differences when discussing politics. But we have **so** many more things in common. &gt; And yet he doesn't seem to react positively towards different views on gender. Why should he? Honestly, why should he? Why should I? I've **tried** to be understanding. But I've yet to hear an actual definition of the terms of "male" and "female" under a gender identity view. If you want to create new definitions for words, okay. But you need to tell me what they are. You can't allow any individual to claim *on any basis of their choosing* if they belong to a **categorically** group. Because then the terms, and the classifications mean nothing. If "male" and "female" are different, then please tell me wjat makes them distinct. I've asked this at least a dozen times across reddit. I've yet to hear an answer from someone. Your name, is your individual marker. Everything else (race, sex, age, etc.) are classifications that allow for sorting by society. Claiming I am a "male" means absolutely nothing in a world where it's only me. It's usage is based on a comparison and contrast to the rest of society. The terms we use for "male" and "female" from a viewpoint of sex, was formed to distinguish scientific findings. That group A has these chromosomes and sexual charaxteristics in common, and group B has these chromosomes and sexual characteristics in common *a statistically significant* amount of the time. The words have a meaning. Transgender people are simply outliers to an identity that normally aligns with the sex. Just as their are outliers on the account of chromosomes and sexual characteristics. You could tell me what makes me male under a sex view, you could tell me what makes me Caucasian, you could tell me what makes me Buddhist, etc.. You don't have to belong to those groups to tell me what the terms mean. So what makes me a "female" under gender identity? How do I determine for myself if I'm a female, male, or none of the above? And even if gender identity is accepted, why should it trump sex? Why is sorting society (by bathrooms, by pronouns, etc.) be based on gender identity rather than sex? Why is that a better form of sorting? I personally try to avoid confrontation. So I'll call you what ever you want. But I think the demand on others needs to have some rationale to it. You need to provide sometjing for others to understand the poaition you want them to hold. Simply demanding to belong to a group that has a common definition, doesn't work on those that care about understanding their own world more than virtue signaling. And at this point, that's what I think it is, because I haven't been able to get an answer before I'm called a transphobe. Where an attempt to understand while questioning is labeled as hate, you've lost your argument. &gt; Why is it important to understand "underlying archetypal dynamics" Peterson was saying thay Frozen was written to challenge a classic story type, but did so without truly understanding what made the classic story a compelling story. So rather than telling a good story in another way, Frozen was written simply as propaganda. Because it truly missed one what makes a story develop and have a long lasting appeal. Again, I haven't seen it. If it's a poor story that has a bunch of plot holes and poor charaxter development, and was simply saved by cute musical numbers, then I think Peterson has a point. But I don't feel Incan truly weigh in on his viewpoint here.
&gt; There are tons of underdeveloped countries that lack the appropriate institutions for humans to thrive, and they stay poor. Poor in relation to who? If they lacking an ability for humans to thrive, I would call that chaos. I would call that a cfumbling society. &gt; also think it's kind of weird that you want me to distinguish good and bad societies, as if this order or disorder is less subjective. It's miles less subjective. "Good" and "Bad" are completely subjective terms. Reliant on a perspective often based on morality. Order and Disorder are pretty objective terms. Based on a arrangement of function. The "function", the disposition, can be viewed as good or bad, but it's status of being in an orderly or disordely state is pretty objective. &gt; But if we're supposed to look at it from a classical liberal point of view you'll find your answer there. Huh? What does the "classic liberal point of view" tell us here? &gt; "Crumbling" is disorder. Something triggers the crumbling. That is being established as "disorder". You desire to refute that. So do so if you so desire. &gt; In fact we have almost nothing of this in common. You and I might not. But a large portion of any one ordered society does which holds them together.
CVS follows Walgreens. So it's more so if a corner lot opens across from a Walgreens, "heavy breathing" from CVS.
I'm fine calling him a moron. Calling him "the worst president in history/my lifetime" is something I don't believe people can even properly evaluate at this point and seems more an attempt to upset "I am so great" Trump than anything else. Aren't most presidents judged on their legacy? What long term effect they had on the country as a whole? That's at least how I think they should be judged.
It's weird how the headline doesn't even provide any illegal activity.
You're issue with religion seems to be more based on how some interprete and practice a specific message. Do you have the same issue with those that support teachings from historical or current presenters of opinion, Aristotle, Karl Marx, etc. I mean, every political ideology could be attacked with the same rationale you are using. That people will follow the teachings of someone else, instead of some objective truth. And why do you believe that group of scientists should be a winning party? Maybe they have someone thing better to say on social science and natural science, but what about everything else? Do they have solutions without negative consequences to other areas of human life and desire? There's much more to politics than you seem to be insinuating. And I entirely reject any idea of "scientists care about truth, and only the truth". I'm not sure how you have come to sich a conclusion. That these people have no bias in what avenues they focus their efforts in, what things they prioritize over others, etc. &gt; So why wouldn't this work? Because America is over 70% Christian, according to census, and I'm sure a lot of them would hate the idea of an atheistic government. What recent presidential candidate has been presenting Christianity as a stable foundation of theirs? Again, I don't think your issue is with religion, but some specific views people have and desire to be the fixture of the society they live in. And that's true of everyone. So why the focus on religion? You think it presents more negatives than other teachings? Why do you believe so? Are you prioritizing some issues over others? Not even believing that some things others believe could have some rationale basis for? Why do you believe what you believe?
It's definitely intuitive to question it. A sample of 1,000 is only representative if it's truly random. Most surveys have some form of bias compromising reliability.
&gt; Do Libertarians believe money should be pulled out of politics? Here's my position... I support the **current law** that prohibits corporations, unions, Super PACs from making campaign contributions. These are payments to people applying for government positions so it's okay to enforce against a level of influence. This is also why a current individual limit of $2,700 is fine. Heck, I'd be okay with prohibiting **all** campaign contributions. Making that $2,700 limit for Individuals and $5,000 limit for PACs, $0. But what needs to be preserved, while protecting our right to freedom of speech and our right to petition our government, is the ability to make independent political expenditures. As it is protected for individuals, it should also extent to associations of individuals. I support the rulings in Citizen's United v FEC &amp; Speech Now v FEC. However, I think we need to reinterprete who classifies as an association and specifically how it applies under the meaning of a right to speech. I would contend that it should consist of a collection of individuals all promoting a common message, and any such funds being used to promote such funds should be given to the association in a way to promote that message. That would include organizations such as Citizen's United. But it wouldn't include entities such as corporations and unions. A corporate treasury fund doesn't consist of a pool of money raised to promote a specific message or ideology. Your union dues are not raised in a way to promote a specific message or ideology. When you exchange money for a television from Walmart, you aren't participating in speech, you're participating in commerce. If the executives of Walmart want to make certain forms of speech with the corporation's revenue, then they should have to claim it first. That money should have to be a part of those indvidual's pay. Once it's theirs, as any other form of compensation, then they can use it however they see fit. So if all the excutives wanted to promote a political message, they should have to pay it out to themselves and then contribute to or form a separate Super PAC.
Money doesn't equal speech. The only idiots claiming that are those with a poor understanding of what was ruled in the Citizen's United v FEC case and regurgitate shitty rhetoric. But using one's own resources to express one's speech, is protected under a right to speech. Should a celebrity be restricted from speaking on politics because their speech reaches more people and they have a higher level of influence? Should the news not be able to express their politial opinions? Should politicians not be able to express their own views against "money = speech"? I mean, they obviously have more leverage when it comes to their speech than I do. Should people with high charisma be quieted because their speech is more impactful? Should everyone be silenced because some others aren't in a state where they can express speech?
&gt; Even when I purposefully emphasize “*human-caused*” in my original comment, you find the power to willfully ignore it. I didn't ignore it, I simply focused more so on the "directly contradicts" part. Shapiro questioning what the percentage is and speaking about climate scientists being "probably right", is not being *directly contradictory* to what they are saying. &gt; From my other link: “They found that, consistent with other research, the level of agreement on ANTHROPOGENIC CAUSATION correlated with expertise - 90% of those surveyed with more than 10 peer-reviewed papers related to climate (just under half of survey respondents) explicitly agreed that greenhouse gases was the main cause of global warming” (emphasis mine). This is a poor source to pull from to prove your point. First off, 90% of less than half, is less than half. So the results establish that less than half of those surveyed, explicitly agree that greenhouse gases was the main cause of global warming. Additionally, it only makes sense that those intrigued enough on climate change to write, let alone have, 10 peer-reviewed papers would be those with a position that greenhouse gases are a main cause. This is a form of selection bias. That's fine if we simply want to focus on their findings, but statistically improper to be used as "90% of scientists say this" type of proclaimation. It's astonishing to me how those trying to prove the science on the topic keep referencing this shitty report.
For campaign contributions... * Individuals are limited to $2,700. * PACs are limited to $5,000. * Corporations, Unions, and Super PACs are **prohibited** from making any donations. For independent political expenditures... * Individuals and associations of individuals (Corporations, Unions, Super PACs, etc.) have no limit.
You want to discuss the statistics of the study? Okay. They contacted 6550 people successfully. 1868 questionnaires were returned. That's a response rate of 29%. That's *already* a form of nonresponse bias and voluntary response bias. The results will most likely be scewed to strongly held opinions. So if you're climiate scientists thats believes much of the science is "inconclusive" you are probably more likely to not respond to the survey to begin with. So the results aren't actually representative of the sample. &gt; It's literally answering the question, "what do those who have actually scientifically studied this topic conclude" Their findings are representative of 29% of the population they surveyed that decided to take the active step in replying. They further decided to limit the population to those with more than 10 peer reviewed papers and then reported that 90% of those survey respondents had a certain position. **In their own words...** &gt; *Excluding undetermined answers, 90% of respondents, with more than 10 self-declared climate related peer-reviewed publications, agreed with dominant (&gt;50%) anthropolgenic causation for recent global warming. This amounts to just under half of respondents.* If you want to go around spreading those findings, I'm fine with it. What I'm against is the misinformed rhetoric that people take from such studies and spread as fact. That "90% of climate scientists agree that humans have a dominant impact on climate change". Studies and Surveys can be very helpful. But what people take away from the result and what is spread is very often misleading if not outright false. &gt; It's not selection bias at all. It's literally answering the question, "what do those who have actually scientifically studied this topic conclude" By their own metric. That's selection bias. Again, we *should* be listening to what the people that have actually scientifically studied this topic conclude. I'm not disagreeing with you. But this survey excludes 71% of non-respondents. Shouldn't we be hearing what they have to say as well? And I would like to contend that simply having more peer-reviewed papers isn't the greatest metric in determining a more knowledgable person on the topic. Feel free to change my mind on that matter though. &gt; Jesus christ we need fix stats education in this country, I 100% agree. Would lead to a deeper understanding of survey results and a less probability of spreading misleading conclusions.
&gt; Questioning the percentage of climate change is a nonsensical climate denial talking point. Weird, because that's exactly what the survey Q1 does. They ask respondents to establish a percentage that GHG has played on climate change. And then estbalished anyone that repsondented with more than 50% as agreeing that GHG has a dominant impact. &gt; The necessity of fighting climate change is clear and agreed upon by climate scientists The source I was refuting certainly doesn't establish that. To be clear, I'm not trying to deny climate change, I'm refuting a poor conclusion made from specific survey results. And your statement also insinuates a need to fight it, whereas this study simply discusses if humans are at cause. **See my [other comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/aa6fb1/_/ecqqmvo) made to someone else for my more in depth position.** &gt; The “selection bias” you’re complaining about is the author selecting the most peer-reviewed and most credible sources. I'll say once again (as I did state in my linked comment as well), I don't think having more peer-reviewed papers (self-reported mind you) is the greatest metric in determine knowledge on the subject. But feel free to convince why I should put more trust in such a system that seems to be exploited rather regularely, no matter the topic And it's still their own metric. It's still a form of selection bias. That's not bad. It just means that a conclusion of being representative of "climate scientists", isn't random, and thus an improper conclusion. The study doesn't make this fault. People pulling misleading conclusions from these results are the one's at fault.
It doesn't require the taking of others. It is not a positive right. It's a restriction on government. If they can't provide you with legal representation, they aren't able to prosecute you.
I think a large majority want voting reform. It's just a matter of agreeing on what that reform should be that is the issue. I fully reject two of your proposals. One as being a weak benefit when better solutions exist, and one as an inconceivable attack on our nation of states. Give me Range Voting, Electoral College stays but increase in the amount of representatives and encourage states to replace "winner take all" with proportional allocation of electoral votes, and no gerrymandering.
Because they aren't being forced. The government can't force someone to be a lawyer. They can't force anyone to represent you. The government, and society in general, simply has a high incentive to have a system where people will be there to represent all people so the entire criminal system operates how we believe it should. But if the government can't incentivize someone enough to represent a person, then they can't prosecute that person as they have no power to do so with out them being represented and no power to mandate that representation. Doctors aren't forced to examine you either.
Proportional Allocation is simply a way of a state to allocate their electoral votes. I think it is the state's decision on how to allocate their electoral votes. So I want to *encourage* states to adopt proportional allocation, not create a federal mandate on how they are to be allocated. Range voting (aka Score Voting) is a *rating* system. Such as that you would rate each candidate on a scale (ex. 1-10). This allows for a much more precise determination of the views a voter has of the candidate, when compared to ranked. You can vote two candidates equally and you can describe a value of magnitude of different between two choices you can't with ranked voting. Ranked voting also fails three major voting system criterion I desire, [Consistency](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consistency_criterion), [Participation](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Participation_criterion), and [Reversal Symmetry](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reversal_symmetry).
&gt; Great! Let's have universal healthcare then. If you want to push for that, fine. But encourage your fellow supporters to lose the idiotic rhetoric of "health care is a human right" and instead express it as a public service just as public education is. &gt; The government, and society in general, simply has a high incentive to have a system where people will be there to take care of all people so the entire system operates how we believe it should. I like you. I'd say American society agrees more on the criminal system on "how we believe it should" operate, than the health care system. But yes, feel free to express your view using that societal co-existence leverage. I personally would support a "universal health care system" if it only covered catestrophic health care. Where the government would only be acting as the "insurer" for the things that actually have risk tied to them. I don't see a logical reason why we should provide "coverage" for known and basic health care services. We could even subsidize preventive care services for those that need the help, but it shouldn't be "coverage". It should simply be paid when requested. There is financial waste in providing "coverage" for services that don't end up being requested and that a person can't even physically contract. We can even subsidize those with pre-existing conditions, but it should be *separate* from insurance. It doesn't make sense to have "insurance coverage" for care that is already known and will continue to be of demand. Subsidizes will only encourage higher prices though. But if you really want UHC, let's discuss government price setting and it's possible negative consequences on our own system and economy as well as on the international level, since that is how every other country with UHC operates their system. Let's discuss the possible negative impact on supply due from a reduction in market value. Supply of doctors, hospitals, medical equipment and machinery, medication, research and development, etc.. Some of which is produced here, and helping to supply the demand from other countries. If our system changes, these other countries can be negatively affected by what we do. That needs to be acknowledged. Price setting will be the basic first step in implementing UHC. So why don't we hear more discussion about it? Or let's discuss the lobbying of pharmaceutical companies. That's not simply going to stop. If government has an even stronger force of controlling the connection between consumers and health care providers, that will encourage more lobbying and more control over what treatments and medication may not be "covered" by this UHC system. Our current system sucks. Insurance companies and health care providers price fix to price indviduals out of the market place and form a neccessary "subscription service" where they don't help you negociate prices down, but simply procode you access to more conceivable market based prices. The ACA did nothing to help address the root cause of our issues, and I would contend only made matters worse. But that doesn't automatically make UHC the right path forward.
But Super PACs are still prohibited from making campaign contributions.
&gt; But health care costs are significantly lower in countries with greater regulations on the health care market It's not just "more regulation", it's one specific tegulation. Price setting. Look at any country with UHC and you will see that the government is invplved in setting price. So of course they will operate at a lower price. But what is the consewuences of that? We need to access the system as a whole, not simply focus on price. Removing revenue from the health care market reduces supply. Supply of doctors, hospitals, medical equipment, medication, research and development, etc.. The U.S. ends up subsidizing these other countries on many of those fronts. So it's very possible that if we change to a similar type of system to those other countries, they may he negatively effected. &gt; How does the libertarian world view deal with the fact that the US has comparatively less regulation and higher costs than other countries? We have higher prices because we have some of the worst regulations restricting market based pricing. "Regulations" isn't just some collective event, they all have their own different purposes and consequences. &gt; Also the outcomes, on the whole, are better in healthcare markets with greater regulation. What metric are you using?
No. Not at all. Imagine how many people would pull their donations from a candidate that didn't fulfill their campaign promises. Or simply desire their donations back after the candidate won or loss.
Yes, but why did they give money to her in the first place, is the question. But it's a MLB PAC, so just donations from individuals anyway. Why MLB *has* a PAC, is the main question for me.
It's weird how so many people are opposed to "money in politics", but jump in support of people and corporations using finacial leverage to influence policy in this way.
No. "Right to Work" states that an employee has a "right" to benefits negociated by the union when the union **chooses** to be the representative of that employee, because the employee no longer has the ability to negotiate on their own behalf. And that a requirement of union dues are a barrier to that "right". Unions could choose to only represent paying members. But they would rather be exclusive bargaining representatives and "own" the bargaining rights of *all* employees after a majority vote of the labor force.
Maybe that "should" comes from an ability to "choose". Other countries don't employ the USA's exclusive bargaining representation. They allow individuals to compete against unions and probably more importantly, allow unions to compete against other unions. We've made unions an "entity" (that's used laws to increase their own power), not simply the association they were meant to be.
Right to Work simply makes it that if a union chooses to represent an employee (thus taking away their own ability to bargain) they must provide them with the benefits negotiated using that leverage *and union dues can't be a requirement that denies that*. This is only viewed as an issue in America because unions are exclusive bargaining representatives. Unions are free to represent only paying members. They choose not to. Other countries have shown how unions can work *without* exclusive representation. Would you claim our unions have better particiation and produced better results than in other countries that only function by voluntary association? Where they allow individuals to compete against unions and allow unions to compete against other unions? "Right to Work" tries to dismantle exclusive representation, not unions in general. It attacks a monopolistic power structure, not the benefits that can come from voluntary collective bargaining.
&gt; Right to work legislation requires them to represent non-paying members within their workplace as well No. Unions **choose** who they represent. It's just that every union in the US is an exclusive bargaining representative (majority vote in favor of union means *all* employees will be represented by the union). Unions in other countries don't operate that way. *Federal* law requires that if a union represents an employee in an exclusive bargaining situation then they must provided the negotiated benefits to all employees. Federal law already recognizes that if a union takes away an employee's ability to bargain for themself, then they must provide benefits to them. Right to Work states that a union can't require union dues from non-members. They see the federal law and interpret it to be a "right", that can't require an additional burden (of financial payment). **Unions are free to represent only paying members. They choose not to.** RtW weakens unions *as they currently stand*, as exclusive bargaining agents. There's no denying that. But the question is **why** unions should have this power over simply consisting of employees that want to voluntarily associate. Again, other countries that we praise for their union results and participation **don't** have exclusive bargaining agents. So why is the USA way, the prefereable one? I need you to defend the exclusivity, not unions. I support unions as associations of employees with a common goal using collective leverage. What I oppose is unions as entities that use laws and monopolistic power to control labor.
&gt; "They don't have to, they're just required by law to and this is exploited by union busting laws" You're still not getting it. Unions are required by law to **provide benefits to those they choose to represent**. But my point is that unions **are free to choose who they represent**. &gt; Ok, then start with the repeal of taft-hartley, Oh, yeah. Because the thing better than requiring non-members to pay union dues is to simply require all employees to be members. /s You're supporting Closed Shops and stripping people of freedom of association. We are simply entirely ideologically opposed to each other that we might as well end the discussion here.
&gt; I personally think corporations should be banned from donating to political parties altogether, but that'll never happen. &gt; like what you have in the states It sounds like you don't live in America and aren't informed of our laws. Because it's *already illegal* for corporations to donated to federal candidates and national party committees. Corporations can form PACs, (aka "Corporate PACs"), but they can only fund it's operation, all donations come from individuals. They can also form Super PACs that can spend unlimitedly, but are limited to *independent* expentitures.
&gt; Interpreting this finding through a game-theoretic model, we calculate that lobbying lowered the probability of enacting the Waxman–Markey bill by 13 percentage points, representing an expected social cost of US$60 billion (in 2018 US dollars). Would certainly like to know how this model was implemented. Just from that, it sounds like it could be used is other cases as well. Would also like to know how "social cost" was determined and it they assessed any negative social costs that could come from enacting the bill.
I think the NRA's Super PAC, just like all political action committees that make independent expentitures do so to promote policy and candidates they desire, **just like we all do**. It's a form of free speech to vocalize your political opinion and petition one's government. The fact that certain avenues of speech cost money, shouldn't prohibit one from using them. Otherwise we can deny speech simply by charging for it to be expressed. That's terrifying to me. If their desires we're viewed as disastrous by the rest of voters that you make it seem to be, these politicians would not be elected. I'd say the issue is with voters not caring, not politicians being influenced by those that speak to them. Politicans will do what keeps them in power. The voters control who's in power. I would say, in maybe something we could agree on, that I oppose corporate treasury funds being used to fund Super PACs. I don't think corporations are associations when it comes to speech. There's no collective speech being relayed through the financial transaction for a television, for instance.
&gt; that is the essence of the rationalization which the Supreme Court made the decision that Corporations are Persons. The Supreme Court has never ruled that "Corporations are Persons". Some level of "personhood" exists, such as liability, but a corporation isn't granted every right that an individual is. I reject that as well. I do however believe associations of individuals have the same freedom of speech that individuals have. I just reject that corporations are associations. I would **support** a ruling that prohibited corporate treasury funds from being used for political expenditures. But I support associations of individuals raising and spending money to voice a collectively held belief. &gt; If you believe that, then you will believe that Money equates to Speech. "Money = Speech" is just uninformed rheotric that means absolutely nothing. Its not that money is speech, but that speech can't he denied simply because it costs money to voice. To not support this means that you support lobbying and political ads if they were offered for free, but banned simply because others charge for the service. That people that already have podiums (news networks, celebrities, youtube personalities, etc.) are free to speak, but those that would have to purchase for access to that same podium should be denied. We can disucuss the consequences of such a belief, but I don't understand how you can be opposed to it, even in the face of any viewed negative consequences. &gt; I would suggest that the "desires" you speak of voter's as having are not actually what the voters would "desire" if they thought about it on their own. I try not to be so condescending. I simply believe they personally benefit from other things and the cost of any negative to themselves is viewed minimally. So they acknowledge negatives, but vote on an assessment of the positives outweighing such. That's the downside of voting for representatives. You'll most likely get stuck with quite a few things you don't actually like. The issue, like I said, is that people aren't assessing it as such a large negative that you make it out to be. And that's personal preference. I don't believe people are being "manipulated", I believe they simply don't care. &gt; If you want to know WHY Corporations were interested in equating "Money" with "Speech" now you know I don't care what they think. I care that it makes logical sense. You think there is an easy divide between speech from a free/owned podium and speech made after purchase of a podium. People *already* have access to podiums unequally and nothing you discuss attempts to address that. So they will be the ones that can speak, while everyone else is denied. Do you want a world where someone can offer free podiums to only certain people, thus dictating what message gets broadcasted to the world? I'm stating that *your* position is illogical, immoral, and short sighted. You can frame it as my position being the immoral one, but I deeply disagree due to the outcome that comes from what you desire instead. If you want to refute my position, you need to refute the free versus paid podium inequality assessment.
So what do you mean by that? That the government pays birth control manufacturers and offer for free to anyone that requests such? That the govenrment mandate that birth control be sold for free? That the government mandate that it be produced? That the government itself produce it?
Same with sex and age. We *like* "Ladies Night"s and Senior Citizen Discounts. That's "good" discrimination so it's allowed.
&gt; Purchasing instagram was a violation of anti-trust law IMO &gt; You can’t buy out all your competitors... How do we assess a "common market"? As in, what makes two companies competitors *enough so* as to be an anti-trust issue? Is "Social Media Platform" a single type of product? I mean, Facebook and Instagram seem to offer some pretty different experiences. And one would easily gracitate to one of the other based on a certain service wanting to be fulfilled. I don't see them as substitutes. I don't really see them as competitors. Why do you believe they are?
Are you discussing all drugs or only those viewed as "recreational"? Should we remove the barrier of requiring a prescription to access most drugs (medication)?
"Killing is wrong, and bad. There should be a new, stronger word for killing like badwrong or badong. Yes, killing is badong. From this moment, I will stand for the opposite of killing, gnodab."
It's "progressive" logic. The same logic that somehow rationalizes to people that a gun manufacturer/seller should be responsible for a gun they produce/sell being used in a crime. It drops individual responsibility and attempts to place blame instead on those that are perceived to be able to "afford the costs" the easiest. It takes the idea of wealth redistribution and translates it to all individual desire, actions, and repercussions.
Yes. If twitter can block any and all people from attending any discussion on the platform, Donald Trump as a participant should have that ability as well when it comes to his own comments. He's a user on a private platform, just like everyone else. Twitter isn't an avenue of law. If its not a violation for twitter to block a person from the site (and thus from politicians), how can it be a violation for Trump to do so *using the platforms abilities offered to everyone*? He's not blocking speech through a law or congress. He's using a tool awarded to all. And "blocking" someone doesn't prevent users from engaging with the their online speech. Donald Trump is still free to "mute" the comments. He's not required to read them. And anyone else can voice their opinion from their own twitter post and @ the president to any particular tweet. So what exactly is being prevented here? **Or to another point...** Trump doesn't block, twitter does. A user hits a button that requests the company to take an action. If it's a violation, it's on twitter to deny that action when it comes to politicians. Should we legally prohibit a politician from requesting use of a tool offered to all on a private platform, or prohibit twitter from fulfilling that request when it comes to politicians? The latter seems like an actual policy. The former seems like some idiotic statement with no place in law. And even if it's a policy that Twitter adopts or is mandated to adapt through created law, I don't see how it at all applies to the constitution. I don't see how what a private company chooses to do can be an unconstitutional act. **It seems the fact of it being a twitter act is not being acknowledged. Either by activist judges trying to apply a consitutionality test that shouldn't be applicable. Or by judges that don't understand how the things they wish to regulate actually function.**
I mean, I understand that logic, but they are gatekeeping. It's not possible to exchange such services with others without this state license. The previous guy is arguing from a point of view that the state shouldn't be able to set such restrictions on an established restriction of a license. The question is, under a system of licensing, to what extent restrictions can be placed to access such a license? Can the state require that the access to any type of license be contingent on whatever they so choose? To *any* extent? Can they set a requirement of a "license" on any activity they choose? I mean, "private clubs" and places of public accomodation are acknowledged in law as being different when it comes to allowing discrimination. Why exactly does that distinction exist? What's truly the difference between offering services to people who are "members" and those that buy some fictitious "daily membership" from simply buying something that day?
&gt; Do you think that bigots who object to interracial couples should be entitled to refuse to sell them goods and services? Not "entitled", but allowed, yes. Protected Classes are subjective moral creations that create unequal protection in the law. Prioritizing certain characteristics over others and establishing them as having higher legal priority. The same power that has allowed our nation to discriminate based on certain characteristics in our history (slavery, voting rights, internment camps, etc.) allows them to choose certain characteristics that receive more legal protections than others. "Protected Classes" seem to form from an observation of discrimination occuring and a society agreeing such discrimination is "immoral". **That means** that discrimination that isn't viewed as immoral will continue to be allowed. They also form when "enough" discrimination has occured. Which means the individual being discriminated against didn't matter, but only when a "group" is discriminated against does society believe action should occur. That's anti-individualistic. &gt; Well, regardless of your position, as a nation, we've decided no, that's not okay. I acknowedge that. But like I said, the question still exists when it comes to "private clubs" and public accommodation. And why do you believe sex and age were exempt from public accomodation protection in the Civil Rights Act? Did we as a society simply "enjoy" discriminating against such? How many people do you hear opposed to Senior Citizen Discounts? I know my position is one looked down upon, but at least it's based on a principle that doesn't require identifying which characteristics are "worthy" enough of protection and which ones are not. And this "bigot" isn't opposed to gays, he is opposed to same sex marriage and simply doesn't want to support it himself. Nothing about that is bigotry. People throw that term around way to loosely.
Bigotry is an intolerance or hatred of other's opinions or "group status". You don't have to be supportive of something to be tolerant of it. Or maybe you would like to offer an alternative definition for bigotry? Then I can either reject it or accept it?
&gt; It helps even things up. Okay. Let's take your position. *When* does it become equal? And when that arrives, can such policy be removed? If such policy remains, how can it remain is an equal balance when it's addition to one side and not the other? Does that addition somehow grant us *equality*? What assessment leads you to believe A + AA = B? That somehow AA is a static rate that doesn't change as society changes? &gt; Of course when you are in a privileged group affirmative action looks unfair to you, but that is because you don’t recognise the head start you get. No, it's actually quite easy to observe the suffering of others. The question is if discrimination to equal out past discrimination is 1. A solution to equality and 2. A moral thing to do.
Again, *how* do you determine when it gets closer to equal? It's hard to judge perceptions against those marginalized groups as we currently discriminate in the other direction. And it's not like you can set a standard rate of "whites are accepted at this rate proportional to their population, so it becomes "equal" when all other races are accepted at that rate". Because groups won't be equal like that *no matter* how you divide them.
Wisconsin does it as well. I'm curious to know what number of states *don't* do it this way.
&gt; Well, the law does not agree, Again, I know. What's your point of continuing to state that? Should we never question our laws? &gt; that HE is the only one who acts upon carefully considered principles Not at all what I said. I know the principles of others. They view a "collective" as having more rights than individuals. And they have a moral standard that says certain characteristics are more worthy of protection than others (exactly how people that created laws against specific groups thought). I can't make that moral distinction. I'm not saying they are objectively wrong or immoral. It's simply a set of principles I disagree with. I understand the moral *desire* to create equal access. I just don't believe protected classes truly do that, and more importantly that they infringe on a another moral desire of mine based on individual property and self ownership of services rendered. I disagree with a principle set that must determine some "groups" as having more protections than simply all individuals. That we must pinpoint and favor specific characteristics over others. &gt; the ignorant Libertarian bigot In what way am I ignorant? What don't you believe I am considering? I'm not a libertarian. I'm a supporter of individualism that still supports some collective governmental programs, but massive radical change of our of systems. I don't see how I am a bigot. Can you give me your definition? &gt; You're such a pathetic cliché. Thought this sub was above these type of comments. I'm all for continuing a discussion about the ideas. But you seemed to have dismissed them as "bigoted" and haven't actually addressed any of what I view to be rational points against protected classes. You have attacked me rather than addressed the ideas. This is a "collectivist" mindset that attributes "group terms" to people to label them negatively so others can dismiss individuals on that basis rather than hearing the actual ideas and rationale behind such. History teaches us quite a bit of the negative affects of such (ex. holocaust badges. "Whoever I deem as a bigot, is an enemy of our people") Where the ideas don't get discussed, and the labels control the narrative.
&gt; Pure hetero/homesexuality is probably pretty rare. This is what people need to understand. Homosexuality and Hetereosexuality are just social labels to categorize people *based on another socially created group*. It won't perfectly define individuals. The terms aren't even that well defined. If someone is attracted to "dickgirls", are they gay or straight? What takes priority, primary sexual characteristics or secondary sexual characteristics? If a straight male sees someone from behind with a thin waist and wide hips with an ass they find attractive, but it turns out to be a man, was that a "homosexual thought"? Can a sexual attraction based on an emotional or mental connection ever trump that based upon sexual characteristics? People have placed way to much "absolutism" is such labels.
I understand it. I dislike it. I think the power it rests on is one the government should not have. We didn't outlaw discrimination. We outlawed discrimination based on a few specific characteristics. And to do such, you need to evaluate certain characteristics that should be legal to discriminate against. *I understand* that the only reason why religion is a protected class was to get votes in favor of the law in totality for those that very well opposed other provisions. ("I want protections for my persecuted group if these other people are going to get protections"). I'm Christian. It's fucking idiotic for religion to be a protected class. There is no difference between relgious beliefs and any other beliefs one might hold. *I understand* that sex and age were exempt from the public accomodation protection because such discrimination was still viewed as "preferable". **That's precisely my opposition to it all**. The picking and choosing.
Can we stop conflating Net Neutrality &amp; Title II as if they were the same exact thing?
For me personally it was about the unfettered regulatory power that Title II grants. I **want** congress to legislate Net Neutrality rules. I don't want Title II classification of ISPs. The issue I have is that both sides (politicians and all others) don't acknowledge that difference.
This is part of the reason why I support Range (Score) Voting. And I'd prefer a scale of negative 5 to positive 5. Zero being neutral. You want to simply "vote against" someone? Fill in a negative number for that candidate and leave the rest blank. Side Note: I hate how much ranked voting is seen as the alternative that should be implemented. So many problems with it.
No. That ruling established that the FCC didn't have authority to enforce Net Neutrality rules. You know who can give them authority? Congress. Through legislating a bill. I want congress to give the FCC regulatory authority over the thing I want regulated. I don't want the FCC to grant themselves the authority for everything that Title II allows. Those in *favor* of NN should desire this as well. Why? Because... 1. Title II doesn't require the FCC to actually enforce anything. It grants them authority, that's it. Even as NN rules exist, the FCC can simply choose to not follow rules they themselves have made. An FCC under Pai simply won't enforce NN. But if we legislate it, we can require it. 2. Somewhat part of point one, but it will create regulatory uncertainty. Because NN enforcement can move back and forth based on the partisan majority of the FCC. Such instability and uncertainty is bad for everyone (ISPs as well as consumers). 3. Title II grants many more authorities to the FCC than they need to enforce NN. People should not favor giving more authority than needed to get something done. If you support more regulatory control (like it seems most Democrat politicians do) then fine, but be honest with your intentions. Both parties don't want to legislate NN specifically. Republicans to not have the regulation, and Democrats to have all the regulatory power Title II grants. Tom Wheeler himself *did not want* to implement Title II classification originally. He only did so after acknowledging that congress would not act. That Obama would rather put pressure on Wheeler, than congress. And limited their regulatory scope to a few specific things through a "promise". But I have no trust in a regulatory body to not use the powers awarded to them. Our partisan system have desolved into only offering us two choices. I reject that limitation. I'm not going to choose from the choices provided. I'm going to promote the idea I believe is best.
Well it's a matter of preference of certain criteria. You can check out a small chart here... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_electoral_systems Ranked Voting (or at least IRV) fails certain criteria I view as important... * Monotone * Consistency * Participation * Resversal Symmetry More information on each can be found from that same chart. I believe a system that fails participation should in no way ever be considered. You should never be encouraged to not vote.
The court ruled that **According to Communications Act of 1934**, the FCC does not have authority to enforce NN type regulations on ISPs that they label as broadband providers, not common carriers. You know what can trump an act? Another act/bill or at least a revision of such. Legislation that *does* grant them authority to enforce a certain type of regulation even as ISPs maintain the broadband label under Title I classification. I suggest you read and *comprehend* the link you provided yourself before attempting to criticize others. If you still refute my conclusion, you're going to have to actually explain why I'm wrong.
What you lay out is what *the FCC* has the ability to do. I agree with you, the court said "Hey, if you guys want to regulate ISPs in such a manner then just reclassify ISPs as common carriers". But another way of giving the FCC the authority to enforce NN is through legislation. Legislation that would included *limited regulatory authority specific to NN*, rather than the sweeping regulatory authority that Title II grants. The Supreme Court rules on existing law. They responded to the FCC to what extent *they themselves* can control their own authority according to current law. **I'm asking Congress to change the law**. I think you're being "clueless" on exactly what I'm saying.
Is she anti-vaccine or simply against this bill?
One is not "Anti-Vax" simply if they oppose the CA bill. Is every state that doesn't have the same restrictions "anti-vax"? Let us not allow memes to spread misinformation.
Do you have proof that she is against vaccines? From what I read she is just against the CA vaccination bill.
Why is this guilded so much? Like, it's not some original content or some post that needs the exposer. I don't understand redditors.
The state does not give you your **freedoms**. **Rights** are specifically the government saying they won't impose on certain freedoms. Rights don't exist without an authoritative body of control, where certain freedoms are protected and others are not. The *rights* we hold dear are government saying they won't restrict freedoms. You have the freedom to speak. You're "right to free speech" is a government promise to not infringe on such. Rights are *not* universal. Freedoms are. Governments establish what the rights will be in any culture. These quotes are just feel good rheotric. Many often praising "God" for these rights as if they were granted to all the people on earth. They don't actually make any logical sense.
Gender Identity, and thus Transgenderism. I don't understand how you can have an identity based on a socially constructed label. I'm a cis male. I don't "identify" as such, but society labels me as such and I use such words to convey a certain meaning to others. If I can "identify" as a certain gender for any reason I so choose, the labels have no meaning. And are then useless in social understanding as well as self-identity. I do understand wanting to belong to social groups that may reject and judge you based on social labels. But seeking to want to be accepted in such groups, is something separate from personal identity. However, even that has issues when people demand others accept them. I can't simply declare I'm a woman, black, a Republican, compassionate, etc.. Otherwise the distinctions for why those labels exist and are in contrast to other groups and labels, are destroyed and thus there is no point in using such terms.
&gt; See you've been told all your life "Boys are like this and girls are different like this" and so you choose to act like I understand that. I **reject** that. A person can reject social norms and want to change them without personally identifying as another gender. A man can desire to wear dresses, wear makeup, be emotional, want to hang around in female social circles, etc.. That doesn't make him a "woman". Yes, society puts pressure on people to act a certain way. That applies to **everything**. If society wants me to act compassionately, that doesn't mean I can claim I'm compassionate when acting like an asshole. A person acts a certain way. Society defines them usong labels. I don't see how someone personally identifies as a gender.
I've watched some of her stuff. She never truly gets at the heart of the issue. In one video, she even points out exactly the point I'm making here, but she then still somehow *concludes* that people are assholes that don't accept something that she can't even explain to herself. She makes good discussions, but I oppose her conclusions. She starts off psychological, but then makes an emotional appeal to end. I've commented to her directly with my questions, without response.
I understand body dysmorphia. If all transgender meant was body dysmorphia in relation to primary and secondary sexual characteristics, I could understand that. But that's not all it is.
&gt; This is biological, our brains normally do this and integrate these aspects into ourselves, but people who are transgender have the brain of someone of the other gender, That is something science seems to not support. Plus, the idea is somewhat absurd to begin with. People don't have "male" and "female" brains, they have brains that can be placed in certain groups based on observed similarities. Just because someone is an outlier to that expectation, doesn't make them a different gender. All brains are different. &gt; But for transpeople that process is passive, they are perceived by society to be a certain way, but internally feel complete separate from that perception. The idea that you are placed into a social group that you don't feel like you belong, *happens to everyone* in many different ways. We all face labels we wish to reject. If the "transgender community" wants to accept that "man" and "woman" have a specific definition that a society can take meaning from such terms, I'm on board. But the belief behind gender ideity seems to be that tou can be a certain gender for *any reason anyone so chooses*. **That's what I don't understand**. If we are "buying into" the current social expectations of genders, then I can understand it. But I thought we were trying to reject them?
I acknowledge that gender isn't binary. What I oppose is people taking it as a sense of identity, getting offended that a social group term doesn't perfectly define an individual. Sexual Attraction isn't binary either. The sexual oreintation classifications of homosexual and heterosexual were created to label similar people into a certain group based on attraction to primary and secondary sexual characteristics. We're all "a little bi", but the extreme ends are defined thus placing people into groups that are much closer to one side than the other. We don't need to create group labels for every individual that is an outlier. That defeats the whole point of these *group* classifications. &gt; Transgender brains are more like those of their desired gender from an early age A brain doesn't have a gender. Similar brains can be placed in gender categories *created* by us. "Transgender brains" being more like those of their desire gender isn't something I'm rejecting in theory. A person in a male body with a brain that's similar to those more often in female bodies does happen. They are outliers to what most often occurs based on previous observations. But that doesn't mean that someone with a brain more often associated with females is a woman. They are just statistical outliers. To conclude anything else is a misunderstanding of the science and what science is as a concept.
&gt; It's not real, it's just words. You can feel however you want, and no one can tell you how you feel. And words exist to convey meaning. I want people to feel however they want. What I'm opposed to (or at least don't understand) is individuals claiming that they belong to a group for a multitude of reasons. If all transgender people were claiming "I'm a woman because I fit into the social expectations of women", then that at least makes sense. I still reject that, but would understand it. What I don't understand is the attempt to allow individuals to claim they own a social label for any trason they so choose. Because then the *words* are meaingless. They cease to convey a meaning. This isn't a biological/mental status question to me, it's rather one of language. That if you want to have a label, you need to define it for me. And if that definition is suppose to be accepted even if it contradicts other people's definitions that we are also suppose to accept, then I'm just baffled by whatever "logic" is occuring. *Here's the only question I need answered. Define each of the genders. If you can't do that, then there is no reason for me to use that label to acknowledge you by.* There needs to be some distinction between the group terms, or they are useless as separate terms. &gt; It's like someone saying you're not happy or sad. How can they know? If you feel happy, you're happy. If you feel sad, you're sad. That's not up to anyone else. If you feel like a girl, you're a girl. You feel however you want. You don't need a label to tell you how you feel. Labels, as words, are there to convey meaning to others. They don't exist for personal use. If you felt happy, and someone labeled you as sad, you'd defend yourself by explaining the various socially accepted attributes that help define happiness. If you believe you are a girl, you must do the same type of justification. Present **why** you are a girl. And that needs to either have some universally accepted standard, or it doesn't axtually convey anything. &gt; Simple as that. I really don't think you've thought enough about this issue. Try to rationalize yourself into this idea without any consideration that you may offend someone else. "I'm a waste bucket because I like to write poetry". Would you accept that? Or do you believe words have meaning that can't simply be changed by any one individual?
&gt; All a gender identity is is based on social expectations and how your internal preferences line up against them. Then it's not an identity. You are you. You don't suddenly become someone else because you arrive in a different culture with different social expectations. Imagine two cultures. You have a beard. Culture A says you are man for such. Culture B says you are a woman for such. If you move from culture A to culture B are you going to have an identity crisis, or simply still be you with a society that labels you something differently? What I don't understand is the weight people are placing on a social group label to define themselves by. These labels aren't for personal use, they are there to convey meaning to others in a society. I'm a white Christian Male not because I identify as such, but because they are terms that convey meaning to the rest of society. If you called me a black atheist woman, that wouldn't actually change who I am or what I believe. &gt; In absence of social expectations, gender identity does not exist. Most transgender people I've talked to reject your claim. That gender identity isn't tied to social norms. You're making the claim that anyone that identifies as a woman, must then be doing so because they believe they fit with the social expectations of women. That is *not* the case. If it was, gender identity would have some basis of definition, and thus I could understand it. What I *don't understand* has been the presentation that any one individual can claim they are of a specific gender label for any reason they so choose. What I don't understand is how labels are suppose to exist if they *don't* convey some sort of meaining. If all transgenders were saying "I'm feminine, and thus a woman" that is something one can understand. I would still reject that, but I would understand it. My issue is that people that support gender identity can't actually define the genders. Words aren't for personal use, they are used to convey meaning to others in society. My entire point is not one to address biological or mental status, it's a question of language and the usage of group labels. &gt; In the scientific, hard data category, people transition because it raises quality of life and lowers suicide rates. It *can*, but the results aren't always positive. The issue with physically transitioning is that it may be desired for two very different reasons. It also helps to explain why suicide rates are still very high post-op. One can desire to transition because they have body dysmorphia of specific primary and secondary sexual characteristics. These people would feel good with a transition that gives them the attributes they desire. But a perception of what they will look like, may not be fulfilled as desired. And thus the treatment would prove ineffective. This doesn't involve the rest of society. Another reason why people may desire to transition is to be socially accepted as the opposite gender. That means they will only be happy if their transition can be convincing to the rest of society. If that doesn't occur, then they may hate that they transitioned. And may even discover that they *now* have body dysmorphia with these sexual attributes that they didn't want for themselves, but simply to convey a message to others. Many people who have transitioned have regretted it. That's why it's still a very contentious issue. Certainly, it does help many people. And certainly should be something accessible. I'm just trying to explain the potential negatives as well.
&gt; So every trans person needs to have a readily prepared essay detailing how and why they're trans? No. They need to explain why they are of a gender, a social grouping term. If a person wants to say they are white, or a Christian, or compassionate, they should be able to explain why they are. &gt; Does every person you meet need to explain how they came to the gender they are? Yes. Most people will say "I'm a male, thus a man". That's at least a description. &gt; People don't need to provide justification on how they feel. **I agree**. What you need to provide justification for is why you should be awarded a social label for feeling a certain way. &gt; I'm a cis male, I don't need to explain \*why\* when I say I'm a man, why should anyone else? But you do. It's in the definition of *cis*. That you're a man because you are of the male biological sex. It doesn't matter if that's "correct", it matters that it conveys a certain meaning. I can understand why you declare yourself such. And when I use the term for others, it has the same meaning. &gt; Their gender isn't about you. How is a social grouping term, not about the social usage of the term? When does an individual *ever* get to declare what labels that society assigns to them? Words have meaning. If people want to change definitions of these labels, fine. But there needs to be some definition to convey meaning. If there is no definition how do you even assess a distinction between the genders? **If you can't define man and woman, then you can't claim they are different.** &gt; What gender someone is shouldn't really have any impact on how you deal with them, so why does it matter what they say they are? Because we live in a society that recognizes gender. And there is an encrouchment on sex. Why should bathroom access be contingent on gender identity, rather then segregated based on perceived gender? The segregation seems desired because of a sense of safety and security. So why would we divide based on individual identity? Should sports be divided by a gender identity (what one single individual beliefs about themselves) or based on bioligical sex that has statistical significance in specifying a certain difference in level of competition? An individual owns their first name. Everything else is a a social classification. If I call people he and she for a certain reason, why should someone else be able to declare that I must call them she rather than he without giving me a reason for such? We use words because we associate something with them. Words become meaningless if you can't actually tell someone what it is to convey. You're white? Why? You're not an asshole? Why? You're tall? Why? You're an atheist? Why? Everyone should be able to provide answers to these questions. I don't see why gender would be exempt. &gt; Just let them be them. **I fully support that**. Someone's gender shouldn't restrict who they are. That's precisely *my* point. That a man can still be a man no matter how they choose to act of what they believe. &gt; words change meaning all the time. *Again*, I understand and accept that. But you need to present a *new* definition. And you can't allow every individual to make up their own definition. Because then it becomes meaningless as a term. Let me spell this out with an easy example. Person A - "I'm a man because I have a beard". Person B - "I'm a woman because I have a beard". Both can't be correct. You can't just allow every individual to define why they are a part of a group term. Because then the terms don't actually convey anything. And if they don't convey anything to society, why does an individual feel the need to have such a label? A person can believe whatever they want, but labels (aka words) exist to convey meaning *to others*. What does an individual get out of declaring they are a man for themself? That doesn't exist is a scenario of a single individual living alone. They are just themselves, they have **no need** for such labels. The labels exist for grouping individuals within a society. &gt; Not understanding it doesn't invalidate it. If people want to use words in a different way from how I understand them, then yes, it does invalidate the words if not presented with an alternative definition. If I call myself a person of amazing intellect and compassion and tell others of such, would you simply accept my personal identity, or based upon your understanding of such terms refuse to accept such? Like why would you ever concede that someone can be so delusional about themself? Even if you wanted to be accepting, you should attempt to understand *why* they believe they are intelligent and compassionate. Right? If we are going to live in a society where words are used to communicate with one another, we should use words that convey meaning. And if terms are **not** well defined, they are a poor communication tools and should be rejected outright. **If you can't define why you are a certain word, then what's the purpose of using that word?**
&gt; The protest has already become not only about the extradition law, but numerous other conundrums critically compounded Great, they ruined it. Protests only work with a united message. Once you get subfactions that are promoting other issues then the weight of the original message gets destroyed. You think everyone protesting is there protesting every single issue you list? No. Thus it's easy to combat the entire movement as being about various issues with smaller amounts of people supporting each issue. You don't join a protest and bring along your own message to promote, and use the mob as an attempt to create a perception that they all support your message. It's the terrible tactic that is killing the effectiveness of protests, and *should* also just be viewed as a dick move.
&gt; experience a lot of suffering stemming from dysphoria, which in itself is based in societal perceptions of the person. And thus changing one's "identity" wouldn't solve that. They need to change the perception of others. I understand wanting to belong to groups that one would rather belong to in society. If I want to be recognized as a woman because I want the social expection people place on women rather than men, I can understand that. What I don't understand is a self identity that one is a woman over being a man. I don't understand how gender identity exists. My point is that I think it makes more sense to change the social expectations of your currently assigned group (*by being yourself and thus fighting against the current perceptions*) rather than attempt to declare you should receive a different social label for any reason you so choose. Example. People like compassionate people. Thus I want the social expectations that people place on compassionate people. Therefore I'm going to declare to others that I'm compassionate. Should people accept my determination of such a label, or reject it based on a supported social definition of what it means to be such? Should black people simply have identified as a white when they were enslaved? Should women simply have identified as men to be able to vote before they received the right of such? Or do these groups instead fight against the negative perceptions? In talking with transpeople, being transgender is an actual sense of identity (internal), rather than just desiring to not be stigmatized by society (external). This is what I don't understand.
&gt; . I am arguing that how well your preferences align with social gender roles is your gender identity. And I'm saying that that doesn't seem to be the position held to explain transgenderism. If "woman" was simply a label to be provided to those that "look womanly" or "act like a woman" then there is some base definition. And I could understand that. If every trans woman was to "present" as a woman based on social expectations, then I could understand the desire for the label. **But that's not what is occuring**. At this same time, people are *fighting* these social expectations. There are trans people that identify as one gender and don't feel the need to buy into the social expectations. &gt; My position is that 'woman' is a more useful label for a trans woman that has transitioned than 'man'. And I understand that position. But that's not the actual position. Not all transgender people even feel the desire to physically transition. You're dividing the transgender "community" by only awarding the label if they can "present" as that gender. Gender Identity is about a **self identity**, not simply a desire for another label to be used by society to describe oneself as.
Another comment by a Democrat/progressive to explain what the GOP *really* is or stands for? Really? These posts are just thinly veiled conspiracy theories with a foundation of perception based on bias/preference. And "they" wanted Jeb!? I'd love to see the evidence of that.
I've always had a question regarding this... &gt; Social Security benefits have significantly improved the economic well-being *of the nation*, reducing poverty *among the elderly* by 62 percent over the past 30 years. What has it done for the rest of the nation? What has it done for the poor and young who are now receiving less money as they must pay payroll tax? Has such *increased* the amount of people that feel the need for governmental help (as having less money at a young age means less for saving, or advancing one's education and therefore job prospects, etc.)? I tend to question the system as it seems to strip money away from people to encourage them to have the system provide benefits. It's a system created that seems to never have any incentive of being removed by the people it affects, even as it does provide negatives.
Commission a build. Many people come to this sub with the desire to customize their own PC, but don't have the exact knowledge on what products are good for their applications, are compatible with each other, or how to put it all to together in a form factor. Or maybe they just don't have the time.
What opinion would you like me to refute? Specify one and I will. I won't say I can answer in an affirmative in another direction, but there are most likely other possible reasons for why things occur than the opinion being declared as fact.
What I "assume" is that the poor die earlier and are often more in need of the benefits so they take them early, thus reducing the payout they can receive. Where it can take a decade to "breakeven" in what was taken from them. What I "assume" is that such a system can easily change in 50 years, where benefits could be reduced, where the age of access could rise, etc. Listen, I'm not arguing against a system that provides welfare to the elderly. What I oppose is a system that takes from the very people it is intending to help. I'm oppose to how the system is funded. Payroll taxes also disincentivize wage growth and employment. Which again, I believe hurt the poor and young the most. &gt; but instead some kind of weird entirely separate set of people. Weird. That's precisely what I'm opposing. I'm here claiming that these old people were once young.
&gt; If Social Security was shortening lives of the poor who pay into the system That's not at all what I was claiming. I was saying how the poor are forced into taking less benefits because they need it immediately. And thus the ultra poor are hurt more than those that have the luxury of waiting a few more years. And the poor die earlier (than those that are wealthy), and thus have less time to accrue benefits. And even if that is what I was claiming, you providing evidence of overall life expectancy doesn't say anything about the life expectancy of a certain subsection of the population. Especially a subsection that may have less access to medication and health procedures, and simply may already be in worse physical condition at the time they can acquire SS benefits (since they didn't have the money when they were young to maintain their health, something payroll taxes further hurt).
I don't think those are different questions. I think you misinterpreted my point, so I rephrased it in a way to better pinpoint negatives, rather than an overall assessment. But I believe an overall assessment includes negatives. That's why I don't see them as being different questions.
My point is that I would rather support a welfare system for the elderly and disabled, that isn't funded through payroll taxes and the very poor it's trying to help. As in I'd like policy change to completely revamp the entire system rather than believe that adjusting the age of access is somehow going to solve anything meaningful. I desire a better system. I oppose Social Security because I don't see it as an efficient way of providing welfare. It may provide some positives, but I'd rather provide those positives without the negatives also tied to it. Why does the elimination of positive results always seem to be the assumption people make when someone simply wants change? Have you never opposed something because you think something new could provide better results?
That's an argument for welfare provided to the elderly. I can acknowledge the benefits of doing such. I want to do such. I just think SS is a poor program with how it's funded and what I view as inefficiencies.
Not that they benefit more, but that they suffer less negatives. And it's not just about the benefits payments as it pertains to age, but how the system is funded through payroll taxes and how that effects society. My main cocern and point is that taking from the poor creates negatives not just finacially for them, but overall economically and culturally. And I *don't* believe that SS payments actually produce a net benefit to all of that.
Well I would keep the "employer portion" of payroll taxes because that's now a lost cause (employers would just keep it rather than it continue to be a factor of employee compensation). So it would be "half funded" from that. The hope would also be that we would require less funds with the "employee portion" going back to the employee. To fund it, there's only so much a federal government can do. Realistically, we'd be looking to raise income taxes. I mean, I have desires to completely revamp that as well (prefereing a logarithmic formula where low income is exempt amd there is no top limit. Unlimited "brackets", rather than what we have now). I'd also certainly like to simply reduce cost. Pulling funds from other government "programs" (the military, etc.) I couldn't give you an exact plan without the knowledge of where all current government funds are going and how they are being used. I would change it by it just being a welfare system. That mean no payments made to the wealthy (further reducing the amount we need to fund).
No. He mischaracterizes Peterson's argument so he can attack it in a way that he knows how. Peterson doesn't claim humans should act a certain way, he explains why they may very well act the way they do. And why it's not a simple thing to "fix". Listen to Peterson discuss women in the workplace, as one example. Is it possible that women wearing make up and high heels and men wearing bland suits contributes to a certain perception of hierarchical difference? He's trying to point out that "fixing" heirachies isn't a simply task *especially* when people aren't addressing the very possible reasons for such, and would rather just claim they shouldn't exist and think everything should turn out alright just from that desire alone. If we want to change heirachies, we may have to look at adjusting *everything* about ourselves. And the critique against anyone "anti-capitalist" is that they may want to address "unjust" heirachies, but anytime you allow for growth in a society where people **are** different (talent wise, knowledge wise, physical capability wise, etc.) it will create heirachies. Anytime you allow people to own personal property, some people will achieve more than others by providing services that benefit society more than others are capable of doing. The critique is that people don't want to acknowledge that hierachies *are* natural, no matter how they form. We can attempt to change the current ones, but there's no reason to believe they will go away, they will just shift to a new basis. Even without capitalism, we will have perceptions of people as being more productive, as being smarter, as being more compassionate, etc. than others. This will create social heirachies. Where some people are favored over others. And if *any* such power structure exists (which it always does), these people are often promoted to such positions. Even if they are simply viewed as "the old wise elder", they will have more power over society than others.
&gt; Of course hierarchies exist in nature, but not everywhere; they don't *have* to exist. They are optional. So if we want to remove hierarchies that's also fine. Any evidence of this? How would they not exist, espiceally in a species where we are different from one another and desire to acknoweldge those differences? Listen to Peterson discuss women in the workplace, as one example. Is it possible that women wearing make up and high heels and men wearing bland suits contributes to a certain perception of hierarchical difference? He's trying to point out that "fixing" heirachies isn't a simply task *especially* when people aren't addressing the very possible reasons for such, and would rather just claim they shouldn't exist and think everything should turn out alright just from that desire alone. If we want to change heirachies, we may have to look at adjusting *everything* about ourselves. And the critique against anyone "anti-capitalist" is that they may want to address "unjust" heirachies, but anytime you allow for growth in a society where people **are** different (talent wise, knowledge wise, physical capability wise, etc.) it will create heirachies. Anytime you allow people to own personal property, some people will achieve more than others by providing services that benefit society more than others are capable of doing. The critique is that people don't want to acknowledge that hierachies *are* natural, no matter how they form. We can attempt to change the current ones, but there's no reason to believe they will go away, they will just shift to a new basis. Even without capitalism, we will have perceptions of people as being more productive, as being smarter, as being more compassionate, etc. than others. This will create social heirachies. Where some people are favored over others. And if *any* such power structure exists (which it always does), these people are often promoted to such positions. Even if they are simply viewed as "the old wise elder", they will have more power over society than others.
&gt; At that point, maybe we need to look into what causes them and so on That's the point I'm making. And hierachies are natural because we view differences between us. If we were all gray blobs with the same capabilities, the same thoughts, etc. then we wouldn't have heirachies. We *will* have hierarchies because we acknowedge the differences between us. We can *change* hierachies. But their existence isn't something we can do away with. The critique is that people can't acknowledge this or are delusional if they think we could perceive all other people the same. The fact is that people **won't** stop acknowledging that people are smarter than others, or more capable of a certain task than others, or more compassionate than others. It's *natural* to assess those differences between us. And that creates hierachies. People seem to be under a false impression that "hierachies" are an automatic negative. No position of expertise can exist without heirachies. Teachers, fire fighters, bakers, etc. wouldn't exist without a perception that they are better at what they do than other people. Where people give more value to what they provide than anyone else off the street. What's an "unjust" heirachy that you think should be destroyed? Let's discuss why it may exist, what we could do to address it, and if it truly should be addressed.
I would say that a single viewpoint isn't a heirachy. A system, a social organization, is a hierachy. Someone believing that black people are inferior to white people isn't a hierachy. And there's no way of addressing such a personal belief in a systematic way. What specifically about race, sex, or nationality do you want to change? What **system** are you looking to address and change? Employment? Access to public accomodation? Accreditation? Immigration? &gt; "the more wealth you have access to the higher up the hierarchy you are". I wouldn't say that is the current system. The system is rather that people who are placed higher up on the hierachy achieve more wealth. Bill Gates was given wealth because people viewed him as superior to others is ways seen as valuable. Kim Kardashian was given wealth because (at least enough people) viewed her as providing something of value (people value celebrity status) and became wealthy from it. Plenty of people can disagree with that value accessment. And if you want to change these hierachies, I would tell you we need to address the value assessments our culture currently makes. It's not always the person, but what they provide. Chris Brown can be viewed as a woman beater, but if people still enjoy and value his product of music, he can attain wealth. Who do you believe is valuing someone higher simply because they have wealth, and not for the reasons they attained it? I'm truly curious to know why you believe that statement you made.
Hierachy - "a system or organization in which people or groups are ranked one above the other according to status or authority." It's not about how many people hold a viewpoint. It's about a viewpoint being used as a rational for a system. A million people can be racist, but if they don't actually use such views in a system of ranking, then their racism isn't a part of establishing a hierachy. That's why I asked for a specific system you want to address. Its the discrimination you are voicing opposition to. So discrimination in what regard? In what context?
Honest question regard the study, are women trying to commit suicide or purposely using a faulty attempt to receive emotional support? Like if someone posts a photo of themselves and says "I'm so fat", they may very well be looking for emotional support that they aren't, rather than declaring they are fat.
It's an argument that acknoweldges our labor laws surrounding unions. Most unions in the US operate an exclusive bargaining representatives. Where through a majority vote, they take the bargaining ability from *all* employees in a labor pool and bargain on behalf of all employees. Where individuals can't bargain for themselves and where another union can't exist beside them. They *monopolize* the labor force. Other countries that have much better union participation and have produced better results when it comes to benefits for workers do *not* have these restrictions. *This is what I want people to address, why we need exclusive representation.* The people who oppose unions do so because they see unions defending bad employees, which exclusive representation encourages. That unions exist as entities, not simply a group of employees seeking better benefits. I fully support voluntary association and can acknowledge the benefit of collective bargaining. What I oppose is the power hungry entities unions current are. Exclusive representation is also why people view right to work legislation as a negative. Unions are *completely free* to only represent paying members. They *choose* to represent those not paying union dues because of the power exclusive representation awards. What I think we need to debate, which isn't even acknwoedged, is if this is a power that unions should have.
&gt; or in extreme cases form a new union and leave the corrupt one. Not exactly easy when it's illegal for two unions to exist in one labor pool.
I understand why we need unions. I want an explanation of why we need **exclusive bargaining representatives**, which all US unions operate as. I mean, we look to how other countries benefit from their systems of labor, why can't we adopt their ability for individuals and other unions to "compete" against an established union? Why do we grant unions the power to monopolize a labor force?
Not illegal, but against flag code. And that's not even what that states. It states **a flag** is not to be used as such (as clothing, as a table cloth, etc.), not anything created with an image of the flag.
&gt; and everyone is on board That's the hard part. Imagine 60% of workers vote for union representation and 40% against, so that union now represents all employees. Now 2/3rds of those workers (a clear majority) who voted for union representation are now unhappy. But they only make up 40% of the vote. Knowing that, would they chance dissolving their current union?
What's the libertarian stance on consanguinity marriage?
The point of the tweet if for people to react to "43 billion" and demand that employees get paid more based upon a perception of the industry leaders raking in the cash rather than the lower level employees. Its providing misinformation to set a narrative and to pull for a specific outcome. If you think that's an incorrect assessment, what do you view as the point of the tweet?
...Yes. And something that should be acknowledged and criticized.
The issue is that he used a statistic of revenue and went on to discuss profit. It's disingenuous. When you use statistics to reinforce your message, you shouldn't misrepresent them (yes, he states 43 billion in *revenue*, but the message as a whole has the intention of comflating revenue with profit. Langauge isn't just words, it's what is conveyed to other people). That's specifically what he is doing. It's done **all** the time, and I despise it when anyone does it. Your second paragraph is a completely different proposition. And one I would question you on how you assess such. Most new businesses aren't profitable until after a few years. This has always seems to a position to me that benefits large established corporations rather than small business entrepreneurs. But then the same people hold a positon that are anti-big corp. But to the main point of your statement, are they not treating their employees well? How many people are unhappy and when would they *ever* be statisfied? How do you go about truly evaluating this? And regarding unions, I fully support employees choosing to form collectives and collectively bargain. What I oppose is exclusive bargaining representation, which all US unions use. And I would imagine an "anarcho communist" should oppose as well. But maybe I don't know enough about what that ideology supports.
No. That's how it was sold. Big difference between the rhetoric politicians speak and the actual policy that gets implemented. Minimum wage adjusted for inflation from when it orginated is just over $5.
Why use 1968? Let's use 1938, when it was first enacted. That would give us a better impression of what it "was suppose to be". Adjusted for inflation, the $0.25 minimum wage in 1938 converts to $4.54 in 2019. Not exactly sure how you're calculating your numbers. What does a monthly payment for a brand new car mean? What is your breakdown for food to just declare that $25 would be enough for one person? What is a month of income based on? Let's assume 40 hours a week for 4 weeks. 160 hours. That's $40 a month in 1938. The average price of rent in 1938 was $27. That's a good 2/3rds of one's income from a minimum wage that is "suppose to be a living wage". Milk was $0.50, $9 adjusted for inflation. A dozen eggs was 0.18, almost $3 adjusted for inflation. Your 1968 statistics are cherry picked from when it was at its highest point, 30 years after it's conception. You're the one selling propaganda. FDR was the one selling propaganda. Enacted a policy that didn't actually achieve what he sold to the American people, like most politicians do.
Okay, fair enough. But the $0.40 should to compared to 1945, as that is when the minimum wage would become $0.40, 7 years later. And they were conscious of the existence of inflation. And that number is $5.69. Let's say someone works 160 hours (8hoursx5daysx4weeks) in a month. So someone making minimum wage in 1945 was making $74 a month. From what I can find, average rent in 1945 was $60 a month. That's a massive percentage of someone's income. I don't think that's a very "livable wage".
Was this an incorrect ruling? If so, why?
What do you think that proves? It's still rhetoric, even if in a bill. That statement doesn't actually grant anything. Additionally, how do you provide a minimum standard of living when you only control income? If the goods and services necessary for the general well-being simply rise in cost, then how are you guaranteeing they are provided to people? Even if it was tied to inflation, the cost of many goods and services can outpace inflation. A "living wage" is assessed one how much things *cost*, and your ability to pay, not simply the amount of income you have. Thus simply making the income floor higher truly doesn't accomplish an ability to live on that wage. It's rheotric, and really just a flat out lie to promise anything else.
Championship sports teams visiting the white house has always been a mockery.
You can't comment there unless you support Trump, (or Cruz during the primaries). Take a principled stance on conservatism that goes against "their leader" and you'll get banned.
I'd say it's worse than that because people are actually acknowledging "the bots", but are simply attributing it to anyone they disagree with, thus only creating a further delusion that people don't actually hold opposing views.
Sexual Attraction is based on primary and secondary sexual characteristics. Women just seem to have more secondary sexual characteristics, so it makes sense that there is a higher probability of attraction coming from such a source.
&gt; You can't force someone to have an abortion. True. We'd just punish them for having the child. What's the difference between penalizing sex or penalizing giving birth? Why do we protect this "potential child" when it comes to incest, but not when it comes to legislating against abortion?
&gt; Do not conflate the two. He's not conflating the two. He's pointing out that they are both biological desires. *Acting* on those desires is a different thing. A pedophile is simply someone with a biological sexual attraction. A child sexual abuser is someone who sexually abuses children. How about people like you stop conflating those two? A perception of consent is *our* societal construct that sets a fixed aged to something that is truly individualistic. A 20 year old may not have the mental capacity to consent, but they have the legal ability to. A 14 year old may be the reverse of such. Other cultures have different perceptions of consent. Are you declaring ours objectively correct? &gt; Try spending actual time with people who are not like you that you don't understand. You try spending some time with pedophiles so you can stop conflating then with child abusers and hate/fear them for the link you yourself have created. Many child abuse cases come from a sense of authority, not of sexual attraction. &gt; you need to force yourself to experience the truth. And what is that truth? What is the objective truth in this world? Please, inform us all.
While I agree with your overall sentiment... &gt; They also take Milton Friedman out of context and claim he would have supported Yang's plan (Friedman supported UBI replacing all other welfare, including Medicare and Social Security). ...you misrepresent Friedman as well. He supported a negative income tax, not a universal basic income. One that has the goal of *reducing* the amount of people on the government dole and trapped within such a program. He is *very specific* about preference toward a 50% rate that factors in the incentives of working. A UBI places everyone on the dole at a standard rate that doesn't at all address the disincentive of working it would create. It's an entire program that we could never move passed. https://youtu.be/xtpgkX588nM It's 15 minutes long. I'm tired of such misrepresentations by Yang and others, especially for a political goal.
Agreed. Plus I still don't understand it when it comes to memory. Are these people declaring that if they look at an apple on a counter and turn away, they can't "see" the apple on the counter anymore? And if you can't "see" it, do you question if it's still there? Can this then relate to object permanence? I feel most of my "visualization" comes from memory. Even if someone constructs a scenerio of a "pink elephant riding a unicycle" (example pulled from another comment) I have to visualize an elephant I once saw, superimpose a hue of pink onto it, and replace a person riding a unicycle I once saw with an elephant. And every detail that's specific (ex. the elephant's leg motion, where the elephant is actually sitting, the pink color's behavior on an elephant's skin, etc) is not explainable as I have no good reference.
&gt; vote for the guy wanting free education for everyone, because obviously everyone knows more access to education will make it harder for them to create their own business ? University education isn't about obtaining knoweldge, it's about obtaining a diploma (aka accreditation). Sending more people to college thus **reduces** the benefit of college. As more people with diplomas, reduces the effectiveness of such accreditation. It's precisely why people struggle in today's age to find jobs even with diaplomas. Weaken the undergraduate degree, and soon the graduate degree will be the only thing that matters. Do we start paying that as well? And then what happens when that is weakened? I **want** better publically funded education. But we need to fix K-12 education, not simply throw more years at people. More years where they could be doing something actually productive. And by "fix" I don't just mean more funding, I mean as actually overhaul in how we spend money, how we teach, and how we assess/test students. We need to move **past** this system that values this sheet of paper and instead assesses the knowledge someone has in the capacity that an employer desires. So yes, the declaration that a college education is "neccessary" (and is thus being paid for) is detrimental to people wanting to start their own business.
It is your title, *you* spread the message. The issue is you spreading a message that misrepresents the situation. That's just as bad as the person that originated the message and spread it.
This isn't "from r/The_Donald", it's from a sitting US Representative's twitter.
State Level changes. Replace FPTP with Approval or Range (not Ranked). And allocated electoral votes proportionally. Federal Changes. Increase amount of Representatives in the House.
I'm tired of these asinine ideological attacks. "You're not a *real* Christian if you believe ...". Let's assess this rhetoric with some bullet points... * Most of those points are about mistreatment or discrimination directed at foreigners. Simply denying access to people to live in your community doesn't qualify as that. * Christians don't always hold true to Scripture, and may hold more a belief in God than the words written and recorded by man. And Scripture is often times contradictory. * There's a difference between what men **should** do, and what men are mandated to do. If God wanted us to follow his word, he simply wouldn't have given us free will. He wants us to *choose* to be good, not require others to behave how we see fit. * Religious ideology doesn't always trump political ideology. And isn't the talking point of "separation of church and state" a desire for that exact thing? If you want Christian Republicans to "stop being hyprocrites" only on the issues you so choose, then you're argument has no standing.
* 1.Many passages contradict one another. * 2.The Bible is a collection of stories for teaching purposes. It's interpretation is up for debate. * 3.People rarely if ever follow ideologies 100%. What ideology do you follow? Can you not claim to be a Democrat unless you believe every single thing on their platform? Can you not claim to be a liberal unless you abide by whatever someone else wants to define as liberal? Can you not claim to be a man if someone else tells you are not? Seriously. Tell me what self identities can be denied and which one's can't. Please don't pick and choose "based on convenience". * 3B.Where have you learned from and made your opinions and beliefs from? Your parents? Your friends? Your professors? Some philosophers? Some authority figures? Some guy from long ago that recorded some incitful thing that's been passed down through the generations? Do you follow and believe in *everything* they have expressed to you, or do you pick and choose what fits with the rest of your beliefs? Religion isn't blind worship. You aren't burdened with everything it teaches for you be accepted within it. You're asking for people to follow a single source of teachings to base all their beliefs on and all their decisions on. That is a hard "ask", and a fucking stupid one.
&gt; Robots and machine learning of the past/today are completely different from artificial general intelligence Why? How? Explain why it's much different and much more of a threat to employment.
&gt; A race is a grouping of humans based on shared physical or social qualities into categories generally viewed as distinct by society. Why would you ignore race? How is the perceptive differences that a society chooses to acknowedge *not* what diversity is? &gt; Modern scholarship regards race as a social construct, an identity which is assigned based on rules made by society. While partially based on physical similarities within groups, race is not an inherent physical or biological quality.
And one can *program* a machine to do anything that an AI could "learn". AI doesn't "understand or learn", it can "adapt" given it was *programmed* in a way that allows it to adapt. We must have the forethought in programming machines in how they could adapt and how they should. They won't "learn" anything that we don't already know or could understand. Again, the question is about employment. How is AI more of a threat than any other machine that could be programmed, or replaced with a new machine with upgraded capabilities? Or maybe here's a more simply question to answer? **How is it different in practice?** You gave me a definition. Now tell me how that's different in the practical sense. Most every job and task doesn't require a complete complex brain to complete. It simply needs certain programmed responsibilities.
&gt; she was so "unlikeable" or "unrelatable", why did she win the popular vote? Because Trump was unlikable as well. Romney received more votes than Trump did in 2012, and lost greatly to Obama.
No. You always need to assess the alternatives. A victor being chosen isn't proof they are liked/supported/etc., it's just proof they were preferable over the other choices.
What systematic changes has Trump proposed or implemented? I desire systematic changes, but systematic changes I deeply disagree with and certain ways they intend to be implemented are something I will strongly oppose. I'll take a president who does nothing over any of the options currently running for president. Trump is bombastic, degrating the high honor of the presidency, and has had his share of policies I disagree with. But 20 years down the road, I think a Democrat president will have created more change to federal power. And when everyone is promoting changes I disagree with, I'm stuck trying to determine who is proposing the least change and will be least effective in accomishing their goal. I'm leaning toward Trump in 2020, after abstaining in 2016.
&gt; You don't think 2 new Supreme Court Justices and filling a ton of vacancies in Federal Judges is a major change? Again, comparative to who else could be filling those vacancies. &gt; Or the strangling of ACA to...nothing? ACA was shit to begin with that made us all buy into our horrible health insurance system, made "insurance" even *more* about non risk health care with mandates on *insurance* covering basic care, limited insurance health care revenue on a percentage basis which simply incentivized charging higher prices, and set up a nice precedent of taxing people who don't buy a service from a private seller. &gt; Or the changes in international policy and isolation of our country while coddling with dictators? We are far from isolating ourselves. And "coddling" of foreign leaders has always been a tactic presidents employ, Trump is just *vocally* egotistical. &gt; The White House has literally claimed "Absolute Immunity" due to the simple nature of being the head of the Executive Branch. And rheotric is less meaningful than reality. Again, you're simply attacking Trump. That's easy. Pointing out negatives is easy, especially of those that are in or have been in the positions of power. The question is still one of comparison. I don't like Trump. Him being out of office would be a blessing. But I have to consider the alternatives when I'm selecting between alternatives.
&gt; What, Super Leftist Radicals like Merrick Garland would have been put in instead? Garland was pre-Trump, and congress was in charge of nominations once Trump was in office. And my fear isn't a Garland type picked by Obama, but someone else. Do you believe Kavanaugh has made any incorrect rulings? Are you trying to state that he is "Super Right Radical" in comparison? &gt; And instead we now have...Nothing. And Healthcare continues to get worse. And thats what you want? Stagnation in a clearly broken system? I believe we have a worse system than we already had. Because it highlighted and expanded the very problems we need to address. Like I said, I want change. I simply don't support the suggestions provided. I think UHC provides massive problems of supply. The goal may be more access, but that doesn't mean that will be the result. "What I want" is something no one is promoting. That's again, why I need to pick those that move the needle the fewest steps in what I view to be in the wrong direction. Especially when it comes to massive government programs that never seem to be able to be changed later. &gt; and meanwhile all our former allies have lost all trust of America. That simply isn't true. And it's fucking 4 or possibly 8 years. That's a meaningless amount of time in the grand scheme of foreign relations. People truly have a massive issue with recency bias. &gt; but I'm just saying for the life of me I cannot fathom how any of them could be worse than Donald Trump. Because I assume we disagree on policy and ideology quite a bit. Don't quite understand how you can't fathom it, though. I can see why others support the candidates and positions they do. I simply disagree. Strongly, in some cases.
My point with that statement is that affirmative action is basically the *exception* of the civil rights act for higher education and sometimes even employment. So why can't that be expanded to "help" marginalized classes by charging them less? Current society believes there is "positive discrimination" that is to be allowed. I'm just confused on where and why people draw the line. The response would be, "what's the worst that could happen from black people getting $5 grand slams at Denny's?" If I believe my amusement park doesn't have enough diversity, why can't I charge different rates to make that happen? What if I want to help prop up margalized classes to succeed in life by charging them less for basic neccessities at my grocery store? Or as a banker with interest loans? The reason why this isn't expanded to everything is because we rationalize that discrimination to prop up some, discriminates against others. To allow discounts, is to charge more for everyone else. But we *do* allow this "positive discrimination" (which if you can't tell by the quotes, is something I don't believe in) in other areas. We *do* have racial discrimination that we at least view to have good consequences so they are allowed. So the policy was never based on "discrimination bad", but instead if we believe such discrimination is for the public good. It's the same rationalization for why blacks weren't citizens, women couldn't vote, and Japanese citizen could be placed in internment camps. Because that was the way to "postively" create a better society *in the eyes of that society in time*. But it seems to be applied quite subjectively. And it's something I just don't understand.
&gt; Legislation can't undo *Citizen's United*. Honest question here as it's how I would *like* CU to be addressed (As I support the ruling as well as thr existence of Super PACs)... Is it possible to "legislate" or at least within current law to "reinterpret" corporations as **not** associations? Where any form of "collective speech" granted should come from the idea that the collective is speaking and raising funds to promote a political message, not simply a corporation collecting funds for selling televisions? Where instead of just all corporate treasury funds being allowed for such use, they have to be earmarked? Like, I think money having been donated to a political organization such as Citizens United that promotes political messages, is a clear form of "speech" that you support their messages and want to use their collective weight in helping promote a message. But if you go and buy a blender from Walmart, you aren't trying to promote a collective message. And thus Walmart shouldn't be allowed to use such funds on a political message. Is such a distinction possible to be made? Because I think there is a common sense view that money used in an effort to make "collective speech" should involve money given for that purpose. But is it possible to classify funds in that way? This would still allow Walmart to state "5% of all profits will be used to promote political messages" where those messages are public.
Rule 7: Section 2 Dead Ball &gt; (e) when a runner is out of bounds, or declares himself down by falling to the ground, or kneeling, and making no effort to advance; Not sure exactly how to read the "and" there, but "giving yourself up" is in the rules in the context of "making no effort to advance".
So for a dead ball you need to run out of bounds *and* make no effort to advance?
Why is it then also not a requirement for running out of bounds? You're setting a barrier that doesn't seem to be noted. And players are said to be "giving themselves up" by falling to the ground when they slide or dive. The refs don't wait to see what they do after those acts. Same with kneeling. The kneeling is the act that refs seem to react to, not pausing to see what occurs next
Okay. But none of the other acts require this "and". They are stand alone. Dead balls are ruled when a player runs out of bounds, or drives/slides, or kneels, without waiting to see if any effort to advance is made afterwards. So why is this "and" even included?
&gt; That means you *must* go to the ground and not move forward in order to give yourself up. That may be how to interpret the rule, but the "and" should also then apply to being out of bounds which doesn't make any sense. It's also never enforced that way. The refs rule players down all the time at the very act of kneeling, not waiting to see if they move forward afterwards. &gt; By the rulebook, the ruling should have been an illegal forward pass, resulting in a safety. By "the rulebook" it can't be an illegal forward pass as there in no line of scrimmage on a kickoff return.
Not saying what I've said is 100% percent accurate, but the rulebook states a pass as seemingly requiring a line of scrimmage. If anyone can quote anything different, where "illegal forward pass" should apply to forward pitches on kickoffs, down the field on regular plays, etc., I'd like to see it.
Would you rather traverse through a thin or thick woods?
I view taxation as a constitutional power that congress has, as clearly laid out. I don't view the draft as one. The power to "raise" a federal army, doesn't grant the power to mandate participation in it. The Army Clause was clearly designating that the Federal Government, not just state governments could have an army. Where this power of a draft came from, I have no idea.
Why the comma before and, then?
You still need to define forward pass, no matter it being legal or illegal. Why not simply quote the part that actually proves I'm wrong... &gt; Note: A ball that is intentionally fumbled and goes forward is a forward pass.
But you didn't define forward pass. You're saying anything that isn't a legal forward pass is an illegal forward pass. Which isn't true. Holding, pass interference, a tackle, etc. are not illegal forward passes vecause they are not foward passes to begin with. An intentional forward fumble is *defined* as a forward pass. That's what's what was in dispute. Not if it was *illegal*, but if was even a pass to be defined by such rules. I was saying it wasn't a foward pass. At all. The part I quoted establishes that as wrong.
The issue is that Corporate Treasury Funds and corporate assets aren't purely owned by you. Your individual assets are desiginated in law as being different than corporate assets. This is how legal liability functions in our current society. You *don't* have the same ownership of these corporate assets as your personal assets. The rationale of extending the speech of spending unlimitedly from individuals to associations, is that collective speech of individual is still to be protected. And I'm trying to state that this collective speech should actually be collective speech. Where people are using the funds to promote a collective message, not simply to purchase goods and services. Most corporations and associations are **governmentally created entities**, not simply collectives of individuals. I'd agree with you if these weren't such entities with special privileges. They are different. Many "constitutional rights" *don't* apply to these entities. It's always been selective.
Are you "pro abortion" all the way up until birth? Because even a *majority of pro-choice* people support some restrictions. Talk to them. Talk to the Supreme Court who reasoned there is a "state interest" in protecting the "potential life of a fetus" as they determined that there is **not** an absolute right to an abortion after viability. Talk to those that oppose incest on the basis of "protecting the potential life" of a child that may be born with deformities. I personally haven't decided, and why I'm offering you others to speak to. Can I offer you a difficult question is return? At what point is killing not murder, and legal self defense? Any perception of a threat? Or what law makers determine to be a "viable" threat? What's a "viable" threat? What **is** aggression under the NAP? Ask this outside of abortion, and it's still a difficult question that's going to have some subjectivity.
Oh yeah, the person preaching "you're not a really Christian unless you support this specific progressive policy" (paraphrased, not a real quote in case you really couldn't tell) is going to help win over Republican Christian voters. /s
&gt; "The minimum wage is just too low, and so-called Christian conservative senators right now, in the senate, are blocking a bill to raise to minimum wage,” Buttigieg said, before declaring that, “scripture says, ‘whoever oppresses the poor taunts their maker.'” 1. "So-called" is a phrase to attack the label "Christian" as not being appropriate. And that's contigent on "blocking a bill". Thus not supporting this specific bill, is anti-Christian. 2. It's not "oppression" to not create governmental policy to mandate that employers plays their employees a minimum wage. 3. It's possible to be Christian and have separate ideological political view. Pete is the one trying to state here that if you are a Christian, you should be supporting these specific policies. He's the one preaching to combine "church and state". I don't understand why even progressives and liberals aren't opposed to such rheotric. &gt; During the same debate and later on Twitter, Buttigieg said of immigration and border security, “For a party that associates itself with Christianity to say it is okay to suggest that God would smile on the division of families at the hands of federal agents, that God would condone putting children in cages, has lost all claim to ever use religious language. … The right doesn’t have a moral monopoly on religion.” He's right about the last sentence. But his entire point being made in his statement before is to claim such immigration policy as immoral, as anti-Christian. He's the one claiming a moral monopoly. That one who supports (I've never heard someone say "God would smile" on these policies) these policies, is anti-Christian. I think a big part of the issue with his attack on the "Christian Right", is a complete misunderstanding of "the right". &gt; “And that’s the thing I wish the Mike Pences of the world would understand, that if you’ve got a problem with who I am, your problem is not with me. Your quarrel, sir, is with my creator.” So since we we have biological urges where someone was the desire to rape, anyone opposed to a rape shouldn't have a problem with the rapist, but with God? God created us with the ability to sin. That doesn't mean that any perceivable sinful act that someone does, is thwn the fault of God. It's just dumb logic. I'm supportive of all sexual orentations. I'm supportive of the sexual act itself between consenting adults. I persoanlly don't view it as a sin to conduct oneself in the act. But his statement is illogical to the actually philosophic question being debated there. &gt; “I feel like that may have prompted us to feel like we can’t bring [Christianity] up at all, because there are those with very different views and very different values,” he maintained. “It’s created the impression that if you’re guided by faith, you only have one place to go.” There's just so must doublee speak with him I agree, that having Christian principles shouldn't entrap you into on political party kr ideology. But many of his other statements are attempts to direct people to one specific place *based* on them being a Christian. It's just annoying. Common political behavior. But annoying and an attack on anyone that wants to have an association to Christ, but also have their own political views as well. They should very rarely be concretely tied. But Pete preaches the opposite more often than not. And to address you accusation that about my "alleged quote", I thought it was phrased informally enough to not give the impression that that was a specific quote in of itself.
You were correct. His comment was to reference the states that require employers only provide you with time off if you don't have enough time outside work hours. You phrased your comment correctly. The comment you received is truthful as well, but doesn't actually counter what you said.
There's still a discussion to be had. Do we need *another* federal holiday? I'd be more accepting to the proposal if it replaced one instead of implemented another one. Does this "holiday" mandate *paid* time off? If so, I oppose such a practice of government oversight. If not, then doesn't that simply harm the people that would rather work most of that day and earn money and still vote? Does making it a holiday, really encourage more people to vote? Or will people simply take holidays, and vacation away from their voting areas, thereby being unable to vote? A vaction day on a Tuesday, will make that Monday a highly sought out day off as well.
Electors choose the President. States have the right to choose those electors. That's the current system, and one I approve of. The President is the leader of the federal government, which is an authority that resides over *state governments* more so than indvidual citizens of the entire nation. Thus I think the states governments who voted for the federal government to exist in the first place, should have a say in that leader. If they wish to allow their state citizens to voice their opinion on such to appease them and better get a feel of representing the state, then that seems like a good thing to do. Citizens get their representation in the federal government through the house of representatives. If people think a popular vote should elect the president, we should first vote if we should even have a president. Even have a constititution. Even have a federal government. Because that was never something the national population got to vote on.
But how do you determine your "gender identity" in the first place to desire which socially constructed norms to follow? I still simply don't understand "gender identity". I don't see how someone "identifies" as a socially constructed label that was created by society based on similar biological differences. Let that be for trans people *or* cis people. Same for "sexuality". People shouldn't be "identifiying" as a socially constructed group classifciation term. We all exist on a sexual spectrum. And we sumply assign lables to one another to best convey an accepted meaning to others. I'm not a heterosexual man because I "identify" as such, I'm those because it conveys a certain message to others. I understand wanting to *belong* to a socially constructed group. But that doesn't mean you **are** a member of that group.
&gt; Trans people with dysphoria exhibit discomfort with the physical characteristics of their birth sex to the point where they think they would be happier if they transitioned to be as much like the opposite sex as possible. Why is body dysmophia suddenly a different thing just because it targets sexual characteristics? And why don't we discuss variations among the characteristics. What if someone wants a penis and breasts? Wide hips and broad shoulders? Is a woman that hates her large breasts, therefore a trans male? Is a male with a micro penis that would rather have a viagina (given his circumstances) suddenly a trans female? Where are you drawing this line? How much of "the opposite sex" do you need to desire for you to be trans? What about desires for the sexual characteristics to be different, but not "opposite"? Why is a woman that wants breast implants somehow different from one that wants to remove her breasts completely? Many of us have physical characteristics we aren't comfortable with. This often can involve social criticism and discomfort. You're ugly. You're short. Etc. So why this is this special distinction being made?
&gt; A trans woman is just a woman. The idea that a person just being who they are, true to their own nature, is in some regard opposed to an ideology, is real troublesome. People need to be allowed to be themselves without it being turned into some broader issue. Seriously, we never apply this logic to cis women. And what is it to be a "woman"? How does one identify as such? And yeah, I'm applying that logic to cis people as well. I don't understand "gender identity", for either trans or cis people. These are *socially constructed group classifications*, not something someone can identify as. These types of group labels rarely actually define an individual, it's simply as an easy way to group people and convey a certain distiction between the groups tat a very simplicitic level. If you think the label "woman" actually defines yourself well to someone else (or even to yourself), I'd like to hear what you think that conveys. I'm not rejecting someone "being themselves", I'm rejecting your association to a group classification. You can be you. But you need to explain why you are to have such a label. A label that is part of the language. Which it used to communicate and convey meaning to one another.
&gt; same too if a trans woman wants others around her to perceive her as a women she we do things others think are "womanly". But now you're just discussing social divisions and wanting to belong to one over another. It doesn't make one a "woman" for simply wanting to be socially accepted in female social circles and socially constructed divisions based on such.
Same question I've asked for years regarding this topic and haven't received an answer. "Gender Identity" itself hasn't been defined. If these different distinctions exist (woman, man, etc.) than what makes them distinct? How is someone even deciding their gender? What metrics are they using? And this attacks "cis" people as well, which aren't just people who aren't trans. Being cis requires one to "identify" as the gender assigned to them at birth. The *further* issue in this is that the supporters of this "movement" believe any individual can decide *for any reason* for why they associate to the group classification. But that simply makes the label meaningless. It conveys no consistent message and therefore becomes useless as a word.
You're going to need to define gender identity here. What's it based on? How are distinctions made? Such as, can you provide one example that would help place someone as one gender over another?
The city of Charlotte passed a bill that required bathroom access be designated by gender identity. This removed the previous (and every where else) policy of the bathroom owner simply enforcing any policy they wanted. The state of North Carolina, then decided that they could create state bill to supercede that policy. And instead of simply trying to remove it, they went in the oppsite direction and passed a bill that required bathroom access based on sex.
&gt; gender identity can be multifaceted and not a simple binary question. Okay. Give me *one* example that would help me in determining what gender I am. The larger point you seem to be making is one I agree with. That one's "perceived gender" is complex and not easily defined. **So why the attempt to use the label to define oneself by it?** I'm a complex human. My very point is that one's "gender" can't be defined well by such a strict label. That's why the labels of sex make much more sense and are associated to much more strict definitions. People **shouldn't** be going around "identifiying" as any of these group labels because they aren't anywhere well defined. &gt; one can experience dysphoria from their gender identity being rooted in perception - thus if they are not perceived/treated as x, they experience dysphoria. What does that mean? To not be treated as x? To not feel welcomed into the social circles that society defines based on sex? Okay. What does that have to do with one's own identity? Just because you want to be part of a social group, doesn't mean you get to simply decide you should belong. If you want to belong to a group, you need to justify your "membership" in a way that is acceptable to that group. That's how it works for literally any other group classification. Why are we seemingly making an exemption in this case? &gt; I experience a certain kind of wrongness, like a thorn that was healed around from having male genitalia, masculine voice, skeltal structure and reproductive realities. And I'm simply trying to understand why that's a "trans" issue and not simply a body dysmophia one. Someone can easily dislike their voice, and still be their gender. Or want a different skeletal structure, and still be their gender. Or dislike their male genitalia, while still wanting male genitalia. Why does your "gender identity" suddenly change just because of the statistical normailities of these characteristics? Why is it that just because science notices that *most* women have feminine voices, your "gender identity" is a woman because you'd prefer a more feminine voice?
Do you really think you are a representative sample of "The People"?
I always use these early predictions to see who people think will win in the playoffs this year. Regarding that, how can the Packers and 49ers be in the 31st and 32nd spot since they play each other in the NFC Championship (same with Titans and Chiefs in the 29th and 30th spot)? Edit: Even if you're just going by best regular season record, you should split it on the basis of AFC vs NFC.
I see that. But you should instead go by 32. #1 record 31. #1 record of other league 30. #2 (or 3) record 29. #2 record of other league You should still use the actual format of draft order. Because it's impossible for the 31/32 to be from the same league. Same for 29/30.
Do you have a standardized cuts? Such as 2x4s? Are they the same size and just called something else, or do you actually have different standard sizing? We have 16" spaces between studs in the wall. Do you have the equivalent, or a different rate completely?
When I feel a little upbeat about my melancholy state... On Melancholy Hill - Gorillaz
&gt; The honest answer is that it's just really hard to explain to cis people in a way that makes sense. Okay. Explain it to the majority of people that aren't either cis or trans. Who don't "identify" as any particular gender. Cis requires one to "identify" as their gender assigned at birth. Most people aren't cis, they don't even understand the concept of gender identity. I don't want to know how you would know your own gender, I want to know how I would determine it myself, my own gender. If you're making two distinct groups that people can identify as (man, woman, etc.) that means you're stating that a distinction exists. So what's the distinction? Is it possible to provide **one** metric, one example that would help nudge me to one gender over another? If not, what does the gender label even mean? Words exist to provide meaning. Group classifications such a man and woman are used to segregate people, with a distiction that people are to acknowledge. If these gendered terms aren't actually conveying any meaning, they have no utility and are therefore useless. These socially constructed group classifications aren't for personal use, they are for societal use. My "gripe" with transgenderism, is gender identity. My "gripe" is with using a group classification term and demanding ownership of the label without providing a definition for it. **Seriously**, what's the purpose of a label without a definition? I can get on board with a gender spectrum. What I don't understand is people trying to cling to a specific gender label as I don't see it being anywhere near enough of a label to describe one's gender. Sex is relatively basic. One's gender is complex. So why the desire from the "trans community" to use the terms man and woman to describe gender, rather than sex? I can understand body dysmophia specific to sexual characteristics. I can understand desiring to belong to a social group you aren't accepted in. I just don't see how that changes one's "identity".
&gt; This may not be super common, but at least for myself as a cis person How did you determine you were cis? How do you identify as the gender you were assigned at birth? Cis, just like trans, involves "identifying" as a specific gender. If you're simply confused on the entire concept of "gender identity", you're neither.
&gt; Most people do not question their gender. No. Most people don't define their gender. Most people aren't cis, because they flat out don't "identify" as any specific gender. I don't need to know how you would know your own gender, I want to know how I would determine it myself, my own gender. If you're making two distinct groups that people can identify as (man, woman, etc.) that means you're stating that a distinction exists. So what's the distinction? Is it possible to provide **one** metric, one example that would help nudge me to one gender over another? If not, what does the gender label even mean? Words exist to provide meaning. Group classifications such a man and woman are used to segregate people, with a distiction that people are to acknowledge. If these gendered terms aren't actually conveying any meaning, they have no utility and are therefore useless. My "gripe" with transgenderism, is gender identity. My "gripe" is with using a group classification term and demanding ownership of the label without providing a definition for it. **Seriously**, what's the purpose of a label without a definition? I can get on board with a gender spectrum. What I don't understand is people trying to cling to a specific gender label as I don't see it being anywhere near enough of a label to describe one's gender. Sex is relatively basic. One's gender is complex. So why the desire from the "trans community" to use the terms man and woman to describe gender, rather than sex? I can understand body dysmophia specific to sexual characteristics. I can understand desiring to belong to a social group you aren't accepted in. I just don't see how that changes one's "identity". &gt; For me, I’ve always seen a woman in my head when I picture myself. The voice in my head is female. And what does a woman look like? What does a woman sound like? &gt; When I looked in the mirror and saw a man, it felt wildly wrong, unsettling and did not match with my mental image of myself. Many people feel uncomfortable in their skin. Many people wish to alter their sexual characteristics. Penis enlargement. Breast Implants. Is a woman that hates her large breasts and would rather have none, a man? What's a person that desires a penis and breasts? Where's this barrier of gender based on sexual charscteristics? You're definition of gender seems to be based on the sex differences we have seen and made labels for such, but based on specific metrics. If you're impmementing other metrics, why use these previous labels?
&gt; He is in agreement with the majority of the trans community and only arguing against a small vocal minority. On the issue of dating, sure. But he still questions the entire concept of "gender identity". Which ~~attacks~~ *questions* transgenderism as well as cisgender.
Someone is still going to have to describe gender identity to me if you want me yo use it as a basis for the words I use. I like to know the meaning of the words I use when communicating. Explain it to the majority of people that aren't either cis or trans. Who don't "identify" as any particular gender. Cis requires one to "identify" as their gender assigned at birth. Most people aren't cis, they don't even understand the concept of gender identity. I don't want to know how you would know your own gender, I want to know how I would determine it myself, my own gender. If you're making two distinct groups that people can identify as (man, woman, etc.) that means you're stating that a distinction exists. So what's the distinction? Is it possible to provide **one** metric, one example that would help nudge me to one gender over another? If not, what does the gender label even mean? Words exist to provide meaning. Group classifications such a man and woman are used to segregate people, with a distiction that people are to acknowledge. If these gendered terms aren't actually conveying any meaning, they have no utility and are therefore useless. If you can't tell me why they are different, then how would I even associate to one over another? My "gripe" with transgenderism, is gender identity. My "gripe" is with using a group classification term and demanding ownership of the label without providing a definition for it. **Seriously**, what's the purpose of a label without a definition? I can get on board with a gender spectrum. Where everyone has characteristics that makes them a unique indvidual under an umbtella of "gender". What I don't understand is people trying to cling to a specific gender label as I don't see it being anywhere near enough of a label to describe one's gender. Sex is relatively basic. One's gender is complex. So why the desire from the "trans community" to use the terms man and woman to describe gender, rather than sex? I can understand body dysmophia specific to sexual characteristics. I can understand desiring to belong to a social group you aren't accepted in. I can understand wanting to fight against social norms. I just don't see how that changes one's "identity".
&gt; As a cis dude I absolutely identify as a specific gender, as a guy. How? Why don't you identify as a woman? What difference do you see between them? &gt; Sex is pretty complicated really. You can try to say its male vs female based on organs, but there are people born with none and people with both. There are outliers to any category group. But if you adopting a certain label, we have a pretty consistent basis for what that entails. You could **actually tell me** let it be because of genitalia or chromosomes why you belong to a specific group. You could provide reasoning based on the very metrics that determine sex. What are the metrics of gender? There may be millions. Name me one. &gt; Everything you're asking has been asked in terms of "why do gay people call themselves gay, if sexuality is a spectrum why do you need to label particular parts of it if the graduation is so blurry". No. It's not the same at all. You could tell me the difference between sexualities. That "gay" means to be attracted to the same sex. And that's a defintion that remains constant from one person to the next. There's a social acceptance to the definition of the word, and thus it actually conveys meaning. I'm not asking why you are gay, I'm asking why you are gay over being straight? I'm asking *how do you differentiate*? The answer there would be that you are attracted to the same sex, much more so than the opposite sex, to an extreme degree. Now if I ask you why you are man over being a woman, what would you're reasoning be? Sexuality is also a spectrum. It's not as simple as attraction to sex. Because one could be sexually attracted to a female sexual characteristic that happens to be on a male. Or a certain female sexual charactersitic in a certwin state that appears only on particular females. But most of us fall into a category for "general use" purposes. Where our sexuality isn't perfectly defined, but enough so to at least deter or accept potential sexual companions on the basis of sex. I'm not asking for a clear defintion, I'm asking for at least an attempt to rationalize your gender. Why you even associate to that labek over another. I'm just asking you to justify your association. I'll do that with any group classifciation one idetifies as. &gt; and even though a complex part of someones identity can never be compressed into a word, it's basically good enough for us to go about our day. Yeah, so what's the "good enough" definition of the genders? Give me a "general use" definition that distiniguishes man from woman that remains relatively constant so as to allow the word to convey the same meaning involving others. If you simply want the label to be accepted within the social circles that society has constructed on the basis of sex, 1. why should that be overridden by gender? &amp; 2. why does that mean you "identify" as that gender? There's a difference between wanting a label and "identifying" as a label. I may want a label of "compassionate", but people will only accept my "identity" of such if I showcase such behavior normally associated with the definition of compassion. **You don't simply get to associate to any of the group classifications that exist. You need to justify that you belong. And that justification needs to be accepted. We aren't even to the stage where anyone if *offering* justification, they are just demanding. It's absurd and illogical on it's face when it applies to any other group classification. So I hold the same position here.** What's this "go about our day"? What's the utility in your gender identity?
&gt; but for the purpose of social structure, there is no meaningful reason to create the idea of gender to distinguish between men and women? Not that there isn't meaningful reason, but of none which has been provided or justified to me. And more so that even if there is meaning in distinguishing between genders, where we draw barriers aren't being defined. It's like saying there is meaning and utility in distiniguishing people on race, but not providing the definitions to distinguish people by race. Where each race isn't being defined and where it's application isn't truly observable or concievable. I mean I think the reason we segregate bathrooms and changing rooms has to do with a perception of safety and privacy. And that's going to be based on how others observe you, not how you personally identify yourself. Thus such segregation on sex makes more sense than identity. I think the reason we have men's and women's sports is because of a difference in skill/physicality. Which has much more association to sex, than one's gender identity. If we consider social "norms" of dress and expected behavior, those barriers are more easily traversed, even if socially you may get some backlash. And I think it makes more sense to dismantle them, rather then "identifying" to gain acceptance. Because it's still about the perception of others, not oneself. If I want to be labeled compassionate, Black, Democrat, etc. I need to justify it to others to gain such social acceptance under such a label. The same should be true here. It just seems people aren't even attempting to provide a definition out of fear of being rejected. Too bad. That's how group classifications work. It's how labels work. You don't get to simply adopt any label you want to be associated with. &gt; And that by extension, the idea of being transgender doesn't make sense because being of any particular gender doesn't make sense in the first place? Somewhat. I can see people being a "gender", if we are simply discussing a person's unique consideration of a gender concept that may include any hundreds or thousands of metrics. But that's under an idea of infinite genders. When we start applying group classifications as to categorized people by, that's what I'm not comprehending. That an association to "man" under a gender view doesn't make sense because it doesn't actually have any definition to it. By entension, the idea of being cis doesn't make any sense either. Because both terms are built on the principle of gender identity. And that's the concept I'm not understanding. Man and Woman used to simply be an extension of male and female, based on sex. If you want for the terms to be based on gender, you need to lay some foundation of what those words mean and why they are distinct from one another. We can then at least have a discussion on the merits of such labels and distincts within society.
Really? Who's this liberatarian candidate that holds all your same principles?
I doubt the companies care. It's just about outrage culture. This article isn't for the benefit of corporations. It's to simply drive controversy and clicks.
&gt; you can be one sex according to one criteria and another sex according to another You *can*, but it's a pretty rare occurance. They would be *outliers*. Like I said, I'm not asking for a 100% accurate definition, I'm asking for a generally applicable definition. Like every other group classifications. You yourself are establishing that there are distinctions involving anatomy, genetics, chromosomes, where we would label one as female and one as male. So what's the distinction between genders. Even if it's not 100% accurate and applicabel in every scenerio, they provide a general concept we as a society agree on. What's the general concept behind the genders? Gravity has a definition. We understand the meaning of the word, even if we don't all understand the science behind it. So even with science unable to define gender identity down to it's full concept, we should at least have some general understanding of the term if we wish to use it in communication. **I'm not asking for you to explain the entire concept of gender identity, I'm asking you to provide definitions to the words you want people to use.** Your "logic" here is just absurd. You're not even addessing my points and attempting to deflect the entire thing and just trying to mandate the usage of words without a definition.
Just post the link. It's the apps certain people use that Jukin doesn't allow videos to be played through.
Why should it be accounted for? If I take commissions for art work on Fiverr, *only doing work when I want and only after it's been requested*, do you really count that as a job? Gig economy is popular because you don't need to put any money/labor/etc. into the work outside of direct purchases.
Is driving for uber **once** in a month span, a job? I think we are visualizing different things. If you want to count everyone that drives for 50+ hours in a month as a job, then sure. But there's no way you should be counting my friend who signed up for Uber 2 years ago and has given one ride in that time, as working two jobs because of that. I phrased my argument poorly. It's not about commissions, but the amount of labor and/or money invested into the work. If I sell my old video game system, that isn't a job. But if I go out and buy old video game systems and resell them, then it can be a job. &gt; Contract work, even when the contract is for one small job But how does one job count as a "job" when accessing what people are **currently** doing? If I drove for Uber once in March 2019, did I work a "2nd job" in 2019? If so, then I'm not going to take any weight to the term "2nd job". Someone working their "5th job" could be working less than a person with a single job. So the perception being granted to the term isn't warranted if we are simply going to allow any minimal commisioned work to count.
I sold my old video game system on ebay, is that a job? What if it was broken and I fixed it before I sold it? What if I went out and bought 100 old video game systems, fixed them, and then resold them? The last I would consider a job, the previous ones not. Do you think if I Uber drive once in the month of March 2019, that I worked a second job in 2019? If you repair and sell one watch in a year, and that's all you do, do you think that should be reported as a "2nd job" in these statistics? If so, what do you think that statistic even helps to show? Curious, do you report your income from your watch sales?
Okay. But to address your original quoted text, it's referencing those that are **self-employed *and* working a "gig"**. That's what isn't being counted. Those that have an independent "gig" and are employed by someone else, are being counted. Thus... &gt; The above 36 percent gig economy statistic comes from a Gallup poll. They estimate “that 29% of all workers in the U.S. have an alternative work arrangement as their primary job. This includes a quarter of all full-time workers (24%) and half of all part-time workers (49%). Including multiple job holders, 36% have a gig work arrangement in some capacity.” Their alternative work arrangement **is** Uber (of something similar) and is their primary job. 24% of full-time workers are working "gigs" as their primary job. And that **is** being counted. The only "gigs" that aren't counted are those taken by self-employed individuals where the "gig" is something different from their primary job. ... And I think it might be logical to not count something as that. Where/how does one's self-employed work differientiate from a separate "gig"? One could often break down their job into multiple jobs if that's how they wanted to present it. Which would be possible being self-employed, but not so being employed by someone else and doing something separate.
&gt; They also quote Washington's government as saying that the electors only want this outcome because it would decrease confidence in the electoral college, which to me isn't a very persuasive argument. Me neither. Because the very act of states dismissing the votes of the electors is what decreases confidence in the electoral college. I can see how it may benefit the movement to replace the electoral college with a popular vote, but that's just because citizens think they are the one's who vote, and not simply a power granted to them by the states in the way of suggesting who the electors should vote for. I'm a big supporter of the electoral college, but the electors should constitionally win this. What we *want*, is a matter of law. What *is*, is a matter of the constitution. (From a governmental policy perspective).
Citizens have representation in the federal government through the house of representatives. States have representation in the federal government by declaring electors who vote for the Presidency. The federal government is much more an authority on state governments, as opposed to a national populace. So it's imperitive that the state govenrments themselves have a way of combating the federal government. The EC was never meant to be "democratic" (for the people), but instead a fair representation of the states. We already stripped their power from Senate elections. I view it as insane policy to completely eradicate them, by removing their votes for the presidency. The presidency (executive) is simply one branch of the government.
You're question is built on an entirely false premise. You're viewing one outcome as "un-democratic" and one as "democratic". When **neither** are democratic. All the votes have been by electors. You never voted for the presidency in 2016 or 2000, or 2012 or 2008 or 2004, etc.. Because that's how the system works. I don't need to "justify" a reason for why the results sometimes don't *align* with the democratic tally. That's just how it will work sometimes. But again, I'll attempt to "justify", why I think the electors should vote, not the national populace. What "justifies" it is that it's not meant to be democratic. What "justifies" it is that people don't actually vote. The "national popular vote" you are assessing isn't a vote, it's a tally that *each state has granted their citizens the power to voice* and is only a *suggestion* to the state appointed electors for who they should vote for. I'm stating that it's "justified" to have state governments, of whom the federal government has authority over, to have a say in who the president of the executive branch is to be. And that it's "justified" for citizens to have a vote in the legislative branch through the hoise of representatives. I don't see how that wasn't clear in my prior comment. You're basically asking why was the vote for the Texas Senator not "democratic" by assessing the votes from the nation as a whole. Because that's not how those votes are tallied. That's not who they are to represent. I simply don't know how else to answer you're question. So if you're still not satisfied, you're going to have to rephrase it.
So I should vote so then I can complain about whichever one won? What if I vote for the winner and want to complain about my own vote helping them win? You seem to assume that everyone actually has a candidate they would want to vote for. &gt; you don’t have the right to complain that your candidate lost. Who's "my candidate"? What if I dislike all the options and dislike them all for various different reasons as to why it's difficult to simply pick one over another at the voting booth? Here's my argument to you for why I shouldn't vote, but should still have a right to complain. My preference isn't as at as strong as someone else's preference. So why should my single vote completely cancel out the vote of someone who so strongly favors a candidate? And why can't I continue to complain about the candidates after election just as I was before the election? **I'd like to complain about all of them. Now you're requiring me to help one get elected to have the right to complain about them? Why?**
&gt; If you're going to ask someone to work an 8 hour shift during a shift that no student can work, you need to be paying them a living waging. Why? Why should the bookstore owner pay a "living wage" based on what other companies charge and he has no control over? Housing prices are on the rise? Why is it then the responsibility of Walmart to pay out more? One company fucks up the supply chain, prices rise, and now everyone else is responsible to pay out a higher base wage? If prices drop for the basic necessities, can we discuss lowering the minimum wage? If not, you're not being honest that it's about a "living" standard.
&gt; If the owner of a business wants employees to keep doing thier work for them, then yes. I understand the incentive from the employer perspective. What I'm asking for is the rationale from a regulatory perspective where the mandate on an employer is based on something completely out of their control. Where if *other* companies increase their prices, it requires this employer to pay a higher wage. That if one hospital charges low prices, but has limited supply where people must go to other hospitals with higher prices, that the employer of the cheap hospital has to pay higher wages (ultimately creating an incentive for them to raise their prices on their customers). People aren't just employees, they are consumers as well. **If you want a "living wage", why not simply price control everything?** Just have regulations on prices. That's at least a rationale step. Simply addressing wages, doesn't prevent anything. Because prices can simply rise, making the wages "unlivable" once again. Just mandate all services and goods must be provided free of charge. There, a wage of $0 is then livable. **When you say "wage" what you mean is purchasing power. So simply address the actual purchases.** If you want water would you rather me give you money that you can exchange for water, or water? Considering I can keep raising the price of water and requiring govenrment to keep up with mandating I pay you whatever I charge?
&gt; The rationale is the survival of our fellow Americans in the working class No. That's the desired outcome. What I'm asking is for the rationale to specifically target wages. There are many other sources or income besides wages from employers. There are many ways to address pricing. There are many ways of production of these neccessities to be provided free of charge. I'm asking you to justify this specific regulatory action. &gt; The ones doing all the work for buisness owners so those owners can buy jet ski's and golf and buy extra houses. And this is your rationale. To harm business owners. That you believe they make too much, and thus they should have to pay out more. At least you're being honest in your rationale now. The issue I have with your rationale is that many business owners **aren't** rich. Many **aren't** profitable. &gt; It's like you're tring to justify poverty level pay by saying business owners aren't making enough? No. My rationale isn't that they aren't profitable and thus they shouldn't have to pay a "living wage". It's that they don't have a **responsibility** of what *others* charge for goods and services. You shouldn't be *punishing* people based on the decisions of others. *That's* my rationale for my position. &gt; You're calling the means for basic survival "Employee Incentive"... Call it what it is, necessity. It's not a necessity to run a business. It requires an incentive for one to operate such. Thus any business decision is about incentives. Don't try and make the word "incentives" to have some immoral meaning. You have a biological incentive to drink water. You could just die. You're incentive to drink water is to be allowed to survive. &gt; If they geninely can't afford to pay thier employees enough to survive, then shouldn't that business just be allowed to fail? And this is how you get only mega corporations (those with immense established wealth) to be providing goods and services. Large corporations love, and often are the first to act and create "popularity" in the regulatory action of many regulatory powers, because it's a great gatekeeper on competitors. You're blaming corporations for welfare. Where it's the welfare that incentives corporations to pay less. Because the welfare allows their employees to "survive", without having to pay them what you are envisioning as a "living wage". ... Can you address the other option I offered? Price controls. This also harms your corporations by limiting their profits. It also allows current wages to become "living wages". So why aren't you simply promoting that, when it doesn't offer the negative of price increases? Where it actually targets the issue of cost that's under the conteol of that specific business. If housing prices are too high, harm the housing businesses, not your local bookstore. If food prices are too high, harm food manufacturers and suppliers, not Dick's Sporting Goods. That seems much more rationale of a position to take. So I'm still not sure of the rationale for your position because you haven't articulated it. A "goal" or desired outcome, is not a reason for a specific action to be choosen over others.
There is solace in knowing the better team won.
I think it makes more sense to **not** identify as a socially constructed group classification, than it does to do so. What does it even mean to "identify" as a male or female? But I'll also state that "non-binary" and "gender fluid" work in a system where they acknowledge the basis of identity to male or female. Of which they believe they don't belong. I'm sitting here still trying to figure out how gender *is* an identity. &gt; is that they do not necessarily fit the distinctly male or female gender identity in which the vast majority of people fall. I'd also argue that "the vast majority of people" don't "identify" as a gender (or not a gender). They simply don't hold such "identities". Most people aren't cis-gender. &gt; What's a "non-binary" person who is not intersex and distinctly, physically classifiable as either male or female expressing when they say they do not feel male or female? "Gender" to me in that context is the relation of your physical sex to your identity, so I don't see how it's possible to have something "in between". Because the thought process is that "gender" includes millions of different attributes. That one's gender very well includes personality. And people can have different makeups of such, making gender a spectrum. This I understand. The issue I have is trying to apply group classification labels to one's own personal individual gender. So I agree that the identities don't make sense, but I don't think they make any less sense than the identities to man or woman.
&gt; I'd say it's real simple for me. My gender identity doesn't fit with either Man or Woman. Believe me, I've tried both, extensively. And what make up the man and woman gender? How have you tried both extensively? For you to claim you are neither, you have defintioned them, and rejected them as defining yourself. So can you share those definitions with me? The issue I have is with gender identity as a concept itself. I don't "identify" as any particular gender (or non-binary) because I don't "identify" with a concept of gender. I'm simply me. I have preferences that people may want to label preferable to one gender over another, but that doesn't change me, it doesn't alter hoe I would personally identify. &gt; There's nothing I can say to you that will empirically prove my feelings are valid. The question isn't to prove your feelings. It's to prove why you should demand association to a group classification term. I mean, I seem to understand the perspective of non-binary people more than I do cis or trans people. But to declare you're non-binary, you're still acknowledging the binary. That man and woman actually mean something concrete for you to want to disassociate yourself to. And that's what I don't understand. I'm fine if you simply want to be you. What I'm objecting to is using labels (words for communication) that actually have no definition. Where no meaning is actually being conveyed. What do you think your label of "non-binary" conveys to me? What does it convey to yourself? Can you actually explain the word you are choosing to use?
&gt; is that not the same reason you don't like the idea of raising minimum wage? I'm offering it to *you* are a more *rationale* regulatory power to achieve *your* goals. I wouldn't like such price controls because they would drastically harm the incentive to manufacturer and provide, thus lowering supply, and ultimately creating less goods and services that people can use. &gt; That can't always be done reasonably, considering all the materials and work required to build houses/property they are expensive by necessity. Why do you suddenly start caring about the "rich" owners now? They are to be harmed. They should be selling their yahcts to help pay for these things. &gt; Plus, lowering prices high yield buisnesses like houses and cars would also lower our countries tax income, where minimum wage increases, help directly increase tax income. Ah, so you acknowledge that the government is using regulatory power outside of tax, to effectively tax people. That a way to increase their revenue is simply to force others to pay more, so more can be collected. &gt; Though it Seems like you just don't understand. buisnesses taking advantage of thier workers by using thier minimum needs or less as incentive is wrong. No. It's that I *don't agree* they are being taken advantage of, not that I don't understand your perception of such. &gt; So yes many of them are semi-responsible for the minimum wage, and modern welfare. The minimum wage and other welfare programs are drastically different from their inception. Minimum wage is nearly double. Social Security (*payroll tax*) is a *massive* program compared to what it was oringinally. I'm not discussing welfare, I'm discussing the *extent* of current welfare (and the means by which they are collected. As in I believe a payroll tax, a tax on wages disincentives wage increases and employment in general. You want a minimum wage increase? Okay, get rid of the payroll tax on such low wages.) &gt; you used it positively for owners then with your earlier statement on water you used it negatively for employees. I don't see thendistinction you are trying to create. Or more so, I don't acknowledge a scientific difference between what you are labeling positive and negative. &gt; Um, do you really not see how you're contradicting yourself here? No. Because I'm not considering their profitiability. I'm considering their costs and the *morality/respeonsibility* they should have toward paying such a cost. You could present a drastic increase in costs I may *support* if it made more sense to me. If youre more addressing an idea that the employer has a "responsibility" to.pay a "living wage" because you think that is something they themselves control, I'd agrue they don't. Because it can be ever changing. And I doubt you'd support lowering wages based on the same rationale.
&gt; Please elaborate and try to defend this statement more, I'm curious now... I believe people need food. When you don't have food, you offer something else you have to get such. Most people have an ability to provide labor. Others with food will exchange it for labor. And that's a great benefit to those that don't have food. It's only this desire for labor and our value exchanges that you get fed. Many people don't the ability to provide themselves the goods and services they both need and want. Without medical care, you'd just die. Now that others are providing medical care, doesn't mean you have a right to such. Whereas you find the idea that someone could reject care as repugnant, I find the idea that someone is even offering it a blessing. Someone else **offering** something you need while requesting compensation, isn't exploitation. You seem to believe however, that just because people need water, they have a right to such. Thus any denial of it, would be unjust. &gt; Total oxymoron... No. It's an acknowledgement that I can support some welfare and certain approaches to welfare, while being opposed to others. &gt; Some things like houses and property would still be too expensive for minimum wage workers, even if they were sold at-cost. Depends what the cost is. You can price control the price of raw materials, machinery/tools, etc. as well. Everything involved in the production of that good. Although all the labor needed which needs to be provided at a "living wage" would certainly be a factor in the cost. I'd like to see you do a breakdown of what the cost of a house should be if the only cost was labor. &gt; Owners have alot of incentive to keep house and property values very high and keep minimum wage earners unable to own thier residence. Want to buy the rental property I'm trying to sell? I've owned if for 5 years and have invested (maintenance/taxes/etc) more into it than I've received in rental revenue. I'll sell it to you at an amount where I break even. Please. &gt; But these items aren't even acheivable, unless you get very high paying jobs. I make $11.50 an hour. I'm 30 years old. &gt; Our goverment should be raising minimum wage periodically in response to corporations increase I think most production gains from such minimum wage jobs have been due to investments made by the owner, not any increase in labor. So why shoud the employee get paid more due to such? If one business has machine A where a button is pushed and produces $10/widget in revenue and another business has an older machine B where a button is pushed and produces $7/widget in revenue, why should one worker be paid more for doing the same work? &gt; How is that bad again? Not neccessarily "bad", but an acknowledge or what it's occuring. And what seems to be the dismissal of any thought that the government could pay more themselves (*throught lowering the tax burden) to increase wages. Basically, that the government makes wages effectively lower through their own actions, and then also demands a higher rate to then be "livable". It's illogical. The taxes create disincentives to the very action you want to promote. Payroll taxes disincentivize raising wages and hiring more employees. Minimum Wage disincentivizes highering many workers, and rather finding one employee that do do the work of 2 or three. This is both a benefit and negative to such a worker, a stressful workload, but more income. With a full negative to those that go unemployed and don't have any income to afford anything.
&gt; Remember the purpose of electoral college is to balance land mass vs. population size. No, the purpose of the EC is to give state governments, of which the federal government has authority over, a vote in deciding the president of the executive branch. The number of electors each state govenrment gets to choose is what's based on population size.
&gt; If someone assumes that I am straight, and then I correct them. I am not suddenly straight because they assumed so, nor am I straight if they choose to reject my claim that I'm not. You'd be straight according to a definition we as a society accept. You and others **do not** get to decide you're straight because you like to eat waffles or because you like to wear blue hats. You and others **do** get to decide you're straight because you have a close to exclusive sexual attraction to people of the opposite sex. My point is that you could *justify* why you should have the label "straight". And then that justification would be accepted or rejected based on the definition of others. And the word really only means something when we have that common understanding of what the word means. Whereas gender identity isn't really even offering up a justification to be accepted or rejected in the first place. It's just a demand for acceptance without even providing justification. I just don't believe that's how language works. Like I said, "non-binary" makes more sense to me than any trans or cis person. Because at least you're attempting to resist a defined label. But "non-binary" is itself a label. You could otherwise simply not identify. But you're saying you identify as a gender, simply not of which is of the binary. Which I still don't understand. The more we discuss the spectrums of sexual oreientation, gender identity, etc., all we are discussing is individualism. As in, that these labels don't define us well. And of course they don't. They aren't meant to. They are broad group classifications that attempt to segment a population on a specific few attributes. We have billions of other descriptors to describe ourselves as unique individuals. But I appreciate the responses you've been kind enough to provide. Many times my questions get interpreted as hateful and get met with outright dismissal.
&gt; While people like AOC are arguing for democratic principles to be applied to corporate power and wealth, basically. That workers should have (a degree) of ownership over the companies they work for But they aren't arguing for that. The second they agree to share in the costs of the business, we can discuss sharing in the revenue. If you want ownership, you don't simply get to join the party when profit is being distributed.
Milwaukee Bucks * 2016-2017 - 42-40 - 6th * 2017-2018 - 44-38 - 7th * 2018 Playoffs * --Game 1 - Loss * --Game 2 - Loss * --Aaron Rodgers buys share * --Finish 3-2, losing 3-4 * 2018-2019 - 60-22 - 1st * 2019-2020 - 39-6 - 1st Phoenix Suns * 2016-2017 - 24-58 - 15th * 2017-2018 - 21-61 - 15th * 2018-2019 - 19-63 - 15th * 2019-2020 - 18-25 - 11th * Larry Fitzgerald buys share Get ready for a Phoenix Suns surge.
Milwaukee Bucks * 2016-2017 - 42-40 - 6th * 2017-2018 - 44-38 - 7th * 2018 Playoffs * --Game 1 - Loss * --Game 2 - Loss * --Aaron Rodgers buys share * --Finish 3-2, losing 3-4 * 2018-2019 - 60-22 - 1st * 2019-2020 - 39-6 - 1st Phoenix Suns * 2016-2017 - 24-58 - 15th * 2017-2018 - 21-61 - 15th * 2018-2019 - 19-63 - 15th * 2019-2020 - 18-25 - 11th * Larry Fitzgerald buys share Get ready for a Phoenix Suns surge.
&gt; This is widely debatable. whatever happened to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." In the **Declaration of Independence**? A document stating our idependence of British rule, and how we are establishing a new government of the thirteen united states of America? Yeah, that delcares the rights the government is to not infringe. "Rights" are about what you are freely allowed to do, not what must be granted to you. &gt; We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.–That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, –That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it... It was a declaration that "those who are governed", should be deciding policy, not a king. And if the government was to attemot to infringe on such rights, it would be the right of the people to change it or abolish it. A "right to life" is about the government not having the ability to simply walk down the street and kill it's citizens. You have a right to water in such a way that the government couldn't monopolize the water supply and/or restrict access to it. &gt; why should either employee get paid more, or less, due to poor investment deciscions on the owner's/ manager's part? I'm not declaring a "should". I'm allowing the business owner to manage the costs of the business. &gt; the machine operator position is just as crucial and requires at least semi- skilled labor Crucial to what and how so comparitively? If everyone could play at a NFL caliber level of play, those players wouldn't be paid anything. The league probably wouldn't even exist. Much of wages/salary is going to be based on what the alternatives are. Same with the product you buy. You'll assess what provides you the best value per cost. Do you think about making sure the owner makes a "living"? Or do you simply seek the lowest price you can pay? You seem to view people as different. That their motives should change given different circumstances. I need you to better explain why someone offering wages in exchange for labor should then be obligated to offer a certain amount. Would you rsther them not offer anything. Where none of use even receive the goods and services they ultimately provide? If you think your labor isn't being compensated well for it's production, quit and do the production yourself. You'll realize more often than not, it's the renting of the tools, machinery, property, etc. that allow you to be productive. Imagine a breakdown where an employee is paying "rent" for everything they use of their employer's. Because that's what you employer already considers. I don't think it's the *responsibility* of the employer to pay a living wage. We are discussing policy. There's a difference between what I'd like for an outcome, and what I'd like to mandate as an outcome. Simpmy on a moral basis. And then practically we should even then consider the potential consequences of such a mandate. Much of which I think are destructive (less employment, less supply, fewer and larger corporations, less competition, etc.). Let's also be clear, that we are discussing federal policy. I don't much care what a city in New York wants to do. But I'll be opposed to such regulations in my own city and my nation as a whole. &gt; Do you have a family you pay for, or have you ever been hospitalized or been a victim of terrible circumstance? No. But of which should an employer factor for? If you have a child, should an employer pay you more? If you have a health issue, should an employer pay you more? That just seems weird to me. But if we believe the employer should be providing for the "living" of their employees, then they should, right? To me, that just sounds like a great reason for those people to not be hired at all. &gt; and it sounds like you've been pretty lucky so far. Sure. I also have some minor constant health issues, but I deal with them. I have some health concerns and am certainly becoming more and more near-sighted (can't read a menu at many fast food restuarants). My employer even provides health coverage. But I haven't gone to the doctor in 10 years, except once when I returned from Mexico. And I haven't been to the eye doctor in 7 years. I do get my dental cleanings. &gt; That's not what you said though. When? We are discussing a specific policy. When should I have interjected my entire desire for a renewed welfare system? &gt; Did you know hospitals are legally required to save people, even if they can't pay anything? We do have a right to medical care, at least on some level. And we should expand those rights imo. That's not a right, that's a mandate. If there weren't any doctors, and therefore you couldn't receive care, you're rights wouldn't be infringed. Because such a service can't be guaranteed. I don't see the point in labeling something a "right", that can't be guaranteed. If you want to discuss expanding mandates and/or public services (health care, education, etc.) please just discuss them in that way. Stop using the **purely** emotional argument of a "right". Even "Medicare for All" does nothing to establish health care as a right. It's simply used for rheotric. And I feel the word itself is being destroyed in the process. &gt; That's what billionaire owners count on. Ugh. I don't care what they want us to believe. It **is** what I believe and I've provided the rationale for my position. Stop using association to dismiss arguments. I'm seriously so sick of this tactic. &gt; so now it's the government's fault (through taxation) that these buisinesses are profiteering? No. So the issue to you is the "profiteering", not simply the living standard of the employees? What are you looking to address? A way to address people not receiving as much, is to take less from them. Right? So someone can earn a higher wage, by paying less tax. That's what I was addressing. I think it's the "government's fault" of such large profits in creating the very concept of corporations. It setting many regulations that harm competition. I also think much of the "profiteering" comes from economies of scale. And simple consumption being at rates that far exceed anything of the past. &gt; A government is supported entirely by taxation. Including military defense, education, and roads. How else would you suggest that the government pay for these things, beyond taxation. (Including taxing buisnesses) I didn't say repeal all taxes. I said to not tax the very people we are looking to help. I'd keep the "employer" portion of payroll taxes, while remvojng the "employee portion", raising their wages. I'd transition Social Securitty to a system that taxes the poor (maling it harder for them to avoid debt interest, pay for education, etc.) and hands out to the wealthy, to a pure welfare system that helps those who are retired and those with disabilities who truly need it. I'd change our income tax systwm to one with "unllimited brackets", through a logarithmic formula, where there is no "cap". Where those on the bottom are exempt. And ultimately desire much less spending, where we can decrease the needed revenue. Why is it always "you don't like my exact policy proposals? You must want everyone to die!". &gt; At some point the billionaire owners need to stop hoarding, and taking advantage of others. And we simply disagree on such a logical conclusion. What they are "hoarding", was given to them. What they are hoarding, isn't a static supply. It's not hoarding, it's compensation and savings. If it's ethical to do so for someone with $100, at what point does it become unethical to you? Again, it's great that someone can hire me and pay me a wage so I can use my skill set on a machine that I couldn't afford myself. It's my employer that makes my skill set actually have value. It's great that they also take care of marketing and distribution, so my production can actually be purchased and provide revenue. Why do you believe employees are being taken advantage of at a certain wage? Let's say, they didn't hire them at all. And people couldn't provide for themselves. How many people do you know could filter their own water, catch and cook their own food, built their own shelter, provide themselves their own health care? Who do you blame then, when people are dying in the streets? This "profiteering" has brought the idea that starvation and early death are something no one should face. It used to be a pretty normal occurance. &gt; Before our society breaks apart.. We truly do live in dark times. /s Man, people are so privileged.
Yes. That's the issue at hand. So what was the thing of personal benefit? An investigation? That's something of value in of itself? No matter what the conclusions may be? If Trump got a reinvestigation of Biden, the media would simply cover it as a witch hunt. I don't see how it would benefit Trump, and think it would benefit Biden more than harm him, propping him up as a martyr. Additonally, it should be of personal benefit, *without* a national benefit. I mean, anything the President does could be seen as a personal benefit to prolong their position and their power. I think Trump bought into what was being sold to him that "many people" we're concerned about Biden/Ukraine potential corruption.
And what does that Act say is to be done? Doesn't it offer a way of recourse?
&gt; release of the aid was contingent on them simply announcing that such an investigation was being opened. Correct. Still doesn't change the argument. &gt; I think Trump remembers exactly how that whole thing Conpletely driven by the media and not the investigation itself. And often resulting from releases of information where opinions are made. If Ukraine investigated, we'd simply hear of a simply result. &gt; You don't see how a foreign country announcing that they're opening an investigation into a presidential candidate would benefit his opponent? Really, Biden isn't an opponent of Trump. He isn't running for President, he is running to be the nominee of the Democrat Party. And no, an investigation is a static event. It doesn't establish guilt in anyway. It's not negative or positive. I would also think most people would consider what they are investigating and consider the facts they have access to. And if they don't have access to facts, not form an opinion either way. There's people emotionally jumping on both sides of every accusation. Why do you believe a majority would jump to one side in this case? &gt; If that were how it really worked, then Hillary Clinton would be president right now. That's a claim. &gt; Unfortunately, there are too many people that simply see someone is being investigated, and don't look into it any more deeply than that. Agreed. But you're assuming they assume guilt rather than innocence with their lack of info. &gt; If the *reason* Trump did it was for personal benefit The *reason* any politician does anything is for personal benefit. Because their office is a personal benefit. The power they have is a personal benefit. I may want to provide Universal Health Care to All, but using such to gain votes for my own campaign is for personal gain. Maybe I just want UHC to benefit my own situation. Can we start to evaluate every policy decision on these grounds? This an entire idea is shaky at best to begin with. &gt; Well then, he's highly credulous and easily manipulable (at best). Either way, still unfit to be the leading the country. Glad we can agree on that. That doesn't meet my test for impeachment though. And can we also recognize that Ukraine themselves have said they didn't feel pressured? Why are we to view it as such "extortion" when the "victim" says they aren't a victim? To me, it seems like an extension of a certain ideological view, where any attempt at authority someone doesn't like is "exploitive". And not concretely about the real issue at hand.
&gt; then the only outcome is that people hear that someone is being investigated. That certainly does change the situation It changes the situation, but not the argument. A public benefit could simply to have the Ukraine government being vocal about fighting past corruption. But more importantly, it would simply make sense to condition funds on an announcement, rather than at the result of an investigation. Because then the incentive would have been to have a rushed investigation. Why is no one talking about the practicality of this? Would we really plan on withholding aid for months while the invesitgation is happening? Then all the media would be talking about is that we are withholiding aid for so long and fear mongering about Trump not dispersing aid if he didn't get the result he wanted. &gt; The nominee of the Democrat Party will be an opponent of Trump. Biden has been the clear frontrunner the whole time. It's not hard to connect the dots. I can agree with dot connecting, I don't agree with the current rhetoric. &gt; If only everyone saw it that way. So how are we to evaluate value when it's perceived differently? &gt; I'm not assuming that, I'm perceiving it based on a wealth of past experience observing how people react to the news that someone is being investigated. I think people react to opinions shared while an investigation is being reported on, not the very act of the investigation itself. &gt; To be honest, it kinda seems like you're just completely denying the very concept that politicians can abuse the authority of their office. Not at all. If Trump said "Buy me a Lamborghini, I'll give you govenrmental Aid". That would be a pretty clear display of abuse of power. It's very clearly a th8ng of value, and for personal use. I'm not proclaiming innocence. It certainly wasn't a "perfect call". It was a bad call, because it offered the perception of impropriety. I just don't have enough definitive proof to desire to impeachment him. &gt; By your standard, both of those decisions were made for personal benefit. Are you seriously gonna claim that one was not more corrupt than the other? No, not at all. I never said every situation would be rated the same. I'm simply saying the "rhetoric" of the whole "for personal gain" isn't simply a win in of itself. That the actual situation matters. &gt; You don't think that someone being unfit for office is a good reason to remove them from office? No. Because if that was my test I'd want every politician impeached. I view impeachment as an extremely high bar. &gt; Ukraine's word on the subject is entirely untrustworthy. Why? And how is 3rd party perception more trustworthy? &gt; Of course they're gonna do everything they can to try to stay on the United States President's good side. Really? They wouldn't throw him under the bus, help get him impeached, have a majority of the American population on their side? Trump is likely to be president for only one more year. &gt; But at this point, it's like someone saying they weren't taken hostage, while the hostage-taker still has a gun pressed against their back. What gun? And how many guns are pointed at Trump to not pull the trigger as well? If we are going to use analogies can we at least flesh them out? &gt; I'm curious, what's your opinion of Nixon? I'm only 30. I'm not even old enough to have an opinion on Clinton. I haven't taken enough time to dig into either. Any opinion I'd share would simply be regurgitation of which every opinion I decided to agree with. That's what you hear from most people. Opinions that others shared that they decided to trust. Often for no more reason than they are their normal source of news.
&gt; There's no public benefit to simply announce that an investigation is being *started*, if there's no intention of ever finding out the truth about whether "past corruption" even happened in the first place. Agreed. But you're the one assuming that there is no intention of ever finding out. We have evidence that the aid was *conditioned* on the announcement. As in, aid would be given when the announcement was made. That doesn't mean there isn't also a "gentleman's agreement" to fulfill that announcement. Public pressure from not fulfilling claims is also something to be avoided. Disincentives can be part of the negotiations. Sure, Ukriane, you got that current aid package. Now what? You're people hate you and America hates you for lying. How is that a good situation to be in? &gt; Or, here's a crazy idea, not have it conditioned on anything to do with an investigation I'm not here to discuss what we as a govenrment should be doing, I'm here to discuss if these precise actions are impeachable. Just because I disagree with action, doesn't mean its impeachable. &gt; Probably because they don't believe that Trump actually cares about corruption. Sure. And I can understand such a perception altering the level of "impeachableness". But I simply shared my opinion on the matter. &gt; But directing someone to sling mud against his likely political opponent is not?? An investigation is not slinging mud. Trump didn't ask to "dig up dirt" on Biden like some of the media have reported. He asked for an investigation to occur. &gt; doing something that would presumably have a dramatic effect on the next presidential election Doubt. Additionally, just because someone is running for public office shouldn't exempt them from investigations. If Warren murdered someone, it wouldn't be "abuse of power" to have her locked up. Again, there's a rheotric that just because Biden in a "political opponent" means that it's abuse of power. It needs to go to the specific situation. &gt; then obstructed Congress at every turn when they tried to investigate it. How so? What possible information? &gt; So now you're saying every politician is unfit for office? Depends on how we want to define unfit. I'm saying that perceptions of the role and duty of the president, the level of fitness for such an office, or even morality itself, often align with political ideologies. And the pure desire for your political ideology over another being implemented into policy, can be impacting you're view on who is "righteous" enough to hold such office. &gt; You don't think they're savvy enough to realize that the Republican Senate will never remove him from office no matter how much has been proven? It seems pretty obvious to me. I don't think that's true. &gt; I think Trump is likely to be president for the rest of his natural life...In a free and fair election, sure, Trump would lose. But apparently we don't get to have those anymore I see you bought into the fear mongering. I have nothing more to offer to this discussion and no more reason to continue it. Have a good evening.
Correct. But you consider how such changes to the sample size mid-study might have impacted results. The survey is fine. The issue is conclusions and assumptions made of a certain population that is no longer "randomly selected".
&gt; Because as I pointed out, the few examples from real life I can think of seem to support the idea that negative feelings are more likely to spur action than positive feelings are. I think negative feelings are more likely to spur a desire for change. And positive feelings would desire the status quo. But we are discussing participation in a survey. Where I think it would more play at an emotional state of "do I want to spend my time doing this". And I don't think those feeling emotional distress would desire such.
&gt; I assume that's directed straight at me, or others living in poverty, and you're trying to defend the top %1? It's directly toward people that think they "deserve" what others have choosen to provide. I'm not "defending" anyone. Rich people can be just as privileged in that way. &gt; We have a right to water whether its bought directly or pulled from a lake, and filtered by the person drinking it. That's not a "right". That's you buying a product that someone else is offering, or using public lands to collect a product that the owner (the govenrment) allows you to take. &gt; Now we have the technology to change that. But you don't think we should? That's not what I said at all. I'm saying it's not the resposibility of employers to provide. And that it isn't a right. I support water distribution being a public service. Where we charge a service fee and a negligable amount per gallon to help maintain it's operation. &gt; Like owning multiple watches that each cost more than most cars currently on the road. Criticize the person making the watch then, and charging that much. Or wouldn't you like the fact that someone is profiting greatly from the rich person? All these purchases you mentioned, are a transfer of money to someone else. Sure, it's not a great distribution of our goods and services. But it points to how we have an insane abundance of goods. You know who wastes a ton more food than the rich? Grocery stores. You know who wastes more cars than rich people? Dealerships. You know who wastes raw materials and property to build houses more than rich people? Those that sell it to them. How many rich people could actually produce the goods they buy? You want them to suffer? Tell people to stop selling to them. But honestly, that wouldn't be a good distribution of wealth. It would make more sense to sell them goods and services. I just oppose your mindset that every impropriety must be fixed throught force. &gt; You're acting like most small buisness owners aren't paying thier employees more $ Compared to mega corporations like mcdonalds. Most aren't. And if they are, they are doing it to compete for labor. But it's often not sustainable and many go bankrupt through the additional cost. &gt; Does that not apply when powerful billionaires attempt to influence our "representatives" and voters directly through contributions and indirectly by media We all get to voice and try and "influence" our fellow voters and the candidates seeking office. Speech shouldn't be denied simply because others charge money for it to be voiced. Campaign contributions can be limited because it's a payment to someone running for public office. The government has the right to regulate such. How effective are they in influencing you as a voter? Are you somehow "immune" or better than everyone else to deal with it? If politicians are being bought, that's illegal, and why it still comes down to votes, not the amount of donations. &gt; You still haven't given a better alternative For what? I'm still confused on your end goal. Do we need to take wealth? Do we need to add costs to business operations? Do we need to guarantee a "living standard" for everyone, in every condition? How are we defining such? Tell me the end result you want, and I can try and provide an alternative.
I would have just as many concerns and questions about a "fat tax" that I have with single-payer. So, sure. Just fuck it all up.
You should learn how unions work and what Right to Work legislation does. Unions aren't forced to represent anyone. They choose to. And many (most) choose to be exclusive bargaining representatives. Which mean they choose to represent all workers of a labor force if they can receive a majority vote of support. That means that employees who vote against representation, can still be forced to hand over their ability to bargain to the union if the majority votes for such. Right to Work only applies to these exclusive representation unions. And it makes it so that the workers who aren't members, but are being represented by the union (under their own desire or not), aren't required to pay dues. Right to Work stands on a "principle" that you shouldn't have to pay for association you never called for. A union *chooses* to cover these "free-riders" because they still favor the monopolistic power that exclusive representation provides. A union could choose to only represent members. And are completely free to mandate members pay dues for the representation they provide. You should look at how other unions operate in other countries. Where they have much better results and much higher participation. They allow workers to compete along side union represented workers. They allow unions to compete against one another. Our laws make such either contractually impossible or outright illegal. Right to Work isn't a policy against collective bargaining. It's something that attacks the power of an authoritative entity. Sure, it weakens union power. Now, you need to justify why unions should have had this power in the first place.
Capitalism **is** markets. It's private property when it comes to commerce. How would you even have markets without capitalism?
If I trade you a rock for a branch, that assumes private ownership of those goods. As for why we trade, rather than me simply taking your branch. That's capitalism. &gt; Capitalism is the intersection of Markets with Private Ownership of productive land, plant, and capital backed by Rule of Law. Where are you getting that definition? So anarcho-capitalism isn't a thing?
Agreed. Right has nicer grass. Left has a nicer lawn.
&gt; Demand for "not dying" is inelastic. And emergency care is only a tiny fraction of health care. Sure, let's provide insurance for the actually events involving risk. Now what should we do for all other types of care?
It's only logical. You run a business and charge a price for your services. Govenrment mandates that a certain population can only be charged a certain price. To seek out profit, you increase the prices on the population that isn't under mandate.
Well one used to only have the choice of death.
&gt; Universal health care will be cheaper and it will save lives Why will it be cheaper? Price controls? Will that not negatively effect supply in anyway? Of doctors, of medical equipment, of medication, etc.? What do we set the prices to be? How much will the govenrment pay, how much will we pay? Why are we to assume the government (often corrrupted by pharmaceutical companies) will seek lower prices and better care? What services are covered under this government program? Will that not at all be corrupted by corporations where medical device A is covered, but medical device B is not? Maybe further restricting what medications get approved and which one's do not? Additionally, UHC isn't some specific program. It's an idea. That has many different applications around the world. So stop presenting it as a savior. Just as others shouldn't be presenting it as the devil. Let's discuss the specifics, and let's see how support changes. I'll guess more will drop support, as general ideas can often garner much more support than detailed policies. But maybe we'd find some specific policies we could implement. But that's not what people want. They want to win. They want "my way, or the highway". Because they are "right and good" and everyone else in "wrong and/or evil" That's why political discourse sucks.
The "main argument" is that state governments receive representation through the election of the leader of the executive branch. That state appointed electors vote, **because the federal government resides over state governments**. Most federal policy isn't legislation on individuals, it's legislation that restricts state governments. This is the argument being made from the "The U.S. is a Republic, not a Democracy." That we are a union of states, not one monolith nation. And it's important that states get a vote, because they are being ruled upon as well. With #5, you're dismissing the entire argument. It's not a view of "but da rules", it's a respect and appreciation for those rules. As a Note: Individuals citizens get their representation from the house of representatives. And to address the same point elsewhere in your attempt at refuting arguments... 1a). You're not even acknowledging the entire argument. That states deserve representation.
No. States are allowed to assign their electors. That's the argument for the EC which is maintained with this compact. The only constitutional issue would be if states can alter the votes of electors onced cast. And the issue I think most state governments would have to deal with is their state citizens rising up against such a compact when they vote 60% for a candidate, but all of their state electors go to the candidate who received a minority of the votes. It's weird to me. Most people against the electoral college hate winner-take-all allocation of electors, but yet they support it in this compact. I also don't think we are all that close with that compact. And states could easily leave once it's established.
&gt; also brainwashed many people into thinking unions are evil. People believe unions as monopolistic entities can be evil. There is nothing wrong with voluntary collective bargaining. But that's not how unions operate in the U.S., instead claiming exclusive representation.
I'm confused.... &gt; That government assistance comes out of our paychecks. These companies are allowed to get away with receiving corporate welfare and having the average American citizen supplement their workers low wages You seem to make an argument that social welfare **is** corporate welfare (of which I agree with), but then you state &gt; nor should corporate welfare be acceptable while social welfare is demonized. So, which is it? But let me come at you from a different ideological perspective. Why should a citizen selling shoes be resposible to pay you enough so as to afford housing or medical care when such it priced in a manner completely out of their control? If housing prices double, is your employer at you bookstore job now responsible to pay you more? Why? If you want a "living wage", why mandate employer's pay a certain amount rather than mandating affordable prices from the products you actually desire?
Depends on the life I'd be with now.
&gt; It's complicated. It's partly a freedom of the individual vs freedom of the group (that entails freedom of the individual) debate. I wish more people would acknowledge this. But I'd frame it as being an individualism vs collectivism debate.
No. Individualism in this case is the ability to bargain for oneself rather than having to hand over that ability to a collective if a majority vote desires such. You should recognize that other countries with much better pay and much higher union participation don't have this type of restriction. They allow unions to compete side by side with other unions and single employees. If you're "being abused", you have the choice to be represented by a union. If this abuse is real, there should be a healthy amount of collective leverage.
&gt; If this kind of system can survive a court challenge... But that's my point. This issue is in the courts right now. &gt; Wouldn't there be a massive outcry from the minority voters of that state? That's what I'm saying is happening now. But partisanship power is taking precedent over representatation. Which is why I think we'd first have to replace FPTP, to change the incentive. &gt; To get around this is to form the pact that comes to an effect only when it carries the majority of the EC. Sure, but it could just as easily be dropped after one election of a result that wasn't desired. It doesn't really "get around it", it uses it to represent the national population rather than each individual state. &gt; It defines clear rules how the state is going to allocate the EC electors. If you don't like the rules, the time to change it between the presidential elections by voting state legislators who decide if the state is in the pact or not. Correct. And once we see it in operation, I think more people will focus on such and use such positions as a reason to support a candidate or not. I'm making a prediction on how people will react to legislation once it's actually displayed. Once people see it potentially producing results they don't like. &gt; I think at the moment the states in the pact cover already 196 out of 270 EC votes. So, not that far. You can't look at it as a simple fraction. It will get increasingly harder to get states on board. &gt; Furthermore, many states are debating it in their legislatures. 11 states and 131 EC votes to be exact. But what does it take to have legislation "pending"? Most are "in committee" which really is of no significance beyond the acknowledgement that someone proposed such legislation. The legislature (the house and the senate) have yet to discuss it in any detail and haven't taken on any votes. &gt; suddenly all states matter, not just the swing states Swing states only matter because that's currently where there is strong competition for the winner take all allocation of electors. And no, you'd be making it so states don't matter at all.
Exclusive representation is when a union entity wants to represent a labor force, has the employees vote on such representation, and if a majority vote for such, the union now represents *all* employees. They become the *exclusive* bargaining agent. Voluntary collective bargaining would require that someone actually votes for such representation. Such as that a union only represents members.
&gt; What? The electoral college system has survived for a couple of hundred years. Get informed please. *The Supreme Court* is going to be making a ruling on such. There are many laws that exist in limbo before being properly challenged. And we aren't discussing the electoral college, we are discussing the practice of altering the votes of electors as well as penalties given to them if they don't vote a certain way. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2020/01/17/us/supreme-court-electoral-college.amp.html &gt; It's far more likely that it wouldn't be dropped but instead all the states that were not in the pact initially would want to join. What makes you say that? What's even the point in joining once 270 is reached? &gt; Duh. People see all the time results that they don't like. That's democracy! Not when the majority lose. That's the point I'm making. That 60% of Californians could vote for Bernie, but if Trump wins the popular vote, all of California's electors go to Trump. I would imagine some Californians would be outraged by that. That anyone supporting democracy *and also supported state representation*, wouldn't like how the majority vote within the confines of their state was dismissed for the majority of the nation.
I'd need more information to say. The "labor force" could be divided. Does the union bargain for anything effecting your position, or "area" of employment? There's also a difference between union membership and union representation. You may not be a member, but you could be under their representation. If you wanted to seek a raise, could you go ask for such? Or would you have to go through the union?
&gt; The link that you gave says nothing about the actual issue in the EC, namely the winner-take-all system. Because I'm not describing a "problem with the EC" I'm describing a specific practice under the EC that may be unconstitutonal. The practice of changing votes or fining electors for their votes. Winner-take-all would only apply if they are forcing electors to stand by such, and only about half of the state have laws stating such. The state would still have the power to select electors they believe will follow that rule. The issue comes if someone doesn't follow along. And what happens then. &gt; The forcing of electors to vote in a certain way is tangential to this discussion. It's precisely the issue. Which I hope I explained for you now. The states have the clear power in appointing electors. What's in question is if they can punish them or select a new elector after the votes are cast (effectively changing the vote). &gt; I just made my case. It's a bit frustrating when I present reasons why people would prefer the popular vote once they get to experience it and then you ignore all that and ask the above question. You're presenting reasoning for why people may take a position. I'm asking why you believe people *will*. You're not arguing for a position, you're being predictive. So I'm asking what your predictions are based on. &gt; Well, the majority has lost in two US presidential elections in the last 20 years. Well if we want to get technical, no. Electors vote, not the people. Thus a majority of the *actual votes* **do** select the president. &gt; And that didn't bring people to the streets. Umm, what do you think this entire movement for a national popular vote has been motivated by? &gt; Electors are irrelevant as nobody even knows, who they are. If 6 And I'd say that's a big issue. &gt; They didn't protest much when 60% of them voted for Clinton and she also got the plurality of the national vote but still Trump won. Are you joking? "Not my president!". But sure... &gt; Why? Because they knew what the rules of the voting were. That's the point. I agree. But I also think people would be more reactionary to a new law then one that has been the "status quo". And that's what I'm discussing. &gt; There is no state representation in presidency. That's the whole point. Your point is illogical. "There is no fraction of a percent representation for an individual that votes for a candidate and there's loses as well". The point is that state governments get a say in the federal government, because the federal govenrment resides over state govenrments. Laws are passed that impact state governments, not just individual citizens. The union **was formed** on the states voting on such. Their say is in the executive. The say of individuals is in the legislative within the house of representatives. &gt; EC system with winner-take-all voting the individual's vote gets dismissed I agree. And why I oppose winner-take-all. Was that not clear before? &gt; Sorry, there's no defence to the EC with winner-take-all. The defense is that state's deserve a vote for when an authority resides over them. They were already stripped of their power through Senate selections in the legislative branch. Removing the EC will destroy the entire idea of the union of state that we are. If you want to fight solely against winner-take-all, I'll stand right beside you.
&gt; If you present counter arguments why you don't think it makes sense, then I may change my mind, but without them the default position is that people like things that are supported by good arguments. Why is your argument "good"? I've presented an alternative argument, and you seem to keep rejecting it outright...as can be seen here... &gt; No, they don't. The president doesn't have to listen to the state governments at all. That's not my point. My point is that those that are ruled over, get a vote in the body that rules over them. So because the federal govenrmebt resteicts state governments, the governing bodies themselves should get a vote. Your point is true even with a national popular vote, that the president doesn't have to listen to the people at all. That's why it's stupid to even being up. &gt; What? That's not people protesting on the streets. **You** created that picture. I said "rise up against". Which would certainly include a desire to change the system. Stop arguing against these positions you are making up, and actually debate against the arguments I'm making. &gt; And since it has now happened twice in the last 20 years that the popular vote winner didn't win emphasised that. "But the time to argue against it was before the votes were cast?" See how stupid of an argument that is? People will desire change after seeing *results* they don't like. It's not always easy for people to see what the rules allow for. &gt; Whining when your state's electors vote for the winner of the popular vote even though that candidate didn't win the state and knowing that your state is in the pact to get the popular vote winner to be the winner of the elections is not rational. But what if the results are "right" most of the time? Where the national popular vote matches the statw popular vote. You just admitted thete is much less outrage to such as long as the results seem to still align with what people prefer. So when they don't, then they will attack the system that allows for such. You're arguments are beyond contradictory and just getting stupid at this point. It's hard to even have a conversation with you. &gt; And you can do the same with the EC. Ask people is it ok that the swing states decide the elections The issue is that you can very easily ask biased and misleading questions to try and get a certain response, such as the one you presented here (which I would claim is actually outright false). &gt; Then how are you going to get rid of it? By recommending such to the politicians of my state. And where they then pass a state law where they will assign electors proportional, rather than on a winner take all basis. Two states have done such. I'd much rather there be narionally clamoring for this than a national popular vote. Id rather every state that signed onto the national popular vote pact, decide to remove winner-take-all. But we're not aligning on such end desires. &gt; I don't really get what you want. You want to force states to give up winner-take-all No. I want them to do so. I don't think the federal government has any ability to force such. &gt; Second, you don't understand that the state's right to decide on how the electors are allocated is the *reason* for the winner-take-all system. No. I understand how a result comes from such. What I want is to chamge our mindset to change the system. Just as you want to do, to encourage a national popular vote. We need to encourage respect for the principle of representation, over "winning".
&gt; You haven't presented anything on how to remove the EC with winner-take-all system. Because that's not my argument! What the hell?! I want to preserve the EC. And I want us to pressure (not force) states in removing winner-take-all. But I'll take an EC with winner-take-all over a national popular vote. And that seems to be the current "two sides" of the issue I have to choose from right now. My argument, has been when an EC is better than a national popular vote for the presidency. Because states govenrments need to have a voice as part of this union under rule by a federal government. &gt; Oh my gosh. It's clear that "rise up against" is not "calmly debate things and then vote accordingly in the elections". Guess we disagree there. But fine. It's real of no significance to the meaning of the debate. &gt; No, it's not stupid. The reason nobody has bothered to discuss the EC before is that it hasn't mattered. As long as the the EC has produced the same result as the popular vote, there was no push to change the system Because people are clueless about the law. Anyone actually informed and has been against such, has been presching to change it for decades. Which is why some have signed onto that compact before this last election. Anyone opposed to *the authority* rather than the result, would be against it prior, as long as they are informed. The issue is that the larger population has been brainwashed into thinking that people vote. So when told that they don't, that's when they finally react. If you knew how the EC worked and only reacted once an outcome you didn't like happened, you're a piece of shit with no principles. &gt; That is extremely unlikely scenario for all the 50 states. Well no shit. I'm saying for any individual in any individual state. Of course it wouldn't all happen to be true for everyone in one election. &gt; I'm not sure what you mean now by "people prefer". Preference in how the president is elected. &gt; The state pact to use the national vote is by definition the right result Only if you prefer a national popular vote! That's the entire thing I'm arguing against. &gt; Ok, ask people in non-swing states if they would prefer that it would matter how many votes each candidate gets also in their state instead of seeing if they get more than any other candidate. I'm not comprehending your statement here. What are you refering to? &gt; As I said, this is an extremely unlikely thing to happen nationwide as it is an unstable solution in the prisoner's dilemma. Okay....So? I'm not here to mandate my desires. I'm here to try and fight for my desires. And like I said, it's still preferable (for me) to the alternative you are proposing. So what do you want me to do? &gt; If they all went to proportional system while the red states stayed in the winner-take-all that would give a massive advantage to a republican candidate. And you're discussing "winning" over principles. Sure, game theory is a rationale consideration. But don't promote it as a principled stance. &gt; In your preferred system the republican candidate losing by 45-55 could very well end up as a president. No, because people don't vote, electors do. The most votes wins. You're still caught up on not even understanding the system. &gt; What is the mindset? States choose electors. State citizens choose state officials. Thus the citizens can help to convince state officials to select electors based on proportional allocation rather than winner take all to better represent the state population's desire. The principle is better representation of the state population (which effects the amount of electors a state receives). The state has the power to reject that. Hell, the state has the power to not even allow citizens to vote on electors ("vote for the presidency"). You should realise *that itself* was a change that state citizens demanded from their officials. &gt; And that's going to happen how in the current ultra-partisan atmosphere? I don't look at policy as a today thing. I consider the political world in 20+ years. What are my other options given my ideology? I just don't understand what you're seeking from me. &gt; I think you're naive in your hopes. Huh? I don't have high hopes of such change. But it's the area I can work within given my views. &gt; But people are not so naive that they would want to put their state in a disadvantage if there is no guarantee that everyone else does so as well. Why is it a disadvantage? If Wisconsin split their electoral votes, how does that disadvantage them? We don't know if they will go red or blue, so why is it "disadvantageous" to take half rather than going all or nothing? &gt; That's exactly the ideology behind the pact. The idea behind the pact is that the entire concept only works if you have a guaranteed 270 electoral votes. And the desire to guarantee 270 votes is based on a desire for national representation, rather than each state having representation.
&gt; Ok, what is the states' governments' "voice" in the system that you have "pressured" them to implement? Well Inagree with the constitution tjat they have a voice is selecting electors. It is then to the electors to decide. As an individual citizen of a particular state, I'd like my state to allow me the privilege to vote on who these electors should be. And these electors should promote themselves by picking a candidate ahead of time. And once the votes are tallied, since we only have a select number of electors we can choose, the ones choosen should be done proportionally to the total vote. Possibly in a way that the state gets to assign the two electors the state received from the Senate, and the people get to select the electors received due to the population. &gt; The point is still that the proportional EC without all 50 states agreeing to it can lead to very strange results. So? What do you even mean by "strange"? &gt; Would you take 20 states (mainly blue) switching to proportional system and the rest staying in the winner-take-all? That would be a likely midway point at some time if the states started to change to your preferred system. Sure. I'd take 20 states mainly red doing the same. It would of course be an incremental change. To fight against the game theory you're alluding to here, I think it would be best if it went back and forth (red and blue). Or started with swing states. &gt; Anyway, I don't fully understand what is the control that you're looking after here. I'm not seeking "control". I'm not proposing national policy. I think it's "better" to have proportionally allocation than winner take all, as it's more representative. And as a citizen of *my* state, I'd promote and vote on such policy in *my* state. And I'll promote the idea to see if other states and their citizens might like the idea as well. &gt; If you're not clueless, why you think other people are? Because even politicans say "The people voted!". Even presidents say "I was elected by the people!". Which they don't. Most people think they are voting for the president, and not simply making a *suggestion* on who the syate should select an elector based on. And that elector then still having the ability to vote on who they want. I've discussed this with many people. In my social circles, on reddit in multiple subreddits, on other internet discussion boards, etc. I don't think people are informed and we seem to actively misrepresent the reality for better rhetoric. &gt; If you are clueless, why am I even discussing this with you? I've laid out my knowledge on the EC. You're free to point anything I'm clueless about. &gt; Nobody knows who is the elector representing them in the EC. Some states are kind enough and transparent enough to actually put the elector's names on the ballot. And yeah, I'd say that's a problem I would like fixed. &gt; As I said, yes, the states can change their winner-take-all system to a proportional, but that will lead to a chaos if that's not done in agreement with the other states. Radical ideas involve chaos. So what? Can you explain why the chaos is bad? What you see as the terrible result? Sure, we should always consider negstive consequences. So what are the actually consequences you see as transpiring? &gt; And if it is done, then it's no longer the state having the control any more than if it agrees to allocate electors according to the popular vote in agreement with the other states. Not sure what you're saying here. Can you reframe it? &gt; And I don't understand why you think this is a good thing. I think it's a power that the states should have, where a federal government shouldn't have the power to say otherwise. It's a good thing because the state has the power to decide on how they vote on representation in the ferderal government. And it would be election interference for the federal government to dictate ways in which they have to vote for that very federal government. As a state citizen, I don't think it would be a good thing for my state to deny such. &gt; Because if a state has a 60-40 majority, it going to proportional system alone will benefit the states that have the opposite 40-60 split. I'm not understanding your logic. You're viewing this as a competition rather than a complete tally. &gt; Would you like to be in the state that surrendered itself to the exploitation of the other states? I don't see how we'd be surrendering. I'm hedging my bets. We don't know what the outcome will be. Sure, they are making a strong voice in one direction. Same with any state with more electoral votes than another. But the entire point is that the states don't consist of one voice, that the voices are split and should be handed out accordingly. That's the entire argument for proportion allocation. The states voice isn't "weaker", it's simply proportional to the actually voices of the population. If a 60-40 state gives all their votes to candidate A, 40% of the people are still going to be mad. &gt; However, the swing states have another incentive to stay in the current system as they will get disproportional attention from the candidates in elections. And what attention is being provided? The state is split on what they want. So what are the candidates even promoting? All we hear in swing states is double speak and lies. &gt; And the point is that you can do that through the pact. You don't need the swing states that might protest to even agree. Which is why it terrifies me. &gt; Yes, and getting to that is far easier than getting every single state to switch to individually switch to a proportional system at the same time. Agreed. So? It's an outcome I don't want. So why would it being easier be a positive point. It's actually a negative from my perspective. &gt; You still don't get it. There is no state representation in the institute of presidency. There is only one president and he represents all the citizens of the country. He's the leader of the executive branch. He's not king of the nation. My point is that the the federal government resides over the state governments (creating mandates, etc.). And just as the people are resided over by the federal government and get to choose representation in the legislative branch through the House, the states get to choose representation in the executive branch through the presidency. I feel like I've laid that out 5 times by now. Not sure what you aren't understanding. &gt; The state representation is in the senate. That was their representation in the legislative branch. It used to be there as well, but Senators are now elected by the people of each state. And that's a constitutional amendment. &gt; It's logical to elect him through a direct national vote. The federal government has a much strong impact on state governments than the national population. So I flat out disagree with your reasoning there.
I mean, that's the entire argument though. That the "abuse of power" was the action done for *personal gain*. So if it was actually perceived to be done for public gain, then it's not abuse of power. A power you still may view as "bad", but would not be abuse, and not reaching levels of impeachable. This post is stupid.
&gt; it makes people like me happy Sure. But it doesn't for me. I'm not saying your wrong. I'm presenting what I fsvor and why I thinknothers should hold the same view. But if we have different perspectives and priorities then of course we aren't going to agree. Just as I don't think states should allocate there electors on a winner take all basis, I also don't think they should allocate based on a national popular vote. Also, most states would be reducing their level of "voice", because they hold less power as a percentage of the national population than they do a percentage of electoral votes. So when assigning votes based on the national popular vote, they have less of a say in what the votes are truly going to be. There's no compromise you're presenting. I fsvor the current system over your suggested "compromise". So it's clearly not a compromise. You not getting everything you want doesn't suddenly make something a compromise. There needs to be a give and take from both sides. What are you giving up?
&gt; This kind of system is very patronising. It assumes that people are stupid... No, not at all. It simply declares that state appoint electors are to vote for the Presidency. Not that the citizens are "too stupid", just that it isn't something granted to them. The people have been granted the power in selecting representatives in the house. You're simply assuming people should have the vote. And thus it's "patronising" to not allow them that practice. Whereas I believe the states are to have a voice, not the national population, is say for the leader of tue executive branch because tue federal government holds much more power over state governments than the people as individuals. &gt; If they are not bound and will do the deliberation at the EC, then how do you choose them proportionally?Due to who they pledge for. And the syates would most likely attempt to pick trustworthy people. &gt; What if one Trump's elector is more likely to be persuaded to switch to another candidate than the other? Which one gets to go to EC? Up to the states to decide. &gt; You really don't want a system that is so rigged. That in no way would be "rigged". But I see your point, I just reject such as a viable outcome. &gt; Your system would work if every states switches to it simultaneously. Or incrementally back and forth. &gt; Since none of these never happen, They do, it's just not heavily reported on. You can look at the very last election for an example of a faithless elector. But agreed, it's not a common practice. And that's fine and makes sense given how they are choosen. &gt; So, do you really want that the electors start campaigning? Kind of. I'd like to know if the person who the state will assign to vote for candidate A is actually trustworthy enough to vote for candidate A. Rather than just the state determining such, yeah I'd line to make my own evaluation as well. &gt; Because that's not what people want. I believe a good portion do. Espiecally those that are politically vocal and vote. We see drastic proposals being made all the time. &gt; Now, if one of them switches to a proportional system and the other doesn't, then one candidate is getting 6 electors while the other gets 14. As opposed to 10 and 10. Agreed. Now why is that bad? &gt; If all these states had switched to the proportional system, but all the states that voted for McCain hadn't And why would that happen? &gt; Don't you think this would have been an absolute travesty? Not inherently, no. &gt; Californian Trump voters don't mind that all the electors from California go to Clinton, *if* they know that in Texas it's the opposite. I think many do. And it's also why many people don't even both to vote. &gt; And that's why it's extremely difficult to get individual states to switch to a proportional system. I completely agree. I'm not trying to say it's easy. I'm saying it's what I would like to work towards given my other views. Most of my ideas aren't feasible because they don't have support. That doesn't mean I completely drop my beliefs and adopt something else that I reject but is more feasible. &gt; So, a candidate could promise something that benefits Ohio in the expense of California or New York as regardless of which party he/she represents, California and New York is going to vote for the democrat candidate even if he/she gave some pork to Ohio. G I'd say that's an issue with California voters not caring then. Or havi g priorities elsewhere. You don't want such preferential treatment to occur, hold the candidates responsible. &gt; Why? You like it that a handful of states decide the elections **That's not what happens.** You're just assuming California will for ever be Democrat no matter what and don't even acknowledge that they are catered to as well to keep it safely blue. There are reasons why it stays blue. Because the blue candidates are still what they prefer. California has a huge impact. You just discount it as already being baked in. That's the issue with you're entire assessment. &gt; Eh, because we both agreed that a proportional system is better than the EC + winner take all. We don't agree on that, though. I want a proportional system + the EC. Where the EC takes priority. You're equation assumes "proportional system" is in it's own framework, which it isn't. &gt; I'd still promote the pact for the national vote ahead of trying to convince individual states to switch to a proportional system. Why? Because the first has an actual chance to get implemented, while the second will not happen. The perfect is the enemy of good. You're not actually taking my position. I don't view electors being proportional *based on the national popular vote* as good, at all. I don't see *any* benefit in the pact. You keep assuming "proportional representation" means the same thing to us. I want it to be based on each state. You want it to be based on the national scale. &gt; You can slice and dice how the votes get translated to whoever is finally elected, but the point is that person is going to be one. The other candidates don't get any say in any policy no matter how close to winning they came. Okay. That's the truth of the position. It doesn't change due to how he's elected. So I don't understand your point given what we are discussing. &gt; And you saying that the population is disconnected from the state governments? I think the *national population* is disconnected from each individual state government, yes. &gt; The state governments are tightly connected to the people in those states as they are elected by the people and they work for the people. Yes, which is why I want state proportional allocation of electors. But you're proposing national proportional allocation. I think that's as clear as I can make our disagreement.
Nice try. But you don't view that as a negative. You specifically want the president to be elected that way. I would view that as a negative. So all you're doing is trading away something we share but I value and you don't. That doesn't count as giving. That's much more in line with taking.
If you believed Biden commited a crime, would it then be in the public interest? If we thought Biden murdered 10 people, could the president call for investigations or would him simply running for office protect him from such? I think Trump lives in his own fantasy world where he gets bad information and believed "American people" wanted an investigation into Biden. And thus wanted Ukraine to do something for **us**, as he stated. I think there is enough *doubt* to not impeach him over such. &gt; Believe it or not, whether or not something is “in the public good” has an objective definition. And no, it doesn't. It would easily shift given the time period. You can easily look to history for such.
I'd agree on such a conclusion assuming your statement was proven. Where we disagree is that the act can be so easily defined as "using the power of your office to advance your personal interests, at the expense of the national interest". Like I said, I don't think it was proven that Trump did so for personal gain. And I don't even really see how the national intetest was harmed. Ukraine themselves have said they didn't feel pressured. I kind of detest we keep labeling people victims when they themselves tell us they aren't. I also don't truly see how a static event of an investigation is some pure thing of value. If an investigation happened, the media would simply cover it as a witchhunt and Biden would become a martyr. A conclusion could also be found, completely clearing Biden. Why is everyone assuming such would benefit Trump? Is a narrstive of "oh, sure we'll look into it", really that effective? I'd have to believe most opinions woukd be based on how the media decides to cover it, not the act itself.
&gt; everyone now is saying Biden is corrupt just because of the suggestion that he might be. Yeah. So what does an investigation change? My point is that rhetoric and the spin in media coverage influences voters, not static events like an investigation. You're making the argument that people have their minds already made up. &gt; He wanted Zelensky to *announce* investigations,....If it had been about actual corruption, why did he care more that the “investigation” was made public than actually carried out? See, you're buying into the rheotric rather than the facts. We have Trump requesting an investigation. And then we have evidence that *the aid* was made *contingent* on an announcement into such. Why do you do that? Because even Republican congressmen didn't want to hold aid for long. And if you set it contigent on the results of an investigation you only promote a rushed investigation. And a public announcement puts pressure on Ukraine to maintain a healthy relationship with the American people to fulfill the request. If Ukraine simply backed out on what they said they would do, it would harm any future potential aid and the relationship in general. There's a great deal amount of leverage in that alone. How this talking point is so prevelant astounds me. It takes a great amount of ignorance of the facts and the lack of the slightest tiny bit of strategic thinking, to assume all that was truly desired was the announcement. &gt; And OF COURSE Zelensky would say he didn’t feel pressured. Anyone in his position would have. Why? You don't think Americans would support him saying he was pressured? Every Democrat would be sucking his cock right now if he did. That would mean great things for him and his country in 2021 and beyond. &gt; We have more than enough evidence to conclude that he was motivated by person gain. You can keep saying that, but it doesn't make it true. I'd rather you discuss what your using as your basis to concluded such so I can at least attempt to agree with it or refute it. Your claim of a conclusion isn't an argument.
Why do you believe what I've said would lead me to conclude he should be impeached? Now the reasoning is a "violation of his oath of office"? How so? &gt; As to evidence, we have all the testimony and documents pointing in the exact same direction. Can you be more specific? I just attempted to refute one point of evidence that I believe you misrepresented. Do you oppose what I said? How so?
&gt; At that point he would have gotten what he wanted anyway, making actual investigations irrelevant, politically speaking. And that's a fine conclusion if your assuming such was only done for personal gain. I'm not convinced of such, especially due to the fact it still makes stategic sense for public gain. We don't agree, because you assume he's guilty and are justifying the facts on the presupposed opinion. &gt; You don’t get to use the unique power of your office *to try to keep yourself in that office.* Ever president does that in a generic sense. That's why the specifics matter. So let's not claim vague nonsense as some moral truth. And my position, is still that I don't accept he did it for personal gain. Whereas you keep sating it like it's established fact. &gt; It’s simply not plausible that Trump thought his “investigations” were really about “corruption” in Ukraine, which could potentially be a legitimate national security concern. Why didn’t he care about the issue in 2017 or 2018? Because Ukraine was looked at as corrupt and Zelensky just took office in May of 2019. And he was viewed as someone that America could actually support. The entire meeting was a congratulations on his election win. &gt; Trump also had the anti-corruption ambassador fired Because the ambassador was fighting corruption or for other reasons? You act like this actually means something. &gt; It’s clear he used the power of his office to gain an advantage in election. I disagree.
You know when you say your sister is beautiful amd someone says "so you want to bang her, huh?".? "No homo" is just "I like this person of my same sex, but don't like like this person". It may be stupid to say, but how is it in any way offensive?
No the "joke" is that you said something that could be conveyed sexually and you acknowledged such. And "no homo" presents that you're intentions aren't sexual in nature. Where are you getting the idea of homosexuality being worse?
The joke isn't that they aren't gay, the joke is that a sexual innuendo isn't sexually. The humor exists even before the phrase "no homo". If a homosexual person said "Yeah, I'll make sure to put my mail in her slot" and then said "No hetero" to the people that started laughing at the sexual inuendo, it's not to belittle heteosexual people, but simply decribing the situation that it's not meant to be sexual. Hell, I've heard plenty of straight people say "no hetereo" when catching themselves making a hetereo sexually innuendo when not doing so on purpose. It's a phrase to describe the sexual situation of the innuendo, not the sexual orientation of the person. And I would assume most sexual innuendos that are done on purpose are actually said purposefully in a sexual manner. So there isn't often much need for a phrase such as "no homo" because you're actually trying to be sexually explicit. So if a straight man said "I'll put my mail in her slot *wink*" he doesn't need to say "no hetereo" because he's actually procluding to the fact he would like to. "No homo" simply means "no sexual attraction meant". And because most people are hetereo, they simply use no homo. Not to declare they are hetereo, but simply because they are hetereo.
What testimonies? What they preach to defend themselves and set up as the narrative before questions? I mean, if we are to listen to testimonies we also better listen to the cross examining of such, otherwise we are just believing one side. So now I have to watch all the questions and answers. And most of the questions are ask to set up their own narrative. Where most of the "questions" aren't even questions but opinion claims and ask for a tiny talking point to help them conclude that their opinion is the correct conclusion. And all answers are cut short when the person being questioned isn't providing the answer desired. It's **draining**. I wanted to watch it all. It's just impossible. It's mind numbing. It's like a court room. Where everyone is simply selling you a story, not the truth. I hate being lead. It's so deeply patronizing. And that's all that keeps occuring. &gt; Because if you do, you’ll realize how preposterous the idea is that Trump was really worried about “corruption” and that’s why he held up aid to strong arm Zelensky into announcing investigations into the Bidens. I don't think Trump gave a shit about it 2 years ago. But that he was convinced by some of his people that "the American people" want to address such. And then he's a narcissist and has to claim how superior he is and how great his phone calls are. The Republicans in Congress themselves suck at making a good "defense" because they have to follow along with Trump mouthing off. Where he's saying things that are pretty clear (but things I don't view as impeachable) aren't true. He's being a moron. If he was questioned, he'd probably perjury himself. But just as I don't think Clinton should have been impeached for perjury, because the the very act he lied about wasn't an impeachable offense, I take the same position here. How would you suggest I read up on Ukraine? Can you help at all in directing me to specific topics you see as significant? I'll do so on Shokin.
No. Because one was about a specific policy and the other is about "accountability" which doesn't have the same easy solution of "stop". The Extradition Bill can simply not exist. When it comes to police brutality, it's much more.complex. What authority should be granted? What course of action can they take in certain situations. If they do go too far, what type of recourse shoukd they fsce? *Who* will hold them accountable? What's something that could happen to appease these American protesters? We won't get a solution. Even if policy exists, we'll have to wait to see if anything actually changes. Because it's the rejection of behavior and inaction, not specific policy. We can strive for change. But what change? What specific change could be made that won't simply be dependent on people actually being accountability in the future? There's no solution in immediate sight. Therefore there is no percievable end to the protests. Hong Kong you have the government rejecting the position of the people. In America, you have an agreement on that *this specific incident* was too far, but what does that exactly mean for policy/behavior for the future? We have many cases where there's much more disagreement on if the police were justified. So how do we actually move forward? What would appease the protesters?
WI and MI didn't exactly break for Trump. People just didn't vote. In Wisconsin, Trump received less votes than Romney did in 2012. And Clinton received 230,000 less than Obama did. Trump ultimately won by only 23,000 votes. In Michigan, 170,000 more voted for Trump than Romney, as 290,000 less people voted for Clinton than Obama. With Trump winning by only 11,000.
Of course they were. It *was* ineffective. And it was obvious to see it was going to be. Not simply because of any redirect, but because the issues aren't related. There was no reason why people should be connecting football to police brutality. And more so they didn't want Aaron Rodgers opinion on the best type of cereal, or any other opinion not related to why they've seeked out to observe and follow him. Do you really care about the opinions of others when you don't think it would simply help to spread your own position? It's so self-fulfilling. But yeah. People wanted to watch football. These players wanted to continue to play. What is **anyone** thinking once the "protest" is done? Were back to football entertainment. If the players themselves were able to leave their comfort zone, they'd protest by not playing. They'd make a long term stand. Where we shouldn't be watching people hit each other for entertainment when people are being hit unjustly.
A) It's the same protest. "Standing locked arm in solidarity". Better? B) Of course they are free. But people are free to reject their opinion. &gt; An athlete's opinion is just as valid as anyone else's Correct. Jack shit.
That's why most people didn't. And then you had a decent group of idiots misattributing it with an attack on 'merica. But most football fans opposed to it just wanted to watch football. Understood their message, didn't need it repeated to them at the start of every game, especially because they felt they couldn't do anything about it.
It's not "bad", it's annoying. People don't want to be preached to again and again about something they already accept. People want to be entertained by entertainers. What's "bad" about celebrities singing "Imagine"? People get peeved about things. When they feel a message is tone deaf. When a message isn't actually producing anything productive. And "respectful" will always be perceived subjectively. Again, if it wasn't televised, I don't think people would have care. If it wasn't talked about for 10 minutes before the action took place and randomly during the game, people wouldn't have cared. If it wasn't all that made up SportsCenter during the season, people wouldn't have cared. If Trump didn't make it even a bigger political matter, people wouldn't have cared. I'm upset about the fact that people can't seem to believe people can be opposed to the act without being "racist". That people can still support the message, but still find the actions stupid. I think it's just virtue signalling. But yeah, that happens these days. No big thing. But I'm not going to jump on a bandwagon and make believe this actually affects change. I'd agree with your last sentence if I thought you were willing to also say the same to people in high support of the action. I want someone to tell me why they think such is an effective protest of police brutality. If you can convince me it's a good way to move forward in that subject, then I'll change my mind.
Standing in lock arm during the national anthem of a football game is not fighting against injustice. That's my point. I *want* to address it. This doesn't do that. You're purposely conflating my rejection of one attempt at a solution (which I wouldn't call a solution at all) to a problem as my rejection for a solution at all. Stop participating in dualities. How about you explain to me how they are fighting for equality by what they were doing? How would equality ve gained? By what? What were they actually proposing? Specific policies? Shouting things people already observe is just pandering, virtue signaling. It doesn't actually profess progress. What's the path forward? I'd love to discuss our path forward. Football players standing in lock arm aren't doing jack shit to further than discussion. Just stop. Take your shaking head and shove it up your own ass. I'm so sick of your type of take.
And what awareness was raised? Who was "clued in" only when these protests took place? Who's eyes were opened? &gt; You're trying to delegitimize or worse, demonize them, for one act because it didn't solve the problem. That's just plain silly. I'm "deligitimizing it" because it hasn't actually accomplished, anything. &gt; Public displays of protest are often quite effective ways of raising awareness and starting conversations. No. They aren't. Not now. Ideas reach the media first. They reach people first, before any formation of protests. And taking George Floyd as a case study, it was people viewing the video themselves, not seeing people protest something. And the football protests were much more a generic idea, rather than a specific case people could actually rally behind. That's why it was much weaker in effect than any actually protest in response to a specific event. &gt; I am sorry their display of solidarity upsets you so much. It's in the fashion it was done in. At a football game. You want to raise awareness? Raise an awareness campaign. Co-opting another event is simply in poor taste. &gt; Because they're entertainers, they should not speak up? Do you think if a tv show was performed live that an actor should just be free to stop and promote a social issue right in the middle of it, *and* you'd support such? Even issues you disagree with? It's about the medium. And outside the medium, they'd be more free to do so. But I personally wouldn't care what a celebrity thinks on such a subject anyway. &gt; There is literally nothing wrong with what they did. Period. If you believe it accomplished something, I have an issue more with you than them. &gt; I will keep shaking my head at you because you're so worked up over one peaceful act a team did to show they support and standby a community I'm not worked up about what they did. I'm worked up about people that think it's immoral to not support their act. You seem to still not get it. Their act is whatever. I don't really care. That's why it was always "oppose" is quatation marks. What I care about is people pissed at me for not caring. I don't oppose what they did, but I don't support it either. And people like you that think I hate everyone simply for not supporting anything they do, is what I have issue with. I'm done. I've laid out my position. Have a good night.
Because the electors voted based upon the state popular votes in most every case. Being legally required to do so in half of US states.
Not simply "bigger states". States are allocated electors based upon their state's membership in Congress. Two electors coming from two Senators, and an equal number of electors compared to their representatives in the House. He won the electoral vote because more *electors* voted for him. There are 538 votes being cast. A President is elected if they reach 270 or above.
"Awarded fairly" is quite subjective. The thing you need to take away is that electors vote, not the people. And state governments get representation in the Federal government that resides over them, through their ability to appoint these electors (the people get representation throught the House of Representatives). All states have allowed their citizens to voice their support for who those electors should be, but in more clear terms, who those electors should vote for. This is mearly a suggestion though. Only half of US states have laws requiring electors to vote in representation of the state popular vote. And that "requirement" is actually being challenged right now in front of the Supreme Court. This "national popular vote" is a tally that we've simply tracked. It has no legal weight. The disparity between electoral votes and the national popular vote comes from states having vastly different populations. Also due to how electoral votes are often disbursed, through winner take all. This means with California having 55 electoral votes, and the results of the state popular vote comes 60% Clinton and 40% Trump, **all** 55 votes go to Clinton. And this is how 48 states currently allocate their electoral votes. If people want more "representation", I'm fully on board with replacing winner take all with proportional allocation and having an increase in the amount of Representatives in the House (which would increase the amount of electors, helping larger populated states). A cap was placed on this number in the past. Both things that have really altered how the EC was really intented to work. But I'm a big suppprter of the EC as a system to maintain the union of our states. Really no reason for states to stay in the union if they don't get representation. So the other main take away... We are a union of states that formed one Ferderal body to reside over the states. Your question applies to the states themselves. How did California manage to vote 100% Clinton when the results were truly 60/40? Because the states have decided to appoint electors that will vote in that manner. You've got me wondering now though, if every state allocated proportionally, who would have won in 2016? What if states allocated like Maine and Nebraska currently do, with two votes (representing the votes from Senate seats) going to the state popular vote winner and the others based on the winner in each congressional district (representing the votes from Representative seats)?
Kraft used to sell that cheese powder by itself. I used to spinkle a bit on any new complete mac and cheese dish to add a bit more cheese as well as an interesting "cruchy" texture.
What a moron. I can understand not supporting players co-opting a televised *performance* with their political views or thinking it's an ineffective "show" in of itself, but it was never about "dis-respecting the flag". Although, Kap himself said it was to disrespect America, as it wasn't currently to be respected for what it was doing to the black community. But that's a focused topic, not some broad "America" that you can then attribute the disrespect to anything you so wish.
I've gone without food for 24 hours myself many times, and that's with access to food. And water, certainly 14 hours.
Oh fuck off. He's not "on the other side" simply for making a moronic conclusion on the type of protest being performed. You think Brees just loves Police Brutality? God, he addresses the concern in that same interview. So much fucking "you're either with us 100% or against us" bullshit. It's not the two party system that creates the duality of politics, it's fucking us acting like entrenched fucking morons. I know this is pile of Drew Brees time, but this is an idiotic take.
The expectation everyone is placing on celebrities and anyone with a big following to use their platform to promote the cause. There's people claiming you're against the movement if you aren't speaking out. Like shit. What do you guys want from him? For him to be part of the solution or not?
Stand up to whom? Who's saying black lives don't matter? I understand we do need to address some things, but this is just becoming empty posturing. You want to protest? Call for specific actions. All you have now is people chanting slogans we all agree with. Let's move forward.
Virtue singaling. As in you're actions aren't actually about being virtuous, but making it so you are perceived to be virtuous. It's the difference between helping an old lady cross the street and just standing around and shaming everyone else that doesn't.
Just from a pure knowledge seeking pov, does that type of data require actually catching someone? As in, if the amount of crimes were still be commited but there was less policing to actually address such, would the data truly identify that? Bascially, was the decline due to less crime or less reporting? I mean, with pure lawlessness, there would be less official reports of crimes as well.
It's a symbolic action of solidarity. So it's quite stupid to have people do it when it's a true burden for them to do such. They can support the effort without the symbolic gesture. But people seem to demand it from people to "really know the mean it". It's religious at this point.
I'm not mad. I just think it's pointless. I'm not a partisan so I don't have to have the stupid D vs R demand others are having. Who doesn't support the cause? He's not doing anything. He's marching in a protest. Let me know when they want to actually address some issues. When we can start discussing specific policy changes. Right now we have people chanting black lives matter when no one is saying they don't. It's virtual signaling because it apparently means something to some people without actually accomplishing anything. In my example, no one has yet helped the old lady cross the street. They are all just shouting.
We pay a good amount per pupil for k-12 education compared to other countries. It's not a funding issue. It's a distribution of the funding issue, or how we teach, or maybe just our culture as a whole.
Eh. I'd say it has much more an anti-media and anti-government message. It's about an entity that promotes themselves as virtuous but really has alternative motives. You could really apply that to any group depending on your perspective.
That left leaning people are projecting what they believe the GOP to be, rather than making a fair analysis with an attempt at objectivity. Either from pure narrative setting or never having truly understood the ideals.
Is #BLM support of Black Lives Matter the progressive organization or support of the specific idea of black lives matter? I mean, what's the extent of what someone is supporting?
I wasn't the original commenter, so I didn't suggest anything. I don't think either major politic group has a standard form of ideals. So I wouldn't want to present them as "the" ideals of the party. But sure, I can share what I interpret, certainly making the GOP more a "home" than the Democrat party. You want the "pitch", as in *why* people seek association, or more an objective view of beliefs? I'll try something in between. I'd first like to say, I think it's even more confusing for the GOP right now with Trump as president. As they certainly shifted in some priorities. But let's lay some basics down. *Tradionalism* - Families are best off with a mother and father figure. They see a difference between what each can provide and such "diversity" is good in raising children. Sexual Intercourse is mainly a device for pro-creation. Marriage is a contract with God. State recognized marriage is done due to "the state interest" in procreation and stable households. *Equality, not Equity* - they see that the only interpretation of "fairness" that can be agreed upon in a society is equal application of the law, not equal outcome. They view wealth not as a zero sum game, and don't focus much on income inequality itself as much of an issue if at all. That people don't have a "right" to the services of others just because they choose to provide them. It's why even if they can acknowledge past racial discrepancies, they can't really provide a "solution" to such besides equal application of the law now. (Topical: There was much support from the GOP on the issue of police brutality. The issue got weakened as it became more racialized and started including many of the progressive politics that BLM as an orgnaization promotes. There are common solutions that can be had without having the same perspective.) *lndividualism, over Collectivism* - This certainly isn't perfect. Especially with the rise of "white identity". But I partial think that's a reactionary defense to what is interpreted as "the system" going for equity over equality. And the hardline religious were always there as well. But they have a belief that individuals are enough in control of what they have the potential to control to be okay. They are more opposed to the way unions operate, as exclusive bargaining representatives. I think this also helps describe the preference/mindset of state entities versus the federal government itself. (Topical: Not just "state rights" as often discussed, but the support of the EC as well.) They have a mindset of much less *needing* to be accomplished at the federal level. But then heavily focus on what they do believe is needed, national borders, military, etc.. *"Free Market Capitalism"* - Less regulation, less taxes. Less outside restrictions on providers, allow for more production, and more consumer desired being met. A worker trading their labor for money, so they can trade that money for the goods and services they desire, is a single contract with their employer and many other contracts with those who they then choose to do business with. And certainly some are better off than others, but you don't have a "right" to anything just because such is acknowledged. They'll accept some restrictions if it creates more transparency, competiton, etc.. It's often consumer minded, versus employee minded. Of course, some corruption comes into play, most often due to a desire to maintain power. So I think such instances are often a "sacrifice", not an ideal in of itself. And that's applicable to anyone in power. There's still a reason why politican A is voted in by their constiuents over politician B. Some issues often have ideals in conflict with one another. That's how a party itself can often fraction. People often resinate with some over others. So even if we can come up with some basic principles to describe the party by, holding any one individual to all the ideals simply doesn't work. Unless you're forming those ideals around one individual. But then, it won't truly present the party as a whole. Feel free to counter, critique, or even add.
By the sound of things, sports coming back will create a resurgence of this topic, given the vocality of many athletes.
And Goodell has now allowed the exposition of nudity (too go along with your lost shorts), aka politics, into the NFL. For how much people are screaming for sports, this is probably the easiest time for him to make such a move. Hey, I myself will be watching less pre-game and trying to time kickoff so I don't have to be preached to over and over again about something I've already understood, but I'll still be tuning in for the games.
He was shagging when he was 5 years old?
Honest question. A revolution for what exactly?
You're links either don't apply to the topic being discussed or outright oppose your claim. 1. That's simply a discussion about average drive speed over all travel. It's more focused on city vs highway usage than speeds over a certain limit. 2. Again, doesn't apply. It's about how changes in posted limits don't do much to.impact the speeds that average commuters were already traveling at. 3. He said it's normal for him and what he observes to be 5 miles over the speed limit. A study finding that average operating speeds are 4-8 mph above that limit, PROVE HIS POINT. 4. And "acceptable" to most people is 5 over the speed limit. It doesn't counter his claim at all. Do you live in a tomb in egypt, with a decaying brain? Because you're making not a single rationale point here.
&gt; If you fire a male employee because he loves another man, and you wouldn't fire a female employee who loves a man, that's discrimination "because of sex." And that's a fair rationalization. But what's the specific logic for gender identity to be protected?
I see how sexual orientation can be covered under sex, but what's the rarionale for gender identity? How does someone's identity to a gender relate specifically to biological sex?
You're missing *my* point. It's not about believing someone needs to identify a certain way, but a rejection of the entire idea of identity. You wouldn't be rejecting a trans woman for identifying as a woman, you'd do such because they require you as an employer to perceive them as how they identify rather than their biological sex. I'm trying to find out if such is even covered under this ruling. Because again, it simply related to sexual based sterotypes and gender norms, not how someone truly identifies. Sex is what is still protected, not gender identity outright. I agree with the court that dress code based upon sex should be protected **regardless** of someone's gender identity. A male idenifiying as a man that wants to wear a dress should be able to as well. This isn't limited to transgenderism. What I'm trying to understand is what protections are actually awarded to gender identity itself. And I'm not seeing that, even as people are praising such. &gt; You cannot base your hiring/firing on any part of their sexuality, or sexual identity. Period. Full stop. First. Not sexuality as a whole, only sexual orentiation. And I'm not discussing their sexual identity, but the mandates that might exist to have others accept such. Here's the question. If an employer refused to accept the identity of a trans person, is such illegal? If an employer hired them, but only fired them after the employee became beligerent for the non-acceptance of their identity, would such be legal? That's what "trans rights" would seem to protect, but I don't see how this ruling would apply to that situation. And I'm asking if it would.
I was asking if such a scenario would be covered. As I'd be worried that the court went to far, if such was now protected. I'm not trying to add anything, I'm proposing a scenario to reach clarification if such would be applicable or not. But I've moved to another discussion as I've read more. They used R.G. &amp; G.R. Harris Funeral Gomes Inc. v EEOC as a basis for the "transgender protection" ruling. I don't see how that specifically applies when that had much to do with the dress code, which is *legal* sex discrimination. And if an employer determines such a dress code based on sex rather than gender identity, I don't see how such is illegal discrimination to fire someone for not abiding by the dress code simply because the person was transgender. If a male can't use the female dress code, then it shouldn't be illegal to also prevent transgender woman from such. Because the distinction is made based on sex, not one's gender identity. This would be a case of "misgendering" someone. That the employer wanted their biological male employee to abide by the male dress code, but the employee identified as a woman and wished to abide by the female dress code. So that employee was then fired for not abiding by the employer's interpretation of the dress code. So I understand *your* conclusion, I'm just not sure if I believe it given the case they used in determining their ruling. What specifically is the protections for transgender people if not in regards to "misgendering"? Gosuch himself said that the dress code (along with bathroom access) issue is for a future ruling. Then why take this court case? I'm thoroughly confused. I'm a moron when it comes to legalese, but I want a better legal discussion from r/law than what's been happening so far in this thread. So I'm trying to at least question it all. Rather than just accepting some feel good conclusion of transgender protection when I have absolutely no idea what that means in practice.
Bae or ~~Bay~~ CHAZ?
It's raising an obvious point of reality there is more discussion and observations of the President today than in 1958. How many parents we're discussing the president with there chilsren in 1958 compared to now? How many internet memes about the president have these children seen in 1958 compared to now? It just seems that children in 1958 based their answers on the "idea" of the President (that he's a leader, works hard, and is "good") and that children in 2017 based their answers on Trump. Because it's about information gathered. Would have like results on if they could even name the president. Any specific thing he said. Anything to have a baseline knowledge of what you're giving an opinion on. You know, because what's the point of gathering opinions of people who have no idea of the subject matter?
Do you believe only those that are granted a podium to speak from (news media, celebrities, any one with "connections", etc.) without a cost associated for them should be able to speak, or should you be allowed to purchase your own podium? There are people with better avenues to speech than you. We agree on that. But denying the purchase of an avenue, won't deminish their speech, it will only deminish your own.
Not corporate donations, independent political expenditures. It's still illegal for a corporation to donate to political campaigns. These are potential "federal employees" so they have the authority to regulate financial income in the "state interest" of perceived corruption. But independent expenditures are just the association making their own speech. But I agree, corporations should not be viewed as associations exercising their freedom of speech because they are truly not a collective raising money **to** promote collective speech. *However*, **I support the ruling is CU v FEC** because Citizens United is a political organization who receives donations to promote political messages. The money used is directly tied to the message. I want a *different ruling* establishing that corporate treasury funds being used for matters of speech are not a form of collective speech when the money was actually collected in exchange for goods and services, not to promote speech. Walmart shouldn't be allowed to use money they received in exchange for a television on political expenditures. *Unless*, they start displaying and letting it be known that a percentage of revenue/income will go toward a certain political message. And the ruling wasn't strictly about corporations, it was about associations of individuals. And the court *determined* that a corporation was an association. I'd like to challenge *that* specific application, not the entire ruling itself.
People have interpreted him joking about wearing masks on the street as a full fledged position that he thinks people should just walk around and go to public areas with other crowds of people with no masks on. People are fucking retarded. Allowing a shitty title to influence their perception on this discussion. It also seems hating Rogan has been the cool think over the last couple months as well.
No one is saying he deserved to die. People are saying the officer is justified in shooting him.
There aren't just a payment processor, they hold the donations. Then if the BLM doesn't accept the donation within a certain time period, it's not returned, Act Blue keeps it. Stated in their own terms of service.
It might be a "conspiracy" to believe that certain political organizations would "team up" with Act Blue by refusing to accept to cash a check from Act Blue, but it's legally a possibility. If you made a donation to BLM through Act Blue and BLM didn't cash the check containing your donation within 60 days, the donation is re-designated as a contribution to Act Blue. Stated specifically so in their terms of use. Act Blue holds the money, and then pays it out only if requested. It isn't a simple transfer application. I don't need to confirm to receive the $20 for dinner from my friend on Venmo, I receive it no matter what.
I'm not trying to "discredit" them. I strongly oppose them as the progressive political organization they are. And I'm concerned of anyone donating to any organization for "Cause A" when they actually have a wide range of causes that the donation may be used for. That's an issue for me even if you donated directly to BLM, given their wide reach of politcal goals. ActBlue's involvement just adds to that issue. Not a Trump supporter or a Republican. But also don't see what information would be gained from seeing his tax returns. The IRS has the document so any illegal activity should have been caught. It seems it will just be used to set a narrative of him in some fashion. And I just get so sick of all the political rhetoric, telling people how to think. It's funny that you'd insert a partisan talking point as an attempt at a gotcha. If you're progressive feel free to donate to BLM. If you lean Democrat, you shouldn't have much qualms about using ActBlue. But if you aren't, then I'm offering a bit of insight in what these organizations do rather than being a blind transaction service or a strict organization opposing racial discrepancies in police brutality. That maybe if you simply support the concept of black lives matter, there may be better organizations to donate to.
Idk. They might wish to support ActBlue without having to record it as a contribution. Trump donates and they wish to reject it on some type of principle. The larger issue here is that ActBlue can legally change who you're donating to, if the company refuses to accept it, rather than it just being returned to you. Why is that acceptable to people? And BLM is simply the current focus because they are receiving millions of dollars in donations.
It's not about legality. And I'm not "speculating". I'm telling you what's objectively *possible* given the facts we do know. I'm not criticizing BLM, I'm trying to inform anyone that may be attempting to donate to them about what's possible with their donation.
Well if they are a non-profit, it would still need to advance their charitable mission (to maintain such status). And some organizations *do* implement donor restrictions, but I agree with you, in most cases they would be free to spend it elsewhere. Political Action Committees (which ActBlue is) have it that contributions by one person in the name of another, are prohibited. "This means that no one may make or help someone to make a contribution in the name of another." So ActBlue gets around that by changing the specific target of the contribution by you from BLM to themselves, rather than the donations coming from you in the name of BLM. ActBlue concludes you donated to them, not BLM. But yeah, candidates are free to use campaign contributions to fund charties or political parties. That's why I personally (as a non-partisan) find it so hard to donate to individual candidates. Yes, lots of "trust" is needed if you wish to donate in our current politcal arena. I'm not just trying to target BLM or ActBlue, but it was the focus here. You should be skeptical of anyone you donate to. Really get to know their desired goals and their finances. So, it seems we agreed. It just seems you're taking offense to something I've said.
Well you'd have to consider the differences in interpretation of what "needs" truly are. And then if such a fulfillment of needs is the responsibility of government.
In the US unions operate as exclusive bargaining representatives, where the pool of employees in a given employment market take a vote, and if the majority want union representation, the entire pool of employees is now represented by the union and no one can bargain for themselves. This has the effect that an individual employee can't "compete" with a union on increasing their benefits, as well as prevents other unions from competing. Question. Is this how unions operate in the Netherlands. From what I've heard, exclusive representation is quite unique to the US.
It's not humanitarian to simply kneel during a song at a sporting event. It's just virtue signaling on a subject we all pretty much agree with. So you just have some people kneeling that puts pressure on other people to kneel so they aren't seen as "supporting" police brutality and racial injustice. The message isn't strengthed. No one is denying or fighting against the message. You just get people pissed about being preached to over and over again. People aren't ignoring the issue. They just don't want to constantly be reminded of something they truly have not much power themselves to enact change about. Do you like rape? Do you like child molestation? You haven't denounced it in the last week, so you must not care about it. You evil bastard. ... See how stupid that logic is? I'm so sick of this. Yoy want change? Let's do something. Discuss actual policy changes and social changes. Let's progress. Placing expectations on sports players to kneel for 2 minutes before they play a sport for 60 minutes is fucking stupid.
1. It's co-opting a podium they've been allowed for a different matter. 2. It's "making a stand" for an issue for 2 minutes before they go on to play a sport for 60 minutes. Doesn't exactly present a strong message. 3. The "message" is either A. becoming more and more vague making it more difficult to actually address or B. something more focused and that most of us all agree with already. It becomes "preachy". Not informative. 4. It's virtue signalling that places social pressure on others to do the same. To kneel, not actually do anything productive. If you don't show you support the cause in this fashion, people start to question if you oppose it.
The draw back is for the players within the union. More competition means less power each player within the union holds.
I'm apparently more "Right" than "Left", given the fact I definitely associate more to *Paleolibertarianism* (Classical Liberalism at 97.7%) than *Utopian Socialism*. Haha. Not sure where my "Paleo" is coming from though as I had a lower percentage than you under conserve, theocracy (by a lot), and decelerate. That Race/Equality section is some bs, especially with they what they describe it. I had 32.1%, and can't comprehend which questions would have resulted in such. The "Left" questionaire is 80% about socialism, and basically assumes anyone taking it wants that as an outcome.
I just took the test and those words have been replaced with Particular vs Universal. It's meant as a discussion about Diplomacy.
Johnson even ran a campaign ad against Feinfold for how he voted on the Patriot Act. But we all should acknowledge that politicans are deeper than one policy position.
Say goodbye to free access to most websites. And many ceasing to exist outright. Their model is to sell your data to advertisers. Is that something people are still being "tricked" into? Don't want your data shared, don't use their website. This is just more bs from the "I have a right to a service another person provides" crowd. Who will also react all negatively once they are financially charged for the services instead. Why does r/technology just seem filled with socialists, not tech literate people?
It's the same here in the US.
I don't mean they sell your data specifically. They currate it and sell advertising space with the knowledge that they will benefit from using target advertising based on the data.
Anyone want to discuss the actual law being proposed? Because from what I gathered he wants to prohibit the very activity of data gathering that many websites depend on to offer free access based on an ability to sell advertising based on such data. It's ridiculous on it's face. It's not about "shifting burden", it's prohibiting the very revenue stream that allows online content to be free.
The discussion was about social media. I was contrasting it to the examples of Crowder, Rubin, and the rest.
So what makes some classes more "worthy" of protection than others?
You also don't choose your height, even your weight in some circumstances, your eye color, and much of your upbringing. It could be argued that people don't choose their level of education (as it's continguint on school districts), ability to access university education (economic disadvantages), and all sorts of nonesense. It's never been based on "what you don't choose". It was a **reaction** to a way society was behaving to "protect" certain subgroups within a classification to make sure they had access to aspects of society. And then what society decided was "good" to discriminate against maintained legal status. Sex and Age are two classes that are protected in employment (title 7), but not in public accommodation (title 2). Imagine people being consistent and believing that senior citizen discounts should be illegal. There's no "foundation" to these protections, they've always been forms of populist policy. These protections are no different.
I'm against any classification protections in relation to private property. But in matter of the public, I do believe gender expression (as a form expression based upon sex stereotypes) is a protection under sex. I do however not believe gender identity should be a protected class, and don't believe 8t falls under the scope of sex.
Not "oppressors", those with established and recognized "status". Breaking into some random house and the White House will result in unequal punishments. Screaming at some random guy in a court room has a different repercussion than screaming at the judge. Because the "threat" you pose is hightened given the status of individual. Yes, there are positions of "privelege" when it comes to the occupation of certain public employees. It's the same mindset for why you can get away with harassing public "celebrities" more than a regular citizen. It's an interpretation that the "threat" is hightened. So you potential argue the same coming from police officers, but it wouldn't be for an equal cfime. The crime itself would be raised. Same in the instances you are thinking. It's not more time because cop, the crime itself is raised resulting in more time. Edit: So no, not for the same crime. But if you'd like to present that the use of force from their position of power should be interpreted as a worse crime, then you could at least move forward and dispels all the replies of unequal protection of the law you are are receiving.
Because you can jump on the bandwagon of progressive, leaning on socialist ideology while under the banner of "anti-racism" which has extreme magnitudes higher support than the progressive movement itself. There's a reason why protests exist for an issue that 99% of us agree with. It's because there's truly more to their message, that many people don't agree with. This is precisely how you move unpopular ideas, you co-opt something people do agree with and try and tie them together.
&gt; It's hard to fight racism when everyone denies that what they're doing is racist in the first place. I think it would behoove people to acknowledge the difference between racism and racial prejudice. To *be* racist is to believe that your race is superior and thus any action toward another race has a motive attached to it. To participate in racial prejudice l is something that can be minimized by establishing that these minority cases (that someone is establishing their beliefs on) are just that. People can *learn* and try to avoid. People deny that they have a *motive* to hate another race. Because that's what the racist label implies. This is quite easy to see if people actually wanted to address the issue. I don't believe people do. It's all about "winning". The desire is to blacklist people by applying such a negative label to them that we can dismiss them as people, and their opinions, entirely.
I wasn't attempting to put any perspective on you, so I apologize if you took it that way. I was just trying to make a broader point on the subject. I have no idea why you received the downvotes you have.
He needs to attack Biden. Make Biden choose between being a vocal supporter of the progressive movement within the Democrat Party or the more "back to normalcy" candidate that won him the nomination over Bernie. And I'd say the better strategy is to pigeonhole him into supporting the progressive movement. This can harm Biden's support of less progressive Democrat leaning voters, while also pulling in undecided, Republican leaning voters to vote for Trump to avoid the progressive movement. And who Biden ends up picking as his VP will play a big factor in that messaging.
And when neither candidate is going in your general direction? When the focus on issues you don't care about, and ignores the one's you do? When their solutions to address problems you perceive as well, you view as only making the issue worse? It's not always so easy to pick from two options. Where they certainly are different, but you personally have different priorities and a different ideology from both of them. Where we are stuck discussing binary choices of candidates, *issues to place priority on, and the solutions to those issues*. If I don't like option A, doesn't mean I'll like option B. I'll take a candidate that is a literal pile of shit (meaning they do absolutely nothing) than basically all candidates within my lifetime. These choices are both regressive to "where I want to go". Both buses are taking me further away. So why should I get on?
It's funny. I assess the same way you do (20 years down the road) but disagree with your conclusion on what that means. A Biden presidency with a Democrat Senate and House, would terrify me more for our future than another 4 years of Trump fighting with congress. I'd also rather take a *conservative* justice/judge over a liberal one. Some are bad, no question, but that's still a topic of either or. I'm "stuck" with choices I'd both disagree with for different reasons.
I responded to another reply with an [old comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/8gblvh/_/dyaranq) of mine with some basic topics. I could go more in depth or give you my perspective on more recent matters if you wish. I just think our focus is all off and the proposed solutions to certain issues suck from both sides. Just because a side wants to address an issue I also see as an issue, doesn't mean I'll support them when they propose a solution I think will just make matters worse.
Because I believe conservative justices/judges are much more in line with my interpretation of the constitution (and the authority around the judicial branch) than liberal/progressive ones. Regarding SCOTUS, for Trump appointees, I don't like Kavanaugh, but I like Gorsuch. Kagan is the only "liberal" justice I respect. How would you answer that question in who you'd prefer?
Edit: This is a rant. It wasn't meant as anything personal to you. Just addressing my view on your claims. &gt; Subsidize both elderly and poor... Only as far as reforming Social Security goes. It's my "compromise" of a plan to release us of the "emplpyee side" of payroll taxes while still doing something with the "employer side" of payroll taxes. Because companies will simply take that back, even though it truly was part of wages. There's no way of pulling us out of the welfare it provides. It would have to be a slow process. And I don't see either party ready to take on that task. &gt; You don't like payroll tax because it disproportionately hits poorer peopl Exactly. But everyone supports the system. They'd rather add bureaucracy (take money, then give it back) rather than just letting people keep their money. And we have proposals from Democrats to increase payroll taxes to help fund M4A. A payroll tax holiday was praised when Obama did it, looked upon as evil when it was an idea of Trump's. It's all fucking partisan nonsense. Don't tell me there are actual ideals being held up. &gt; only democrat platforms advocate this position, republican platforms want to subsidize both less. I'd prefer we subsidize them less as well, by letting them keep more of their money. I think you're not fully understanding my view here. &gt; Healthcare - the ACA *is* government subsidized catastrophic coverage No. It mandated certain preventive care to be covered. I don't want insurance covering things that doesn't involve risk. And they placed mandates on employers to offer health insurance, something we need to move away from. The ACA was shit because it *entrenched us further* into our shitty system while applying some bandaids. It also set precedent that the government can apparently require us to buy services from private companies by offering tax exemptions if we do. (No thanks to 4 "liberal" justices and one "conservative" one). &gt; Pools for high-risk individuals has been tried but they collapsed They collapse because it's never funded well enough (you won't hear me say that much, but it this case it's the very reason they are sustainable. It's not a pool for high risk individuals, it's a pool for anyone that becomes high risk. Everyone pays into is as an actual insurance plan, mitigating against extreme risk. I don't want people paying for "insurance" when they go and get a yearly checkup, there is no reason for a middle man is those cases. &gt; Democrats effectively support the workable parts of your healthcare hypothesis, No. They target minor issues with shitty bandaids that create further issues themselves. The last thing I want is full UHC. I think it would destroy supply (and thus access to health care) across the globe. And I'd rather try and convince someone to move a bit more, than try and hold them back. Because power is so easily taken and pocketed, and then protected. &gt; Logarythmically adjusted progressive taxes - Do I really need to explain why the democratic platform of advocating progressive taxes and the republican platform of flat taxes makes the choice for you *obvious* for which platform moves you closer to your goals here? This is where it becomes a mixed bag. I want lower payroll and corporate taxes. More exemptions for low income earners, lower taxes for the middle class, and higher tax rates for high income earners. The rhetoric and desire for more revenue from Democrats just makes matters worse. I don't want to tax high income earners more to fund some new project, I want it to stay within a budget, that needs to drastically be reduced. It's not so simple as "tax the wealthy more", for me to jump on board. It's interconnected on many other things I oppose. And I'm not prepared to take one without the other. Because it will never come. And the rhetoric sucks as well. Stop demonizing the wealthy. It's aboit taxing income, not punishing individuals. &gt; Replace FPTP - ballot initiatives supported almost exclusively by progressive candidates are already doing this in states like Maine. If Democrats would get off the worst alternative possible that is Ranked Voting (IRV), that would help. But yeah, this is an areas I support. But they are also the same people that wish to eliminate the Electoral College. So again, your asking me to sacrifice a huge issue to promote another. &gt; Net neutrality - title 2 is more complicated, but again unless you want full privatization and elimination of effective FCC oversight of online commercial activity and ISP activity it should be pretty clear which platform you want here. Nope. Title II gives the FCC way too much authority. My first priority is less unchecked authority. You're not going to fear monger me into supporting increasing massive amounts of authority over what is actually needed to address the issue. I could argue against Republicans in the same fashion. But felt I'd address the side you are address specifically. Truly what I hate most is all the rheotric. It just all seems so fake to me. Every politician is a narcissist because that's a requirement to feel the desire to be in such an authoritative position. But then they speak to the public like they are children. Either too stupid to understand policy, or just so easily manipulated that they take advantage of such. It's all a shit show. I *love* politics (as something to think about), I hate our political discourse. I'm only 30. Everything is getting more identitarian, as I'm seeking a way out of it. I can't join the discussion because I refuse to take a side, and people throw you in one anyway.
I see everyone as looking bad. The guy reporting for having a "racism is everywhere" mindset to think a door pull fashioned in such a way it looks like a noose was a hate crime against Bubba, rather than being, you know, just a door pull. NASCAR for declaring it a hate crime to the world. To further there own current "racism is bad" over done agenda. Bubba for his response before discovery (calling out skeptics) and afterwards (still calling it a noose and saying that he's never seen anything like it). To me, the "show of solidarity" just seemed like a creepy paternalist display. I don't see how people didn't cringe when he was patted on the shoulder as other drivers walked along his car. But that's really the least of my issues with this whole ordeal. The FBI for wasting resources. And for having to present "woke" to not call out that it wasn't a noose. &gt; That leads me to two logical conclusions:... Or everyone is pushing an agenda and narcissistic. &gt; but I have no reason to believe everyone involved wasn’t acting in Wallace’s best interest I have reason to believe they were acting in their own self interest. And further proven by people like you supporting their mistakes.
Who's making it political? Those that want to make policy requiring the wearing of masks? Or those that wish for it to not be a policy? Have you thought for a second what you're saying?
Of course it does. Politics involves the very nature of policy and it's discussion. You seem to be conflating political with partisan.
Yeah, he also went around peeing on people. He was a fucking lunatic.
It establishes that the *default* position is that the state owns your organs upon becoming deceased. I don't understand why so many people are in support of that. Should they be able to take sperm as well? Use your DNA for cloning? Perform experiments on your remains? Defile your remains in any way they so wish? Where does this "public interest" stop? How will people be informed of such? Is it clearly laid out? Are they given various attempts at opting-out? Is it just hidden in paperwork?
But why not? Your one life with multiple organs could save the lives of multiple people. You're being selfish to declare you life is more important than multiple other lives... See how stupid this argument becomes?
No. You have the *ability* to opt out. The government now has the *right* to your organs. They are simply *currently* contractually obligated to give you the choice to opt out. The debate here is who should have the default ownership over organs once deceased. The person in question, or the state? And I'm amazed how many people can live with themselves, as just their mere existence does the world harm, while claiming that the "public interest" is more important than individual ownership.
Then raise a campaign for it. Make it as easy as possible. In the US, they list it on your Driver's License, thus they should simply ask you anytime you get your ID renewed. The majority don't care about their online privacy either when it comes to things such as targeted ads. Yet we shouldn't simply give up control of such. It should be opt-in. I just don't understand this disconnect people have. Yeah, a majority of people don't pay attention to really anything. And they don't "care enough" to do many things. That doesn't mean you should take their agency from them, and only give it back if they make the active step. Who's responsibility should it be? The state to request the organ they wish to use? Or a person to request they keep their organs intacted after death? I mean some of these other replies... If a dead person doesn't have any rights, then the state can simply dismiss any opt-out request and harvest their organs anyway. At this point, for the public benefit, why even let people opt-out? Fuck people and their agency, the organs are going to be wasted. We're gonna let some religious fanatics prevent us from policy that would truly benefit humanity?
That's just terrible framing. "Benefit - people deny saving a life". "Unnecessary deaths". The drawback to opt-out is that it declares the state has the right to your organs after death. That's what the debate is over. Your argument is that the ends justify the means. But you won't even acknowledge the wrong I perceive, that's why it's so easy for you to "justify" it. You seem to provide no autonomy to a body that your mother formed. That apparently once born, you were just on a ticking clock until you were the government's property unless you intervened.
&gt; Marriage isn't about procreation Then *honestly*, why is it constitutional for consanguinity marriage to be illegal?
&gt; and that, since procreation involving these couples is more likely to cause genetic abnormalities in the offspring*, there is a compelling government interest in banning these marriages. Simply because the legality of marriage "normalizes" the relationships even if the sexual act of incest itself was still illegal? &gt; And since these restrictions apply only to very few cases, it's not an overly restrictive law. That seems weird as rationale. You claimed yourself the very restriction places a disincentive on the cases from occuring. So basically, it seems you can justify anything by diminishing it through force and then claim that there are only limited cases for it to not be something that actually is a undue burden. &gt; in some cases, like with first cousins, this is being disputed by science. If the courts find there is no scientific basis for believing a certain relationship is significantly more likely to cause birth defects on offspring, then there is basically no case for banning those types of relationships. Correct. From what I've read it only doubles (from 2% to 4%) the chances of deformities in children. And that woman over the age of 50 who birth children have similar rates. So do we make sex illegal for woman over the age of 50? I'd love to see that argued. The other question I have is why intercourse is seen as the same as birthing a child. It seems to contrast with the arguments for abortion. If this fetus isn't something to be protected, then why can't incest simply happen and then abortions occur? There's no child being harmed in an abortion, so how can it be claimed that a fetus formed from incest is being harmed at conception?
The entire show is one-liners. It gets old pretty fast.
No, I'm complaining that it's set up like a lot sitcoms. Where ever part of the dialog is a joke to be laughed at. For me, that just causes saturation, and any story arch suffers from it. And it's not that they *are* memorable, it's that they *try* to be memorable. And so they throw a ton of one liners at you so you'll hopefully find a few funny and they'll stick. But that just means there's tons of garbage surrounding those. I'm trying to help describe the type of show. I like my shows to be more story driven, with the *occassional* joke. This show comes across as a try-hard, so I don't enjoy it. Many of you do. We have different tastes. Crazy.
&gt; The historical reason it's illegal is because of our cultural taboos surrounding incest Of course. But I'm discussing how it exists in the current legal framework. Homosexual relationships were taboo as well in the past. But we've adjusted. It just seems change is more based on social acceptance, than consistent legal applications. &gt; In terms of the current legal rationale, there are a number of obvious factors that distinguish consanguinity marriage from same-sex marriage.... Point taken. But is that something the the Judivial branch should consider as a main reason to accept it's illegal status? It can remain constitutional because other laws (that could be changed) interfere with a nice easy transition? That seems a recipe to deny constitutional rights simply by burdening the system with laws. &gt; Banning consanguinity marriages also doesn't place a significant burden on a well-defined class of people. And who gets to establish these classes? People aren't really "gay" or "straight" they have sexual attractions, and then we place similar attractions into a very narrowly define group. Sexual orientation is our sexual atractions based solely on our sex and the sex of other people. There's so much more to bioligical sexual urges. Even within these not perfectly defined categories. Is it attraction to primary sexual characteristics, secondary sexual characteristics, or what I've even heard argued, what someone else identifies as. The only reason why we focus on secual orentitarion over any other sexual desires is because it's commonly binary. So it's simply an easy way to shrink populations when discussing grouos of people. &gt; If you ban a gay man from marrying other men, you are effectively preventing him from ever getting married to anyone. It's about sex discrimination, not sexual orentiation. Denying me a straight man from marrying my best male friend is unconstitional is the same way as if I was gay. But your statement shows how people, and even the court in some arguments, made this go beyond sex, into sexual orientation. Where the factor of sexual desire itself was used as rationale. And I'm trying to understand *on that basis* why the class of sex is the only sexual desire to factor in. &gt; If you're going to do the "wow, I'm so smart, I found a technical reason to oppose same-sex marriage that doesn't have anything to do with bigotry" thing, at least spend some time thinking your arguments through. Just dropping incest into the conversation is basically the Chewbacca defense of homophobia. I outright believe that consanguinity marriage should be legal. It's not an argument against same-sex marriage. It's a discussion about the logic and hypocrisy people have in opposing things they view as *too* taboo. I don't give a fuck if homophobic idiots attempt to being up the same vague rhetoric. I actually have a principled view on why I bring it up. And I appreciated your response, up until this accusation. I also believe that people need to learn how to use words like pedophilia as the biological attraction it is, and to not conflate it with the act of child sexual abuse. But people put up this illogical shield when discussing what they view as taboo and what isn't. They "this is moral, this isn't" type of absolutism view that denies any rational discussion.
"Save big money at my nards!"
&gt; Nope other countries would not have the media unanimously bash one canidate for scare everyone away from voting for a candidate just because he threatened to raise their taxes. Umm, are you trying to say that the media was unanimously against Bernie Sanders? Because that jist seems delusional. And stop conflating the media with the constituonal right of "the press". You're part of "the press" simply by being free to report on things. &gt; Only the US has a gerrymandering problem and every other democratic nation does not attempt voter suppression Honest question, what other countries must alter their districts according to a census held every 10 years? We are *required* to find a way to adjust districts. &gt; Universal background checks supported by 80% of the population blocked by the NRA. And what does that include specifically? Does it block loaning a firearm to your friend or your son? Does it block gifting a gun to someone else? Does it block someone from inheriting a firearm? What's the step to get the background check? Is NICS open to everyone to access for free? Are their fees attached? Must we go through a licensed firearm dealer? What prevents the govenrment from denying such licensing? Polls show support for *ideas*, not specific policy. It's not "blocked by the NRA", it's blocked by congressmen. The NRA doesn't vote, politicians do. The NRAs power comes from its members (constituents), not their political spending. And the minority can maintain more power over a majority when it comes to defense of certain rights. Many times we factor in the *magnitude* of belief that people have. When the more harden supporters of the 2nd amendment know that private sales where exempt as a consession to them in the past, why would they believe there is any good faith gun control proposals? You revoke something that was previously a concession, you'll get massive outrage. Additionally we are a nation of states. 80% of the population lives in less than 50% of the states. The goal **isn't** to listen to the national population as a whole. Your representative, shouldn't be listening to anything I say. Your senator shouldn't be listening to anything I say. Because I'm not their constiuent, you are. So why the fuck would they care about a national poll? Using national polls for policy decisions defeats the whole point of representatives. &gt; Nope you go after the violent people not people protesting peacefully Remember the bible incident. Peaceful protesters attacked. People aren't just protesting. They are speicfically trying to challenge authority by trying to get the police to respond, and become martyrs. Not saying it's justified, but people are playing games more than they are just trying to spread a message (in these minority of cases that go bad). It's really not a fair picture of our right to protest to pick out the specific negative altercations.
