Eminem after the 8 Mile Soundtrack but this is low hanging fruit tbh
agreed
This beat sounds like an angel humming into my ear it's beautiful
Should've bought Swole Patrol
Is this a joke
Anything with similar to The Heart Pt.2 or the beat itself The Roots - A Piece of Light. Also anyone have any good beat tape recommendations that have a similar sound to what Saba and Noname's production sounds like?
I thought Feige wanted Asa Butterfield for Spider-Man but Sony picked Tom Holland?
The hardest choices require the strongest wills
Honestly I don't care about the customization anymore what I am upset about (and also why I won't buy the game) is how the game is still a run-n-gun Michael Bay style FPS game. Their "attrition" changes where supposedly going to slow down the game but instead it still plays like BF1 but with better gunplay and less grenade spam.
dunno why but the vocal sample on red water always makes me laugh
[Vanilla - Azure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOtjZ-coPCU)
They certainly are but I was hoping for something refreshing and new for the franchise
Anyone know of any beat tapes similar to what Saba and Noname's production sounds like?
Ben Kingsley would've been interesting as Vulture
A Kraven's Last Hunt adapatation with Tobey as Spider-Man and Raimi directing.
He humiliated me by touching me
I can't wait
This is dope thanks for sharing
might as well just get an iphone then
shoutout to Soulection radio on Beats 1. I find music I like pretty much everytime I listen.
No he trashed the S9 and Note 9 for not doing anything new and how Huawei was going to overtake Samsung in the smartphone market.
This sounds amazing enjoy it OP
Good thing we're actively gimping the best feature of Android with notches
Thanks I’ll check these out
I hope not. Marvel’s upper execs will view that as a reason to kill off 616 Peter Parker
The hope is they'd eventually improve
I don’t think shitty scores are part of their formula
ropz is gonna be a top 5 player once he can full time grind CS
Alright I'll check his work out thanks
Have fun for me at Stanford OP :D Congrats!
Yeah same. If worse comes to worse I'll just ask a friend to spoil CM for me so at least I'll know who she is by the time A4 comes out.
Am I not supposed to have what I want? What I need...
No wonder people call MCU Spider-Man white Miles Morales
God damn I miss that score and the web swinging sequences
Sony plans on doing a Kraven movie with Spider-Man. If they don't meddle with the movie (big if) they could bring back Tobey and Raimi to do a Kraven's Last Hunt adaptation.
Honestly every high school in that general area is competitive af
&gt; I would have hoped that they'd double-down on the realism INS 2 was never a slow paced tactical shooter. At higher levels of play the game played like CoD4 Promod without strafejumping and quickscoping.
Relistened to The Heart Pt. 4 after a long time. This track is really good.
I have no respect for a Spider-Man who doesn't know how to use his powers 8 months into the job or a Spider-Man who convinces himself he is a product of suit despite being able to "stop a truck with his bare hands"
What are you his lawyer? Get out
This vocal sample always makes me giggle like an idiot for some reason
Brilliant but brilliant
Create a fake app that you work on with her and then make your own actual app at a library
Sometimes it be like that
He's not a bad guy he just had bad luck
Not begged but forced him to do so
Because they look nice
That's a shame. You'd think the money from Fornite would be spread to some other projects that were on life support before Fortnite blew up.
How tf is this an insult
Tobey was also going to cameo in The Incredible Hulk until Sony denied Marvel
Peanut is so damn haunting it's like the second part of u
Honestly it seems like Liquid's map pool is fucked against Astralis anything Liquid can do on a map Astralis can do much better
Yes
Welp time to join a Faceit hub
Mine is probably this track or Self Care
Long Time, RIP, and Lean 4 Real is probably one of my favorite 3 song stretches from this year but beyond those tracks I don't care much for Die Lit.
this but unironically
starting derrick henry in fantasy finally paid off
Some personal suggestions for gameplay: - Don't show on the map where people are dropping. This will build tension and will facilitate more aggressive play. - Increase money rewards for killing someone - Increase ammo counts for weapons you find or buy. It's just not very fun being constricted to 9 rounds of ammo when you find a pistol. - EXPERIMENTAL/RISKY FEATURE: Enable bunnyhopping
I'm glad the Russos don't lurk Reddit
You shouldn't have to ref for a game you are a player in.
I have no writing skills but I'd like to suggest the introduction of Mayday Parker at some point in your series.
I just want a fancy looking knife. I'm too cheap to buy a knife and the default knives look like toys.
That was true a few years ago now it feels like the opposite
Earl Sweatshirt - Peanut Capital Steez - Emotionless Thoughts
This is like an epilogue to IW. I've seen enough of A4 trailers (don't want to spoil anything even if it's minor) I'm just gonna wait till release now
Ok imma write my RD supplement on being an AWPer in CSGO
The Phase 1 designs for most MCU characters seem pretty in line with what Raimi might've done.
Superman TAS: World's Finest It's what BvS should've been in the first place
*nothing's worrying meeee*
Imagine everyone is suiting up for the final battle against Thanos and then it cuts to this scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evhAnLfHNkE&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=112
Someone on Samsung's payroll wouldn't call for the firing for the Exynos SOC devs if next year's iteration underperforms again
PC has a decent amount of servers active (in NA at least). DLC map servers are rare though. Also unofficial mod tools should be coming out sometime next year which should breathe new life into this game.
The Jason Garrett of CS
They wasted a big opportunity to actually show him learning to use his powers. I would've liked to see them cut out a small sideplot in favor of showing him learning to web sling so the final fight could've used Spider-Man's most aerial villain to his full potential. Watching them tangle through the skyscrapers of NYC would've been far more exciting and intriguing than what was actually in the movie and it could've shown him growing into his powers a key plot point in the movie.
that stew b site hold to force OT still gives me goosebumps
Does it balance humor well like the first two Raimi films?
Earl Sweatshirt - Peanut
Greg Capullo. His art style reminds of TAS Batman but more realism and realistic proportions
This is amazing. The CGI is getting lots of praise (deservedly so) but I want to point out the well done camera work it keeps you in the action so well. good job /u/peterfrance
Lil Wayne on Big Bad Wolf "N*ggas talkin' out their bowel mover Turn their homies into flower choosers Turn your kids into father choosers Make your bitch a widow and your mom a cougar I'm a silent shooter with a silent shooter Clap at you, if you don't die, I'll boo ya Tell a doc that's tryna save your life And runnin' wires through you, he could die next to ya, rrr" The whole track his just one big verse of Weezy flexing his flow and rhyming ability.
/r/mousereview they have good advice based on your hand size, grip, and weight preference.
At least there’ll be variety
No you find a credible source with a boatload of information and then your write your own stuff claiming you found the info at the site you found
Hey at least we didn't end on a cliffhanger
Dilla imo he was better at reinventing his sound to keep it fresh
Jay Z - Lost One
They made Peter Parker defined by his youth and inexperience which Spider-Man was never about. It pains me as well because Holland has so much potential but he just doesn't have the director with the vision to realize that potential. As we say here: "I'm not a bad person, I just have bad luck."
[mrw](https://i.redd.it/5cgecj68bkr01.jpg)
&gt;gatar im ded
At least it doesn't limit your notification count to 3 at a time.
Can you still formula one peek with the AWP on the PS3?
[The Roots - Dynamite! (Instrumental)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhABFcpoGBc)
Flying Lotus - You're Dead!
See what happens when Sony/Avi Arad doesn't meddle with talented filmmakers?
Wun Two - Snow, Vol. 2 honestly most of his discog is pretty good for lofi hip-hop
Man fuck these cryptic ass tweets. Next week all involved parties are gonna spam 🤔/👀 emojis
ffs
This is cool and all but the bigger news is ESPN is actually reporting CSGO rumors Tarik rn: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2icXzXuqNM
Mines mildly stained I got it in late October. If I look straight at it it's very obvious if I'm looking at it from an angle when sitting at my desk I barely notice it. Still would be nice to have a good method to clean the staining when it happens.
He probably gets paid the same (or even more) and he has a Stanford degree to fall back on if CS isn’t viable in the future. Also who wouldn’t want to be professionally involved with CS if you were passionate for the game and got paid bank
This is wholesome af good luck op
FaZe Zywoo 👀
goddamit
i hate twitter bait. this shit has happened one too many times this year
Don't go all the way till 700 anything OMD onward is hot garbage and I don't feel it's worth the effort to fish out the handful of good stories told in that time.
CIG’s supposed transparency is such a meme. All the roadmaps they share are never representative of what’s actually happening at their offices. They seem to never tell the public about what is actually causing all their delays.
My friend Sam taught me that
He probably would've been more aggressive and rash in his methods but he'd become the Spider-Man we know and love after the death of Gwen Stacy
Get this man rescued from the FR scene
Rainbow Six Siege comes to mind. R6S barely plays like the game it once was
/r/spidermanps4 mostly shits on the Raimi films and suit calling them products of nostalgia
It could've been best in the series
IDLSIDGO, listened to it a lot in prep for SRS because I like the singles.
Now that the year's almost over what projects from 2017 do you all still listen to?
I just wanted to see which projects from last year had a lot of staying power.
I gotta relisten to gkmc now
Virgin fans: "The Raimi suit sucks it barely looks like it's from the comics" Also virgin fans: "The Raimi suit looks just like the classic suit we don't need another lookalike"
I'm hoping he goes Super Saiyan in 2019 and NiP wins a few tourneys
Joey and Alchemist
surgical summer never ended fellas
You're late
Gonna cry?
ye's in danger of himself
USM doesn't have a single story that comes near the stuff DeMatteis, DeFalco, or Stern were doing.
Spencer's (ASM Vol 5 or #801 onward) run is good. Scott and Quesada have written Spider-Man hopelessly out of character since 2007. There may be a handful of salvagable stories in that time period but quite frankly I don't want to sift through piles of garbage to find those.
[uh this is concerning](https://i.imgur.com/2OiusAB.png)
He doesn't change any opinions he just gives the people too afraid to go against the circlejerk good talking points
David vs Goliath the Second
it's so nice to see auti doing well with the awp.
It hurt his sales but I thought the roll out was unique the anticipation for each part to drop was fun especially when you've been waiting on certain tracks for a year because of snippets.
A team with two top 5 players in their prime should be winning tournaments.
Or Liquid to 1st place for once
[based guardian](https://twitter.com/guardiancsgo/status/1074105534826070023)
this would be a cool operation gamemode ^^^^volvo ^^^^pls
We don't know this current EU C9 iteration's peak yet so it's hard to say
Can we get Preemo to produce it?
lookin' good Spidey
I would've bought a PS4 and the game if they added the suit. Now I'm just gonna wait till the PS5 comes out so I can get a PS4 for $100
&gt;just bad at reading social cues Why do you think I'm moping in this sub?
Another thing to add: Tobey learned to use all his powers a few weeks into the job. Holland's Spider-Man doesn't know how to use his powers 8 months into the job.
THE VAUNTED COVER 0 DEFENSE STRIKES AGAIN LMAO
I've only gotten honor roll in HS. feelsbadman. I probably should've attended some hackathons
pLay yOuR beSt Fo0tbaLl gOinG inT0 ~~NoVEMbEr~~ dEceMBeR
I'm just disappointed in the team because I know the talent is there for another astonishing run but the execution is just pathetic so it's frustrating.
i got baited into thinking you did the UI design for their current website for a second
And then you see later on Snapchat they all hung out together but no one invited you
lex is probably gonna replace adren on the roster and hazed will probably igl
Top 3 Kendrick track all time One of my favorite beats of all time as well
Onleaks is such a drama queen
How well do these hold up as beaters?
I'd probably cut myself trying to recreate the inspect animation
&gt; Just the nerds online. Well that's who's buying Google's phones.
That's who they're advertising to but they're not really capturing that market
Did they change the Stark suit? The blues look much darker. Looks nicer
That's in the 3rd pic.
Just when I thought Ghost's roster was stagnating. Hope this move works out for them
One of my favorite beats from this year. Shit's so smooth
This idea that Tony Stark is Peter's dad needs to die
I see no problem here
Gonna flex seal my mouth and nose holes
Spider-Man 1's ending perfectly embodies what Spider-Man is all about I love that movie.
It also might be because Amazon and Google don't like each other. I'm pretty sure you can't use Amazon Prime services on Google Home and YouTube doesn't work on Alexa and their Fire stick products
Promod movement &gt; all other competitive fps movement I wish IW would pull their heads out of their asses and we'd get another competitive Promod style CoD for PC
That's unfortunate I hope they look into altering it
I'd like to but I gotta find a way to grind for 6-10 hours a day without abandoning my real life responsibilities which is almost impossible
Flash being a jock is the whole point of the character. It's his whole arc of how he goes from asshole jock bully to guy who joined the Army to rectify his ways and becomes a friend of Peter Parker.
Stings doesn't it /r/SpidermanPS4
Sony plays no part in production that's all Marvel
That was only for the homemade suit the Stark suit CGI was done by another company.
Imagine if all the Avengers are defeated by Thanos in Endgame and then it cuts to this scene: https://youtu.be/evhAnLfHNkE?t=110
memes are hissy fits now?
The Maguire Attire
I'd love a Batman film directed by Denis Villeneuve (director of Sicario) the way he sets up his shots and builds tension would be perfect for Batman. Hell if he got his shot at Batman we'd have a good chance of getting a TDK tier Batman movie.
OH MY GOD IM BYING THUS SHIT
It's just like the movies. This is my Spider-Man 4
I hope the people who spammed /r/raimimemes with hate and gay/scat porn are also apologizing .
It would've been beautiful we could've seen a live action Mayday Parker in Phase 4 and adaptation of Kraven's Last Hunt
You can't even see the webbing on the Stark suit from a distance that alone makes me like the Raimi suit better
Voodoo by D’Angelo
Just want to clear something up wasn't Kanye on his meds when he made his most famous albums? Why does he think getting off of them now will make him more creative?
Self Care or Sirens
yOu gOtTA SeE ThIS
Lookin good Spidey!
&gt;3D Touch is essential It's not like they care if something is essential
Kevin’s Heart
Still wish there was a full version instead of an interlude.
how do i ban someone from twitter forever
ekali doing god's work
&gt;Axe Degenerates like you belong on a cross
At worst it will be terribly mediocre (ex Antman and the sequel). Feige won’t let it be panned by critics
Well I just got shat on GG
If you bring a child into this world and are not capable of nurturing it (food, shelter, education, etc) you are among the lowest of the scumbags on this Earth
happy holidays bro
This guy's pretty insane in FPL (from what I've seen on streams) but I doubt that will mean much on LAN.
#youweird
/r/restofthefuckingowl
Saba - Symmetry I love the outro
I pray for some moody psychedelic shit or some smooth stuff inspired (or even produced) by Monte Booker
cheers from Pennsylvania
Most of the best Batman stories would not exist were he to be a killer.
Zellsis is a good dude but I don't know how he'll fare against T1 teams. Still nice to see C9 taking chances on new players.
When Kendrick says "X rated" on XXX. I thought he said "eggs raided"
blackbars to native also doesn't mess with muscle memory too much
Danger Zone + Panorama is basically an operation's worth of content and we got it all for free
Nas - The World Is Yours
Easily the left. You can actually see the webbing and the darker blues makes the red pop more and makes his muscles look more defined rather than flat like in the movies.
An instrumental for you all: [daniel hayn - colours](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gz126DfmAw8)
the HL2 explosion sounds so much more crisp
Gronk for 2nd string OT
a good amount of twitter likes Holland just because he's attractive
Check out Nick Spencer's ongoing ASM run. He does the character justice and his surrounding characters justice.
The story of 2010s hip hop is incomplete without Drake but personally I wouldn’t say any of his albums are certified classics
I’d do almost anything for a live action adaption of MC2
Is it possible to learn this power?
How dare you stand where he stood
CS is always better when Guardian and Kenny are popping off
Yeah but this time the Sammy Kitty isn't denying it
This but with the Crime Pays beat
What's the music equivalent of the movie "500 Days of Summer"?
The ending of TDK https://youtu.be/GDQob4AOCsQ A hero in every sense of the word
What do you think about when writer give Batman pseudo superpowers? For example in Grant Morrison’s run run Batman gets buried alive but he manages to bench press his way out of the coffin. I heavily dislike it when writers portray him like that but it seems that’s what the character is at this point.
MVP of SB53
In 500 Days of Summer the whole expectation vs reality scene
Batman Noel
Highly recommend y'all check out Good Time to see Pattinson's tremendous acting skills
Rick Ross sounds so damn good on BIRDZ
iCloud user music uploads isn’t getting nixed right?
BvS beat out Mask of the Phantasm in some contest hosted on this sub so it’s nothing out of the ordinary
I remember reading an article a while back that WB tried to sign Cavill back on for more movies and if he did sign the deal he would've cameo'd in Shazam at the end but his agent asked for too much money so he's out now. They even tried to get James Gunn for a Superman movie but he declined the offer.
Earl Sweatshirt - Solace play that shit on repeat it's my goto
Daily Routine by Joey makes me so nostalgic
Tony Stark pretty much replaced Uncle Ben and Spider-Man is now just a knock-off Iron Man
Ok I've been holding this hot take back for a while but I feel if Knxwledge would work with more rappers and stop being a diva he'd probably be the best producer in the game.
Superman movie directed by Sam Raimi
Why the Seahawk's shouldn't have run the ball as told by Matt Patricia: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-6QDzQgihQ
Goddamn Patty Jenkins turning the visuals up to 11
I see more people whining at the whiners than the whiners themselves
Check out Tomasi’s New 52 Batman and Robin run. It’s a really human and wholesome take on Bruce Wayne and Damian Wayne
I still giggle like a moron when I realize Push got Drake to address the black community as "African American"
Hud Dreems
I don’t really care. I’m a fan of the character not the actor. If we can get a good Superman movie without Cavill I’m fine with it.
After he backed out of the Push beef I can’t take his tough guy persona seriously at all.
This shit better have a beat as grimy as the I Serve the Base beat
Flash
I think it's the spirit/soul of Mayday/Annie Parker.
I’m glad I copied his sens now
Here OP, take this shield for all the shit people are gonna try to sling at you for this. This is pretty funny tho
“You have to save Steve” WHY DID YOU SAY THAT NAME
What is this utter nonsense
Yep. I was depressed and playing Arma 2 on my craptop
I must say no
Superman isn’t supposed to be above us humans or our problems at all he is one among us. Superman is not a grudgingly burdened, tormented god trapped among us undeserving humans nor is he a puppet for the all American spirit. Superman isn’t a Christ figure he wasn’t sent to Earth with some higher purpose he chose to become Superman because he believes his fellow humans are worth it. I’m gonna quote Grant Morrison here: “We've deconstructed all our icons. We know politicians are lying assholes, we know soap stars are coke freaks, handsome actors are tranny weirdos and gorgeous supermodels are bulimic, neurotic wretches. We know our favorite comedians will turn out to be alcoholic perverts or suicidal depressives. Our reality shows have held up a scalding mirror to our yapping baboon faces and cheesy, obvious obsessions, our trashy, gossipy love of trivia and dirt... So we chose not to deconstruct the superhero but to take him at face value, as a fiction that was trying to tell us something wonderful about ourselves. Somewhere, in our darkest night, we made up the story of a man who will never let us down and that seemed worth investigating.“
I see. My only concern with this it might appear to AOs that you just played a lot of video games. If you do include it try to elaborate on what experiences you gained from CS and sugar coat it instead of saying you got to SMFC say you’re among the top 1% of CSGO players.
That footwork at the top of the route tho. Perfection
https://i.imgur.com/JIZDMqe.jpg And then this when Batman returns to the present day
Or rehash the Waynes getting shot again.
So much nostalgia &lt;3
That's unfortunate I really wanted Alexandre Desplat. Just listen to this track: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SryP7CQqP4s
Is it cringe if I post a "track of the week" on my IG story every week or nah? I've posted Crime Pays and this track: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_xl4yubX9c so far
True. Maybe I'll snag the GOTY edition when that comes out
Ben left on his own because BvS was a laughing stock of the industry and his personal project also failed and he relapsed. He felt his own personal health was more important than Batman so he left. JK Simmons and Joe Manganiello left because they don’t fit Reeves’ vision.
He looks kinda like Fredo Corleone in this manip
Rylance and Pattinson even worked together in "Waiting for the Barbarians". Filming was done in 2018 but it comes out in 2020 A great scene to show his acting ability: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIiTmLGteSc one more scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRSIPvuYwOY
Gimme the original double disc I Am... (pre-leak). Pls Nas
I’m in the minority but I don’t mind a black suit because it’ll mean we can get a full silhouette without lighting tricks kinda like in TAS
this is an old ass post but whatever. check out masked man on youtube some beats of his that I like: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXCBC8Ky9mc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl1uz0Xza9c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg9EZSnSzbw also check out dibia$e some beats: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vabs3swzFxU (i love the vocal sample on this one) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhudl4ipcSY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEV01zOFVaQ also tom misch. this guy is incredibly talented just look at his rhythm roulette: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y0FsLaEiPY
Context on the bathroom stuff?
This kills the Bruce Wayne screen time
I doubt it. The game seems way too story based to give players options like that
**DISBAND**
"I would like for you to record your command." *furiously slaps book out his hand*
You can really see Donner’s influence on his TDK trilogy. Yes the trilogy was gritty/dark and shyed away from comic aesthetics but the way Batman was a symbol of hope for an entire city and the way Batman never lost his faith in the good of man really reminded me of Donner’s Superman
They are but him being a symbol of hope is ignored by many writers for some reason.
Man I still get goosebumps when I hear the opening to that theme
Realistically what would be nice: ~~Apple style haptic sensor (LRA over ERM)~~ ToF sensor on front and back cameras to make portrait mode more accurate High quality video audio mic (or at least no hardware flaw that will hinder audio) 4k mAh battery on the XL variant Wide angle secondary camera
You can be a symbol of hope without being idolized. Batman in the trilogy wasn’t looked up to like Superman but he essentially made the citizens feel a little safer because they had someone like the Batman watching over them and their city. For the first time after almost 3 decades of high crime rates and corruption they have a protector which is why he his a hopeful figure despite his usage of fear.
good maybe they’ll attempt to unfuck the roster or disband
Nice to see Mndsgn getting some attention on this sub edit: this tape is incredible
Bale’s voice in Begins was incredible. I even read comics with that voice for Batman in my head sometimes
Start spamming essay ideas for the first month. Second month start making drafts. And first month of school try to get the drafts edited/read by as many people as possible (unless the essay is too personal).
Man I’m fiending for some new Kendrick rn
The Mattson 2 - Paradise SimCity 4 OST
[Vanilla - Azure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B02cxaB-XOk) [Pivot Gang - Colbert](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfePuh4kOvc)
Alex Ross just posted #Spiderman4 on twitter I’m losing it rn
He deleted it :(
He deleted it now :(
It wasn’t the speed it was the quality. MoS and BvS failed to make general audiences invested in the two most popular superheroes ever. If these two films were received well they would’ve been set for the next decade or so.
Exactly. Spider-Man isn’t about a kid being a superhero it’s about a kid forced to become a man because he’s a superhero
I’d love for Nolan to do a Green Lantern movie about a universe spanning adventure where the Green Lantern Corp are space cops going after a suspect in a whodunnit type movie. Think of Grant Morrison’s ongoing GL run but live action
-RUSH +wardell
I miss the early 2010s electro sound. Do you guys know any artists with that kind of sound today?
This is an unpopular pick but I feel Marc Webb would nail a Superman movie. He has a strong grasp on extravagant visuals (see TASM2) and he is amazing at creating stories that connect to the audience (see 500 Days of Summer). Yes his TASM movies ranged from mediocre to just bad but that I feel was largely due to Sony’s incessant meddling rather than Webb’s abilities.
What ever it might be it needs to be higher
Sal Buscema
1.) Batman Begins 2.) TDKR 3.) MOS 4.) TDK 5.) BvS
This track hits hard at 1 AM thinking about what I fucked up at and how lonely things are
At my school the ultra rich only hung out with the ultra rich
Style 1 crosshairs now render differently so they look significantly different compared to Scaleform
Sony did say they wanted one Avenger in FFH. Strange might be it.
I'm almost 3 weeks removed from graduating and I still don't know how I should feel. Quite frankly high school was a terrible experience for me. I felt outcasted, depressed, and felt like everyone treated me like an outsider or tried to patronize me only one or two people felt like they were truly honest to me. With all this I still feel this nagging sense of emptiness. I find it hard to process that I will never see 99.99% of these people ever again. I find it hard to process that this fall everyone won't go cram themselves back at the same school and repeat the same slog. I'm free. Everyone's free to do whatever they want. And it just feels so strange.
I remember Sweet Escape and We Are Young as well for some reason
Blood and Broken Bones and Death March for boss fights
I think he might be trying to contain that there is no multiverse (at least in FFH)
Man that’s straight up sad.
So I just picked up Newton’s Principia on a whim from my local library. What’s the best way to understand the text and is there any precursor knowledge I should have before I dive in?
Superman Returns for me as well.
lead holders &gt;&gt;&gt;
James Acheson
It’s literally the core of the character. If he reveals his identity he ceases to be Spider-Man
Not to mention both Spider-Man and Black Panther rarely do any acting while wearing their masks. Both of them take off their masks as soon as possible.
Grant Morrison said it best: "In the end, I saw Superman not as a superhero or even a science fiction character, but as a story of Everyman. We’re all Superman in our own adventures. We have our own Fortresses of Solitude we retreat to, with our own special collections of valued stuff, our own super–pets, our own “Bottle Cities” that we feel guilty for neglecting. We have our own peers and rivals and bizarre emotional or moral tangles to deal with. I felt I’d really grasped the concept when I saw him as Everyman, or rather as the dreamself of Everyman. That “S” is the radiant emblem of divinity we reveal when we rip off our stuffy shirts, our social masks, our neuroses, our constructed selves, and become who we truly are. Batman is obviously much cooler, but that’s because he’s a very energetic and adolescent fantasy character: a handsome billionaire playboy in black leather with a butler at this beck and call, better cars and gadgetry than James Bond, a horde of fetish femme fatales baying around his heels and no boss. That guy’s Superman day and night. Superman grew up baling hay on a farm. He goes to work, for a boss, in an office. He pines after a hard–working gal. Only when he tears off his shirt does that heroic, ideal inner self come to life. That’s actually a much more adult fantasy than the one Batman’s peddling but it also makes Superman a little harder to sell. He’s much more of a working class superhero. American writers often say they find it difficult to write Superman. They say he’s too powerful; you can’t give him problems. But Superman is a metaphor. For me, Superman has the same problems we do, but on a Paul Bunyan scale. If Superman walks the dog, he walks it around the asteroid belt because it can fly in space. When Superman’s relatives visit, they come from the 31st century and bring some hellish monster conqueror from the future. But it’s still a story about your relatives visiting." We need a writer/director who understands these things and then maybe Supes will be back in the mainstream.
Snyder was in charge for MoS and BvS. He repeatedly failed to get the general audience invested in his versions of Batman and Superman so WB had to chop up JL and reboot.
Nolan's trilogy was many things but his hero never lost hope or gave up on society unlike pretty much every hero in the DCEU
Who still makes music like that old 2012/2013 style of electro house. some tracks that show what I mean: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2zOw3Fsy3U https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMfyjbgVh64 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wevh2d7nTUY
Pattinson’s absurdly square jaw make him kinda resemble Jim Lee’s Bruce Wayne imo
But that's how he's supposed to be why would they hate it. Reducing Bruce Wayne down to solely Batman and playboy Bruce is incredibly reductive to a very complex character
Looks like botox + good diet and fitness + a whole team of experts specifically for making sure you look young + photoshop
That's just not true. /u/flybytiedye had a great write-up over at /r/batman I'm gonna paste here because it explains why Bruce Wayne is not the mask so eloquently: https://www.reddit.com/r/batman/comments/7mttw2/a_counterpoint_to_the_bruce_is_the_mask_batman_is/
"I bought the bank"
Great discussion
Did you even read the post I linked? You've cited zero evidence and brought up no counterpoints. I sourced the random guy because I'm not gonna waste my time clunkily rephrasing the same exact things the guy said in his post.
Gimme that Sam Raimi Evil Dead camera movement
My dad got me a DC subscription out of the blue. The first comics I received were Grant Morrison's Batman &amp; Robin run. Imagine how confused 10 year old me must've been. Also I got Action Comics but this was when Superman was gone from the series for a bit. The first issue I read of that was one Gorilla Grodd and his robot Gorillas were harvesting brains I think. A little later Lex Luthor fell out of a helicopter I think and he fell to his death. Now imagine my shock when I realized Action Comics was a Superman title when I got Action Comics #800. Then one day the comics stopped coming even though I'd asked several times for it to be renewed so I went on like a 8 year hiatus. Now I'm back to reading comics and I'm having a blast.
Imo the Telltale series nailed Gotham City: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/no3Jo https://www.artstation.com/artwork/AgEgN I hope Reeves goes for something similar maybe even with a slight touch of cyberpunk
I was kinda hoping he did just to see how everyone would react (again) and how they win after that.
Damn shame G2 isn't there. With Kenny and Shox reaching some really good form I would've liked to see how they perform especially if this might be the last time they hit form like this.
The fuck you mean just use hair gel
It was great especially with how it was built up. I don't get how Cavill not being there invalidates Superman. Superman is far bigger than one actor
I feel this movie could’ve been great if they didn’t constrain themselves to Reeves’ shadow
Superman is not space Jesus. Nix the obvious t-posing, less monologuing about being sent for a reason Superman should be sent to Earth our of desperation not some higher purpose. Jor-El exposition dumps need to be cut down or removed. It’s just lazy imo. Superman needs more human connections than his mom and Lois. It’s almost creepy. Being Kryptonian doesn’t make you anti-social or mute. Superman’s inability to connect with humans suggests he shouldn’t be Superman in the first place. He barely talks to any civilians he just stares at them like he realized he left the oven on at his house. No wonder they don’t trust him. He blows up their cities and makes no attempt to connect with them. Pa Kent needs to have died saving the bully rather than a dog. I for one didn’t mind the scene because it played into the themes of the movie well. Superman snapping Zod’s neck needs to be set up better. Up until the snap Superman shows little to no concern for human casualties and then all of a sudden he feels compelled to kill his last link to Krypton. Superman never once tried to appeal to Zod about humanity. He just has that weird dream where he screams no at Zod for two minutes. Add some goddamn color. Also some of the camera work felt really clausterphobic. I still don’t know how The Daily Planet is layed out. I feel I saw one cubicle and an office there’s no sense of scale. It doesn’t feel alive. Superman gets over blowing up Metropolis and killing Zod sooo quickly it’s unsettling. We don’t see him as a part of the rebuild process nor does he feel any grief or regret apart from that one blood curdling scream. Like in the immediate aftermath he should go into a panic induced frenzy to find and help survivors. He should feel responsible for the ~5000 people who died on that day. I’d much prefer for him to have been assisting the rebuilding and recovery of that day. Instead we get him cracking jokes and acting like nothing even ever happened.
Read New 52 Batman and Robin
I love it when MitiS does tracks without vocals in them.
Cavill still wore a muscle suit though. I think the problem with the Shazam suit is that the shoulders are too high up and Zachary Levi’s posture is strange as Shazam
What he said makes sense. IIRC HL3 was canceled becasue they couldn't get to the technical fidelity they needed and the game lacked genre defining innovation
By schedule I meant things like how you structure a day if you have a test in a week or an obscene amount of homework etc. I should've clarified that. Basically I just want to know what kind of work ethic/habits result in a high GPA.
I like the continuity in Marvel a little better. For example I can start reading Spider-Man from the first ever issue of ASM all the way to the present. Whereas with DC it’s a bit harder because most of their characters don’t resemble their first appearances (ex: Batman carried guns and for Superman Krypton, Ma and Pa Kent did not exist)
What changes does it have compared to the streaming version?
What app(s) y'all think Madlib used to produce Bandana on his iPad?
This or the Year One animation style would be perfect
YOU CANT BAN MATH FFS
I felt the Arkham Knight’s suit looked more like a Batman Beyond suit than the playable Beyond suit.
This is the same show that said it’s the man behind the mask that counts. I honestly hate how they parade around the old argument that “Bruce Wayne is the mask” It’s been refuted to so many times by comic book writers. Hell, Dini himself refutes it here: https://youtu.be/heUnljdse5Q
Haha I went through all of high school without experiencing this. I wanna die^^^^haha
No it’s called “Batman and Robin” by Peter Tomasi and Patrick Gleason. I personally rank it above Snyder’s New 52 Batman
Spider-Man without a secret identity is not Spider-Man
He’s always been my first pick as a realistic choice (Sam Raimi still remains the pipe dream).
The epilogue I wanted at the end of Blood and Wine
is this the reckoning papa johns was talking about
Gregory Peck has to be Batman. David Mazzuchelli modeled his Bruce Wayne after Peck.
Their 6 month marketing is so garbage Joker was the first rated R movie to make a billion dollars
Will you direct another picture again? Your style is greatly missed
Just give him a hairpiece at this point
The most frustrating part about Everybody is how nice the production was.
Telltale's Batmobile is probably my favorite from any medium: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/batman/images/5/5c/Batmobile_%28Telltale%29.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20170807153538
That mix has a better core than ATK anyways
Best one I’ve seen imo
He was asking a rhetorical question I think
Does it even matter at this point? Both of them will run the same games (apart from exclusives) at a playable framerate.
I think I’d start crying in theaters like Kevin Smith if I saw Batman dig himself out of his own grave or see him initiate Zurr-En-Arrh
swiss fuckin cheese. step it up D
Good luck and make sure you draw good diagrams for each problem :P
Hope we get D7 this year
Yes he did that previous years too.
You gotta add Troy Brown as well
Don’t forget Gotham’s infrastructure is also dogshit. I think Reeves is making something time period ambiguous so he can pull from every decade of Batman’s history
Lowkey wanna see how Jeff Bridges would’ve played Thanos
oh god oh fuck please come back bbg
Supposedly everything that leaked yesterday and today was just second unit shooting and the main celebrity cast was at another location
that zillakami feature yeesh
Beef up the running game and defense and find someone to manage the game and eventually groom into competence (easier said than done though).
In another world I would've loved to see young Robert Duvall play Lex.
This is probably what Batman is like in the Phillipsverse
I just want one last Em track of him rapping at this level
is this the prequel to uncut gems
H O R S E S H O E
Where can we freeze this man’s feet
He does this thing called padding. &gt; Padding” refers to the process of watching all-22 game film and transferring onto paper (or a notepad) exactly what is happening on each play. This means charting the alignment of the 22 players on the field as well as plotting their individual assignments for each snap. The devil is in the details, and as Lombardi notes, “[Belichick] wants to know, for example, if there is a variation of even a couple of inches in the offensive line’s splits…” Source (worth reading the whole thing): https://insider.afca.com/the-power-of-padding-how-it-helped-create-the-patriots-dynasty/
I’m kinda afraid Jerruh will try to can the CoL project if they don’t start playing like a T1 team within the next year
I think it'll be sometime this month or we'll have to wait for the first poster. IIRC for BvS we never saw leaked photos of the Batsuit on set so I'd expect the same trend to continue for this movie.
Shaun Dooley
This is exactly what BB does lmao
I think he'll be back. Yes the WRs around him were crap but it's just plain false to say the Patriots didn't try to surround him with talent. If AB wasn't a whackjob and JG didn't relapse we would've had a really good WR core. I think they need to target a good TE (Hooper) and a bonafide X reciever who can make the playbook more vertical (doesn't have to be elite just needs to be competent).
I have feeling he'll get on juice again and tank the 4 game suspension. I'd rather be out for 4 games and then play well than play all 16 but feel like I'm dying after every game.
2014 was such a great year. I miss it
Gronk also got injured like hell :(
It's good stress relief. Whenever I feel stressed by schoolwork I turn on the videos and it feels like I'm chilling with friends
IIRC there were no set leaks of Batfleck in his suit during BvS' production so maybe something similar will happen with Pattinson. The Batsuit may as well not be revealed till the first poster.
Everyone pretty much gets to do what they want atm. Connecting the universe I think hinges on three things: 1. A good pitch from a good director 2. Pattinson’s Batman is a mass success like the Nolan trilogy 3. Superman gets rebooted or Cavill gets his movie and either project does well. They can worry about continuity later. It only takes a Flashpoint movie where Flash changes a few things in the past which in turn causes the DCEU to morph into it’s new state. The movie itself doesn’t have to explain the changes those can just be retroactively explained later. Not to mention Shazam will crossover with Black Adam eventually so there is still a shared universe but at the moment it’s bound to a specific character’s world.
I saw a rumor that the core cast of Batman signed contracts for sequels and team up movies so it is a possibility. Also Pattinson was in talks to join the MCU a while back and that requires a lot of dedication to the franchise
Thank fuck I thought I spoiled the movie for myself on purpose
&gt; My prediction: Yeezus drops on the 18th. On the 21st, the second half of the album drops: Yeezus Rises. ~~YEEZUS~~DAMNNATION
We never saw those for BvS. I’m betting something similar happens again for this movie
What a throw
I feel that's true for the vast majority of quarterbacks. Pretty much only Brady has had consistent success when throwing 40+ times a game.
I agree with keeping McDaniels and bringing back O'Shea. I don't want any radical changes this late into Brady's career. He has one or two years left before his play actively hinders the team imo. Lets make the most of them by putting him in the ideal position to succeed.
2014 for sure. The movement is so smooth and buttery in that game.
God I wish I could find something that I'm as passionate about as Tom Brady is for football.
All the people who got into T20s at my school were the people who fretted over getting 4.0s and 1600s. This whole "they want a well rounded person" has been more or less BS from what I've experienced. All those people had all the flashy stats and ECs AND they had competent social lives on top. Pretty much everyone at my school who had a 3.8+ (unweighted) and high test scores plus one good EC got into a top tier UC.
Juggernot Hueheuheuehuehue
Edelman played through an AC joint seperation, rib injury, and knee injury which were apparently serious enough to end most people’s seasons. Pretty courageous to me
Russ got let down by his defense SO hard oof
Not for us but the talking heads will go ham until Brady bitch slaps the entire AFC again next year
Can you just post the actual fan art to /r/dc_cinematic cause this looks dope
Y’all remember Supreme Commander? Good times
I wish my profs gave me that much info about the semester
I get a syllabus but I don't know about assignments or quizzes from the first day. Most of them just warn the class about them a week before they're due. So basically even if I'd like to I can't plan out my weeks in advance for that peace of mind.
CGI skyscrapers will be added in post production I think as Glasgow isn't nearly as vertical as Gotham
I’d like it to but I think Mushyeti is just pulling the emotional conflict from it. What I think it can do is have Barry change a few things in the past with no immediate effect but by the time the next JL movie rolls around the different cast can be justified by those changes
That’s like 99% of fan art
I'm a CC student trying to enroll via cross enrollment can I still join?
Y’know it’d be cool af if a troubled young Bruce goes to Leslie Thompkins for comfort after his parents death. Also imagine if it opens with Alfred narrating (I’m rough at dialogue so bear with me) : “That night few tears were shed, but there was a vow” and then you’d cut to young Bruce taking his vow against the evil that took his parents from him. Comic panel that shows what I want kinda: https://i.imgur.com/f18l00B.jpg
woohoo
I disagree about Hoechlin being an “old school take” that’s Routh’s take. Hoechlin reminds me of Grant Morrison’s Superman tbh
It’s just an instinct at this point haha
Stole Bruce’s idea smh
"I know I am fighting a war I can never completely win. But there are small victories that encourage me to keep trying. If I can win back one child, there may be hope for many others. If it starts with one person, and then a neighborhood, then perhaps redemption can spread through an entire city, and finally back to me." - Batman: War on Crime by Paul Dini This book is probably my favorite Batman comic of all time.
When she says her parents aren’t home
I’m praying he brought back the pre hiatus flow and delivery for this one
god DAYUM I’m already liking 2020 more than 2019
Honestly I just want to see him in Routh's new suit but with the right colors and regular symbol.
This is probably a good representation of what a Witcher actually looks like lol
Pretty much every superhero in the DCEU thus far has had them. Cavill's muscle suit from MOS looked pretty good imo.
Well he’s the ideological response to the impossible. Grant Morrison in his book Supergods said something along the lines of this: His parents were anti nuclear and he grew up in the prime of the Cold War terrified nuclear annihilation was on the horizon. That kid grew up terrified of those horrdenous bombs. Superman represented an ideological stand against those horrible machinations. The idea of Superman is far bigger than those bombs. He could take a casual wade in the surface of the Sun and not bat an eye. A nuclear bomb is child’s play to him. In our darkest times we can turn to this made up man who will never let us down.
I'm still very partial to Datrinti's design: https://i.redd.it/lc7jsl3a48541.jpg Whatever the next suit looks like I hope they'll ditch the armor plates.
Bruh I saw some delusional stans putting Revival over TES. Still boggles me to this day
It fits him so well. I hope we’ll get a suit like this soon
It’s probably not styled though. Remember how his hair looked irl vs the first Tenet trailer?
Batman didn’t die though. Sure Bruce isn’t suiting up anymore but the idea of Batman and what he stands for will always be prevalent in Gotham because of what he did during the trilogy
Absolutely the mainstream needs to learn Batman believes in redemption just as much as he believes in vengeance
Yeah we’ll probably see lots of full sleeve clothing and a muscle suit in the Batsuit and no shirtless scene. I wish Reeves did the casting earlier I think the timeline for casting then shooting was way too rushed.
I mean David still had hella fun even during the beginning when he'd get like a 1000 views per video.
Routh's KC Superman suit, Aquaman's classic suit, Joker in TDK, Chris Reeve's Superman suit, Wonder Woman's suit, Grant Gustin's latest Flash suit, and the Kryptonian armor (w/ the helmet) Zod and co wore before getting used to the atmosphere
Mr Big Coupons
Routh has a muscle suit for his suit and Hoechlin isn’t as skinny as the suit makes him appear.
Only if the beat isn’t good
Or he knew from film study that a certain DB holds on out routes especially against TEs
I hope he’s bringin his D6/D6R energy on this one
see y’all on the other side
thanks I'll watch the webcasts
cool thanks
Yeah I plan on attending for some harder topics like environment diagrams and recursion but it’s nice to know I don’t have to sit in BART for above an hour every weekday.
Probably joining reddit. Nothing of major consequence has happened thus far so that’s my pick. My productivity has never been the same since I joined. There’s definitely helpful resources on here but overall it’s just been massive waste of the time I should’ve spent studying in high school.
Animal Man based on Morrison's run
Dang this mod's come a long way. I remember getting excited because they added ACOG sights to the mod.
Batman RIP: https://i.imgur.com/VHsleB9.jpg http://images.sequart.org/images/Literal-Batman.jpg Final Crisis: https://i.redd.it/sd6yvg0vsb131.jpg https://townsquare.media/site/622/files/2010/03/batmankillsdarkseida.jpg Return of Bruce Wayne: https://i.redd.it/flly32cgnn821.jpg
Because then people would've whined "but he's nothing like Dick Grayson"
Still doesn’t feel real. It just doesn’t make sense to me
It didn't leak for BvS even after the reveal. I think we'll be good
Let him create his own Batvoice. You don’t hire some as talented as Pattinson and then not let him make the role his own. He even stated that creating new voices for every character he plays helps him immerse himself with the role.
One of these times I wish a team would record all their tactics, pracs, etc and then wait till the team disbands or enough time has passed where everything in the video is irrelevant and then just spill the beans. I wanna know what goes in to theorycrafting strats for top teams like Astralis and in general how much their comms and teamplay differ from your average pug. We know of course that their approach is much better than everyone but most of us don't know the details about their approach.
Shame we haven’t had a major grand final that’s as good as this one since
There is an idea of an EECS student; some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me: only an entity, something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable... I simply am not there
Oh shit imagine if he announces he’s staying in the commercial
I don’t know what class it’s for but Superman should win 99.999999% of the time but we always write with a David vs Goliath complex. And for the most part people like to revel in the fact that a human might be able to stand against a god. So basically Superman should win but Batman has plot armor and bias on his side
Yes they look like superheroes in every sense of the word
I mean David still made videos before the money and they're really entertaining imo
They should let him tbh
Yeah I can’t really care for most of his output nowadays cause so much of it sounds like he’s screaming or just talking really loud. Post hiatus only stuff like Beautiful, Careful What You Wish For, The Warning, and Groundhog Day have stuck with me
I really hope he isn’t retiring from western comics after his GL run. Comics need to be weird and Grant Morrison leads the charge
Good stuff man. I hope he has a beard at some point in the movie
Mf looks like a mutated iguana lmao
Nice job I hope they make an official poster like this too.
Imagine not giving a Superman run to the man handpicked by Grant Morrison to do back ups for his Action Comics run
I want Zurr-En-Arrh. I feel like I might end up waiting for a reboot before that happens and it’s a shame because Robert Pattinson would totally be into the weirdness of Morrison’s Batman run.
Electronic does this too
I think tariks been on the same settings since he first became a CSGO pro. Kinda insane how he hasn’t changed in anything in that long
He’s the best one if you count Superman 2,3,4 as part of Chris Reeve’s Superman. I find most of his critiques very superficial
4C/4T people are gonna have a really bad time. The rest should be ok for now. Although 8C will become the standard soon. Even if the hardware is here the software takes a bit to make the most of it outside of a few select games.
The awptimatic experiment needs to stop
If it’s not at a theater I don’t feel like watching most movies.
That book has all the ideas and setups that BvS wanted but instead they had to go with a Frank Miller story yet again. It would’ve made perfect sense for Superman to become a government stooge after MOS as well.
You have to preaim the spawns
He's the best one. I love Christopher Reeve but the writing of his Superman got messed up after the 1978 movie (even that movie had some weird spots but I overlook them because of Reeve's strong performance).
Is this the new Astralis buff?
One of my favorite movies ever. Masterpiece
the boys are back?
cursed
godspeed vs navi coL
Wow this is awesome be sure to update it when new DC movies/tv shows come out
That 2014 comeback after week 4 is one of the most inspirational things I've ever seen. magical
aight imma head out
Why are they playing Vertigo ffs
That's what they should've been doing since stew took over IGLing instead of trying to "surprise" people by picking mirage.
the kennyS sticker gives him power
not live btw ^^^goddammit ^^^eg
He knew he'd whiff the spray so he started tapping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plQIf5fS8xw
This is the ideal Gotham for me. It’s like if The Strip was combined with Hollywood and made the size of Manhattan and then you add in an exaggerated version of the 80s NYC crime rate. You’d also have separate more toned down boroughs like NYC but the Manhattan equivalent is where Batman spends most of his time.
Kinda ironic they're advertising a feature film heavily inspired by Max Landis' work after what's come out this past week.
I don't mind keeping Cavill and Amy Adams but I really don't want to keep Eisenberg's Lex around. I'd prefer if they did a reboot because the next director who will attempt to make a Superman movie deserves a clean slate if they're going to be bombarded by hate/skepticism from Reeve and MOS purists.
I like how leaf “cheated” in a BO3 but still only went +6 lol
If only Schumacher got to make Forever the way he wanted to. If he did it’s basically a movie version of Batman Ego. Hell even before Forever was made Schumacher wanted to do a faithful adaptation of Year One.
So what you're saying is they're eliminated.
6 Super Bowls no doubt otherwise Brady's last few years as a Patriot would've been spent losing a bunch in the playoffs. Also the 2014 bounce back after getting blown out by the Chiefs is one of my most favorite football memories.
Shoutout to EG for the vertigo demos
Hell yeah. If we get like 70-80% of his MVP year it would be huge.
Gonna use this thread to ask: oBo's back in NA so is the rest of coL also back in Dallas?
Damn RIP team prac
ok but did u cetch all those rhyme schemes
