Hot tub jets
We love and respect each other. I’ll go to church when I visit home because I love my parents. But I don’t take communion. It makes my Dad a little sad I think. But if they want to pray for me it does zero harm.
When you have other fat people in orbit around you. When you go to a fair and kids start jumping up and down excitedly asking their parents to go on the bouncy castle.
It depends on the individual. My mom had fast, relatively easy labours. She always claimed a toothache hurt more. My cousin, however, broke her tailbone during labour. She’s not having any more kids!
Ewww
Salsa and ground beef! A student staple of mine!
I didn’t want to make a resolution. Didn’t want the pressure. But decided I’d like to be happier in 2018. Then spent the afternoon crying because in my slightly hungover state, the fact that I have to go back to work tomorrow after a 2 week break seems extremely tragic. My job is not fun this year. Already failed.
🤗🤗🤗
KFC. No regrets.
Food. Flavour pairings. Recipe ideas. Either that or work. Or if I’m alone *and* lonely, fantasies about having children. (Not the labour! Just having a little human to take care of and add purpose to my life!)
TIA, K’Naan. The whole Troubadour album, tbh.
Me.
Tabasco sauce and parmesan.
I get panic attacks. And one of the symptoms is a tightness around my neck/ choking feeling. Catch 22 - Turtle necks now evoke panic attacks.
Burning man is not really real life though. Normal social rules don’t apply.
I’m kinda chilled and laid back and never desire to be the centre of attention. I find loud and over the top ‘look at me’ ‘listen to me’ star complex people really hard to handle.
There’s a time and a place for fuck and shit. My parents didn’t encourage their use, but nor did they shelter us from them. And I turned out to be a fucking decent human being.
When I catch myself doing it I tell myself to shut the fuck up. Or if I’m not feeling sweary- then ‘stawp it!!!!’
Then we agree! 😊
What time did Sean Connery go to Wimbledon. Tennish. 🎾
Genetics mainly. I exercise a little, not super into soda or junk food. But I eat what I want. KFC is my weakness. And I say high metabolism, but I’ve been told that’s not a thing.
Mmmm garlic cheese pizza.
I would have a new profession. I’m currently a teacher. Maybe... politician. I’d probably be rich. Maybe hated too. But I wouldn’t care.
Sometimes I think I’m depressed. Mostly I just think I’m lazy and too tired. Occasionally cant be bothered to do my dishes or cook real food (even if it’s in my fridge) or brush my teeth.
I get lost in my head a lot. Sometimes you need to talk to someone but nobody is there. Loneliness. But then again, I have friends that are married with kids who get lonely as often as I do. Good thing I love my own company.
An extra long hot shower. A mocha at my favourite cafe. A FaceTime with my family. A fresh mani pedi. An extra long cuddle with my friends baby son. Pretty much what I do every weekend. *you can keep your mom
Unless you live in SE Asia. I make WAY less than this and can’t possible spend it. Well- I could I suppose if I was crazy extravagant - but I don’t!!
Pho 🍲
Crop after you take. That simply can make a huge difference. Straighten it up, clean up the edges. Frame it well. Works wonders on my alt! 😉
Absolutely need? Nothing. And feeling so blessed. I have met some people recently that struggle to make ends meet. Not sure they’ll have enough food to eat. Surviving off one meal a day. Need to borrow for a roof over their head. I have never experienced that, and I never will. And I am so so grateful.
I’m certain my last words will be sorry. (For the blood, to those who have to witness it, for the problems it will cause, etc)
I was a peeler, not a biter. But... Got really into manicures and nail art.
I am a great cook and a master baker. I keep my friends very well fed with regular dinner parties.
Happy Cake Day. Volunteering. Just help provide people that need things with said things. Soup kitchens. Animal shelters. Orphanages. Super rewarding in a non monetary sense!
I wouldn’t be at all surprised if I got skin cancer. I burnt my pale skin all the time in my younger years.
I have skills that if harnessed, could make me moola. I just can’t be assed to harness them. I don’t really care about money. I annoy people that wish they had profitable skills to harness.
I grew up with The Italian Exit. You say goodbye at least 3 times. I feel guilty when I pull an Irish. But still manage to do it if I’ve been drinking. Politeness goes out the window in my desire to find my bed.
Blue Rodeo- Lost Together. Or Dark Angel.
A whole bunch of bugs, reptiles, birds and rodents all moving unpredictably.
Instant war memorials.
My own company. Silence.
There’s lots on /r/feet
Fried. Over easy, but just a few seconds on the second side so still quite yolky but no slime. Lots of fresh cracked pepper.
Easier said than done! But good advice if you can.
I’m dreading the next one. Might not go. Kids or marriage questions. I’ve been trying and failing with the former through IVF with donor sperm. It’s very raw and painful and I DONT want to talk about it. And I have no desire for the latter. *Happy cake day OP.
Baking and raising children. And traveling a lot!!
I’m still pretty flexible. I used to easily put my feet over my head. I still can. But now it hurts!
I’m not frugal or particularly responsible, but I’m also not massively extravagant either. And I can and do thrive here, and it doesn’t suck! I definitely don’t ‘live cheap.’ But I don’t live in Bangkok. Cities would be more draining on funds. Each to their own I guess. Agreed it’s awesome and interesting regardless of the *much cheaper cost of living.
Physically, I have a fairly nice body but my asymmetrical eyes and smile let me down in the traditional beauty sense. * 6/10 with face * 8/10 without
I think for me, it’s about people and connections rather than land or space. If you’ve just moved that’s not there yet. That’s why this doesn’t apply to every place you’ve had a holiday. You have to live somewhere, invest time there. Know people. Be immersed in day to day life. *If you’ve done that and it still doesn’t feel like home- then- maybe go home?
I’m originally Canadian, but I live in Vietnam. Canada will always be home. My family is there. My roots are there. It will always be a part of me. But Vietnam’s home too. I love both equally, and wherever I am I miss the other from time to time. And will for the rest of my life. I also lived in the uK. So that’s home too. Unlikely to live there again, but I’d be so excited to visit. One day the whole world will feel like home!!
I do! Thank you.
Wake yourself up! Starting now. Life is amazing!! Live it!
I am a sensitive person. I tear up a lot! Daily, I’d say. Not usually sad tears. Just... emotional. Happy, sad, touched, angry, frustrated, worried, homesick, sympathy tears. It’s all possible. But wait- maybe I have yet to cry today. still 2 hours before bed so anything’s possible!
Me too! 😂
🤗 Hug
I did this. Crushed. Told. ‘Dated.’ Didn’t work out but no regrets. Some fit fun good times. If you are single and someone is giving you attention and helping you better yourself, and being supportive, and stuff... it’s easy to develop feelings.
At first just pretty professional. Then as we got to know each other a bit flirty. I remember a moment. A look. And from then it changed. While we trained, and at the gym we didn’t do anything. But there was definitely chemistry and sexual tension. It was just released in private mostly! I did stop paying to train with him after. We just carried on training unofficially, and more casually.
But to the point where you don’t have a nice quality of life because you just can’t part with your cash? No thanks.
By definition - isn’t an addiction to anything pretty unhealthy. It’s something taken too far- at the expense of other things.
Mindfullness Meditation Drink lots of water
Bacon
Um- pretty regularly. As an introvert not seeing anyone for a day most weekends is not only common it’s wanted. It’s energizing.
My finances. I’m fine. I have a bit of a visa bill that I don’t always pay off in full. I’ll get there though. It’s completely manageable. But my parents would not be happy to know it.
I like to bake a lot. Cakes, cookies, bread, etc. I notice a sweet vanilla scent in my kitchen. Except that one time I left potatoes in a bowl and when I returned my house smelled god awful. Who knew how bad rotten potatoes smelt.
I came here to see what guys consider crazy. Can now confirm I’m not crazy. Phew.
There’s no way to do this with out it being a bit awkward. But just say no if you don’t want to. Add a sorry, if you want.
😊
😂
The turtle thing is more just- a dislike of the IDEA of it, rather than flavour. I was offered some turtle hotpot once at this special party. It would have been rude to decline. (It happened to not be very tasty either.) I more just don’t like the idea of eating turtle.
You aren’t stuck with a person you date if it’s not working. Not in my opinion at least. Have fun. Take some risks. You never know!
No need to say most. Better covers it. Better *for you*, for sure. There’s a time and a place for both.
Come on, it’s a *small* collection.
😉
Damn it. You’re on to me. 😂
Thank you. Crazy. Where have the years gone?
Thank you! 🍰
Yep. But a startling amount of people apparently don’t know that otherwise there wouldn’t be so many stories. Well done for being sane though!
To move in with a friend I was attracted to.
My alt
I was on holiday in Thailand. Tsunami happened. Kinda traumatic. Found comfort in sharing my bed with someone I likely wouldn’t have otherwise.
🥁 Ba dum chhhh
Thank you! 🍰
Meh. Really full. Expecting my tutoring kids soon. Don’t want to tutor. Haven’t done my dishes. Have cramps.
A loon cry echoing across a lake.
No. Quite alive random Thai man.
Very
Ok Go!
Practice Gratitude. Each small triumph or success, each happy moment, everything that makes you smile- all these little moments in your life and your reaction to them- determine your happiness. And happiness is where it’s at.
If you’re talking food... Nothings free! Ingredients have a cost!
Thank you! 👍🏻🍰
I live in the middle of no where in a foreign country where cultural differences are vast, and a language barrier exists, and both of those things make making connections really hard, and I require those connections. And I guess I’d rather be alone than settle! And that’s ok for me. I guess it’s not really a struggle if I’m happy being single, but it IS the reason why being single is better.
Turn bright red and feel sick.
I bought better food - but mainly just saved more, until I could afford a house.
Red wine, a steak, cheesecake, chocolate and around the world plane tickets.
One of my old work colleagues set up a go fund me page to get other people to pay back his loans for him. Fuckin ridiculous.
When I talk about responsibility with my young students I start with this saying... Be responsible for yourself, your things, your actions, your choices, and the environment. Help others when you can. Then we break it down... Yourself- hygiene, healthy eating, exercise Things- for kids this means a tidy desk, and school bag, taking notices home, doing homework, etc, for adults- maintenance/clean house, car, take care of children and relationships. Your actions/choices- be true to yourself, and be proud of what you believe in, own your decisions, say sorry when you make a mistake. The environment- don’t waste water, electricity, food, tidy your messes, don’t litter, etc. Help when you can- chores, service, volunteering, you’re responsible to share your strengths with those that don’t have them. *https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Teaching-Responsibility-Resource-Package-2709133
The IMO stands for in my opinion. Which is what it was. I have absolutely no problem with you (or anyone else) liking it.
Goals to work towards. Nobody’s perfect. ❤️
Bubble bath and jazz
I am extremely patient with young kids. They’re still learning. The older they get the less patient I am. Generally though, empathy. empathy and breathing. My own calmness means more to me than whatever other people do.
You don’t need to buy me things. I have my own money. I don’t mind the occasion treat, of course. Especially if it makes you feel nice to do it. But I won’t be won over by presents.
Children. I am a teacher and a roll model for young children, and one day I’ll be a mother. I need to set a good example, and be someone to look up to.
Touching my toes.
Born in a small town. Moved to a city as soon as I was old enough. Left the country soon after I got a degree. Worked and travelled for 10 years. Seen a lot of the world. Went back to school to train to teach. Now live overseas. Bought a house here. Life’s pretty good.
That last part sounds hard. Hugs.
White Chocolate with pistachio. It’s always the right time for chocolate.
10 grand to pay off my visa from first round of IVF that was unsuccessful, and 5 more grand for another attempt.
In my panties. Sigh. No one ever goes there.
[Toy Box - Tarzan and Jane Song.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IlDjEd8gAkI) Seriously.
A ladder
Somebody’s an asshole.
I’m tall and thin. Natural athletic frame. Curly brown hair. Both sets of grandparents lasted to late eighties/early 90s. No family history of any serious illnesses. University educated. History of easy child birth (good hips) runs in the fam. I DID have LASIK to fix my bad (blue) eyes. I did get a little anxiety from mom AND Dad and a deviated septum from Dad. But all in all, I’m pretty good, I guess.
How do *I*? I don’t. How does one? I don’t know... Eye contact. Smiles. Batting eyelashes. Twirling hair. Shoulder touches. Listen when they’re talking. Be interested.
Long ass dry patch. How long do you go without before revirginizing?
🥁 Ba dum chhh
Sit at a roadside cafe drinking a coffee and watching the world go by. Spend long times just sitting and staring. Key is to not feel guilty about doing absolutely nothing. I’ve perfected that.
2 weeks. Live in nanny position. They were really really rich. But he worked from home and was definitely a functioning alcoholic and a controlling psychologically abusive father and husband. And I couldn’t fix that/ nor live with that.
Carpool karaoke.
Drunk me always manages to get herself home.
🎶 Don’t stop Believing!!! 🎶 Look up, look forward, hope, dream big.
I’m outside sitting on my steps listening to the rain and the storm getting closer and closer. Thunder rolling in the distance, the occasional car engine, bird chirp, lizard, and dog bark. Background jazz.
I was very (very) drunk and my friends took me home. I had just moved to a row of attached houses. I tried for a long time to open the door of the house next to mine before realizing my (hilarious at the time) mistake. Way to make a good impression on the new neighbours. No idea if they ever heard me though!
Why did the tomato blush? -Because he saw the salad dressing.
Tailored clothes and a smart haircut.
On my visa.
hate to dissapoint, but instant noodles with an egg.
You use milk to make cookies?
Gotcha!! I don’t drink milk so that never occurred to me!!
They’re fake boobs.
It depends on the parents and the school. Though I agree it seems to be getting less and less common. In school, It depends on support you get from administration. My school is a far cry off from excellent. But my student fingered me in class for calling him out on his misbehaviour. I was about to go on my lunch break and I emailed my principal and told him I didn’t want that kid in my class for the rest of the afternoon. And he wasn’t. And he came back at the end of a day with an apology letter.
Well done!😊
Does a non practicing paedophile jack off to kids? If they support porn with kids in it in any way , they are off my friend list. Kids can’t consent and that’s not ok. So nor would be supporting the industry in any way. I think I’d need a lot of processing time. And need to ask a lot of questions. And not sure I’d ever be able to be comfortable with it, due to the fear of them acting on it at some stage. I don’t think I would be at ease with that disclosure. *People are a product of the society they are raised in, whether they try to be or not. There is a very negative perception of paedophiles in most societies, so it’s never going to be easy to accept.
Lemongrass paste has been added to my shopping list!
I draw the line there.
Vietnamese. I live here. It’s difficult to learn because of the tones. I’ll never be fluent naturally. My ears can’t hear! I'm very dependant on others to help me when I need to get shit done, and that bothers me. I’d like to solve my own problems.
Nice!
I don’t microwave it. But yes- that would work. I usually just crack an egg on it before pouring boiling water on top, then let simmer a few minutes.
Whole egg cracked in raw then brought to boil. Not hard boiled.
Yum
Yum!! Yes! If supplies are available, it can be elavated even more. Left over roast pork with sweet chili sauce and roast veg
Depends on level of tipsiness!
And if you ever have left over pork roast toss that in with some Thai sweet chili sauce...
Fry ground beef, add peppers and salsa. Serve on rice or tortilla.
Yum!
I crack it in raw. Ends up soft boiled I guess!
Agreed! It’s also crazy time consuming! So unless you’re in the noodle house business...
I just watched an episode of Jamie and Jimmy’s food fight Club where they made Ramen
Oh I thought when you said ‘you made your own ramen’ you meant you made your own ramen, (noodles included) not just broth.
Totally
I crack it right in.
Either would be ok. Fried, soft boiled. I crack a raw one in.
Her name is Ms Hoang. She comes every Sunday.
Ketchup, in general. I know others might disagree but- there is nothing I put ketchup on. It doesn’t enhance anything. I don’t buy it. But I have a whole bunch of single packets I’ll never use- because it comes with my pizza deliveries!! How bizarre.
Pancakes.
You are correct.
Thanks. 😂 I am almost done the year! I AM counting down the days.
So many things! I’m from Canada but live in vietnam. Lots of brands of chocolate. Twizzlers. Good cheeses. Lots of baking ingredients. I love cooking but when I find recipes online and look at the ingredients list- I just can’t! The import shop in the city offers some variation. But not consistently. Plus it’s a couple hours away.
I’d be more lonely
I do this when my power goes out yet I keep trying to turn things on!
I usually buy lunch each day. Convenience foods. Packaging. Plastic. I suck.
I would be SOOO happy. Because I can think of nothing I want more. Also, wow, immaculate conception!! Who knew.
It was never a FACT up for debate. Always.
Sometimes we just don’t have energy to hang out, even if we want to. Don’t stop inviting us.
I remember going to go see Tarzan with my sister as young adults. In the opening scene when he gets orphaned, my sister and I both looked at each other and cried. Then laughed because it was pretty pathetic. Picked up the emotional gene from our mother.
Ewwwww. I never read it that way until you said that. Editing right away. Gross. Stuck up his middle finger, like swear.
Going from out to in. Warm to cool. Or visa versa. Fogging up! So annoying.
Everyone’s got skills.
Not. I’m at a salon getting a manicure/pedicure and getting my hair dyed.
Going where?
When I was in grade 7, I was not super cool, but I was a good kid. This boy used to tease me and make fun of my skinny flat chested body. He made me cry on the regular. It made him feel like a big man to get laughs out of his friends at my expense, I guess. He was a dick. One time he poured a can of coke on my head to make his friends laugh. In grade 12 after I blossomed a bit, got my braces off, got contacts, got boobs, etc, he decides to try and be friendly. Nope. I wasn’t at all interested in being nice to him. I’m 39 now. Still wouldn’t be friends with him.
This wouldn’t work for me. Am introvert. Would never dream of picking up the phone.
Or if they do they definitely wouldn’t pick up!
It’s true
My tendency to have a bit of worry and anxiety. It’s not completely debilitating. But it does affect my life. But I work around it. Get through it. I am strong and I won’t give up. So it’s just part of my struggle. And everyone struggles.
Some might argue clothes. But I disagree.
Absolutely not. I don’t even like rings. A man that loves me? That’d be alright.
Dec 2004 Tsunami Kinda ruined my Christmas holiday. Pretty intense and surreal and terrifying. Left me with a healthy fear of the power of water.
I’d be a solid 8.
Deadpool. Totally ok with that.
[Troodon](https://www.thoughtco.com/things-to-know-troodon-1093803)
Vanilla. Freshly baked chocolate chip cookies.
The silence of my house after work.
Give them a Tim’s coffee and donut and tell them Sorry.
Canadian here. I prefer the fake syrup. Am I fired?
Surrounded by people who love and support you. Happiness. Love. Enough money to be comfortable. It’s all very relative.
I know I’m not the only one who did this... I stapled my finger to see if the staple was wider than my finger. It wasn’t. Ironically I’m a primary school teacher now, and whenever I have moments where I think- I can’t believe I just had to say that...(like- Johnny, your pencil sharpener is not for you tongue) I remember my teacher calmly explaining to me not to staple my finger.
I live alone so there is zero reason to shut the door. Basically, I’m lazy.
**No guilt** for length of time in bath/shower, eating whenever, wherever, setting the temp at what you want, watching what you want, eating from the pot.
Baking demos
Santa gave me and my siblings budgies one year. We crowded around the cage to have a look- and my mom says- be careful, that one bit the lady at the shop.
Passport should be due back soon, with my new work visa.
Character building. Foster independence. Teach virtues like Responsibility, perseverance, patience, teamwork, self discipline, flexibility, creativity, etc. *Also, travel. And encourage them to appreciate or be aware of other perspectives/ points of view.
When the Harry Potter books came out, I decided that I would wait to read them with my (not yet born) children.Then life happened and I have not been blessed with kids yet, and likely won’t be. And I still have not read them or seen any of the films. And I don’t think I will.
Are you sure about that?
My first grader once came to school and told me that daddy drank too much last night and mummy made him sleep in the bath tub. Another told me about the pubic hair grooming habits of her mother. I’ve never gotten horrible gossip from my young students, but parents be aware, your family secrets are NOT secrets if your young kids know.
Each to their own I guess.
It was one night- not on the reg, as far as I know. The kid thought it was hilarious.
Get enough sleep. ‘Unplug’ at least an hour before bed. Practice gratitude.
It can be an addiction to keep track of all the crazy shitty terrible things that go on in our world, and lament about them. There’s a balance though. I’m at the opposite end of the spectrum, living in a bit of a bubble. Middle ground is probably the healthiest place to be.
That last one makes me laugh!
Ooops! 😂
Did it make her cry though??
Thank goodness no. All my tells are very light hearted and amusing ( and embarrassing for the parents). I’ve never had to deal with disturbing disclosures.
I’m sorry. I hope things are better now.
Poor on top of thick sliced (garlic) bread, grate cheese over it all. . Then grill. (In oven top heat only.)
This falls under conversations a teacher never wants to have! 😂
Could have been worse. Like- Mummy’s favourite thing is ‘wrestling’ with Daddy.
Those super salty licorice candies. Very few, if any, kids appreciate those!
There’s a lot of anxiety posts atm. Not sure why. Hugs to all of you. I’m older. I’ve always been an anxious kind of person. Be gentle with yourself. Know your limits and don’t feel bad for having them. But don’t live in your comfort zone either. Accepting my anxiety as part of me makes it easier to deal with. Or medicate. That’s not appealing for me. But do what you need to do!
A shredded chicken banh mi. Not so bad.
We won’t talk anymore because my heart can’t handle it. But I’ll care about you forever.
Not picking up on the signs until hindsight. Being to scared to take the risk.
In NO way.
That’s a ridiculous thing to say.
Probably just avoid shopping on that day if you’re an asshole.
Only Newfies say ‘aboot’
Go suck goats’ salty balls.
My bucket list is pretty much a destination list. Antarctica.
Just Curious- have you been??
I tend to be ridiculously emotional, crying, or nauseous when I’m tired. So... yeah. I’d gladly do that! Plus 8 more hours to accomplish shit. Nice.
Forbes Top 100 Richest People in the world. 1) Me
Here Comes The Sun
Lying to me.
Will you be nice to me? Do you want children? Will you do the dishes and ironing?
Bake.
All my grandparents were so special. I remember curling up in my grandpa’s (Mom’s Dad) lap for cuddles. He oozed unconditional love. I always felt so safe. I curled up in his lap into my 30s. Nothing better than a grandpa hug. My Dad’s Dad was also amazing. It makes me smile to think of him singing along to Sinatra or Elvis. My Mom’s mom I remember fondly in her older years, hearing her from bed, shuffling around the farm house in her slippers cooking the family bacon at 5 am. My Dad’s mom had this habit of cleaning before her cleaner arrived. It makes me smile thinking about it. I do that too. They’re all gone now. But will never be forgotten! ❤️
Drink tea. Watch movies. Nap.
I make it with water but cool it with milk. I don’t like overly rich things.
They look beautiful, but in fact, they are really quite nasty. All sorts of different flavours. Eggs? Seafood? Wtf!? I get them every year at lantern festival. I feel so bad as they’re not cheap! But- regift!!
Add bacon and cheese!!!
Nah. Too emotional.
Probably sorry. (For bleeding, or for not breathing, or for leaving)
I used to be a nanny and Emma Thompson’s daughter was in my charges’ class. So I saw her often at the school gate. Noel Gallagher’s daughter was also in the class. I also used to teach swimming lessons to Liam Gallagher’s son. Edit: Mixed up the Gallagher’s
I think he was just being condescending on purpose. 🤷‍♀️
People that aren’t open to /accepting of different perspectives. If you think your way is the only way, I have little patience for you.
My morning coffee. It’s like a meditation for me. Starting off my day calm and quiet. I’m a preschool teacher, so once I arrive at 8, until I leave at 5, not one second of silence.
Ellen, Stand Up, Talent or singing shows, auditions
I don’t ever seek it out on my own. If I watch, I enjoy relatively vanilla MF best. So I can just put myself in the position of the female and fantasize about her being me.
More Freedom.
On Reddit self is more confident.
Pancake Suppers!!
Tsunami. One was enough, thank you. Water is powerful, yo!
Xanax
Cuddle
Honestly, I’m productive on weekdays. The only things productive I do on the weekend are self care related. Sleep well, eat well, have fun with friends, massage or get my nails done. Maybe laundry too. SELF CARE is productive!
I guess that’s why I’m not religious. I’d only practice the peaceful parts.
Totally agreed.
I work for a for profit school where the higher ups have no experience in education nor care about it. It’s about banking as much as possible without being criminally negligent! If I could somehow plan to have less profit, invest more into quality education, salaries, resources, etc, that’s what I do. This would include buying lots of books, providing PD, fire the shitty teachers and offer better packages so the good ones would come and accept offers.
The company runs a selection of international schools in SE Asia.
They don’t LOOK bad. They’re kinda cool actually. The SMELL on the other hand, kinda makes me nauseous.
Kids screaming in foreign languages, loud chewers, and people just yelling my name over and over again. Hey- wait a sec- that’s my job.
My boss. I think he’d appreciate me A LOT more.
No one.
Watch stand up on you tube, stubble around my house, and then fall asleep.
Whatever I wanted - and would vary from day to day. Naps would be up there though. And lots of holidays!
Why are the polar bears brown? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WrahQpIWD08
Stress less and travel more.
But who will also live. And potentially make the world a better place.
Here Comes the Sun. Blackbird.
Casual. Comedic. Not aggressive. It’s hard for you guys. I mean- it’s intimidating for lots of guys to approach and even when they do, it’s hard for me to trust genuine intentions. What’s the answer? Idk.
Pitch black night skies sprinkled with stars. Fresh baked bread. Children’s giggles. Holidays. Gin and tonics. Freshly brewed coffee. Bacon. Laughing until you cry. Hot tubs. Cuddles. Puppies. Sunsets. Sunrises. Family. Friends. Love. There are amazing insanely special unique things everywhere, everyday.
Catchy 22. We’d both be way to picky to consider each other.
I have performance anxiety ABOUT EVERYTHING. I don’t want anyone to notice me EVER in case I fuck up.
Not worry about money
All the my size shoes in Ecco! All the my size dresses in Karen Millen!
Entering a washroom when’s someone’s shitting.
No matter how much you want or love someone, you can’t guarantee they will want or love you back.
That I’m dissapointing everyone.
Fuck ourselves over, then blame someone else.
I don’t have kids.
I wouldn’t necessarily consider myself a grinch, but it’s my least favourite holiday. I’m not religious, so the birth of Christ thing doesn’t fly. It’s also just really obnoxious. The music, the decorating. Too much for my serious reserved self. I love buying presents and the family time though. It could be a magical time if you had small children. I think I’d get on board then. (To an extent!)!
Travel
Can confirm. Live in Vietnam. Get water bills. (it’s like $3 a month). But, you also can’t drink it!
The one I work for!! 🤷‍♀️
That I’m a dork, and yep, it’s true. My alt on the other hand... totally wrong impression. Oh but I don’t actually subscribe to anything!
Building materials. Things don’t last, then you have to start again. Drives me crazy where I live. Locals still think short term, with survival of now in mind, (cheapest and fastest, not quality and long term) Where I’m more inclined to pay more and want quality lasting stuff.
I find Ecco to be good and lasting.
But then you’d have to pee!!
Check out Man Crates. (Mancrates.com) And Duct tape it!! Men are essentially children in grown up bodies.
Or better yet, I think, things they didn’t know they wanted!!
Agree! I bought my Dad the Bacon crate and he loved it!
I’d manage. This basically happened to me recently. Lent a new colleague a grand to settle in to new country, etc. Last Feb. with a plan that he’d pay me back in 4 instalments over 4 months. Then I find out he’s borrowed from lots of others. I’ve only got a bit of it back.
Health benefits of storing urine and feces in a pot under the bed?? You’d have to be very creative. 😂
Are you in marketing by any chance?? 😂
Everytime i take a trip, book a flight, hotel, etc. Travel brings joy!!!
My niece is in her unicorn phase so I was thrilled to find bestunicorngifts.com. And I want some of it for myself too. 😂 And I bought my sister a dress with glow in the dark constellations on it, which is super cool. My brother is visiting me in Vietnam where I live so his present is the best. An overnight Halong Bay Cruise.
When she was three- obsessed with paw patrol. Now at four- unicorns.
https://svahausa.com/ STEM themed clothes. I want all the dresses! I am a teacher and I could be the real life Ms Frizzle!! I’m similar is size to my sister. Whenever I buy her clothes I always end up getting some for myself as well!! (In this case 1 for her, 4 for me!!)
It is awesome! You should get one!
Slightly spicy shredded beef steak, a little rice and beans, diced cucumbers and tomatoes, salsa, guacamole, sour cream and grated cheese.
I returned a fleece to this guy I stopped seeing but before I did i sprayed it with my perfume. At the time, I thought it might be kinda subtle (just like a hint of my smell on there) but in hindsight, it probably smelt like I sprayed it!
I’m pretty sure I’d never tire of lasagna.
I’m SUPER judge-y. I don’t voice it. But I think it.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez. Of Love And Other Demons.
A racquet sport.
Social Media Holiday.
Italy. I love it there.
But the cost!!! I loved the 9 years I lived there. LOVED IT! But... couldn’t live there again after living somewhere cheap!
Coffee and silence. Standing barefoot on a beach and letting the retreating waves pull the sand out from under my feet. Fucking love that.
Enjoy the living.
I’m neither. I cope best in day time hours. Too early or too late = fuck off.
Happy cake day!
A whisk. A spatula. Maybe a muffin tin or something. Baking stuff.
My temporary residence card. Such a pain in the ass to get again.
Agreed. Any sort of clothing restricts. Better to be free.
A fridge magnet
The dishes
I shit my white pants in the Blue Mosque in Istanbul. That was...shitty.
I have quite good core strength, I think it’s mainly because of my height.
6’ - not super tall. But it is the excuse I give for my bad balance!
I live in Vietnam and police often routinely pull people over to get corruption money from people. But when I stopped and took off my helmet (and maybe shook out my hair a little) the young cop was so flustered at his inability to speak English he just motioned me to carry on. (Good thing too because I totally don’t have a license)
I work in a private school. 8 kids in my class. I got this. Can I have duct tape if necessary?
A friend agreed to donate sperm for me to conceive. He kept postponing. I wasted 3 cycles waiting for him because he didn’t bother to tell me that he changed his mind and chickened out.
Old dirty white men checking out or with young local girls in Asia where I live. Just... ew. Also local men just peeing on the side of the road everywhere in broad daylight.
Confident people might believe in themselves, but arrogant people believe in themselves AND think they are better than others.
Christmas stopped being solely a Christian thing a long time ago.
Make your boundaries clear and make sure she knows she can’t overstep them.
Under normal circumstances, no. But traveling with my brother and we’re texting each other all the time lately from our hotel rooms, to decide times to meet in lobby or share pics from the day.
Many of my short dresses. I think they look decent, but I’m too reserved to wear them out.
All of them.
Stop being bossy
Shake it off
Your mom must be so proud.
Grilled cheese (with garlic butter). Or pasta with pesto and Parmesan.
I plan holidays. Routes, destinations, hotels, agendas. I love traveling. Also sometimes crying while having a long hot shower.
Good for them!! Better for their health. Difficult for me. I live in SE Asia, so they might not ever visit me again!!
I’m a very easy going genuine person.
Humbled.
I think more than half of Reddit are introverted.
I do. Because I don't fancy getting robbed or murdered.
I am not one of those people who stands and attempts to go forward, however, I wanted to recount a story of being on an internal flight in Vietnam recently and this woman literally unbuckled and ran down the isle so she could get further forward. She still had to wait. But I think the metre she got made it all worth it in her eyes. It was kind of funny. I stand (because I’m tall and feel cramped) but stay where I am until the people in front of me are disembarking.
A sleepy and boring one.
Chocolate. Hot baths. Red wine. Chatting with strangers on Reddit is also helpful. Just to feel connected. Drop me a line if you fancy it.
KFC. Because I’m a fried chicken addict.
I like pictures of snow, videos of snow. I love the feel of snow crunching under my feet. It’s a beautiful thing to cover a whole landscape in a twinkling white blanket. Though- I fucking hate being cold.
Myanmar, Japan, and Argentina are on my 2019 list!
No worries. Feeling alone can be hard. But there’s plenty of people on here in the same boat! We’re here for ya!!
Scenes from an Italian Restaurant.
Crunches for me. I love ab burn.
👁 ❤️☕️
Happy New Year!!! 🎉🥂🍾
It can be learned. I grew up right handed for writing. Then my right hand developed a bit of a tremor. Now my left has stepped up.
Sinus issues, near sighted, panic attacks and although I’m thin, I have two chins.
I’m very judge-y. Of others. But also myself. Hard to meet my standards. I don’t!
Like me except 5 years younger- and likely with more hope.
7 or 8 from neck down. I have a nice body. Long legs. Proportional. I have good hair and eyes, but asymmetrical and I think that knocks me down to a 5 or 6.
Lots and lots of laughter.
Beavers!
I would not be good enough for me.
Everything.
Ten years. It started off because I was picky and not really interested in settling. So a bit choice. Now I’m just scared and not even sure if I know how not to be single!
I’ll exercise after work. When after work rolls around... Queue me watching brainless tv like a zombie on the sofa. Catch 22. I’m so tired so I don’t exercise. I’m so tired BECAUSE I don’t exercise.
Childcare, teaching reading, the importance of teaching virtues/character building, baking, traveling
Sounds great to me. I love my sleep!
Number families should be memorized. I just know by sight.
All the vibrators would be such dicks.
The kinder neighbour would now be south of the border.
I think it’s pretty healthy to fear predatory animals, the ocean, and venomous/poisonous creatures. And rats and mice too maybe, as they spread diseases.
When I was 30 and doing a Post Bac in Ed, I did this team building weekend, and one of the things was to climb a telephone pole type thing with pegs notched in the sides (about as tall as that, gradually getting skinnier) and once you got the the top you were supposed to stand on the very top of it, and jump to try to reach a swinging trapeze type thing. We were harnessed in with responsible trained people supporting. There was little risk of free falling. My head knew that and really really wanted to try. But my legs WOULD NOT leave the sides of the pole to stand on top. I was frozen. I was so humiliated that I had to climb down the pole instead of jump. The only one in my group. But the longer I stayed up, the more I shook! And then the whole pole started to sway. Traumatized.
With as little enthusiasm as possible
Being gifted adults I hope!
Nice tits. *or maybe ‘Beautiful breasts’
Swoon!
I put in zero effort. I’ve got zero results. Funny that.
My arms are fuckin’ sore from day 2 of my January ‘30 burpees a day’ challenge!!
Things that come in plastic.
Totally. I love going home to Canada and I can drink the water from the tap. Can’t do that where I live without getting diseases.
I dreamt about ‘eggplants!’ 🍆*wink wink*
Smother in kisses
Be extremely depressed and cynical
Traveling makes me happy, so yeah. Because that requires mula. But human connection is crucial to happiness as well- and there’s no cost attached. So yes and no!
I’m not a guy but by zero effort I mean I don’t try and connect.
I’ve also given up.
Oh I know, I put in no effort there either. I sit at home every day and no guys fall into my lap. I mean, is that so much to ask.
nice to know I’m not the only one who can’t be bothered. It’s too hard. And demoralizing.
Relax
Fuck
Jan 1st- pack away Christmas.
Both. Long ones in the morning to deep clean and wake up. Short ones in the eves rinse off the day before getting into bed clean.
I don’t like to be out of control in the company of others. So- I occasionally participate in the comfort of my own home.
I keep my amazing views and vibes internalized so that’s why by myself works best. Or- With people I really trust. ( there aren’t that many!)
The desire for a quiet meditative coffee by myself before any daily obligations begin. (It’s the only peace I get all day!)
6/7ish. I feel like I have a pretty rockin bod, but my face is asymmetrical and I have a pointy nose, sinus issues and constant eye bags. I might be an 8 if neck down.
Ants. Fuckers.
I moved to the UK two days before. So I was a jet lagged disaster in Windsor.
A vaginal tear
Fucking people, eh? I wouldn’t put it past us!
Too much time to overthink.
Playing in general! Being silly. As a preschool teacher being ‘childish’ is key to success.
Haha I read this as Lands and Titties.
I want children a lot, but I worry about the world I’d be bringing them into.
Teacher. Teacher.
I’m hard on myself *and others*. That’s why I have few friends.
Friends or family that are far away. I live on the other side of the world. There are important people/places in my life I don’t see very often. Homesickness is happy/sad.
I like chào or Yo
Hit me with eternal happiness
My friend told me his wife was pregnant.
They’re so excited!!
I don’t have a job. But I’d struggle to drink 12 beer a day. 1 an hour over 12 hours? I’d try my best!
My retainer. A few passports. Some cash. Socks. A plethora of hair ties. My mind. You know, the usual.
Just be patient!!
Instrumental. Lyrics are distracting
I’m stuck at home while I have some building work done.
‘What is the What’ made me ugly cry. Partially due to already being emotional because of other things in my life. But Jesus, I cried hard!!
Chocolate and wine. Same as it’s been for a while. I’m alright with that.
Won’t it be nice when the president isn’t a lunatic.
The Good Doctor!
I just recently discovered Xanax. I’m not depressed I just have a predisposition to worry a lot! I don’t abuse it, or take it daily even. Just as needed for big social event or when I wake up randomly feeling overwhelmed by life. They help alleviate symptoms that cause me stress. So I’m all for whatever can allow me to relax! What works the absolute best is Cbd oil with a hint of thc. Probably more natural than Xanax but more illegal so.... what can I do.
He’d find a solution!
That’s a matter of perspective. I definitely don’t think so.
Holy performance anxiety Batman!
A gin soaked slice of lemon. That probably couldn’t sustain me long.
I did not bake it and sell it after incase you thought I was that crazy.
I missed an opportunity there!
I took one home and threw it out after. Must say I don’t recommend. In theory good. Starts cold and hard. But it’s hot in there, so quickly becomes... not good.
The bread I used wasn’t served!!!
I can’t really afford but also quality English speaking help in the foreign country I live in is near impossible. So- a great support network of friends I can talk to and be open with, self help books, a CBT course, meditation and exercise are what keep me sane.
Pros: Warm weather year round, stunning scenery, friendly, good food Cons: not very progressive culture, Plastic pollution, air pollution, dust, sometimes too hot.
We do it for the guys, not ourselves, for the most part. I don’t mind it, as it makes me feel good to please, but, as I hope we all know, our clits are not in our mouths.
Don’t forget ‘ow my jaw.’
I’m way too sensitive. I’m pretty judge-y.
Pretty impressed I think.
Killed everyone
Alone
It’s all these things!
6 ish or bigger. And thick. But that’s just me! There’s someone for everyone! Right? ^^Right? ^^^Right?
[Usually how fucked up the world is.](https://imgur.com/a/ZenK3Ap)
It’s not! (IMO) I wouldn’t judge anyone on that!
I’m pretty fit. Yes.
Scratch the back of my neck. Sometimes leave welts on my sensitive skin!
Coffee!!
Let’s be honest- any penis would do *something*. Is not like I stick to those stats exclusively! It’s just my ideal!
Trying to stay awake until the lunar New Year fire works.
Tbh... guilt.
Coffee
Sorry
How to naturally curb my anxiety and try to find a way to not be alone forever.
Good Day Sunshine
Instant brain re-wiring pill for end of depression and/or anxiety.
I had a dream the my dad killed my sisters new born baby. It was the weirdest dream and when I woke up I cried so bad. And whenever I thought about it for the next few days after.
Independence. A Canadian passport. Financial security. Opportunities to travel. A family that loves me unconditionally. A secure friend base. Job options.
Buying your own socks
Talking about it. Exercise. Xanax. I do what it takes and I’m not ashamed.
Drive. Motivation
35
Make my bed. Do some burpees. Drink water.
Fair enough
Don’t ya put it in your mouth ^Don’t ^ya ^put ^it ^in ^your ^mouth Don’t ya stuff it in your face... Though it might look good to eat... And it might look good to taste...
real cocks don’t have rabbit ears off the shaft. If you ever trust men enough to have sex again, you are not doing yourself any favours.
Jack Squat
Literally raises my heart rate
In Vietnamese ‘love’ is ‘yêu.’ Kinda pronounced as ewww. Tôi yêu bạn.
I am an expat in Vietnam (the South) and have been here 8 years, and I see absolutely no reason for concern. Everything is kind of running as smoothly as it usually does here. (Likely not as smooth as where you’re coming from) Wash you hands. Get a mask if you want. Be hygienic. This country is amazing. Enjoy it!
Happy Birthday! Do it! Just be sensible! A little out of your comfort zone is ok! Have fun - that’s what travelling is all about.
Check out the chill house in Bali. Surfing or Yoga. Really cool place. Or see if you can do some volunteering with orang-utans in Borneo. Or something like that. If your tired and lonely then try travelling with a bit more purpose! And doing something that gives you joy!
Vancouver is the best!!
Me too! You know where my mind is at. Happy cookies.
Thanks!
Hi toad! I have a garden toad too. His name is Bubba.
That looks delicious. 😊
Magical
Yum!
Happy cake day. ❤️
So delicate. Gorgeous.
This is me too, minus the physical pain. Hugs, love and light. ❤️
That made me smile! Great transformation. I love the red shed!
Amazing.
I thought dolphin!
I kinda can understand why people might have some healthy skepticism, if they are an outsider. Not to the level he’s tweeting, by any means though. And for those of us here, including me, I have no doubt Vietnam has done an amazing job, and the numbers they’re giving are accurate.
Yeah, I feel the same. But ... I don’t think it’s a bad thing to have high standards. Yes I’m picky. Why would anyone settle for less than they want or deserve? I’d rather be single personally. And it’s lonely sometimes for sure but at the end of the day, I’d rather that. If it doesn’t happen, I’ll be ok. I’ll always be ok.
That looks beautiful.
I have a huge problem with/infestation of little tiny conical snails in my veggie planters and my big circular felt planter. (Also veggies.) I think they’re living in the soil and then come up at night? They’re destroying my crops! I live in Vietnam so the growing season is year round. Should I start over? Treat soil before replanting? Any tips on how to get rid of them pesticide free!? https://imgur.com/a/nEkHJT8
Yes, perhaps I should ask my neighbours. I can’t talk to them! But I could show them.
It’s so pretty!
I forgot about this book. It’s so good.
Too fuckin cute!
Canadian born and raised. But live abroad. Canada is stunning and pictures like this always take my breath away and leave me with pangs of homesickness, longing, and what ifs.
I love the flame piping.
It’s very pretty!
Star fish it!
I bought some treated forest moss (that’s what it translated to) where I live in lieu of being able to find coconut coir/husks and I put a layer of it on top of my planters to retain moisture. Good idea? Bad idea? Not sure if I’ve just created a breeding ground for unwanted plant eating snails/critters?
Spectacular!
I’m not a car girl, but that’s sexy af!
It was fluffy and dried out. I bought it at the garden centre. My local friend said it’s normally used with growing orchids. Not painted or dyed. I’m not sure what treated means. Maybe sterilized?? I just google translated the packet. I guess we’ll see what happens!
Thanks I will. Love watching plants grow! 😊
Thank you for your response. I think counselling will be my long term solution.
And just not worry about calories at all?
I was just wondering as my Apple Watch has a move ring with a calorie target. But I’ve just set it very low. And I should totally eat more but I find that hard.
Just under 6’
Cheers
It’s weird. There were none a few days ago that I noticed. And today like 20.
🙋‍♀️
Corrected!
Nice forearms, stunning eyes!
Too frickin cute!
They’re perfect!
Love the gold nugget sprinkles!
Love it! Dibs on the swing seat!
I was gonna say!!! Where did the summer go? But seriously... bring on the end of this year!
