I want the music source
ahhhh I'm not the only one.
what brand is it supposed to be?
thugs
it's all good I found it before but thanks anyway dude
this sub went to shit really quick
mmm enaknaya kewangian ikan bilis
tailgate
what about a bathtub?
The chord arrangements are completely different.
but can he walk the walk
Mr Bean because Teddy
I can understand where you are coming from with that, that Malay literature has a very formalised feel to it, but I have read some pretty good Malay books in the past, and I also think that Malay literature is an art in its own right.
Thanks man I'll look into it
His wife left him for a man from Tajikistan.
Honestly if these were my neighbors upstairs I wouldn't even be mad
Why is Mad Tom doing this? Who hurt him?
"this is fine"
What is everyone looking at?
These paleontologists should have left the cooking to an expert.
#2 : The slave labour
Playing against his hometown
we?
It says Made in Australia...
I go to the nearest salvos
?
Oh come on, it's Nottingham Forest!
I want this to be real, and I want it to be an ancient evil.
oldest known good boy
The music from Jurassic Park and Raiders of the Lost Ark always get me excited.
Ri goo goo ri goo goo riiii
Disney owns The Wiggles?
A guinea pig. No wait, probably 5 million dollars.
he wasn't born in the US
Bill Burr and Joe Rogan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMVCDgMvSVE
I was gilded gold by an anonymous user a year after I made this comment. Just too vague. https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4bo8b2/think_of_a_internet_stereotype_sjw_neckbeard/d1axszo/
aww man I've always liked her.
WHY?
Hurt a puppy. Fuck that.
You've probably never heard of it
A leech. Didn't really feel the pain but I feel that one leech in particular was an asshole to his friends.
James Brown
I thought his behavior in interviews was due to his social anxiety. He's been known to use his aviation license to rescue people, I wouldn't call that a dick move. And what is it exactly about his acting don't you like? His character Indiana Jones became the archetype for the adventurer hero type.
Uploaded by A Science Enthusiast
OP are you terminally ill?
2018 the Youtube purge!
Narcissists like attention
RIP
1 goal of his cost them about 10 million
Potman Sanchez
The museum is pretty cool but I honestly don't care for the quests involved. Also would like to note: treasure hunter =/= archaeologist!
what a coward
He was a second striker.
That guy's interpretation of those stereotypical white guys who go after Asian women but know nothing about them is spot on.
[Very relevant song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3MWmObR4Ow)
they are woman's dreads, no time to talk
I've seen one of these up close. They remind me of velociraptors and are really horrifying to be next to. Of all the flightless birds they are probably the most aggressive and can rip your stomach open. Does not belong in this sub imo.
Unfortunately I use Etac for Raven Rock. I heard that Raven Rock Expanded is very glitchy and I don't think that Solstheim for Dunmer is compatible with any other mod that edits Raven Rock.
A lot of Mihail's work looks really amazing but most of them seem to have some sort of problem with them. House Dres mod seems to be alright but other stuff of his like the cliff racers are to overpowering and kill off normal npcs. I was a bit reluctant to download Corprusarium Redone also because the location description sounds really vague but I'll give it a go!
She won a gold in thrash?
RIP
https://imgur.com/cRYoqqQ
These are completely different keys.
When Tyrion confronts him about sharing his plans to Cersei, he stammers and says "It wasn't me! It was Varys, that spider!"
Wonderful isn't it? Brings me back to a time where waiting for hours to watch a 3 minute video meant something.
what did you say?
but isn't he the current PM?
Awesome
I've always had my suspicions about The Seychelles...
I'd really like to see a Thalmor mod where they are more intimidating and Nazi like. A villain similar to someone like Amon Goeth would be interesting.
except Dennis Rodman
you sound bitter... or Scandinavian
So much power!
Is that last scene from the Christmas special?
Dogs behind getting jealous and thinking maybe they should get stuck in ice to get good boy status
Laos is an interesting case due to a large amount of land being unusable from unexploded Vietnam war bombs. Also I thought Brunei had 70%+ forest coverage?
&gt; Jesus is clearly referring to homosexuals No he's not, he's talking about eunuchs, which is a completely different thing. But in the larger context I guess he's talking about accepting people for who they are.
What you call when you have one too many drinks
Aren't Hispanic people American?
How exactly is that 'clearly'?
But Brunei is a country too, and has a really old monarchy! That just ain't fair!
It would be cool if you could add a part where you could broker deals with meadery establishments so they get to sell their product at your inn. You could have some specially crafted Thirsk Mead or maybe some of that Argonian Ale that homeless people rave about, then have demographics of those consumers/ known alcoholics visit your inn!
The jig is up OP. We know you're a slice of grilled bacon!
Damn how could they not see he wasn't a teenager?
But they are the traffic!
You tortured him as a puppy with that feather
I kinda wish that there was one judge who didn't press the buzzer and was bawling their eyes out from laughter.
Byzantine? It goes further back than that.
file hidden?
"I love you sooo much Wendy!" "Gracias, pero no entiendo lo que dices"
Bob Odenkirk at 2:06
What academy is Luke talking about?
yeah at least he gave the kids a minute of his time
I thought he lived in a barrel?
Home to the fierce Buffalo Soldiers
/r/grandpajoehate
So... Alligator Joe?
Would you consider White Ox a legal chop chop?
A bouncer's job is wayyy harder than a crappy off brand rapper.
Yeah, they're fighting an arrival... fighting for survival
She got ground
How would she be a cashier? She has no concept of monetary gain.
He was Junior Soprano
Eli5 all the hate? I've heard a few podcasts of his and while I don't agree with everything he says he isn't bad imo.
2012? How isn't it not shut down?
One baby was called Christian, because it was born again
Same. I love how smug the energy man is after he slaps Mr Blyat.
This will always be the worst thing on the X Factor. It's just sad and you can tell how he was tricked by the producers by telling him to 'come out' on stage https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QROI5WnGXFo
26 years ago!
[Extreme Red Ash Storm Solstheim] (https://nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/60324/?) (Makes the Ash plains of Solstheim look like a permanent red ash dust storm) [Foggy Morthal and Swamp](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/69460/) (Makes Hjaalmarch a spookier looking hold). Now if anyone can point me to where there are similar mods for other holds I would really appreciate it!
Rimfire films is owned by Paul Hogan and his lifelong buddy John, so it probably is.
*West Malaysia
He co owns it with John Cornell. They've worked together since the 70s and seem to share their finances.
yeap, which means it's likely real :(
Well I am a walking contradiction why I am still alive I too wonder
I knew a guy who was a bit up himself that had something similar, but some people are just born with chips on their shoulders
Does anyone know the source of the music?
Char siu bao. Had them all the time back home, and they were so cheap! I haven't had a decent one in years. Either the ingredients ain't right, or there is too much bread to pork ratio.
Yeah OP! How dare you ask a perfectly innocent question, you fucking asshole!
Had bad genetics so I wanted to make sure my children have good genetics
So very true fellow mammal! Nobody looks after their hatchlings better than us.
/r/marijuanaenthusiasts is a completely unrelated sub
Does anyone have a larger version of the bottom middle photo?
Needs another bowl of sugar
I am the guardian of lost souls! I am the powerful, the pleasurable, the indestructible Mushu!
It doesn't warrant a ban
Human stupidity never disappoints
Couldn't find Manerd
reread my comment
The Hindu Kush?
how much did it cost you?
One of my old friends was kidnapped by family members when he was little.
I never use Daedric or any OP type armors. Too easy and the look of it is too much. Ebony is an exception.
Skoometh
95' edition was best edition
Nobody asked if this was in Australia.
Stuff starts happening in the second season but it ends on a cliffhanger.
"Manggurs" -Benedict Wong
Could you imagine if they stuck with the show all the way to where Kublai Khan disowns his son who eventually drinks himself to death?
It only makes sense. North Korea is Best Korea after all
You didn't learn about monsun and kemarau ka?
wtf
He's been a diva ever since his career skyrocketed from the Paul Blart franchise
was the streamline everlong?
You're dreaming if you think being a teacher isn't stressful. You have to deal humans with raging hormones, who half time might treat you like shit. You only 'work' 7 hours a day, but that doesn't include having to go home and mark homework, then waking up early to be at school before the kids, then tambah again giving tuition lessons so you can get more income. You may get pension and benefits, but that doesn't include the expenditure for your daily needs or the increasing inflation rate. Apa lagi you have a family and you are the breadwinner. You have to do this balancing act while still being expected to control a class of 30+ kids for 40-50 years of your life and before you know it your biggest accomplishment is becoming the discipline master and not beating the shit out of that little dickhead Farhan.
Yeah that little shit Farhan. Your only real defense against him is humiliating him in front of the class by telling the other kids that if he keeps acting the way he does he will go nowhere in life, but you know that isn't true because Farhan's father is a contractor who has contacts and regardless of whether or not Farhan fails his SPM, he will get a comfortable job while Viknesh, the candle of hope for his family who live in poverty will only get a minimum wage job despite his attentiveness and hardwork in class.
On the day that your career is held with esteem is the day that the kids who hate you get to enjoy themselves even more. Short classes followed by class parties are held in honour of your profession. You are greeted with 'selamat hari guru' by the kids who don't care how much it truly means to you, while you sit at the corner with your paper plate and your idle chat before you remember you have to finish marking some more homework. On the long weekend you balik kampung to see your parents who you haven't forgotten, but just haven't had the time to see more of. Your mother is now stronger than your father who spends more of his time sitting at the porch fanning himself. You give them some allowance despite their disapproval but insist because you know their days are numbered and you will probably not see your father soon. You go back home to your dusty house with your spouse and prepare for Monday, the day when the kids respect you less and less. But you keep doing what you do because you know the job isn't that stressful and that being a teacher is actually the best career to have in Malaysia.
Nah don't blame Sean. He's not responsible for his dad's actions.
Garbage? It's human waste bro
Back in high school one of my friend's had a family bomoh that they would visit every few months. One day the bomoh 'detected' some weird trickery and told my friend's dad that somebody was putting a charm on one of the daughters. Only one daughter was actually seeing a guy and my friend's dad confronted him on the street and he actually admitted that he had been using charms to lure the daughter haha.
That man's voice is wonderful
I'm Gonna Take A Shower You Sit There And Have A Drink Studios
"Oh it took years, but I murdered my way to the top"
"Oh it took years, but I murdered my way to the top"
Saw it when I was a kid but I completely missed this film
3rd is the best
Those spots seem to match up.
1850s would like a word with you
Uhtred
There needs to be some sort of workers union for maids lah. This happens too often in Malaysia.
That is one violent cat!
CAT
what if the cat eats 5 mice but one mouse is on steroids
Tell me about the Siamese Cat!
Cat pic
Why did his son choose to go pro in Bangladesh of all places?
when times are ruff you sing the blues
awesome!
What'd ya mean? The feelings were mutual
You can if you were to read the same sentence everyday for the rest of your life
No more kitchens with swimming pools
The old dude was baiting her from that. He's a scumbag but she took the bait and derailed the whole interview.
I always stay for Toto
/r/IsItBullshit
I feel like him saying 'Chinese pig' could be interpreted in a lot of negative ways. Maybe he was referring to her specifically as a pig, but from my understanding with a lot of cursing in many Asian languages is that referring to someone as an animal is worse than literally calling them 'wanker'. Chinese pig could also be interpreted as him insulting the culture which is probably even worse. With all that being said I feel like this guy is in a state of shock and the language barrier of trying to explain himself is equally challenging and doesn't help the situation.
I thought opening a banana this way is standard.
it's rat-man
squeaky clean
Cool! Keep us updated!
I'm always using Among-the-Hist in my vampire hunting playthroughs.
Fenton? FENTON??!?? FENTONNNNNNN
crock of bullshit
My money is on Nepal
For does of you who are unaware, 1 in every 4 male Sabahan is called Boy.
mogmolisom
I like it. You are talented.
what has this got to do with me?
So misleading
Well tbf, his face like puppy comel
Yes you can. Now Relaaaaax.
Commentator grew up in the Shire
maybe I should join him
Looks like High Rock
ICELAND TO DESTROY EVERYONE
Guðrún hates football
I am one with the force the force is with me
Funny you mention this because us users at r/Malaysia are affectionately known as monkeys (monyet)
That's such a difficult thing to do, especially when you add into the fact that Palestine government is often at odds with itself.
&gt; you can't just walk into another country and claims it yours Common sense says otherwise. So does history for that matter.
If he really was Bob Ross he would remember
"Please Sergio go hawayy"
"No son of mine"
Dude I'm sorry this happened to you. Nobody should ever have to experience this, especially from a teacher.
It *would* be interesting to see a outdoor shithouse be the head of Pemuda UMNO
This is the big problem with most Malaysians when it comes to politics: the short term memory. Nobody seems to remember how Mahathir used the ISA to lock up his opponents, or how he brought UMNO into Sabah and saw the entrance of hundreds of thousands of illegals in order to push for a Muslim majority state. During his entire tenure Sabah was treated like a colony. How he compared the poor treatment of Orang Asli people as better than the way the Australian government was handling the indigenous Australians. Nobody seems to remember his 'Malaysia Incorporated' policy that he introduced that solidified the ruling government's control on private entities. His lasting affect was that he managed to convince an entire generation from a young age that he was a really good guy. That's why you can see so many young people loving him without any knowledge of the ruthless things he's done. I still have all those 'keranamu' styled patriotic songs embedded in my memory.
I thought the production quality of Vikings got better over time
~~indigenous~~ homogeneous population. The indigenous people are very different to the rest of Japan.
What the hell are you talking about?
The Ainu people. The Japanese are related to them, but the Yamato people (the general majority Japanese population) is an admixture of the ancestors of the Ainu and other groups that migrated into Japan over a long period of time. Basically the Ainu are the Japanese aborigines, their language is quite different and they generally have very distinct facial features to that of most Japanese. Also the Ryukyu people in the Okinawan area are considered a different ethnic group to other Japanese.
Do you know what nemesis means?
We've found a lot of artefacts in the digs and the standard procedure for historical archaeology in the state is for Heritage Victoria to store them. The problem is that there is a lack of facilities to store recovered artefacts and one proposal I heard was to make some murals from the million or so ceramic pieces and place them at the new station.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Is true story from babushka. No get, just real.
The more recent stratigraphy would naturally be overlying the older one, so a colonial sequence wouldn't go further below 2m (with the exception of certain historical installments. The dig is only for the historical part of it since the buildings had been previously heritage listed. Indigenous artefacts are possible, but yes you would have to go deeper to look at the potential occupation there. Indigenous post colonial artefacts are also possible too.
Call me 'Hell', Sound of Violence
same here
I loved him as Brisco County Jr.
Mexzealand! Best known for its meth and chups.
&gt; Space: Above and Beyond Damn I completely forgot about this show!
*but it's not about money*
Before having the timber worked, the carpenter sold their soul and pledged their allegiance to the lord of the 5th underworld, Magulitek.
You're getting downvoted but I actually agree with you. Can't stand the man, but the media is so obsessed with him that important news gets shadowed by the his every move. I mean they wrote an article about him going to a funeral and sitting down while shaking hands with the person next to him. It's so petty and stupid and it gives journalism a bad name.
and added tomato sauce.
Maybe vegetarian
If
When did you decide what Chinese people get to eat?
Interesting... because I grew up in a country where Chinese make up the second largest group of people. Some more my childhood friends are Chinese, some of my Cousins are half Chinese. Most of them eat spicy food. The local Chinese cuisine is full of spicy food. Localized variants of curry infused with Chinese influence is definitely a thing.
How is it not real Chinese food?
No not the majority. The minority are just the most vocal and crazy.
*Timmy the Turtle out of his shell* *Timmy the Turtle he's giving him hell*
Rule 3
Reminds me of that scene in Amelie
Anak means 'child of' not 'daughter of'.
Criminally underrated? I thought it was overrated as hell.
He seems so happy here
"My time has come"
It seems like he had some prior knowledge on these conspiracy theories because the stuff he's talking about on UFOs and has been talked about by other conspiracy theorists.
She's fine. She gives a talk after winning and mentions her hair at the end of this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8IQclcZW6c
I always forget how Sabah and Sarawak aren't part of Malaysia
That's a tram.
Well it's interesting because in Dragonheart it was Bowen's student Einon who was supposed to become a virtuous knight but instead turned into a tyrant king.
The guy with the beard has such a nice demeanor.
Or Lao, or Cambodian
I overheard to younger guys talking about drink driving last night
I'd argue that Singapore is the safest country on Earth. China isn't even close.
There are many things to loathe about fandoms... and this is one of them.
Why would Euron be anyone's favorite character?
"I'm from one of the several states" "...there's more than two" "one of the several" "..."
More practice is an understatement
You're a wanker because of the only instrument you can play
Should be Chris Rock
But Mexico state is part of the greater Mexico city metropolitan area.
What brands are the competitors?
One more season at Juve. Ronaldo and Buffon on the same team.
He didn't use it because the end of the killswitch was made of graphite.
"Ready yet? Get set, it's alllllll THAT"
It's those Vienna Coffee houses. There's something in the water!
/r/fuckolly
The core did not explode, I'll look at it myself.
Basically anything related to technical drawing. The board, the rulers, etc. It would always take longer for me to work on it because I just couldn't use the right hand equipment without making a smudge.
This is what happens when you boost your countries science output but your military's mentality is still stuck in the dark ages.
Dude, MARRY HER.
I've always thought his name was Ossip Bernstain
Not even kidding. It was one of the earlier uploads and had a vague title. Showed clips of Ted Bundy giving interviews with that weird sappy music. I think the owner of the channel idolizes his charisma or something like that. The comments on the video were hilarious.
&gt;In case Malaysia attacks them Lol what the fuck are you on about? Malaysia and Singapore have a joint military union with other Commonwealth countries in the region. We even have a pact to defend each other in case one of us is invaded by another country. We've never been at war, Malaysia even supplies Singapore's water, at an extremely reduced cost. If there was going to be a threat of an invasion it would probably come from Indonesia, because that's what happened in the 1960s.
I'm quite curious how he has the name Ali Mohamed Muhammad Al Faz. I've never known any non Muslims having Muhammad's name.
Anthony John Soprano
Some context: Babu is a gifted and kindhearted man who can transmute things into other things. Andresh is his older cousin who falls in love with Salma, the daughter of Rajesh who is the boss of Vishal. When Tarun comes back from the war he is in need of new legs, so Babu is commissioned by the Police Officer to make one. Rajesh sees talent in Babu and makes him a house, but Ashwin is a bad person and has Prahbu and his gang kidnap Malla. Nellu calls for vengeance and attacks Ashwin, but dies. In this scene, we see Babu bringing his heart to the hospital for Joshi who was helping Nellu. Prahbu comes with his gang and kills Babu, but not before the heart goes into Joshi. Joshi then comes alive and avenges his father who was killed by Gobinder. The end.
She looks a lot like Ellie Kemper
Hooray for marsh diseases!
Atlas 97'
"My blood's cold" "You're a pal!"
Damn this guy looks so unhappy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cwWHOkyVT8
One of my favorite books.
Desire pup
You should have linked an actual quality rap battle, not some scripted shit from a film.
Not the last I'm afraid.
This is like Vanilla Ice's album
Monarch's don't have to declare their fortune.
I'M NO SIR
But they would be predisposed to this type of music which would be different for someone else hearing it for the first time.
What I mean is that, regardless of their general music taste, they are more likely to be familiar with this type of music and would have a better tendency to enjoy it.
Metal detectorists are an archaeological nightmare.
Hobbyists dig through the archaeology itself, deeming it worthless. Edit: I'm not wrong
Platini's Latin name is Platypus.
I've never seen or tasted rhubarb or rhubarb pie, but I used to listen to this song as a teenager and it's very relevant to this man's experience https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT8xQrxgqZ0
Not great but not terrible
His mum, best friend, sister, and dad have all passed away within the last year.
You can't forcefully remove people's beliefs from them. That's not how humans work.
in the US.
It's lazy content making.
This isn't exactly random
I've always been confused as to which term is the proper one. I always thought dwarf was derogatory because it implies their some fairy tale creature, and midget sounds crass. Little person also sounds demeaning. Nowadays I just call them anti giants.
That's not a beating
Lol imagine during this they are interrupted by a tornado warning
It's not about being squeamish, most people even in places like Cambodia still react negatively to seeing a body. The issue is the media showing lack of respect to bodies and publishing them without any consideration for the families. My friend's little brother was murdered while trying to stop an argument. His body that was lying in a pool of his own blood was displayed by all the National newspapers, despite my friend's family pleading them not to do so. My friend was away and only learned about it from the papers before her family told her. Can you imagine seeing your little brother's dead body on the front page?
When I was in high school my friend who was in a band with me wanted to play this song at a gig. He was definitely dreaming.
This guy is clueless, and idolizes Ted Bundy.
We'll lead as two kingssss
Some of these are not bad. The Frank Zappa one is perfect.
I wouldn't call him a fake bodybuilder since he actually competes from time to time, he's just horrible at it. He's also got a learning disability which is impressive considering he can muster an army of trolls to harass people at his will.
Doubt it, it's Pahang.
Fergie always had a rocking body but she's also always looked like she was pushing 50.
In Australia at least, the definition of sex worker includes prostitutes, strippers, erotic masseuses, etc. Prostitutes specifically engage in intercourse, but not all of them do.
Do you guys reveal your usernames when you meet each other?
The stars on the Eureka flag represent the Southern Cross.
It's associated with the Eureka Stockade.
Has that happened before?
Ya that makes sense.
Paul Bastock comes to mind. Started his career in 1988, retired last year. Edit: Also Bruce Grobbelaar, 34 years.
It can't be canon until there is a Penguinesia
Congratulations, you beat T&amp;T.
Sounds like turtles having sex
Grew up in Malaysia, finished SPM, did one year of high school in Australia, work and live in Australia. Australian and Malaysian parents. You get used to the inconsistencies and general assumptions people make about you, or the place where you are from before. This applies to both people in Malaysia and Australia. It was annoying at first, but you just shrug it off because at the end of the day it doesn't matter.
Joan of Arc.
All she needs is an eye patch, a peg leg, and a crew of 60 brave souls who can weather through the harshest of seas.
"Let them eat their babies"
Guy with wallet: What a great day, I even have some money in my wallet! Guy with backpack: I think I'm going to murder someone today.
Olivia is still a babe
A Syrian poet.
You've clearly never heard of lions.
There is no verifiable proof that this ever happened.
This keeps getting reposted here as a TED talk.
That's more than most football players will ever earn.
Now that's thomething.
Glad to know this, because Aunty Donna aren't funny.
lol come to KK
/r/fullmoviesonyoutube
Wow, Trump should have watched this video! lmao
Thank you.
People's can have varying views about the world, it's not uniform nor does it have to make sense. The question is why is Meat Loaf even on the front page of this sub.
This is from a year ago...
Got this and took the 'modern family' package. Parents divorced and lived on the other side of the country. Brother too busy with his life to come visit, sister was one of those call girl people who sleeps with rich business men, grandma kept calling to ask why nobody comes to see her anymore.
Now you're a city ostrich huh
Kurt Cobain's assassin.
Why Mossad?
Wow, do they want us to abuse their toilets?
CAN I ADVISE YOU SOMETHING
It's Know Your Meme.
*grabs porncorn*
Shaka theme intensifies
Zeroes of All Talk and Magic Tricks III
Haven't used Conflux much but they focus heavily on magic. Luna's specialty is firewall which does double damage than it normally would. Add in the fact that her secondary skills are fire and wisdom then you can see how she can be ridiculously op.
It's like the lyrics are based off of what she read in a pamphlet.
Jeez that's ripoff either way. Wtf.
You paying to much for tilapia. Whose your tilapia guy?
https://gfycat.com/bleakrealistichairstreak
Indonesian defender Muhammad Radikal Idealis
Mum had no idea that Dad was using the baby as an accordion.
"This doesn't represent me"
Quentin Tarantino is a podophile.
No it isn't.
Where can I find the full series?
Sounds like money laundering front!
I don't hate them, they just have no point of reference to what it's like to not be rich (the ones born into wealth).
Shit like this doesn't happen regularly. If this happens to you regularly then you are doing something wrong.
It was quite nice.
Ladan and Laleh Bijani?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGCK_9AJNL8 Definitely inspired by this skit in some way.
I see you haven't heard of the Australian Cattle Dog.
Good luck buddy.
Wuhan Monster
It needs an iPhone!
Guitars are always more expensive when they are left handed. In my hometown they can go up to twice the price of a right hand guitar for the same model.
Years later we would learn that Nicotine wasn't actually that bad of a villain.
I feel that Europe will be prepared for this sort of thing, since it's already happened to them.
["Andrea Grocer - 5 facts you need to know" ](https://imgur.com/a/yipaCiF)
He sorta overreacted to the punch
Hulk Hogan, honorary black man.
Don't worry Blaze, your time will come.
why do you care so much?
why do you care so much?
what do you mean?
The things humans do for rhinoceros milk.
Roti cirit birit
Oh that's how I started too. I can play both handed guitars, but you can do more things with a left handed guitar imo.
Wenger, working with youngsters: 20 Guardiola, tactical knowledge: 20 Mourinho, mind games: 20
*The gang joins the police force*
Hope he gets it. Such an underappreciated player.
he's CIA
Who killed captain Alex?
I don't understand why so many Americans are against universal healthcare
Damn I love this
That's why you should live everyday as if it were your last, and be as loving as you can to the people around you.
I think I'm up for another adventure.
What a fucking monkey.
A ban is one thing, a crackdown is another. There would riots if the gov't tried to impose this law.
"You're interfering with official Thalmor business" some sort of war cry that some High Elves make before they are massacred.
Can't stand this incestual music.
This is upsetting :(
Of course it's a rip off.
Dude it's been posted like 10 times within the last month.
You can tell which guy works in forestry.
Aaand it's removed.
What is a chiros?
Italians weren't considered white in the US during the 19th Century
Lol in Sabah if non Muslims can drink, that means Muslims also can drink!
Tapai the drink, not the food.
Ogrish, Rotten, and Stile
sand?
Why did you divide my home state to one that is the claimant boundary made by a terrorist organisation?
Why do you always use Dread Knights?
I fucking hate this ad.
I fucking hate you too now.
This post I made here a few months ago was removed for being political. It's a scene from the 90s Tv show Dinosaurs.... https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/f7vyty/dinosaurs_was_a_trip/
Fuck, I thought this was awesome hahaha
Brazilian isn't an ethnicity. Her dad was a white Brazilian.
How could you possibly assume that though?
That's true, but given the circumstances of how the virus has spread, my assumption is based on proven observation. In all instances during this pandemic when there has been a large gathering, cases spike.
Good tea, nice house.
Oh CAWD
Love me some Big Lenny.
What happens if it starts flooding at the windows?
Tell me more!
"Stupida facking Columbus" "Woooah Eyyyy"
A family classic.
u/Water_Feature you were saying?
Damn that's beautiful
Oh man, this was fucking awesome! I can imagine this film being in the opening of some b grade action flick.
Absolute scum.
You're right. Guys, it's actually a horse.
When Tyler Durden and John Connor drove Elliot Gould to rob Las Vegas casinos.
Who wants to listen to a soccer mom yell "Oh nooooo. Somebody do somethinggg"?
The fee for my club when I was a kid was about RM20 a month, about 5 USD. Most of us didn't pay it though because we either couldn't afford it or we'll pay it later. Coach was always ok with it and let us play anyway.
Lol what's your position? Ass kisser/yes man?
Dunning Kruger effect.
Nah, it's just a reference to those videos where there is a screaming lady heard in the background.
Ogoli bogoli
Am I the only one who thinks it's wrong that multinational corporations are a huge reason as to why the rate of diabetes and heart disease in Malaysia is skyrocketing? When I was a kid there were so many fit adults. Now so many fat ones. Lari pun tidak pandai. Buat senaman 10 minit lepas tu buffet special. Bagaimana Malaysia boleh kalau bediri tari kerusi pun tidak boleh?
Haha this brings back memories of coming home from school and turning on the radio
Brownsville.
[I like it!](https://gfycat.com/bleakrealistichairstreak)
Generates +1 one of every resource per 300 peasants. Source: my bum.
Absolutely. Especially with Tazar's specialty. You can just make a barricade in the corner of a map with all your ranged units tucked behind the tough melee ones. Have a flying creature on the side so you can flank enemies as they approach.
*cackles*
That was neat.
21.
That's because they were ignorant and dismissive.
So why is it called Turkish sea if Turkey never existed?
All those demerit points when they go home...
How OP killed a person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdDxllmkoXU
*Lord of The Rings
You're right. I was super high when I posted this.
Always importance especially when collecting skeletons
Jon Favreau wouldn't be where he is if it wasn't for the works of Christopher Moltisanti.
And New Guinea, Borneo, Philippines, Taiwan, Madagascar, the Moluccas, etc. Fuck this map.
To be clear, she made a jab at one of the ultra religious parties in the coalition because they support child marriage, and they got really butthurt.
**MOVIE**
If she really came out of the chair, why are there no coins falling out of her?
This meme making thing that you're doing is a great example of Marx's theory of alienation.
Oh deer
You set out on a task that is meaningful to you, in this case the meme making from the Mummy. Along the way the meaning changes and your pursuit of creating funny memes is transformed out of a necessity of appeasing the subreddit community and meeting that 'quota', that the values which you inherently started with are no longer there and so the quality of your work diminishes to meet with the standard of expectations. Basically, your earlier memes were funnier :( The last few ones just feel like you're making them for the sake of making them.
She's alright. Her obnoxious sense of humour can be funny. I like her joke about Norm. She's also a decent actress.
That's how you pronounce your significant other in a hybrid Brooklyn/Aussie accent.
Good. I swear, Malaysians on the net have started using that site like it's gospel.
https://giphy.com/gifs/8H4BFnRFNlAGY
The game is rigged
&gt;a general metric of intelligence Which is why IQ tests are stupid.
RIP. :(
[Makes you wanna go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI2raWlzZxU)
He's the officer you send to reach out to the boogeyman and help him with his demons.
Damn, the Internet probably killed that kid's dreams.
Believe it or not, these guys are the reason the world hasn't been invaded by giant guinea pigs.
Now soiving: gahbagool
Floki sold out
Lol no he isn't. His kids are fans and he recognizes that she appeals towards a demographic of people.
Lol I guess that's what you have left when you ruin your TV career, abandon your wife and kids, and start preying on mentally disabled people.
He started out working for MTV and had his own segment. Then he got fired after a short time there.
Hey OP is that salt in the background?
Lol just watched the 4th season. I know the show plays on the whole Flanderization of characters, but Goomer is seriously the worst character on the show. Holds no accountability for his creepiness, invades peoples privacy. What pissed me off the most was probably him watching Sue have a water break and just sings about it from a distance.
Oh my god. What the fuck.
Yes, loving that natural paved road that leads to the car park lol.
This would be awesome if it was done on a bicycle path.
Yeap, Lithic Anoa'i
First Aid easily. I think it's the best of the worst skills you can get, and in some dire situations first aid can be extremely beneficial. Imagine having a stack of Chaos Hydras that just won't die.
At least she rejected him as a 9, not as a 3.
As a brother, a captain, a king.
This guy sounds like Butthead
Thank you friend.
I think it's infuriating that they can monetize the videos just by putting text and shitty music in.
Rule 3 is really flawed because you can make the argument that everyone in any cringe video is mentally ill.
This place is so incredibly dangerous, and it's mostly due to the insurgents. Fuck you Abu Sayyaf.
That's literally just instant mee goreng.
&gt; But even then.... I mean, that is a great example of historical racism. At least have a disclaimer, and not put it in a newspaper.
I worked under a prominent archaeologist a few years ago who told me how during his time working in Central America in the late 90s, he inadvertently discovered a huge drug trafficking ring organised by non other than the Mennonites.
Muh Fredonia
Do you remember that woman in the late 90s early 2000s who was raped and murdered by a bus driver and his friends? I remember my BM teacher saying how she deserved it because she was wearing jeans and high heels.
Never liked this shit. Too damn dry and sweet.
It is not.
Was raised non denominational Christian.
I am not Malay, but this map says I am.
Lol wtf. No it's not. That area is still a hot spot for piracy, and it's a lot less safer than it was in the 90s. It's en route to the area where you can buy weapons for a cheap price too.
If you search Mennonite drug trafficking there are a lot of articles that discuss it. It's mainly in Mexico.
She's using a hack that lets you see the opponents through the walls (those green lines you see).
It's a hot area right now. In the last 2 years there have been a lot of fishermen held hostage. Sandakan isn't faring too well either. It's easily the most segregated part of Sabah right now.
He will be around for the Skeleton War!
I think you mean the oldest person ever recorded in modern times. There is no way of verifying claims from a long time ago, and for all we know there could have been some lady in 430 BC who lived to be 123.
A large economy does not equate to index quality of life. There are some really impoverished places in Indonesia.
