To make it more useful, make default lists for PPR and HPPR from fastasypro rankings, or a options menu to select. Also please consider importing last years final ranking and number of games played with same team. I think the number of games started makes it easy to show rookies, injured, traded players
This is madness these comments. BBC America certain is complete shit. It is copy of the BBC version of the show with four hour long episodes which was way better. The Wilfred guy doing same character is boring shit.
Honestly dream sheep shouldn't just target the player, their bleet should sleep all monsters vulnerable in hearing range
Devs make arbitrary decisions to make the game degenerate. Correct zot5 requires collecting noise scrolls. Or kiting vault sentinel through 10 floors, if there are not enough noise traps. The real risk on zot5 is you have significant chance to be teleported when descending or exploring pre-lungs. The dispersal entrance isn't that bad, to run away, you can use fog, step next to it and use blink or blink scroll and have high percentage to land on other side.
You are a nut and cannot read. Grapefruit would do nothing. I think you have mental illness or at least clinical hypochondriac
I guess you aren't really that top minded either. The reason for the pinned post... Once quarantined, a subreddit is nearly impossible to access on mobile. Even on other Reddit apps. You need to visit in desktop mode and accept the warning.
Side from gvwr, You need CDL if over 15 passengers. It's why all the biggest passenger van stop there and won't have three person bench, but put in two bucket seats.
No way it gets in teens. Doubt it has turbo. If he is lucky he gets 10mpg on flat highway
Sweet summer child. None of this works on 0.25 after dev changes
One HO isn't common. Xom would be nearly impossible to count on. Two I personal wouldn't count god bonus dmg, so that excludes dith, sif, usk(maybe Grand finale), wjc. (You are really stretching it with sif, that's like saying gozag gives you free mana potion). Kiku technically goes under summons if you receive corpse and raise dead
Not true. The accessory battery in trunk only has like a 10ga wire to it and is charged from DC to DC converter. If you hooked up to correct spot under engine bay you can get 1000Watts. Anyways Prius cannot jump start, but could hypothetically trickle charge a dead battery with jumper cables or cigarette plug to cigarette plug with high resistance to limit charging current
Are you sure the engine is running? It might have just stalled if you didn't have power steering.
Because of negative feedback (assuming voltages between 0 and supply voltages).... V+ =V-. Or vp is same as vn Now you just set up currents and it's linear algebra. Probably need to add one additional node vx (v1 - vn)/r1 = (vn - vo)/r6. (at the end you solve to find vo (If you remove r4 it would look something like) (v2 - vp)/r2 + (v3 - vp)/r3 =0 Use this as example https://www.electrical4u.com/summing-amplifier/
Oil is still on the dipstick, so you should be ok after oil change. You would have noticed engine lights if you didn't have a few inches in the oil pan
Fuel pump probably. You can remove relays under the hood to figure out what it is
What online person are you stalking? It will help to identify the van if we know who.
Buy a motorcycle. No one wants to hear your mustang. The engineers designed exhaust flow and restriction for a reason
Car-part .com or local pull a parts (but tires are usually off). But you can buy 4 new ones or replacement online or local junk yards
Did someone cut off your catalytic converter?
Are you running car for 2 mins and shutting it off? You could be accumulating water in exhaust. Or open glove box and stick head in there and have someone push up and down on bumper/trunk and see if you hear water sloshing.
They probably have to rekey all the doors and might involve column having expensive transponder. It's usually $500 for dealer to regional for new keys
One how old is battery, there is sticker on it with year. Get a new one if over 5 years. You need a voltage meter to check battery and Allentown is working. Most car parts place will check for you with a tester. But it's not clear if it won't start after sitting for many hours.
Your exhaust is probably rusted to crap. See if anything is loose under car, muffler etc. Heat shield etc
You need to consider load rating. If the OEM tire is rated for 2000lbs and you go smaller you might have to over inflate them or get XL load rated. Also check speed rating and tire life. Newer tread helps with snow. Narrow tires do not.
Could there be more wrong answers. It could be a hybrid or plug in hybrid. The 12V battery is used to power the HV battery ecu and maybe run the radio for a little bit. You should not put jumper cables unless you know what you are doing and likely the DC to DC converter cannot handle the current at 12V
Car-part .com
You don't know how to drive? Id have it checked out by mechanic. Likely something is wrong with front suspension. Maybe tie rods or alignment
https://www.sound-booster.com/en/sets/electric-vehicle.html
Very thin low profile tires might lead to dents, but not a 5% different tire. Guy was nuts as you can put a range of tires sizes on.
Would insurance even convert it?
Most digital vlsi design uses existing digital libraries (ie already physical layout of say DFF, NAND) with measured or simulated timing and gate delays (capacitances and wire rc). It's basically all in software. (HDL I want an 8 bit counter, never think or worry about transistors or layout until P&amp;R) RF design is more analog schematic at a transistor level and you run simulations to look for gain, bias currents, whatever analog performance figure for that architecture, then you check against process corners (slow pfet, fast nfets, best case/worst case resistors, contact resistance, sige models, crosstalk, transmission line for interconnect). (transistor level schematic where you specify all W/L and Vt or which flavor or transistor, pick which physical resistor (poly, diffusion, etc)
https://www.greencarreports.com/news/1081298_2014-chevrolet-equinox-gmc-terrain-to-get-eassist-hybrid-system
Just like anything. It depends on str and strategy. Wear armor, compare AC+EV+SH. Wear another armor compare. Maximize that number. Which skill? Well as much as you can afford into defense. Do you have a shield, etc. You will get twice as much skill into dodging, but low levels of skill training and very little xp compared to the skill level 20 area.
@
Throw out non DD, mummy low turn count records!
Google 2014 equinox ehybrid
Isn't true. There are many YouTube videos demonstrating you can knock surface bubbles back into solution.
You need to determine length of wire and acceptable voltage drop at the end of the wire. If you are ok with 4.5V then yes you are ok. The other concern would be heating in open or or maybe inside a conduit and determine if you might melt the insulation. https://rockcreekpizzaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/9680dabebf5db644b435c1c610925b5a.jpg 24ga might be too small, but if under 5ft you would probably be ok. Also you are almost never using one wire for the current, unless you are using the frame/chassis as a ground return
You could put some junk mail in an envelope with a note saying they passed on. The local org might remove his name to save money
Weird that is antenna and rf radio module. They must have allowed closing window with a keyfob as an option
More like /r/YesYouNeedaNewTireNoItsNotSafe
You are flipping insane for a LP tire like that.
Can't be real they have copy paste mistake showing Fri APR 7 right next to Fri APR 10. Maybe this was copied from last year template
There should be a sticker with 87 in a square on gas fill flap/ gas cap. It should be clearly labeled. You can likely enter the VIN into some online Vin decoder But it all depends on country, engine (there is a diesel option). You should download the owners manual PDF or go out and read the one in your car. It contains lots of important information and even has an index. What else in life do you have worth over $20,000 and you cannot be bothered to read a small booklet detailing proper operation and care.
It's likely built into muffler (ie a bolt goes from left to right and tightens neck down). If you can remove it.... You could replace with a pipe clamp, but it looks like you'd have to cut it off or wedge something metal in there too prevent rattle
Turn on defrost or A/C can likely prevent from stalling as it usually bumps up rpm. (Yes you can run A/C in winter with knob set to hot) Of course this classic American car the odds of working A/C are next to zero. I'm surprised rust hasn't killed it yet or that the engine still makes any noise at all
Some anctedotal old timer vodoo advice says never flush an old transmission like this, it is held together by magic and ground up metal at this point. You might drain and refill with new fluid, maybe synthetic but risk it having new problems. But definitely fill it to full according to owners manual procedure. Don't waste money on a flush.
Valve stems have o rings and can leak. Aluminum rims can also leak air. It might have a pinhole that leaks until 20psi and the hole "seals" up enough to stop. If you are talking about 6 different cars? You sure you aren't measuring hot tires then cold tires? Noon, then after dark? And it's all tires or just one? If one tire is always flat on 6 different cars, then there is a stalker letting air out. Or she just likes making you leave the house to fill up her tires
Buy touch-up paint or small can of clear and paint in the scratches. &gt;all-new lightweight, high-strength steel frame” and a steel bed with four steel crossmembers,
T-rex tape! Maybe plastidip spray it, but I don't know how much it flexes in the wind and snow
I agree. I believe the middle is a magnet and two spring loaded pins. Powered from micro USB cable.
Best thing is to check for wiring diagram online. It is probably this. https://easyautodiagnostics.com/images/articles-700-799/730/731/circuit-diagram-1.jpg the easiest thing is to put volt meter or test light at the starter relay. Make sure coil has power and then check the switched side gets power when someone cranks. It's pretty simple tough, role out NSS and key switch and fuse and relay.
Afaik every owners manual is one Google away. That's why I mentioned it first.
You never answered. Is it always FR tire? Are you checking with same gauge? Are you always checking cold tire at same ambient temp? Or does this low tire issue always show up in December?
Why are you asking people. Go look up genealogy or family Bible. She is probably 17-20 in the photo, go find out when she was born.
I'm almost positive a better turnbuckle is cheaper at any hardware store in the wire rope section. Maybe double the price of your bolt and nut and washers. Anyways it's way better solution and more travel Plus yours will spin the cable when tension gets high (you could have included extra small washers on outside of fender washers
All of your resistors are shorted, the rows your LEDs in are one slidey metal strip
That graph is hilarious. There energy savings of electric cars is larger than all the energy produced and somehow the top line is projected energy needed
Take it too the dealer
Check box under hood for headlight fyse and maybe relay
Replace the pads
Check car-part .com Drop off tailgate at body shop and get estimate
The URL link he posted to your Reddit post. Do you read these comments or just say what to everyone comments
It's broken it's on the floor. You either don't have hot cold or you cannot select defrost vent/ floor/ front
Car parts place often have pre flared sections with various ends. You'll need to estimate length and figure out which flare sand nut size
Probably explained in the owners manual. A door selects between the outside air duct (up under passenger wiper) or from inside the car usually around glove box area. Recirc is dumb anyways, just builds up humidity and farts. Keep some axe body spray to solve your weird complaint which has existed in every car you've ever been in
It can be surface rust off it's humid out or rained. Or it might be parking brake issue. There is adjuster in drums you might need to find a parking lot and reverse a few car length and jam on the brakes a few times in a row. Or maybe it's time for rear brake job they can check over have brake sticking
If your 17 year old car used a bladder in fuel tank, I wouldn't trust any mpg readings. That was the common approach and your bladder probably isn't accurate. What you really need is obd2 reader from Amazon for $10 and be looking at your fuel trims stft + ltft will tell you if the car is using more fuel and you will be able to check the O2 sensors. Also you might have old air line that is starting to fail.
I understand that plenty of sensors can become faulty. It's 17 years old. I'd recommend you find out if the mpg reading it correct by checking fuel trim, injector timing and closed loop. It likely is also a knock sensor failing is retarding timin g or going open loop or or thinking it's too lean and adding fuel
Just Google Ford class action 3.8L Just garbage quality build years. bad head gasket guaranteed
One issue is that is likely 10k pot and linear unless out of something audio. You want log one for audio. And if it is a 5W speaker the pot might not last long at full volume. But it looks older and the wiper is pretty beefy so it might be a higher wattage pot
Lol, I like you how stupidly think they will be allowed back into the US. Hope they are all US citizens...
..... I read too far .....
Three more I look at the picture it looks like something from vacuum time and Bakelite era. You can see the wiper and just tinned? Circular wire. It's clearly linear and probably under 100 ohms. Wonder if that disc is ceramic.
Not if you spend money on solar or maybe use propane for heating your grow. Hence they use thermal cameras to find them
He won't. You are really dumb at dealing with conmen. Firstly you pay half (maybe) to contractor like this to get materials then pay rest after the job. IF YOU PAY ANY laborer like this before job completed to your satisfaction, they will be gone. Also don't do any work on your house without a contract.
That quarter round moulding should have stayed with the door. One gentle bump with a shoe will split it in two.
Go look at irf610 datasheet. Yes at a given current (set by lm317) you will have a range of Vds (10V - Vds is what you are measuring) But the 100k pot sets Vgs. https://i.redd.it/h53xjm4xl1k11.jpg https://slideplayer.com/slide/5072350/16/images/13/NMOS+Equations+Cutoff+Mode+Occurs+when+VGS+%E2%89%A4+VTH%28n%29+ID+%3D+0+Triode+Mode.jpg To know what is going on, record Id (what current lm317 set at) Vds &amp; Vgs
How is the situation over? The US diplomatic channels invited the top military person to Iraq to discuss moving forward. Trump by himself ordered internationally illegal assassination which killed top Iraqis. There was no threat to the US he prevented. Then Trump states he will destroy historical cultural buildings (another war crime and Hague violation if he did it). This only puts the public on the militaries side, the same way china threatening to strike all US football stadiums would rally the citizens. It isn't over, anymore than some idiot making a banner that says Mission Accomplished.
The most critical issue that none of this address is voters have no idea if their ballot was tabulated correctly, or even intercepted in the mail. US election require secret ballot. Barcodes, crypto receipts violate secrecy with keys etc. Paper ballots can be verified and recounted. Ranked/choice voting is a nightmare for hand counts. It is a nightmare for knowing how the software magicly counted. States are moving towards all mail-in voting. This involves contractors handling printing, tracking, receiving, processing ballots. Privacy may be violated. They can target certain populations with misprinted ballots or late delivery. (See FL 00 punch stock using poor quality stock and mis-sized punch machine citing humidity)
It does matter I if you buy has station oil, lol go read what API (if any) service category is on it. I saw SC once
Yeah, 850 per year when he takes in over 7,000,000 Donates 0.1% what a generous guy
Not with RITA it won't. Only 500 jobs coming from out of the area. The entire rest of the jobs are consolidation from Strongsville, other downtown and Eastside buildings. It's 100% not new jobs. It is corporate consolidation and not one single Clevelander will be hired outside construction. These salaries are already taxed locally and distributed via RITA. The only thing is possible loss of downtown jobs from sale of landmark bldg to possible apts, and possibly cause other residential projects to fold if there is suddenly this kind of sq ft remodel available instead of new high rise.
You are nuts. Only some r&amp;d and execs coming from mpls. Maybe 500 jobs relocated. They already have the headcount and at the majority of the 1500 consolidated jobs are from their other properties already inside Cuyahoga co.
Vout = Vin Vgs1 = Vout - Vout*r2/(r1+r2) Vgs2 = Vds1 + Vout*r2/(r1+r2) Vds2 is function of I'd Substitute eqn for Vds, Vgs etc
The truth is you used a in game username, it was the same as username you used everywhere online. They googled that username, found your Myspace or friendster profile which listed your real name. This isn't science. You were bad a at opsec.
8 points, torx are always 6
Why would reflect take into account the targets slaying? It checks SH block them evade then reflect/riposte and I'm pretty sure their is no to-hit check on successful reflected. You would use archery gloves if primary throwing or ranged (with low enchant). After you get into +9 bow range archery slay bonus isn't as exciting. Otherwise of course str.
The last race if ever try UC. Mediocre UC training, ability to use any of the best one-handed in the game. Just stupid idea other than statue form is over powered
Now you can literally never get armor. Rings weapons will dominate your three choices... And very few will be artifacts
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torx http://www.sjap.nl/wp-content/uploads/torx-plus-bits.jpg No just different lobe shapes. They are all 6lobe
Since chunks removed you cannot roulette making this a dumb poll. You very first potion does give you 2/3 chances of a few good mutations Wizmode it. Quaffing 100 potions now will eventually pare you down to 3 to 5 mutations. No matter how many you started with.
LRD works on gargoyle, so not necessarily different case or spoilers. Imagine you saw a lrd casting enemy any didn't know
Int can be very useful for Gn. MR+ is critical if you don't have much. Shield is better, but you might be able to live with laj now. But I'd likely go with arga (speed makes min delay argument pretty meaningless) and shield, especially with boots
I think most of the post exaggerate the issue. You have fluid coupling that handles the engine motion relative to wheels. The output of transmission is going under 1 rpm at that point (which is almost the same as stopped). The only issue might be clutch packs switching while output shaft is moving and had to reverse direction. https://www.cartalk.com/blogs/dear-car-talk/it-ok-shift-drive-while-rolling-backward
It's dumb idea and makes no physical sense (neither does pre-set choice acq) You can get mutated and get three choices? How is that mutated or random? Acq scroll should be changed to shop or djinn that gives you one wish of the following.... Mutation should go back to chunks and more chaos, or introduce remove badmut potion. Or you have some way to identify or carry potion long enough or god power to tell you what it will mutate. A choice is just stupid for mutation. I could see you making them no longer stack and have properties ??? That fill in
Who cares if it is a rare rusted out crap that doesn't run? No one brags about their 16V late 80s scirocco which is just as "rare"
Please delete this or edit or 90% of char dump. Use pastebin instead of 1000 pages http://www.dcssfamiliar.com/#/attackdamage
Any price is going to be $600 - $900 If you Google there are many articles in top shipping companies. It's usually cheaper to buy someone a plane ticket and pay them. Most people rent a trailer to the behind their moving truck.
You might have blown a fusible link. You might have major current drain (short in trunk wiring or something) so alternator isn't able to charge at low rpm. Do you have any amps in the trunk or aftermarket radio wiring? Is battery light on dash lit after you jump it? You need a $10volt meter or at least test light. You only need to check one fuse and one fusible link https://easyautodiagnostics.com/ford/3.8L/alternator-circuit-diagram-1
Anyways the dmg is similar enough. But use freezing until you find brand weap which you may not.
Pretty much all you can do is pull it hard (step on) and release then try to go 10 feet fast and stomp on the break then do it in reverse then fwd a few times. You probably shouldn't drive it unless you want to buy two new tires (wear flat spot) or over heat brakes and cook the brake fluid. As stated, it's likely dragging in fwd also and you would need a slight hill in neutral or jack the tire off the ground to confirm. (Either use parking brake once a week/month. Or don't ever touch it unless emergency because rust and stuff will make it stick. The only thing parking brake does is emergency if you had fluid leak while in motion, or technically you should use it on hills or public street parking because of rear ending, the parking pawl would break and your car might roll.
What the fuck is with these 20+ taint licking sycophant comments all from 4:30pm to 6:50pm Did he walk around his office and make people register an account and post? Those comments are so over the top. Yes, some sleaze bag did buy up the property because for some reason the project never did a swap or offer to previous owner. The city should just eminent domain it for less than he paid, or let him go to planning board with some proposal involving 5 parking spots and major geo engineering work. Heck I'd make him install runoff treatment plant for the parking lot since he will be polluting a park. Then he can just let it sit like that until he decides to sell for tax write-off. If course having his buddy working for county planning means someone will convince the city to pay him half million for the "critical" piece of the puzzle. Smart people would get public record requires for emails from planning to this Booby because I'm 90% sure I know who tipped him off about the parcel.
It's undevelopable property. No sane person can make money on it. He plans to extort the new park with this vacant eyesore at the gateway until they pay him $2M. The county could easily reject all his variances and plans with cause for not meeting requirements.
It should pull to right (because of road slopes) also so if you nod off, you don't drift into oncoming, but usually into breakdown lane or ditch.
Someone can fix it, unless it is frame damage. It will be cheaper to fly out the family member and have them drive it
Geryon also acts like red devil tooting on his horn. Not sure if there are many other uniques with better AI. Though I wish devs made those changes instead of just removing spells
I thought it would be evil weapon... It drops off though for killing things. Even with spectral weapon (which really really is required for this weapon) , killing OoF in one turn is 18%. In eight swings assuming low str, you would only be at 80% finishing effect
TAKE IT OUT, THREAD THE F-ING THREADS ALL THE WAY BACK IN. While installed like that there is a tooth on the knearled bit that makes it only turn one way (out)
Very nice. One concern I have is high outlier high scores might be one super player. (105 are yermak, 104 are 4tharrofdagon, I think 3 people account for more than half the scores) Also, highest score is totally dependant on low turncount (which might be very very important which version, some high scores will be impossible to beat with dev changes like healing wands) If you make a new sheet once and refer by column to previous sheet or use lookup, you can make same table sorted by menu hardness which usually is more telling, or manually add extra field with 1 to 30 in the order you want, then sort col and rows by that and hide it. see my pics here /r/dcss/comments/av5b0x This ( https://i.imgur.com/NIS4SX4.png ) is tourny wins, color squares are menu recommended combo, pink numbers are Nem choice (artificially inflated wins), col and row listed by character menu
Low turn count results from god healing or with Chei, you regen many turns for one 8 aut move, but doesn't impact turn count. So Dg is weak here because harder to get low turn count. Go look at avg score by diety, some may be worse than even Dg.
2H it's never better until extended (maybe). Shields are too good, 20+ skill needed takes too long. Even UC loses very little going 1H vs offhand (Exception is maybe for small characters or spell casters using enhancers and not hitting things, and obviously ranged)
It must be so hard having rich parents set you up with a job then not liking it and being able to just move to the richest European country.... You poor thing, how do you even breathe
What kind of baby are you. Go get a job and pay $40/mo for like 12gb as hotspot. You are depressed mostly because you are living helplessly with no proactive steps in your life. Hell most neighbors will pay you$20 for some manual labor they need done
Warping would only happen from new rotors or possibly red hot ones run through inches of water. Most "warped" pulsating rotors are because people come off long hard braking hearing up the pad material and someone comes to complete stop and stays on the brake instead of rolling a few feet or.. maybe less aggressive braking. When hot pads press into hot rotor, they deposit cementite in one area. This is harder than rotor metal and leads to thickness variation.
No. All the voltages for internal chips that might be damaged all have their own DC-DC converters (almost all of which are designed around +/- 10% input voltage. The 19V is because this is most efficient to charge the batteries with (5 series X parallel cells is 3.9 to 4.1V times 5.) You can damage the charging port (some have internal data pin you can bend) or hypothetically laptop won't charge, but you didn't hurt hardware unless you maybe plug in 110/220Vac
Likely bad Dodge neon head gasket. You don't mention the year, but I'd Google recalls and class action. Anyways, by thinking it's under load you are getting exhaust gas into coolant. It shouldn't get hot that quickly unless somehow the water pump is slipping at higher rpm, (or exhaust gases)
Fans not working is overheating at low speed. Above 40mph the fan does little and hypothetically your temp gauge will drop.
A "flush" can cause problems. Major changes to viscosity can cause problems. Drain and fill likely helps but different fluids may have different friction modifiers. The internet issue is likely a dying transmission is going to die soon and changing fluid because of slipping transmission might make people associate the fluid change leading to failure, when doing nothing might have also failed
You either ordered the wrong thing and are lying. Or they refused to fix what you actually ordered and you dispute it with credit card and get free rims you sell
Only internet video idiots suck liquid into vac lines. You either killed your O2 or just needed to clear the code. Drive it a few drive cycle to see if code comes back. Google obd2 emissions drive cycle for your car make model
Disconnect new battery, reconnect on tues. Your keyless entry might drain some of the battery, you'll need full battery for staying and driving 2 miles.
Read the bottle instructions. You cannot really clean intake. (New egr, clean houses, remove valve cover? Remove and clean throttle body?) It's snake oil that regularly maintained cars do not need
Lies. You can drain and fill and replace over half the fluid without flushing. On older cars it's better
Take to mechanic if you cannot determine if you have air in coolant system. They sell kits if somehow you determine you might have exhaust leaking. https://itstillruns.com/test-exhaust-gases-coolant-7885485.html
I just don't understand. This is terrible numbers unless it doesn't involve heat sinks. Any solid state relay is 3x the voltage and 10x the current. I just don't understand who would use this over a coil relay or SSR
You need to review basics. Voltage sources typically cannot source current from their negative (anode ?). Let's say that is a bench supply. This wouldn't work. If it was a battery, you could assume the current source is charging the battery and dissipating heat in the resistor, but that assumes the current source works with those voltages. I think the exercise is to combine 1 ohm and voltage source into Norton equivalent.
Free speech? First of all free speech doesn't exist on the internet - a corporate run entity. Reddit is a corporation and can limit whatever speech they want. . The Tom cruise video was copyrighted product and laws in US, Europe, Canada all support the enforcement of copyright. Now you can argue Streisand effect is real. But you are a moron for not understanding what free speech is (govt cannot ban your speech... All corporations can always penalize you and limit whatever speech they want to, including firing you for your personal tweets when not at work) No one cares about you. No one is following you. You are just paranoid
You are an idiot. What does "you can say anything on the internet" even mean? You mean in FB, Reddit? No, no you can't. You can be moderated, you will be banned if you say certain things, your opinion can be censored and removed. There are literally terms of service. Heck the US government can seize your domain registration. Every government in the world can and does in most countries monitor can blackhole traffic. Tor exit nodes are majority controlled or monitored by three letter agencies. You are so clueless it explain why you think someone parked on the street means something. To bad you can't post on ESMB, you sound as paranoid and clueless as those dingbats
It's meaningless outside homework assignments. 0V current sources cannot deliver power. Infinite voltage sources are like dividing by zero.
If you buy this car, it's twelve years old. You don't spend thousands on paint and bodywork. If all you care about is pristine exterior look elsewhere. If you buy a car like this you just drive it, ignore the rust..(unless structural) and save money for other repairs like probably needs timing belt and water pump eventually.
Anyone that would steal from it could just put box in a duffle bag.
Daily worship https://media.thetab.com/blogs.dir/157/files/2017/10/poster-paper-flyer-brochure.png
BTW 90% of what it does is catch leaves and twigs. It's super cheap to get carbon filter for indoor furnace and cut out 4 squares for years worth of better than OEM.
Yep sand paper and clean grease with solvent then jbweld. And yes, stuff paper towel so you don't put dirt and crap in the hole
I'm confused. Why can't you idle for twenty minutes? That would melt anything within inches. Don't drive with flashing light. Check underside for broken wires, id check upstream O2, maybe there is unplugged temp sensor
It's obviously a chunk of snow if you zoom in
They can keep increasing the trade-in value as much as they want, but they are adding back in the price in interest or new car price. There are tons of guides online. Always negotiate the price without mentioning any trade in. Once they commit to a price you are happy with them ask about trade in. If you can afford to be prepared to private sell it, but it takes time and dealing with idiots. This is unpopular, but personally I would think hard about a used car to last 5 years, maybe even a lease. In 5 years the auto market will look drastically different. No Ford sedans, some mfg will be going all electric.
There grinding was the parking pawl trying to find the notch. You probably didn't do anything to "transmission" but maybe ground down the pawl. Definitely start using parking brake on hills.
http://www.obdii.com/drivecycleford.html (Note you don't have do them in order but at some point you must do X mins idle, go 45mph for X minutes, coast to a stop from 50mph, etc. The key is gas tank level and waiting for it warm up, and starting from cold then warning up again. They say 200 miles because usually in that trip you complete most of these, but you can do it in 30 mins if you know what computer is looking for) I suspect you have another problem and should read the codes and reset them yourself at an auto parts place. You could be damaging new cat if you have fuel trim issues Honestly if your only problem was p0420 and you really needed a new cat, he should have cleared code and no new light would ever pop up. Yes, if everything is working well the light should go away with completion of drive cycle and X number of starts
I hate everything about you and your advice... Lowering the car and add projector halogens... This sub should delete shit that isn't relate to actual useful car repair
First, was there warning lights on the dash that you ignored? Second did you read owners manual on how to check transmission fluid level? Where is it at? (Also check oil)
Possibility, your coolant is fine but your blend door is stuck to cold. Doesn't sound like the case. You could have failing water pump (squealing noise is bearing not belt), or slipping belt? But you would also notice your car is overheating (is it?) You could have air pockets in your coolant, have you checked coolant level? Potentially the thermostat is stuck open (?) But not sure how that fits your symptoms
There might be a fuse under hood you didn't check. You might have all of these things in common are from same BCM, and that is bad.
Jamb a potato in there and turn?
Probably bend the rim. Or potentially knocked off wheel weights if they had massive amount on one side.
It's that factory color? Could be paint job sprayed clear on lenses? Or more likely it is PPF bubbling off.
Car computer body control module.
It's very possible your heater core is clogged then (maybe with silicone lol), but the rest of the cooling can work fine. (Temp gauge) Heater core can get clogged with rust and crap, it's super super expensive to replace. Some cars they can access the pipes at firewall and flush or blow out with air. When cool I'd still look down rad cap to check it's full. The cap has spring to allow fluid to go out when hot and suck back in from reservoir, they can go bad or the hose can suck air.
That is correct. Your emissions ready status isn't a light but you can ready it with any obd2 reader. To pass smog after clearing codes you need to drive awhile and complete those different speeds and times. If not in CA, you can stop by car parts store and borrow obd2 reader and there is menu item called monitors
"other lights were on" If you want help diagnosing problems this is very key. Your car was telling you stuff like traction disabled or flashing engine light or whatever. The trouble codes will tell you more about transmission or what problem is
I switched from xom to tso or zin. I was backing away from a pack in vaults, suddenly I was leaving cloud trail. Next thing I know I had no god abilities and was in major penance. I had majorly drained a bunch of monsters thanks to xom.
Then devs should keep things consistent Dagger of Venom Dagger of freezing Dagger of bonus damage (or some clear word like bleeding)
Some clown took thousands of dollars and cannot fullfil his goals in even two years.. four years... They are either delusional, incompetent, or crooks. It was a shit KS and he had no business taking people's money. You don't get kudos for finally delivering after five years. You should have returned all the money after one if you are that clueless.
I welcome you to show any 5V supply that can sink current as shown here other than a battery or diode stack.
Guess it must be nice to live in a trust fund mentality where you recommend a 15 year old first car is BMW 5 series
&gt;In 2019, MINI sold a total of 5,978 new cars. BMW North America Sales are down 10%. I thought they are only going to sell electric mini. You'd have to be completely retarded to buy a mini. There won't even be parts in most states. In five years there will be very few people ever worked on them
Likely cam sensor. You need to find the other end of the wires, and why they had electrical tape. Maybe they melted or replaced with butt connectors. https://www.amazon.com/Camshaft-Position-Sensor-2002-2009-Genuine/dp/B00IVIPRF6/ref=asc_df_B00IVIPRF6/
Find a 12 yr old to do it, or stop by a dealership if you cannot manage to follow instructions https://www.toyota.com/connect/
Not true ethanol, gasoline and addictive will destroy any high pressure injection in modern diesels. Even in small amounts
Neutral safety switch (or whatever they call it on manual) is on clutch pedal. You cannot start engine without it depressed, in which case it didn't care where stick shift is
Battery light shouldn't be on unless the belt was slipping (I assume you still had power steering?) (Larger puddles can cause it). Or your alternator died. Low voltage might explain running jerky.
Read up, I said except for batteries and diodes. That's why ideal voltage source is silly without sanity checking. They shouldn't sink power
Clearly looks like someone never changed the cabin filter as well
Bad alternator at high rpm? Belt slipping? Buy a $5 voltage checker that plugs into cigarette lighter, will tell you alt voltage while driving. Lights shouldn't dim. We can assume with lights dimming your alt is bad or slipping or bolt with big cable is loose How old is belt?
If 20% void leads to overheating.. isn't that too much of edge case? I would think this would be acceptable. With perfect solder wouldn't you have problems with ambient being 30deg hotter?
Might be a valid comment if many that vhave volunteered their ideas and commits just to be ignored and run off by gatekeeping Illuminati of elder devs that decide what is best for players. Including but not limited to anything fun or make the game sightly winnable (mutations/bvc/ conj 🔥 plus polearms, recharge wand, etc) must be aggressively purged.
First of all nothing I said was incorrect. My point is actually that. Ideal voltage sources only exist in homework problems and aren't based in physics. I'm saying this example isn't based in physics as voltage sources typically provide power. In this example it is sinking power which only exists in batteries etc. I challenge you to find a bench power supply that will work as shown (other than the special case of one that simulates a battery. There is no physical physics based voltage source outside of homework that will work as shown except with diodes to dump incoming power
U think the wind patterns came from Southwest, so it wasn't lake effect snow
Confusing touch was a good spell, so like everything they must make it useless and undesirable. Every spell will eventually become gells gravitas.
Your site is useless on mobile. It is one hijacking link every single time main page loads. Worst kind of virus laden ad network.
You are nuts, this is my don't draft list. Even at a bargain wouldn't touch any of them except kamara. Might as well throw up Parker and njoku as great value pics as well. Don't touch any of these players.
That was the same as this year, and you wouldn't have made playoffs or started Williams the first ten weeks
Devs decided you shouldn't play that way. Don't play Ogre with club. Hence make it not optimally and very hard to get 2H club skill. It wasn't very long ago ogre were adept at clubs like a player might assume... BTW you got lucky then, because HO or Mi are nothing like ogre in terms of surviving
Ask him why he is using his own symbols for dependent voltage? (Current?) Sources.
Why do you keep spamming this site? The pop ads are terrible, NSFW, and the whole website is unusable on mobile. Just loading the main page hijacks mobile browsers into to worst crap. This site is literally aids because of the ads
If you don't have charging issues, it sounds like your engine stalled (only way to lose steering) I believe what happened is your car fuel trims were way out of whack (you probably get bad mpg). When you changed battery, you reset fuel trims to zero and the fuel trims are off engine to stalk at low rpm. I suggest you look for vacuum leaks, clean MAF with carb cleaner, maybe change air filter. Also check when you need to change spark plugs. In time it will relearn out of whack fuel trims and run like before. If you run defrost or A/C it might not stall.
Unplug MAF and make sure it runs way way worse when unplugged. If it sounds the same, maybe problem with maf
Your schematic is wrong, I doubt you built it that way, but on the right side diodes you have four wires come together without solder dot. That is when you should avoid lines that aren't three wires coming together. In your schematic you have two diodes between rails Use nfet instead and your bridge will work. Npn are current controlled.
Look closely green is not a band (rectangular stripe) Br blk gold gold Red red gold gold
Seriously try changing oil with synthetic 0w30 or 0w20, but if there is a vac leak it's probably that.
Toyota won't be running open loop this long (many starts without a DTC. There isn't one, so yes, unplugging MAF confirms MAF is working when engine runs bad. I never suggested replacing MAF just starting there because it take 5 seconds. Yes it is likely vacuum leak or unmetered air
Check fuse, might have overheated pump constantly cranking car with no fuel to cool. But hot pump might also blow fuse
The only benefit is a poor man's convertible (wind in your hair). A moon roof has little benefit but heat comes out faster, you could leave it open if it doesn't rain to prevent hot car.
Oil is cheap. Technically the low mark and high mark on dipstick for full oil is acceptable oil burn amount between changes. It's not uncommon what you are saying for 4000 miles. Just add more oil. It's like $3 per 1000 miles, not to bad.
Just tell them you are ocd and have money to waste, and they will gladly take it from you.
I'd bet money problem with your iacv. You won't notice problems at idle but at higher rpm it isn't closing and causing misfires
Except for a fiat... They will have destroyed jeep name in 2 years. They've already done so badly they aren't selling any thing but one model in US going forward
It's called a splash shield for a reason, not a drip tray.
It's a Ford, they don't make it to 100k. It's a mustang been driven like idiots that tore up transmission.
How can you afford a car in NYC? The insurance will be slight compared to cost for parking. What's wrong with bikes and transit
Starters make rev rev noise when starting not clicking. If it is clicking your battery is bad, low, or you need to tighten battery cables
Fixing car can't be more than 1/4 price of these used...
So your goal is to increase exhaust noise by 20dB (probably making it illegal). Why not just install a speaker under car for the extra noise. It leads to no improvement over OEM engineered exhaust.
Depends on regional refineries. E85 can mean anything from e15 to e80. It's mostly the same gas everywhere,
Learn to be an adult and maybe Google this. You've been driving it for years (probably illegally because CA requires you to get CA plates)... How do the plates get renewed? Is this all a mystery to you? Let's assume mommy and daddy have been paying registration renewal and sending you stickers... The car is then titled in IL. You can either transfer title (probably in person with a notary, maybe they can write bill of sale and sign titled over). You'd transfer title to CA and get smog. Then sell it yourself. I think you will have trouble selling car in sometime else's name titled out of state without smog.
Are you being serious? The US has secret ballot. The minute you give receipts of way to check your vote or link your name to your ballot we start getting employees fired for not voting how boss wants, people buying votes, etc. Sure it's illegal but it will happen and all elections will be bought
If it froze it likely cracked container and will leak out. Some have pump in bottom of reservoir. You should be able to add isopropyl to reservoir and it should mix in
If you didn't have the virus before the flight, you will be sick flying with so those infected. Let's hope the mortality isn't that bad
Pretty sure you should google it and find out it means ethanol blend up to 83% depending on season, cost of ethanol, refiners whims, and maximizing profits. It is often as low as almost 50% to 70% But most states pumps have disclaimer on pump small writing saying "at least 70% ethanol"
Doesn't work. Let's say each party controlled keys to combine to make master election key pair. They generate public and private keys for voters. At some level someone has access to decode how everyone voted. This gets leaked one year. Anyways for it to be meaningful crypto, someone can decode the entire thing otherwise you could have voters use nonsense signing and never be able to prove the vote recorded was wrong. Voters could claim it didn't record their vote, or they forgot their signing passphrase, or could lie and what would a court do? Also in this system, how can you prove the reporting website isn't reporting how you actually voted to voters, but tabulating completely different thing. It doesn't work with secret voting
Is this copy pasta? Are you from Alabama?
It is the definition of rational to stay away from Chinese students who are returning from China. They were in planes where one person likely was infected. They could all be sick in two weeks and contagious right now. If the US cared about stopping pandemics they would quarantine anyone that was in China for two weeks. Had nothing to do with race, everything to do with a fucking pandemic virus.
Oh you are the sad concern troll. Lol. Nice try keep on trolling with your faux outrage and weaboo crap
What rights do you think Israeli should have? Who gave it to them? The former country of Palestine? NATO?
It's fake from a bot or PR group. Learn what is a real person
Lol, bad troll. Yes people flying from China do have greater risk of carrying this new virus. I'd be saying Congo if it was ebola that broke out in Congo. Did you forget your username? Or you troll under too many accounts? Lol
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandate_for_Palestine You thinking there wasn't explains so much. (The borders and existence of Iraq, Iran, Israel are all equally made up, at least league of Nations recognized a historical people and culture of Palestine)
Ask Iraq, Iran etc
There is no existing county that stores voter names + votes
You are mistaking voter rolls which listed which primaries you voted in. Not which candidate, or if they voted for school bond Levy 4 etc
You only have 12 mp left and that is with 27 invo and 27 Evo. I don't think you have enough healing left in the game, and you are -cast.... So you can clear tomb:1.. but might be painful clearing the rest. Maybe enough makh kills quickly might keep you afloat....
Sittoos is Aladdin's. All the same stuff comes from the big commercial kitchen Aladdin's uses for all their restaurants
Same stuff same commercial kitchen (hummus, kebbe, grape leaves, baked goods etc). Same owners. Not sure how it can be a step up.
Ferris probably one of the best https://m.clevescene.com/scene-and-heard/archives/2015/12/23/dish-of-the-day-beef-shawarma-platter-at-ferris 99% of comments are talking about food from Aladdin's commercial kitchen https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.clevescene.com/cleveland/the-production-facility-and-bakery-behind-aladdins-40-restaurants/Content%3foid=9883696&amp;media=AMP%2bHTML
Kinda brilliant they are talking about the Aladdin's Chipotle concept as if it is different and like taza and sittoos are different. Even more brilliant than a single successful franchise brand
Elf3, Crypts, Abyss/Slime, Zot 1-4, Hell vestibule, Tomb:1 only, Zot:5, Pans, Hells (depending on resist) You can also dip into zig for stuff, but most people don't know when to exit soon enough. Usually you can haste &amp; blink twice and escape, but not if you already are slowed and below half health. You could argue when to do zot5. It can be deadly with teleport trap, or inability to smite toes, or kill OoF quickly. -tele might be a must now. Some people do zot5 first to see how badly mutated they are and bail on extended.
*curse is on two unrands (maybe also rarely on rand artefacts, have to check code). It means it curses on equip. Yes, you can immediately uncurse it and remove in 1 less turn. But everytime you equip it will curse.
Ambrosia and running might have saved the Gargoyle at least
Car-parts .com check junkyard near you. Just fyi color will likely never be exact match.
Where do you find uhauls? Auctions?
Husted lied and inflated that. As a journalist did you follow up with those numbers, criminal cases, get a list of those names and verify? That was a gop tactic and all the lies and numbers came from his buddies in Kansas. How many people were convicted for this illegal voting felony then?
That is a bold face lie. The newer ePollbooks are connected to internet, and can be used to turn voters away as their registrations disappear, or whole polling sites are closed as connection problems happen with no longer a paper backup. This also introduces a vector as the ePollbooks have to interface with master Central tabulation database (generate ballot style per voter precinct). They basically are connected at some point. Memory cards are also connected from voting equipment and plugged into tabulation servers. Anyone can hack the memory cards and infect the system that way. (That physical access would be voting machines left in church closets for weeks with no security but a sticker). Single poll workers, sometimes police drive alone with election materials to Central drop off locations, erc
Yes, all but 3 counties. ftp://sosftp.sos.state.oh.us/free/publications/website/maps/epollbook.pdf
There is only one side, the privatization of anything public that billionaires can make profit from. Enjoy the new NHS. Lol , enjoy your new free country
You will stuff our US chlorinated bleach chicken down your gobholes and enjoy it just like all the good beacons of healthy Americans do. It's all you will be able to get come next year
Out of the story of "Franklin County had the most in the state: 96 registered, 19 of which cast ballots." Only 7 were indicted. Of those that took the plea deal, they were fined $200, and are already off community control, having served no jail time.
I have anctedotal evidence that the best way to find the rune is low MR in elf and you get transported to it by helpful elves
That seems like too much $$. Don't forget you have to budget in $1500 to $2500 for a rebuilt NiMH traction battery because it's unlikely you get another 100k For most of these gen 1 &amp;2, you really only need to replace tires, oil, AGM battery in trunk, and wheel bearings. There was a recall or TSB on the inverter coolant pump. So at the very least if inquire if the inverter pump is newish (if it falls you can damage the inverter and three phase igbts) TBH you won't save that much on gas. It might get.. what 42mpg highway, some might get better. (Newer cars like Ecoboost, Hondas probably gets similar) If it were me, I'd get a $10 obd2 Bluetooth reader and an app, then check the extra PIDs for the High Voltage (traction) battery. You need to know lowest and highest cell voltage. (At a given charging or discharging current you need cells to be within 0.2V) and resistance. They should all read the same (20ish mOhms). While driving I'd check MG1 &amp; MG2 temps as that is indication of problems. Good cars. Bad in rust belt to work on bearings and brakes. Probably not ideal in hot places like TX. Check inverter coolant pump was replaced, check for any bearing noises (louder or quieter when highway speeds on curves.) Check date code sticker on AGM 12V battery in trunk (they are like$200). Tires are pricey if you stick with high load ones (get cheaper 165/75R14 with decent load rating, keep over 38psi) Do some reading on PriusChat forum
Go car-parts .com check local junkyard near you with matching dates. It's a range that will match like 99-03 or something
Had he changed batteries in the keyfob?
Walmart has a brand that is just rebranded Goodyear's for a lot cheaper
Drive it until it actual has expensive repairs. Spend money on some tires.
Did you use correct fluid?
Again devs just trying to undo something uv4 cheesed. What you really need is recall four lowest HP. Also what you need is a freeze ability to prevent a 3x3 bvc from being subject to following or recall. Then a unfreeze and recall ALL ability.
I wouldn't get legal advice online. It depends what is happening near or around same time as your arrest. They could tack on charges for wearing a mask while committing a crime. These don't even cover resisting arrest, assault or other questionable charges. Ironically, here is the KKK laws you could be charged with (felonies) http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/3761 Here are the laws regarding riots, failure to disperse, most being minor mis. to felonies http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/2917 Also, here is the failure to identify law in Ohio. (4th degree) http://codes.ohio.gov/orc/2921.29v1
Complete nonsense. They don't have the authority. They can only arrest you if there is actually a riot nearby (4 or more disorderly people). 3761.16 Areas threatened by riot may be cordoned off. The chief administrative officer of a political subdivision with police powers, when engaged in suppressing a riot or when there is a clear and present danger of a riot, may cordon off any area or areas threatened by the riot and prohibit persons from entering the cordoned off area or areas ***except when carrying on necessary and legitimate pursuits*** ... Effective Date: 07-01-1996.
I seen evil and shit camerawork. How da hell does your phone have palsy disorder? Maybe work video ever posted.
Yeah ok. Talk to Cleveland. 48 hrs of martial law, police tweeting that media cannot enter downtown... I'm sure dewine cares..
Marshall law isn't legal. There isn't currently a riot. There is no law supporting this. ORC 3761.16 "may cordon off any area or areas threatened by the riot and prohibit persons from entering the cordoned off area or areas except when carrying on necessary and legitimate pursuits "
" may cordon off any area or areas threatened by the riot and prohibit persons from entering the cordoned off area or areas except when carrying on necessary and legitimate pursuits " Print out ORC 3761.16 Tell them you see no evidence of a riot, and you are carrying on necessary business. They have no law to stand on with their homemade Marshall law.
Ok, please cite ORC or Cleveland ordinance this emergency order is legally allowed to prevent free travel to home or business? It's not legal, curfews are for evening hours, so what is this?
Auto correct, hence probably why it is capitalized
But this was an independent doctor the family lawyer paid to make a statement. They just reviewed the other autopsy and said, nope. The toxicology will be more telling them a paid OJ trial "expert"
No mention of the EMS that parked him for eight minutes doing nothing during cardiac arrest waiting for firetruck to show up. I think the bigger question is why you put a guy in an ambulance and then NOT drive him to an ER and sit on side of the road for like 12 minutes...
Careful, that is a paid report by OJ team. Their claims are based on what the family told them and what they saw on video. That is not independent autopsy. It was an independent report paid for by family lawyer.
When you are going down the road vibrating, throw it in neutral, obviously don't do this you should be under control at all times. But in neutral you will feel transmission or tire issues. If just revving the engine causes it, it's very likely harmonic balancer, bent pulley or motor mounts
Likely a thermal conductive epoxy.
Here is the mayor emergency order. https://t.co/5sqwkip8vY?amp=1 If you are anywhere mapped, you can be arrested or car towed. Exceptions for residents heading to dwelling, travel for medical reasons, or business hours with work ID. Though, the mayor doesn't really have the authority under ORC 3761.17 so likely a judge would have to throw out any charges unless you are around 4 or more people disturbing the peace
Ok thnx. Too bad the fire engine couldn't find the ambulance for 8 mins
Check nytimes video. The EMS loaded him up after that 8 mins and left (crowd? Police told them?) Then firetruck showed up but couldn't find ambulance because EMS stopped because of cardiac arrest.
That's Ohio revised code. I don't think there is Cleveland ordinance to allow mayor to shut down city for 48 hrs with no actual reason
If you want to confirm, pop hood and have someone rev engine in park and see if the engine is jumping
Papers please.
Google maps, look for anything green. Try side streets
No it's not legal short of martial law. The only thing relevant is 3761.16 Areas threatened by riot may be cordoned off. The chief administrative officer of a political subdivision with police powers, when engaged in suppressing a riot or when there is a clear and present danger of a riot, may cordon off any area or areas threatened by the riot and prohibit persons from entering the cordoned off area or areas except when carrying on necessary and legitimate pursuits...
Yes. Literally, everything happening now is doubly your fault
You deserve it. You dumb fucks didn't nothing when Hillary fucked over Bernie and voted for trump
Welcome to the democratic party you gnat
Talk to gov of Ohio. Cancelled elections despite court rulings
This is fake and from years ago. How stupid is op?
It's from 2015. Go fuck yourself. /u/bhumimplant https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/floyd-instruction-manual-protesters/
Stop. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/floyd-instruction-manual-protesters/
You need a blue ribbon around the whole thing in the middle choking it
Did anyone bang some pipes recently? Rust can for for awhile. If it is large apt building, lots of reasons. Unlikely that coming from municipal water. Also, is it just cold water, or hot? Hot comes from water tank which might be very rusty and chunk of rust might have fallen in.
Why is he directing people to gather picnic tables and barricades?
These same arguments also mean that blacks in Ohio are dying less from covid.. so what does that mean? Cuyahoga county is 40% black, but only represent 24% of deaths. Does that mean black neighborhood hospitals are better? https://www.ccbh.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/COVID-19-Press-Slides-5.29.2020_FINAL.pdf (The reality is &gt;60% of deaths in Ohio are prisons and nursing homes, so likely nursing homes that were hot spots were mostly white)
Ok boomer. Let's hope you are describing carbon monoxide and not the reality of your technical prowess.
But which group is glueing on pubes?
What about the other two trucks being stood on
It's almost like it was written by cop agent provocateurs. It's like people learned nothing from occupy wall street, environmental activists, etc.
Just so you, you have to be careful with loudspeakers in Columbus Columbus Ordinance 2329.11 Need to limit to 75dB before 10pm, also if the protest actually took out a permit for a march or pretest location, there are restriction to sound amplification.
Uh.. that is for white people, duh.
It's the same model because one you talk about Veb, the other is Vbe, etc
Can you say union contract. Lol, you are clueless
Dewine don't care, sue him. You can open water parks or cedar point tomorrow... But there won't be any water slides or rides. https://www.toledoblade.com/local/Coronavirus/2020/05/11/coronavirus-shutdown-idles-state-amusement-ride-inspectors/stories/20200511066 Nothing is inspected in Ohio to date.
Legally they have 30 days.. I know KI submitted inspection request. I'm not sure if ODA could claim they don't have the budget... Sec. 1711. (A)(1) No person shall operate an amusement ride within the state without a permit issued by the director of agriculture under division (A)(2) of this section. The owner of an amusement ride, whether the ride is a temporary amusement ride or a permanent amusement ride, who desires to operate the amusement ride within the state shall, prior to the operation of the amusement ride and annually thereafter, submit to the department of agriculture an application for a permit, together with the appropriate permit and inspection fee, on a form to be furnished by the department. **Prior to issuing any permit the department shall, within thirty days after the date on which it receives the application, inspect each amusement ride described in the application.** Now I know many courts have ruled even against habeas corpus because of covid. I'm pretty sure OGA could claim they are behind because of covid and the layoffs. I'm surprised KI haven't filled mandamus action on inspections, but maybe they are being inspected so it is moot. Cedar point I don't think will have the staff to open. Edit - while not legally binding, there is expedited inspections &gt;As used in division (E)(1) of this section, "expedited inspection" means an inspection of an amusement ride by the department not later than ten days after the owner of the amusement ride files an application for a permit under this section.
Regarding fines... Shockingly the maximum fine would be $5000. Lol
One your 12V agm battery is toast. You just cannot leave it for weeks without disconnecting. Keyless entry drains it. Second, the 12V batter t does little in the car but run the traction batter contactor and radio and fan when car is off. The clicking is highly problematic because once the traction battery contractor flips it runs off that and shouldn't ever click. Maybe you heard relays and contactor trying to click and not some type of engine noise. You also do not have a starter motor that makes clicking noise. You best bet is to try a 1A battery charger overnight on the 12V in your trunk. Otherwise replace.
Who else do you know who welds for under$100? Why did you even post this?
I think it is abs sensor harness because of twisted pair. Does speedometer work?
They have to say this stuff because to them it is a big deal. Average citizens don't realize police have ZERO obligation to help anyone. You'd think since they are paid by tax dollars to serve, they might. But, no, police all know this. Zero legal requirement to respond to you getting attacked, or drowning, or calling 911. Upheld in court many many times. &gt;The Supreme Court has repeatedly held that the government has only a duty to protect persons who are “in custody,”
Please Google requirements to register people to vote. They changed laws of you take forms. You can hand applications people mail in themselves, but it changes if you help them resignation and keep the form. As you may know many GOP groups collected registrations and threw them in the garbage
High and 12th https://itscameras.dot.state.oh.us/images/CMH/High-Twelfth.jpg Downtown https://itscameras.dot.state.oh.us/images/CMH/Broad-Third.jpg
Right but I'm saying there are requirements. Like if you are paid, you might also have to register your name, timelines, I can't remember if there is signature verification...
https://www.ohgo.com/columbus
The crowd is currently here https://itscameras.dot.state.oh.us/images/CMH/Front-Nationwide.jpg
You are a fucking idiot and we all need to remove people like you from the internet. The cop pushed an old man so hard he stumbled backwards and fell hitting his head. Yes technically gravity did it, but how the fuck can you watch that and they didn't push him to the ground.
"they didn't push him to the ground" What exactly is on the video? They push him? You can agree on that. They shoved him hard enough so he stumbles backwards. You can agree with that at least? The old man falls and smashes his head open. You sir are the liar.
Remember you have to check how low the pressure goes to like 3000 rpm (in addition to idle at X ambient temperature). And there is low and high clutch cutoff switches
Stop with the bad apples bullshit. The phrase bad apples means all the rest of the apples become rotten with presence of few bad apples. All cops are complicit with the blue line, allowing the abuse by "a few bad apples".. 50+ Buffalo cops resigned in support of two assholes that shoved a 75 year old man.
Time and place restrictions... Learn your Constitution. (Such as climbing over barricades)
No. You can look at good Samaritan laws or [duty to rescue](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duty_to_rescue). In some states, medically trained people might have an obligation. &gt;Good Samaritan statutes in the states of Minnesota,[29] Vermont[30] and Rhode Island[31] do require a person at the scene of an emergency to provide reasonable assistance to a person in need. But typically this only applies to caretaker, parent-child, doctor-patient, sometimes guard-prisoners Hard to say a case like this counts as emergency. It would be their normal duties.
You try starting fluid? That will rule out carb issues.
He was clearly in custody. (Cuffs, not free to leave, put in back of cruiser, clearly under arrest) When they sat him against a wall and questioned him (cuffed) you might argue he was detained. When they walked him across the street to a cruiser after 5 mins of questioning, he was clearly under arrest.
Lots of other reports covering this paper. https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3944712 It sounds like a bunch of old men trying to promote their bio firm. Every scientist said the genome is so one of a kind, it very likely wasnt man-made. This guy says the spike is unique... Ergo... But reality is anyone making a virus would cut and paste from existing virus
I dunno. Miranda v. Arizona (1966) Look at how custody is treated there re: questioning. Then look at SCOTUS language on police duty to prevent harm only applies to some in custody.
If the two officers (legs and back) had instead arrested a man, put him in back of cruiser with another suspect who proceeded to strangle the man to death in their presence, what would the charge be? Their only defense now is chain of command or training officer as authority figure. Though how can the 4 day on the job guy (1) claim to not know MN duty of care laws and (2) how was this their training officer when he arrived in different cruiser...
You know how many cities cancelled their $20k etc fireworks. Not to mention baseball games. I'm guessing the fireworks factories are doing anything to make money.
Lol. What maga-licking fat farmboy marine wannabe eats at Northstar? Lolol
Well.. there is his name ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
&gt;This paper establishes NRP-1 as a secondary host factor for SARS-CoV-2 infection after ACE2. NRP-1 should be further explored as a potential target for pharmacological intervention for patients with COVID-19. Wikipedia NRP1 &gt;Neuropilins are transmembrane glycoproteins, first documented to regulate neurogenesis and angiogenesis Recent studies have shown that Neuropilins are multifunctional and can partner with a wide variety of transmembrane receptors.
Watch the video. He could have run people over. He was driving pretty slowly and stopped for the metal object they pushed in the road. The guy that got shot reached in his open car window and was assaulting him before he was shot. But why get out and brandish gun, then try to hide in crowd put hoodie up and start running? Also he has what looks like illegal magazine? The car has wash plates and what looks like a to-order meme licence plate frame "TOGETHER WE ARE STRONGER"
Plate frame looks meme level.
That isn't true. He was stopped completely when the black protester reached in his open window and was assaulting the driver. Fact, if he wanted to run people over, he could have along the entire street. He stopped at the barricade. His windows would be up if he was planning to drive into a crowd.
Watch the video. He's waiving stopping at his hip....
Ironically he is.
So random noise.. that's useful to know
That's my take. I'm shocked the crowd didn't lynch him. What seems odd, he didn't walk back up the street or away from the large crowd.
Do you realize what you are saying? That phrase now represents alt right domestic terrism. Google it if you are that ignorant on boogaloo bois
Call the police on them for their loud party! Come on Reddit, do your nanny thing
Have you been to Germany? Actually UK, though no longer part of Europe is about on par with US, but they use the term immigrant or refugee, and it's acceptable racism that way.
What percentage of all these young people protesting and marching will actually register (or check their registration) to vote, AND actually vote by mail or in person in Nov? *(Hint: it's less than [half](https://i1.wp.com/millennialpolitics.co/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/Brookings-Turnout.jpg) )*
Well you gotta admit Palestinians are the BLM of Israel... Same treatment by police, ghettoizing, economic treatment, might as well have jim crow laws...
1980 amendment to Israel's Nationality Law, Palestinians are strictly legal citizens of the State of Israel ... Anyways, the plight of black Americans, policing approaches, right to vote, economic disparity, and relocation of communities by white Americans is very applicable to what is being done to Palestinians. I suggest you take some Black History courses.
Uh.... Yeah of course you have to start with clamp meter. Heating elements change resistance with temp. The do get old and increase resistance. But a good connection with tight bolt or crimp is important. You could try noalox depending on if there is connection spot that doesn't get hot It's also possible two of your elements burned up
As much as I never shop at giant eagle, they used to have a clear bag of ?in house? Tortilla chips up by the deli area. They were surprisingly good
Looks too clean.
Boogaloo Bois are Chinese?
Is that a scr? Why do this pnp have 4 terminals? Why is gnd on top, 12V on bottom and pnp upside down? Why are chips gnd outputs across multiple batteries making them in parallel?
That's not how it works. All courts have consistently said there are time &amp; place resistrictions for free speech. You as individual have a right to free speech. A group of a thousand have more restrictions. If you filed all the property protest march paperwork they likely could not give orders to disperse unless there was violence. Most cities and states have laws regarding groups of 5 or 10 or more people being riots when there is any violence or property damage. Ironically most of those laws go back to klan and lynching. They have a right to disperse crowds if there is violence. That's the main reason cops dress like protesters and become agent provocateurs. Have you never heard of freedom pens and other nonsense in the past like g8 summits? Or rnc protests? How are you this new to what they've been doing for decades.
Sounds way way too low. Minimum 900 to do proper paint job
Sssshhh.. morons are still debating veracity. They don't realize it's a joke like the reddit part.
First, clear crypt. Second, that character could survive vaults:5 where you will find all the loot. I'd carry that ring rC+from elf and stop raining polearms .. no... Why. Search rF+ you might have missed a scarf or something.
Anyone else notice they have l=0.4636 lambda and l=0.426 lambda One they divide by 2pi...
&gt;This analysis shows that, as of April 19, COVID-19 case rates were significantly higher in zip codes with higher rates of arrest and released jail inmates. Wow, who would have guessed that letting SARS-2 spread in jail then realising people increases spread.
You might try words because you failed to show anything meaningful with video.
VW probably spent $1B in r&amp;d to design the car including air flow, filter size, acoustics, dampening, etc. But yeah, I'm sure your research team came up with a good reason for slapping a $70 air filter under your hood.
The sub should ban discussions of illegal activity. You likely have a state or local ordinance against this, vehicle code doesn't allow this noisy bullshit, I'm pretty sure it also violates NHTSA emissions laws...
Drill adapter, pop rivet to arm?
It's pretty easy to build your own adapter if you get a length of 14/7 SOW/SOOW ($2/ft) just look up which colors go where, usually marked on the connector.
Agreed, security light on dash or NSS can act this way. Doesn't hurt to make sure the brake lights are coming on when you step in pedal
The red triangle of death came on. That means your engine isn't going to stay running to charge battery.. If your cat isn't missing, pull the battery plug in trunk and reset stft and ltft (fuel trims). Make sure oil isn't over filled. But that cat is super prized target and... You better check health insurance, you will have a stroke of you find out what replacement cat costs.
They used to make copper radiators. (Well copper-brass) You can dig around junkyards that have 70s and 80s stock. CSF makes them for Jeep's. Looks like if you want to blow a $thousand they make copper brass for forklifts
Rose Tico is all you need to solo.
750.419 Operating or riding motorcycle; moped, or other motor vehicle on bicycle path or sidewalk; misdemeanor; exception. Sec. 419. A person who operates or rides a motorcycle, moped, or other motor vehicle, excepting motorized wheelchairs upon a bicycle path or a sidewalk regularly laid out and constructed for the use of pedestrians, not including a crosswalk or driveway, is guilty of a misdemeanor. Odd they would arrest someone parked the wrong way, but not this asshole cop in clear violation of the law. (Note that driving on wrong side is only MCL 257.634(4) A person who violates this section is responsible for a civil infraction.... Not sure what a parking ticket is.)
It wasn't a traffic stop. It was a parking infraction. Even if they waited for him to drive away and cite him for driving in wrong side of road, it's a civil infraction, not criminal. Watch the video, where are you getting this 11 times?
At any given node all the currents sum to zero. Take any node (v1) and sum all the currents equal to zero. What is the current? (Voltage at node minus other side of resistor)/R (V1 - 18)/R1 + (V1 - 0)/R4 + (V1 - 0)/R5 = 0 The only other thing you need to know is series resistors add. (R5 = R2 + R3)
mA is milliamp with lower case. Not mills or milla or mega M You can also use a 9V battery, should get approx 400mAh from it, or 10hrs min per battery.
~~Not sure if it is that random. Maybe you could add a NTC element so it changes osc frequency slightly based on ambient temperature.~~ oh nm, it's random because it never resets the counter, so it's rolling over to another random number.. pretty smart. Also, probably saves some current, but why not gate the clock input? You could also pwm the npn on led cathode and have variable brightness.
Nice sedan! A classic
Honestly shocking. In the US a guy talking off his jacket and squaring up in a fighting stance... Wouldn't have lasted like that.
Just watch the video and quit posting your nonsense
Sadly read the account.. the "good" cop punched him in the face and grabbed his jaw trying to break it.
Did you read the section labeled COMMENTS. Why are you wasting people's time? Just read the comments from UOA
Body shop. Probably $700 to respray
Depends if it is plastic or metal. Looks like panel between door and wheel well. The yellow stuff should rub off, car stuff or magic erase. The grey scratches look like metal... Would need to be sanded, painted, cleared. Watch some YT videos to decide if you want to try a $30 job yourself with some wet sandpaper etc
I thought a taser was not lethal. Why shoot someone dead if he grabbed a non lethal weapon?
Came here to post that. WTF is chicken broth the most f-ed up thing in photo.
Wtf, it is like a Benetton ad of criminals Aryan, Mohammad, Pochmurski, Jalai, Liu, Sanchez, Dragomir, Yimer
Yes you are
There is a plastic radiator cap housing with a barb, and a hose (not wire) that goes to overflow reservoir. If it is cracked your radiator won't hold pressure and likely will spray coolant when it warms up. You need to check under rad cap and add coolant. You might be able to make it 20 mins driving under 45 mph if you keep an eye on temp gauge. Fan noise might be battery slammed into radiator and now radialtor fan is rubbing shroud or radiator.
Start looking being the hood lever by your knee. See if the plastic broke, or if you can feel/see cable moves when you pull lever.
It is exactly like the flu if you were hospitalized with flu and pneumonia. Exact same diminished lung function. SARS-CoV-2 is just a hundred times more infective. Last year through Jan. &gt;15 million cases of flu, 140,000 hospitalizations, and 8200 deaths in the US this influenza season
What's your point? They were saying diminished lung capacity. I was pointing out every year a huge number hospitalized and have diminished lung capacity after flu hospitalization
A camera bot also drops down and will fly around to close up on different band members.
Want your mind blown, the blue print under Exchange in guild menu is a stun gun. Not a coincidence it's limiting factor for farming, it was designed that way from beginning.
What planet do you live on? He wrestled with two cops and ran away with a taser. Uh, yeah boss, I let him take the taser home, I'm sure you won't be mad I lost a weapon to a suspect, so I let him go home and sleep it off.... The real issue is the video clearly shows Rayshard pointing the taser back at the cop and from what little sparks show probably pulling the trigger. Rayshard was still running away and mostly just pointed one arm back towards the cop. I doubt a jury will convict.
I think you should use synthetic and add new oil when it's below middle of stick. And you should check oil more often.
What the fuck planet do you live on where you don't know if you point a weapon at a cop chasing you they will unload their gun. I'm not saying it's right, but who doesn't know this is the reality of it. I could point you to probably a hundred videos of cops shooting people because of wallet in hand, phone, etc. It's not right, but you are really really stupid if you point a taser at a cop and squeeze the trigger like this guy did. Sadly, jury will acquit. This is the reality of current system.
You know how many dogs have been shot to death by cops, most of them friendly or tied up? Yeah they are pussies. How's is this news.
Looks like your left control arms are pretty bad. (Bushings? Spring worn?) I expect you left tire to wear pretty bad because of camber. Why is caster that close to zero? It's old enough where new tires early is cheapest solution probably
Trap rework will remove all teleport traps, but all players start with teleportitis 2.
I'm pretty sure if you change your stop warning to 80% health you would be more aware you have to run away from something like komodo that just did 40 dmg.
Nerfing golden cloud made it pointless. The wall jump prompt is just proof the devs are making it shitty on purpose. The default was prompt, rcfile options to make it automatic. Now it's a pointless ability menu... Just get rid of WJC now, all provides you with is 1 square cblink, and a temporary slay +5 as full piety reward...
Oh, show me the stats of how overpowered the golden cloud was, clearly making the game EZmode like some sort of insta-kill spell.. (which clearly doesn't belong in the game).. There is no good justification for pinning removal. You could still get ranged or spell attacks and only slightly slower escape from single monster.
Question... Are you avoiding any uniques, it killing all the ones you encounter? It's not like you can seek out specific ones exempt a small handful like Dissolution. They either generate or don't. Anyways I don't see it listed anywhere, probably you can conjure up a command with !lm 0.25 unique Also you could probably modify the python here in loaddb.py https://github.com/crawl/dcss_tourney/ Go your tourney page, wget all the morgues, run python script the spit out uniques.
•••raises hand•••• Eww eww pick me!! Pick me!
Go to top of /r/rbi
Oh they deleted it.. https://www.reddit.com/r/rbi/comments/ha56ly
Likely if they are on ventilator they have full on cytokine storm which is what leads to their death. Many people on oxygen might just be elderly or have comorbidities combined with covid lead to their death. &gt;Dexamethasone is a long-acting, systemic corticosteroid; its potency is about 25 times greater than the short-acting products Reduces swelling, inflammation, immune response.
No.. one group with no medicine and ventilator died at X rate. A group with medicine and ventilator died at smaller rate (0.65X). The effect was less significant for oxygen only groups. Meaning the death rate was closer to the same. But clearly ventilator cases have much higher death rates, as patients are in much worse off.
pipelinereview(dot)com/index.php/2020061775019/Small-Molecules/Low-cost-dexamethasone-reduces-death-by-up-to-one-third-in-hospitalised-patients-with-severe-respiratory-complications-of-COVID-19.html For future reference, I know it's hard being gen Z, but the rest of us copy and paste sentences into Google if you want to find the source of a quote or statistic. recoverytrial net paper was online, might be down now. recoverytrial(for)net/files/recovery_dexamethasone_statement_160620_final.pdf
No. Google "SARS virus pangolin" for volumes and volumes of conjecture. Check Wikipedia if you want to learn about pangolins
&gt;FINDINGS: Of 1,824 adults hospitalised with COVID-19 (mean age 49.0 years, standard deviation 19.0 years; female 59%), 354 were NSAIDs users and 1,470 were non-users. Compared with non-use, NSAIDs use was associated with increased risks of the primary composite outcome (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.21-2.24) and of cardiovascular or renal complications (OR 1.87, 95% CI 1.25-2.80).
&gt;Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is an acquired and potentially life-threatening thrombophilia in which patients develop pathogenic autoantibodies (aPL) targeting phospholipids and phospholipid-binding proteins. 172 hospitalized patients, half had similar signs based on antibody testing...
Nope. I linked to quotes from the paper and the actual paper. Press release and nature article are different. But thanks for trying. Why did you make your comment?
UK currently has quarter million doses in stock. Apparently it is very easy to ramp up production. One company in Brasil makes 2M doses/month currently. It costs very little to make, so if you need 1M pills you just make like 6kg of the base drug.
No. Likely this wouldn't be a treatment unless you are very sick. The proportion of people who get covid, then get sick enough for O2, then get sick enough for ventilators is a subset of all deaths. The total death rate should go down some amount, probably more than 5% but less than 30%
It's 2000 patients given the drug vs 4000 not given the drug. Death rates compared. There is more than a press release of anyone bothers to read the paper.
A dozen of her friends made out with the same dude at this nightclub
Supreme court has consistently indicated they police have zero obligation to respond to 911 calls, anything they see, someone getting stabbed in front of them, etc) Police have absolute immunity and zero obligation to either protect or serve (** Some states have laws about qualified trained persons responding to emergencies / and/or duty to intervene.. Lot of good that did in MN with three officers allowing someone to kneel on a neck for 8'46")
It's pretty obvious at this point that corticosteroids do help if you are in full blown cytokine storm. Even if you have breathing problem with no improvement after weeks.
That's your small minded comments. Over and over. Data is there. Sorry bout your ideology. 6000 patients ...
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warren_v._District_of_Columbia &gt;police do not owe a specific duty to provide police services to citizens based on the public duty doctrine https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maksim_Gelman_stabbing_spree#Lozito_v._New_York_City &gt;NYPD officer Terrance Howell testified that he hid from Gelman before and while Lozito was being attacked because Howell thought Gelman had a gun &gt;Judge Margaret Chan dismissed Lozito's suit ... agreed that police had "no special duty" to protect Lozito. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Town_of_Castle_Rock_v._Gonzales &gt;United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ruled, 7–2, that a town and its police department could not be sued under 42 U.S.C. § 1983 for failing to enforce a restraining order, which had led to the murder of a woman's three children by her estranged husband Etc etc Lots of case law
You shouldn't be dripping oil at idle. Find out where it's leaking from. Could be simple valve cover gasket. Google p0441. Could just be needing new gas cap. If engine runs and transmission is good, probably good deal.
Fuel line, fuel filter, fuel rail..
I don't AAA replaced with proper AGM battery.... If disconnect the trunk battery, wait until codes clear, start it up. Let it idle for 10 mins, go for short drive. Also clean MAF, change oil, make sure oil is no where near top full line!! Check tire pressures.
Yes. Same size drain plug. Oil is from oil pan. Transmission fluid from transmission.. You just fucked up twice
Lol. Who doesn't know degrees/minutes/seconds... Gen Z is really screwed.
Just stop. 37 was the "rookie" 26 was black cop, on force over a year. 34 was Hmong guy doing crowd control, on force over a decade.
degrees (°), minutes ('), seconds ('') But yeah time is generally 00:00:00. Except if you weren't a gen Z kook who never ripped their own mp3
Sorry. Cops in US exist to collect fines (tickets, court cost, indirect overtime) and seize money https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_forfeiture_in_the_United_States Zero obligation to do anything for the public.
Oh crap bro, most official groups use 97 as birth year. Guess I missed by what 18 months from technically being gen Z
He's a 37 year old man. Not some kid. He's been around enough on the planet like every reasonable person to know that dude was getting dead. He also just finished his oath. He just finished his academy. He just read Minneapolis policy on use of force. He didn't call anyone. Here didn't do anything. 37 year old grown ass man
If your car doesn't have smog/emissions testing you can ignore it. It might be someone didn't tighten gas cap, etc. You won't know until mechanic investigates. Could be bad canister from someone adding gas after pump shuts off, etc
Dear millennial.. once upon a time, Google maps didn't exist. You used to get directions to someone's address and often looks like what is in your photo. Maybe you cannot read English because of standardized testing, but why not just read it? Manchester (Massachusetts?) Ave -&gt; Atlantic Ave -&gt; make a left -&gt; 5 blocks on the right (Note the address is room #20 at 120 Atlantic Ave) Likely one parent was staying at a Ramada hotel in Atlantic City and was meeting up with an old friend of having an affair. The book was with them on the trip and they forgot to remove directions. People back then read paper books and used slips of paper as bookmarks. The pages might be missing because they rolled monster sized joints in the 70s.
Looks like they had quite the large welder. I don't think that's too bad other than spring steel don't like the molten red goodness they applied. Better than bailing wire. I'm pretty sure if you did a YT video seeing which fails first on your axle, it won't be that monstrosity.
tl;dr Cgd can be split into input Cg and output Cd knowing Miller gain (1+gm Rd) Increase input total Rg to reduce dV/dt current. https://image.slidesharecdn.com/frequencyresponse-150520175424-lva1-app6892/95/frequency-response-19-638.jpg Thank you for detailed discussion of other methods like negative Vgs, and clamping. I've mostly seen the effect for analog, hadn't considered implication for say an H-bridge
Let it sink in that all those pictures you've seen of masses protesting in major US cities.... 6 out of 10 of those people are too fucking lazy to vote
No. You may not do what you want. You spent 30 minutes typing up this insisting on your must obey black leaders and for what they are doing. Follow their lead, even if it is breaking the law or property violence.
The plug in the wall isn't magic. Typically the wall plugs lead to cables in the other end in basement or closet somewhere. You need Router port 1 -&gt; eth cable -&gt; wall (inside wall cable) -&gt; basement -&gt; switch or female to female interconnect -&gt; wall (inside wall to upstairs) -&gt; eth cable -&gt; computer
What the fuck u gonna do when it vibrates out going down the road and leaks completely in 30 seconds? But a $2 plug kit and plug it. Glob some silicone and tighten it up?
Yeah. Congress people can afford pools. Why can't people leave them alone with their burden of needing pool boys they rent to keep them looking nice.
&gt;We noticed three subjects to carry antibodies recognizing SARS-CoV-2 N protein at certain time points. It is unlikely that they had been infected with a SARS-CoV-2-like virus in 1985 (subject # 10), 1992 (subject #2), or 2006 (subject #9), and we therefore suggest that broadly recognizing antibodies may have been induced by coinciding infections of an Alpha- and a Betacoronavirus (in our subjects HCoV-HKU1 and HCoV-NL63). To explore this finding we looked at the genetic distance and consequently amino acid differences in the structural protein of the various coronaviruses (supplementary Table S2). SARS-CoV-2 N protein has only 32% and 34% identity on the amino acid level with the N protein of HCoV-OC43 and HCoV-HKU1 respectively, and only 26% and 24% identity with HCoV-NL63 and HCoV-229E respectively. Similarly, the distance between Alphacoronavirus and Betacoronavirus N protein is large (only 24% to 26% amino acid identity). Still, we cannot exclude the presence of conserved (conformational) epitopes in HCoV-HKU1 and HCoV-NL63 N protein that may result in a more broadly acting antibody response, due to simultaneous exposure in concurrent infection This matches pretty well with the theory that many asymptomatic cases are because of past HCoV infection and immunity.
No it's fine to change between them
LTspice.
Yeah blood acidity. Wtf, why does B have better microbiome https://journals.physiology.org/doi/full/10.1152/physiolgenomics.00043.2017 &gt;There were no statistically significant differences between age, sex, race and ethnicity, and FUT2 genotype in those with a blood group A, B, O, and AB (P &gt; 0.05, all). There was one paper https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22672382/#:~:text=CONCLUSIONS%3A%20Our%20novel%20finding%20indicates,of%20personalized%20nutrition%20and%20medicine. &gt;Specifically, the microbiota from the individuals harbouring the B antigen (secretor B and AB) differed from the non-B antigen groups and also showed higher diversity of the Eubacterium rectale-Clostridium coccoides (EREC) and Clostridium leptum (CLEPT) -groups in comparison with other blood groups.
Anything is possible.. but the engine is from a [2002 ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chrysler_PowerTech_engine)) I'm sure you considered the transmission, PCM, mounts, redoing everything from rad, oil cooler, air intake, upgrading brakes, all new exhaust... (In general, if you have to ask, then there answer is no)
It can't be cheap with authentic carbon fiber patterned vinyl wrap!
I can't find any of those R16 or even the R18 winter with severe snow ratings that cost close to that much. I guess you paid $150 for reach rim (?). Which begs the question, where did you store 4 wheels (rim &amp; tire)? And why couldn't you have just stored the old all seasons tires instead of buying 4 rims? And I really shudder to think you had 4WD.. Autosock costs $100.
You cannot lash upstairs. Those movements will cost you 25 aut and you end up with lash(1) at top of stairs. You are trying to get people killed as they get smited/smoted attempting to go up stairs. Honestly, how can anyone say two free movement spaces is best of anything?! Gee what god ability could be better? Hmmm.. how about sanctuary.. what is that 25 free spaces. Apocalypse? Shadow form? Pretty much every God has better panic abilities. WoW two moves?! Such escape..
Play as frog then if it is so OP. Or Ru has 5MP leap... Or.. a level 1 blink spell can accomplish same gap with less reliability. (Or other transloc force Lance, golub, tele others) Formerly fan of gales was just as good of a tool.
Lol.. I was like you don't see a lot of blackbirds in Central Park.
5 star BS lvl 75 plus a G7 Hoda destroyed my best team
Wouldn't hoda fit in there?
What happens when both teams have JKL? Does everyone speed get set to slowest Luke? Send like you want slowest speed JKL and speed on your team.
&gt;There were 155 studies that satisfied inclusion criteria, with 130/155 (83.9%) reported from China and 25 (16.1%) reported from 13 other countries (Afghanistan, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Scotland, Singapore, Spain, Taiwan, UK, the USA, and Vietnam). Papers through 27 March Mostly treatments tried in China. Like "as herbal and traditional medicine were used in 693 patients (7.6%)." Not sure how useful this is when you don't know ages, severity or what day they started administering drugs.
&gt;the logical connection between these conjectures “gives us some confidence that even though these statements are made on a conjectural sense, there may be universal truth behind them.” Pretty much sums it up.
Ummm.. why not stormtrooper?! Lobot brings in about 20 of them.. https://www.starwars.com/video/refreshments
They won't say it in the paper for some reason, but this was cancelled Juneteenth celebration which is large in Syracuse, but no permits this year because of coronavirus
Don't waste any materials on those. Only Geo's or clone troopers. Only spend on dark side ships until you start collection zeta from fleet event
No in Syracuse.
His kid was one of the first drag queens and some how him dressing in full ladies outfits was a form of entertainment there. Madame Pattirini
Like father, like [son](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/B._Morris_Young)
Are you serious? Gee what could make a car move with no engine running? Give you a minute to think. .... Your starter solenoid is either stuck in or relay welded closed (or you hooked up starter wrong) and when 12V is applied the starter turns flywheel. As to lurching. Maybe sure you get wheel chocks or fix parking brake. If it's a manual it isn't in neutral. If it's automatic.. maybe bad parking pawl.
No. but you might want to try to loosen that star rotor retaining screw and slap on anti seize... Because in a year or two it will make you cry.
See how left side rotated different than right? The belt snapped internally.. not knives
HO are just playing strong. But odd choice for faded when you could just find early Beogh. Anyways, try fedhas with high invo!
Wait... Hold on they are saying balding people die from covid? Might as well publish a paper saying aging is a risk factor as well. The percentages shown for covid alopecia amazingly match % balding old people...
In the meantime you can start a new game on another server and it will count. Might have to create username the same on other server.
"NO type of manipulation" is a lie. Of course GOP has been fighting no excuse absentee ballot voting for decades. What the fuck does that have to do with Trump? Republicans hate anything that increases access to voting (early voting, more hours, more registration, felon voting, etc etc) or anything that encourages voter turnout. It's been this way since the 80s when courts issued rulings against GOP. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/01/the-gop-just-received-another-tool-for-suppressing-votes/550052/
This isn't science, it's an opinion piece. &gt;I propose that the surgical mask is a symbol that protects from the perception of risk by offering nonprotection to the public while causing behaviours that project risk into the future.
He single handedly dealt with federal nCoV-19 response!
I have a problem with graph using IFR .01 with title saying %
Wow, you claim it's all 100% real but won't answer a single person... What happened prior to pepper spray? Where did cops go? How many people were involved? A single protestor? A crowd throwing things? Context matters.
They are mocking you for no context, and your answer is sorry I was busy. But not too busy to write that instead of an answer. Starting to sound fishy
Looked through all your posts. Not a single detail given. Looks more like a troll. But you spent ten minutes responding how busy you are instead of just saying, "Crowd of 20 people in the street, 4 cops came over and did X" Not a single detail. As far as anyone knows you showed up and filmed a guy on the ground.
It's not "your driveway". Well it is your driveway as far as maintenance, but it's a city easement to other side of the sidewalk (or certain distance from centerline of the road). You can't park in the apron, you can't block the sidewalk, you can't block driveways (even yours). If it's an alley facing garage it might be different if you aren't blocking the alley You probably can block your driveway with cones and caution tape.
Never called you a liar, just said you won't answer anything about the situation other than what is in video.
It's not ok for CPD to so this. But what happened? Was it cpd? Was it a woman on the street pulled mace from her purse?
It might toggle to displaying tripometer and you can tell him he can reset it to zero. Not sure if that is better he might pay attention to those miles. A static number or tape i's better
Omg can you do animation of ring osc. It would be odd number of your not gates (vertical tube with side stream) with last output going to first input. (You could also start whole thing with AND/NAND enable.) - | - | -| Bottom output might need a pump, or maybe a water wheel that pushes stream up like a straw?
I think that is what happened. At 0:18 you can see a wheelchair wheel (maybe bicycle on ground) Did the cops back the fuck up when someone legs came off?
I don't understand living like this. Replace pizza with half bottle vodka in the backyard or pain killers or call my ex-gf I suppose in reality it's probably more like jerking off in terms of seriousness. But why can't you just love your life and not have secrets? Btw, she probably has looked out a window or found out what you are doing and must think you hate her cooking.
I don't understand why you post something you are 100% wrong on. Just check it on Google maps street view. The cruiser passes school sign, big school zone white stencil across the road, a 15 mph school sign... THEN got to where this video starts, across from Gators. The blinking light school sign is to the left of this map, cruiser traveling right to left. Not sure if you can read since you tee hee gotem with your post, but check the satellite view where it says SCHOOL as big as a car. https://i.imgur.com/YURnWFv.jpg
From what I saw in other videos, it starts with crowds spilling into the roads, so they were pushing people back to sidewalk using a wall of bikes. It also appears there is metal or foil covered signs making like a wall. I'll never understand if the cops have roads blocked and cops are in the road, why not facilitate public safety. Yes, technically people have to be on the sidewalk (without a parade permit which requires paying offduty cops)
It's in the intro. &gt;Fringe capacitance is accounted in the theoretical calculation using the palmer formula.
Model policy and assumedly local &amp; county policy is &gt;The provisions of this policy shall not relieve the operator from the duty to drive with due regard for the safety of all persons, nor shall such provisions protect the operator from the consequences of his/her reckless or negligent disregard for safety 316.1895 (10) A person may not drive a vehicle on a roadway designated as a school zone at a speed greater than that posted in the school zone I know most people recently don't believe it, but police are in fact still a person.. I mean screw those children, it's not like the signs and law are there for a reason. Or are you suggesting it exists not to save children lives, but only for local revenue?
They serve at the pleasure of the president. They have to resign so a replacement can be nominated and confirmed. When party changes at president almost all USAA "resign" or really are fired but it's expected as the elected guy puts in his ~~donors~~ preferred office holders
&gt;hateful, and/or racist speech and we understand why it is upsetting to hear. It is protected by the First Amendment and is not an arrestable offense While in general you can say what you want in public, it can and does rise to the level of disturbing the peace. For example getting an inch away from the black kids face and saying something about stupid n-words. Other arrestable disorderly conduct: &gt;insulting someone when it is likely to provoke a violent response &gt;blocking pedestrian or vehicular traffic without good reason &gt;Screaming obscenities It can be aggravated charges if done after a warning or in front of police. Anyways, "fighting words" are not covered by free speech.
I suggest you research disorderly conduct. Or at least do some field research and go to all black neighborhood and hi exercise your right to the n-word free speech. Don't worry, you won't get arrested.
You have very little understanding of ORC then. You shove a minor and say something inflammatory involving n-word. Possible charges for assault, menacing depending on what was said, certainly disorderly conduct, probably a statue about contacting a minor. 2917.11 Disorderly conduct.. (A) No person shall recklessly cause inconvenience, annoyance, or alarm to another by doing any of the following: (1) Engaging in fighting, in threatening harm to persons or property, or in violent or turbulent behavior; (3) Insulting, taunting, or challenging another, under circumstances in which that conduct is likely to provoke a violent response; Cops didn't want to take the complaint, because they don't like protesters.
Get lost, first amendment has never covered absolute freedom of your idiotic rantings. &gt;(3) Insulting, taunting, or challenging another, under circumstances in which that conduct is likely to provoke a violent response; Is just one example of statue leading to your arrest.
Not true at all. You stop being a pedestrian under Ohio law and become a criminal. &gt;Hindering or preventing the movement of persons on a public street, road, highway, or right-of-way, or to, from, within, or upon public or private property, so as to interfere with the rights of others, and by any act that serves no lawful and reasonable purpose of the offender; "Reasonable purpose"... You couldn't even civilly sue someone that hit you with their car if you are committing a crime blocking the road.
Lol the book of Mormon is bottom of land of death
No, just want you to test out your theory on your free speech
First amendment is governed by time &amp; place restrictions. (See SCOTUS) If they don't have a permit for a parade/exclusive use... They CANNOT be in the streets. It's against Ohio law to block traffic or be in the street without a reasonable purpose (I want to piss people off doesn't fall under reasonable purpose) Protestors have the right to be on sidewalk or on public property redressing their grievances. We have crosswalks, traffic control devices, and jaywalking/disorderly conduct laws to prevent anyone being run down in the street.
Lol, they think 5G cell towers cause cancer.. muah ah haha.
It's existed for 125 years, but some guy wanted to damage the critical bolt because he read something on a forum....
&gt;“Now that said, we've had another recent case where a young lady did exactly [same disappear by walking out] Lol, so Westerville has a serial killer they won't admit?
Bandgap (and hole/ electron diffusion /mobility
You should be aware when using 74xx, open collector. Your led would be done incorrectly &gt;Some 74 series ICs have open collector outputs, this means they can sink current but they cannot source current. They behave like an NPN transistor switch. Since you are using LS series &gt;Outputs can sink up to 16mA (enough to light an LED), but they can source only about 2mA. Something to keep in mind if you actually build this, may not work
Now I know what the shittiest possible rims look like
Look at your oil dipstick. If it is anywhere near the top line of Full, you get problems with engine thinking it is stalling and will set the red triangle. Usually because MAF is dirty &amp; throttle body gets buildup, causing fuel trims to be out of whack. Only takes 5 mins to clean MAF and TB if you know what you are doing. (Car must be off to turn the throttle body motor by hand) then disconnect battery in trunk for 30 seconds to clear fuel trims. (Your mechanic should have pulled the DTC and also looked at fuel trims if they were in the -20% range) Check your VIN for the coolant pump recall. You can fry your igbt inverters if the pump stops. Your original inverter coolant pump should have been replaced by now.
Your post shows massive lack of understanding how either car works. Your best bet is to strap a Honda generator on a Tesla and figure out how to make it a charging station. This is a Tesla https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/Tesla_Motors_Model_S_base.JPG This is a Prius with ICE, two electric motors &amp; battery in trunk https://pictures.topspeed.com/IMG/jpg/200612/new-hybrid-sedan-fro-4.jpg
Nope.. no it's not anywhere near possible. (Unless you mean take body from Prius and bolt it on top of Tesla subframe... Then transfer all the Tesla electronics...
Can they make money from it? No, that's work then. They only exist for things that generate money like tickets or court appearances.
It appears to be the disparity between elderly black and white living conditions, meaning nursing homes.
Capitalism. Cities cancelled their $10k to $100k Fourth displays. They are selling commercial fireworks to other people, and for cheap.
Zoomers literally can't handle jokes or actual workplaces..
Lol. Are the feds still paying Sabu?
The way batteries are drawn, the larger end is the +. You should put +/- once on schematic and not change it for every loop. If you wanted to do KCL, (V is node voltage between batteries) (V-15)/1000 + (V-20)/500 + (V+30)/1000 = 0 V - 15 + 2V - 40 + V +30 =0 V = 25 / 4 i2 = 36.25mA
Two/ three approaches, label nodes v1, v2, v3. Write all the resistor currents like (v1-v2)/r2 etc (three voltages three nodes summing currents) Or KCL three nodes and have ia in ic id and 4 nodes Or superposition like you are doing. And you add the voltage contributions from i1 &amp;i2 (one might be negative)
But a $80 electric scooter/razor. Take it apart, make slate board using some type of control, foot pedal,
I would love to find the Midwest body shop that could fix a crease dent that deep AND paint two doors for $500... Or are you saying that is price for two new doors...
&gt;I want to unlock everything Do you have infinite time, or infinite money?
I don't see it anywhere in code. Noise is 1 larger, then you have.. &gt;WPN_SHORTBOW, "shortbow", 9, 2, 13, SK_BOWS, SIZE_LITTLE, NUM_SIZE_LEVELS, MI_ARROW, DAMV_NON_MELEE, 8, 10, 30, RANGED_BRANDS &gt;WPN_LONGBOW, "longbow", 15, 0, 17, SK_BOWS, SIZE_MEDIUM, NUM_SIZE_LEVELS, MI_ARROW, DAMV_NON_MELEE, 2, 10, 45, RANGED_BRANDS Base dmg, base to-hit, speed(aut) Commoness, acq weight, shop price
This doesn't make any sense. Hemochromatosis is one of the largest generic diseases. It primarily affects health of older people, but this might be compounded by organ damage from decade of iron load. Anyways, you'd expect better outcomes for anyone with hemochromatosis. Seems like there would be large enough population to confirm this.
You actually need to add air to tires. Load rating of tire is based on psi. Inflate closer to max rating. (Also tires do about 40% of your suspension work) Make two trips if anything is scraping from overloaded rear end.
Just stop. Thao (age 34) graduated from the police academy in 2009. On force almost decade. Kueng (age 26) cadet in February 2019 &amp; licensed as law enforcement officer in August 2019 Lane (age 37) cadet in February 2019 &amp; licensed as law enforcement officer in August 2019. BS Criminology, worked for few years as juvenile corrections &amp; assistant probation officer. THEY ARE NOT SOME FRESH NEW ON THE JOB ROOKIE. You are being fooled. A 37 year old ex-corrections officer knew better.
What is lit up on the dash? Constant buzzer is often ABS or brake failure. Door chime beeping is obviously different. Obviously check the door closed switches. Diesels sometimes have a buzzing related to brakes.
Lol. What nonsense. Lockdowns in NZ saved lives. Lockdowns in US did nothing except spread infection over time. Look at FL &amp;TX, clearly same number of people will be infected and IFR means same number of deaths.
Citation needed. Didn't happen in NYC. Re: ventilators How does delaying save lives? Please explain this math. Preventing infection does, delaying infections doesn't
The code is already shit, take the Vader new zeta.. it's broken on the Traya raid and cannot target a stealth sith assassin. Did they ever test this?
&gt;data is smoothed using the LOWESS method (locally weighted scatter-plot smoothing) developed by W. S. Cleveland at Bell Labs in 1988 (Cleveland 1988). We use the original FORTRAN code written in Ratfor (Ratfor 1976) and converted to Mortran (Mortran 1975). Lol, wut? Can't write simple function in python? Old professors never give up their habits
In addition, when these switches fail, I've seen more than once that the switch case goes to one of the terminals, usually 120V. It would be trivial to use a switch to a 120V relay, or $10 contactor
I'd dump warlock mirror and hand axe.
I meant AC. Switch rated for 400V, switches AC to circuit, and also the coil on 240V relay... Or SSR... Or optoisolator... Or contactor... Or linear actuator to push a mechanic limit switch.... Or... Hall effect current sensor loop on AC power into digital circuit...
Chappelle tells his audience. &gt;“It is incumbent upon us to save our country. And you know what we have to do. Every able-bodied African-American must register for a legal firearm. That’s the only way they’ll change the law.”
**2005 Missouri Revised Statutes - § 571.030. — Unlawful use of weapons.** 571.030. 1. A person commits the crime of unlawful use of weapons if he or she knowingly: (1) Carries concealed upon or about his or her person a knife, a firearm, a blackjack or any other weapon readily capable of lethal use; or (4) Exhibits, in the presence of one or more persons, any weapon readily capable of lethal use in an angry or threatening manner; . Subdivisions (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), and (10) of subsection 1 of this section shall not apply to persons who are engaged in a lawful act of defense pursuant to section 563.031 .Subdivisions (1), (8), and (10) of subsection 1 of this section shall not apply to any person who has a valid concealed carry endorsement issued pursuant to sections 571.101 to 571.121 or a valid permit or endorsement to carry concealed firearms issued by another state or political subdivision of another state. 563.031. 1. A person may, ... use physical force upon another person when and to the extent he reasonably believes such force to be necessary to defend himself or a third person from what he reasonably believes to be the use or imminent use of unlawful force by such other person, unless:....he reasonably believes that such deadly force is necessary to protect himself or another against death, serious physical injury, rape, sodomy or kidnapping or serious physical injury through robbery, burglary or arson.
You are wrong and should learn the law in your state before you pick up a gun.
Yes, illegal, unless they argue they were afraid these people were about to commit robbery or arson. I'm guessing they could show videos of BLM starting fires, and get away in court, especially a white jury.
Well I know what butthurt person posted this. What I find odd is mods keeping this post up while banning and deleting others. Not a good look mods.
tile_player_tile = (normal | playermons | mons:&lt;monster&gt; | tile:&lt;monster-tile&gt;) You could try mons_tiamat_yellow TRAN_DRAGON_YELLOW mons_DRACO_ANNIHILATOR mons_draco-job-annihilator (?) Or tile: draco-job-annihilator
I thought I was sorted by /new and the post was pretty far down. I didn't realize it was minutes old.
Dear our northern neighbors, Trump is getting reelected. There are so many stupid people who daily say Trump this or that. DNC selected the literal worst possible candidate. In addition, zoomers who will march in the streets are too lazy to vote. Around 45% of them can be bothered to cast a vote in presidential general election. Unless old people in the US are pissed about covid killing hundreds of thousands of elderly, Trump is a shoe in. The working class as still giddy about a single $1200 check they say Trump sent them.
It might be a pilot pilot study.
Technically you could use solar panels to capture carbon from the atmosphere and store it in something like rocks. (Carbon mineralization) it might lead to a net reduction in green house gases. We could also probably boil the oceans and increase albedo with massive amounts of water vapor and clouds.
It's Berenstein.i remember the books from my childhood...
