Inspired by the Bush family's request to dedicate a day of community service in his honor - does anyone have any ideas for things two people could do next weekend sometime?
&gt; they have entire conversations about sales, haggling, and saving money This isn't a unique thing, or even a bad thing...
That's a wonderful event! I tried to go last year and made the mistake of driving, even though I live a mile away... After an hour of traffic and parking at the Pentagon (further away than my apartment would have been), I made it just in time to place a handful of wreaths with the group I was meeting up with. Unfortunately I'll be out of town next weekend though. I was actually looking for volunteer opportunities this weekend (the 8th and 9th) - apologies for the confusion!
Hal is stingy.
What is a "rake", Ken!
Pizza purists don't get pizza at Whole Foods.
Well, good luck increasing revenue without more marquee superstars. Profitability, maybe, but revenue won't go up unless we're contending in a more serious way.
Not when our rivals win the division by 8 games and crush us in the playoffs en route to a championship. The Astros were also clearly better than us, and that's just within our own league.
These partnership firms are probably the closest you're ever going to get to that. Most regular companies have a far more top-down leadership structure than the Big Four. There are thousands of bigwigs at a B4, and they all have a say.
I don't know much about football - is Brees really in that same conversation?
Didn't you say $85 for 2 was the sale price? Or is that the usual price? It's surprising to see a "$X for quantity" phrasing for something if that's just the normal price for the item.
Or for the ones who shot up the wrong pickup truck while driving around looking for Chris Dorner a few years ago.
I would hope they're investing nearly all of the money. If I made $30 MM a year and work consumed my life 162 days or more every year, I don't even know how I could possibly spend more than, say, $5 MM of it.
Just wait until Trump nominates Erik Prince.
Every desk job ever?
What a weird way to end those last four paragraphs...
That's life in general though.
Correct - per person, per bank.
Soon after college, a friend pulled me aside after a group dinner once to ask if everything was okay. I hadn't seen him in a while, and said I was fine, just busy with work and looking forward to an upcoming vacation, but pretty normal. He kept reiterating this general question, so I asked why he was so concerned. He said the bartenders at our local college bar had been talking about me by my full name and how scary it was that I had started getting into heroin. I have never done drugs in my life, and explained this to my friend (who knew this about me). Eventually, I remembered that there was a guy in the year below us at school with my same first and last name, and whom I knew to be a drug dealer. Thankfully the mystery was solved, and hopefully the confusion about me ended there...
You guys are actually directly disagreeing. In either case though, same general idea of mitigating financial risks!
Charles Wang, owner of the Islanders for a while in the early 2000s, initially wanted to try this in the NHL. He bought the team before knowing much about hockey, but was a good owner overall under the circumstances.
Absolutely loved Porto.
Your team outbid us for our superstar 5 years ago. We don't have infinite money.
I'll actually voice an opposing view here. We bought about 150,000 points on eBay during the recession for something like $2000, and our maintenance fees are around $900 a year. For that price, we get a week or so at any of their resorts, and they're really nice, in our experience. This year, I exchanged a week to another company they have an agreement with and used it to go to Hawaii for a week, and then my family also used it for a few days in Florida. If you travel as a family and know you'll go on a week-long trip every year, it's actually not always a bad idea as long as you buy it on the secondary market.
That's absolutely not goalie interference...
"more than half the country"? He lost the popular vote by 3 million votes, and his approval rating is well below 50%. "A large portion of the population" is correct though. About 35-40% of Americans support him unconditionally, and another 5-10% lean towards him depending on the circumstances.
If it lasts 60 years at 56+ hours a week of use, that is more than worth it! About $0.01/hour.
Seriously, pretty reprehensible from a journalistic ethics POV - no company should ever give them a preview again.
Most people are paying for Xbox Live though, so this isn't that much different.
Well, in this case it's also that Stadia games run on special Stadia servers, so they're built for Stadia. Aren't games on those other platforms just the normal games that are streamed to you? In this case it's a unique environment and the games have to be a little bit different.
Not much, from what I've heard. Apparently some studio had two developers port their game over and it took them about 2 weeks (saw that on Reddit, but I forget which game it was).
Wait a second... Does it actually matter which Google account you buy it from? I bought it on my work account since I was sitting in front of that computer, but figured I could just activate the code on my personal account...
It's $130 and we've known about this for months...
Yep!
Uh, how fast do you drive exactly?!
You must have a very expansive definition of "Midwest"...
I read that differently: "In November, we'll send the redemption code [X, y, z] to this email address"
Free version is 1080p streaming. You never download the games ever.
Why wouldn't this happen? If Stadia ends up being a decent chunk of the market, we could end up seeing these kinds of things become their own genre within the industry. Exponentially so if xCloud is similar enough to handle these kinds of games too.
Judging by the rest of this thread, Devils fans have a reason to absolutely loathe him.
He's as much of an athlete as he is a detective. Still waiting for him to get to the bottom of it...
*laughs in Bay Area*
&gt;Stadia is a PC Nope. Stadia is a cloud server designed for gaming, that streams the video to your screen. It's not a normal PC environment though.
That throw was literally perfect.
Maybe it will eventually?
But... You called someone else's ISP "third world." So, presumably yours isn't?
Do you know how many hundreds of products Microsoft has killed over the past 40+ years?
I'm super excited for GTA 7 or 8 on Stadia in a few years. Imagine what they can do with entire servers to host absolutely enormous worlds.
I want Cities Skylines very badly. My game slows down a ton when I get to 100k cims (I have a mediocre gaming computer from 6ish years ago), so imagine having infinite compute power with millions of cims in your cities. Any game like this is going to be amazing on Stadia.
Every single person would unsubscribe if 240p 24fps was the actual stream quality.
Mildly self-deprecating humor works really well though, especially if you say it with a smile and you're generally confident. At least, it seems to work well for me.
I mean, 5 hours a day is probably a generous assumption, but even if we cut that in half then it's still over $5/month! And I live in an area with more expensive electricity anyway, so the $5-10 range is actually pretty on point.
Yeah, $1300 is less than half my rent...
It's fine.
Egg Noodle
Going rate for a piece of gum was $1. I really wish I had taken advantage of the obvious resale opportunity of that 10x+ markup...
And only with 2 other people in it!
"six of us was" is also particularly grating in the first sentence actually - wouldn't have mentioned it if you hadn't brought up proofreading, but...
Both of them were incredible in their day. That was back when Reddit felt like a small community where weird things would happen and everyone knew about it. Now, plenty of weird things still happen, but there are so many people and so many things happening that it feels so much more fragmented.
Yep, and that's why those are also the official colors of NY.
Where are you getting 5 pizzas for $36?! That's maybe 2 anyplace I've ever lived...
I said "pizza" though...
Two fucking errors in the bottom of the 9th...
I mean, Chapman fucked up twice this inning too.
We made it to extras!
I forgot the game was on, so I went for a run, and turned it on in the 8th. Really hope we don't go 20 innings because I desperately need a shower...
Hal can't hear you from his yacht.
Tldr goes at the top...
We've still got this thing!
Radiohead song + sarcastic disdain for karmawhoring. Were you thinking of either of those, or another reference?
True if big
Ouch.
Fuck these fans. Not all of them, but every single one of those who are booing their own team and throwing shit on the ice. It's a sport; you don't always win.
What a weird stat. Seems like their record with him scoring should basically be like their overall record, right? 26 games is a big sample size.
Call of Duty: Spartan Ops
That's one thing I didn't really understand today. I want my Xbox to be great at gaming, but it's also how I access Netflix, Prime Video, HBO, Hulu, YouTube, etc... on my TV. It should be excellent at gaming, but I do still want it to do all of those other things well too.
It's weird that he's such a difference-maker though. The stat kind of implies that they are much worse when he isn't scoring, but I don't think of him as a game-breaking player who dominates their offense. It's also weird that he doesn't seem to score when they lose.
For small clubs like that, they usually don't get much money. I was club president of a few things in high school, one of which was a political discussion group where we just sat around and talked about the news. We got like $250 a year I think, which was basically just used for pizza every few months and to subsidize t-shirts with our logo on them. A chess club might use it to buy new sets, or a movie club to buy popcorn and rent some unique movies, etc.
So I understand why you guys look at us like we're crazy about soda sizes, but I don't understand how Europeans (not sure about NZ) survive with a few sips of water a day. In Europe, it seems like everyone expects you to drink small amounts very infrequently even when it's hot out. I comparatively need like gallons of water a day to be comfortable, and waiters never seem eager to bring it.
Would you say that it's healthy for someone to get drunk alone every day?
Yeah, but how many non-fans are willing to drop $2k+ each to see the game? I can't imagine too many people are going who don't care. And if you're a huge fan, you can probably get yourself to one of the games (unless you have kids, in which case $10k or whatever would be absurd for a family to go).
Huh?
... Why?
I used to work for a big consulting firm, and supposedly they once sent a helicopter to rescue a couple of consultants who were touring a mine in a foreign country when the workers started rioting. No way would they do that for me now that I've left though...
Both are important though, actually. Alternating two great shoes will make them laat longer than if you wore them consecutively. Wearing them every other day might make them both last 3 years instead of each lasting just 1.
You can download Spotify music and listen to it even when you're offline.
Speaking of which, "fam" is definitely fitting for this thread.
Usually there's just silence. Players get injured all the time, but seldom are there cheers.
There was a big spider in my shower this morning and I killed it. I hate you for making me consider this possibility.
It's about the lonely psychological dependence of altering one's mental state alone though.
I mean, that's a damn good track record.
Absolutely not true. Injuries happen all the time in championship games, but no one ever cheers like Toronto just did. Usually there's a half dozen idiots in the crowd, not thousands.
San Francisco
San Francisco
It's still completely unacceptable to cheer like that for an injury in hockey. I'm a big hockey fan, and there's no way in hell anyone would ever cheer for an injury to an upstanding player on the opposing team. *Maybe* a particularly egregious goon on a rowdy night but never like that.
Not for a modern 1-bedroom with a view.
Heh, no I'm a few years younger actually - was grasping at straws to think of more examples though, since (aside from the politics one) I was mostly in bigger better-funded clubs. I guess I was thinking of like a foreign film club or something.
That guy's lucky he didn't work in the NY area or he would have been out on his ass in a heartbeat with his shit in a cardboard box.
Completely disagree. Most middle-class people have a reasonably good chance of being worth $5 MM by retirement if they are heavily focused on that goal, don't have any major health problems, don't have any unexpected family issues, etc... Obviously, it's not easy, but it is truly within the realm of possibility for people who actively seek it with a fierce determination. $5 MM is a lot of money, but not an impossibly large amount. Nearly no one, even brilliant people with all the advantages in the world, can become a billionaire even if they dedicate their every effort toward doing so.
Glad they aren't censoring anything, but disappointed they cut to commercial already
During the celebration? I don't think so. It's been in all kinds of crazy situations though - at the bottom of Mario Lemieux's pool in 1991, used to feed dogs and shit in by babies, and 3ven left overnight in the Rideau Canal in Montreal in the 1920s or so.
Can you imagine?
Ah, yes. Turns out 12 hours at work does not make my brain work good.
Well, until 1994, you guys did have to wait 54 years. So you've got until 2048...
Sure, but 1987 to 2001 isn't a very long time.
You're better-off!
So, the cost of attending Game 7?
They need to pin a separate response post from /u/gracefromgoogle, who just confirmed that it doesn't matter what email you use to place the order.
That's the universe asking you why the fuck you're hanging out in Times Square though.
Ah, I'm sorry to hear that haha. I remember a career fair in college where an investment bank tried to play up their Times Square headquarters as a cool selling point, and those of us from NY kind of looked at each other in confusion...
They couldn't find a real liquor store for better champagne and wine?!
I'm a noob - what's happening?
It's like spaces and tabs, if you have any coding experience. People have intense preferences, usually from either M or MM being drilled into them as a young intern, and they don't give those up easily. Growing up, my best friend's older brother worked at a major investment bank, and insisted that we use MM, and my first internship boss in finance had the same strong preference. Now, I work in finance again and my new company uses M, and I'm constantly being told to change my MMs by my manager and everyone else. Old habits die hard.
Personally I'll often do (-$400.00) so it's obvious either way.
I really hate the one M for thousand. 8m a strong MM proponent for millions, but always use K for thousands. So I use K, MM, BN (billion). Using a single M for thousand is confusing no matter what, and personally I think it should always be avoided.
Both are great. If I were a 29 year old multimillionaire single guy (I forget whether he has a girlfriend/wife), I'd take NYC over LI for sure.
That's the cap for now, yes. But long-term, they have a road map to 16K!
Helps to play for a few decades with only 5 other teams.
Not everyone out there is good at their job, and this person has given a lot of indication that she is not good at hers. Even in my most recent job search, I had an unbelievably chaotic experience with the HR people at a very big name tech company that you'd expect to have their shit together.
Long Island has more than 3 million people and is 100 miles long. It's definitely part of the NYC metro area, but about a third of those people live more than an hour away from the city line. Montauk, the far end of Long Island, is two full hours from the edge of Queens. There's thousands of acres of farmland and a forest preserve. Long Island is definitely distinct from the city.
Much worse though to miss every dinner, every social function, every cool event that's happening, etc... from 5pm-10pm hundreds of times a year though. What's all of that worth to you? Surely worth a couple missed hours elsewhere, right?
I'm glad to see this thread, because I've been having almost existential worry about my homeownership prospects since moving to the Bay Area recently. I work at a big tech company and make ~$150k in my mid-20s, but pissing away almost $3k a month on rent means it's basically impossible to see a path to saving up $300k for a 20% down payment on a starter home within the next 10 years, in addition to 401k contributions and the like. Saving up half of that might be doable though (except by then, starter homes will be $2 MM+ here...). The interest rates thing is a really good point too in terms of real cost.
Also, you can lose service during a drive on a Google Maps and won't lose the route you're driving. It's happened to me on long road trips (where I didn't have the maps saved beforehand because I only save my town on the offline maps), and I was still able to follow the route. You lose other info, but have the core navigation.
"Wind", actually.
Not so sure about that. Smoking is rare in the US now, but you can't walk 5 minutes in Europe without encountering multiple smokers. Europe is significantly behind the US in this regard.
The most I ever had was 3 I think, but now I want to find a nice spot to sit and eat a whole dozen.
Hotel California*
90% he's a New Yorker. Source: am also a New Yorker
If the banks had been allowed to fail, the economy would have been much much, much worse-off than it was. I get the appeal of wanting them to fail on their own merits, but in this case they were too vital to the functioning of the economy. If you watch the new HBO documentary (I think it's on YouTube too), they interview everyone involved. President Bush says he hated the idea at first, but realized how serious it was when Hank Paulson explained the economics behind it. Paulson had been opposed too, until he started to realize it was the only option.
So even within the extremely liberal Northwest, you see CA as too "corporatist" (ie, too similar to New York, Boston, etc... Establishment liberals)? Does that mean that Seattle and Portland are even more extreme than SF in the ways people have been describing throughout this thread?
The fact that you just compared gun owners to fucking *sex offenders* is exactly why this is not okay.
&gt;I more than understand the basics of trade and how a global economy works. Specialization is an amazing thing that has got Global society to this point but there are somethings I believe a Nation should be able to provide for itself. Energy is one them, Food another. American farmers export enormous amounts of food though. Should we stop doing that? It would massively hurt our agricultural industry and lots of communities around the country. Similarly, we do export some energy resources too.
Sure, but if we start restricting other kinds of imports, other countries will retaliate against us. Right now, China is hitting our agricultural sector very hard because that's our chief export sector. We can't expect to present a restrictive, anti-trade policy to the world and be reciprocated with an openness to buy our critical exports. It doesn't work that way.
Yes, we absolutely are an abundant producer of food and we export tons of it. That's sort of my point though; you can't restrict your imports and expect that other countries will be happy to continue buying your exports. They will retaliate and will do so against our export-oriented sectors. The modern global economy is built on the ability of the United States to send corn and soybeans (and other things, like capital and intellectual labor) to China in exchange for manufacturing. If you want to break one part of that, they'll break the other parts.
Yep, I've seen the Big Short. Great movie. Yes, we basically let them get away with taking on enormous (but not illegal) risks and it is largely the financial system's fault that the economy tanked. To "punish" them though would have punished *everyone* in a very severe way. Without stabilizing the banks, we likely would have seen a Depression. All of the banks have now paid the loans back, with interest, to the US Government. We should have attached a LOT more strings to the bailout money, agreed, but ultimately it was the least-worst option to bail them out at all. Not doing so would have been truly disastrous.
GRR?
Huh? How so?
Of course we do. But if we start imposing tariffs, other countries will do the same, and that food will sit rotting at our ports and on our farms.
I'd correct you to say it's "fewer", but you've probably (hopefully!) been drunk for a few days now so you get a pass on that one.
Paging Marchand
Wait, like actually lives in his childhood room?
I mean that's usually how it works in politics though. The nature of primaries is that candidates disagree on things (or else they wouldn't be competing), and then they rally behind the winner for the general election. If Pete loses to Warren, and she picks him as his VP, he'll stop criticizing her student debt plan, and if Pete wins and picks her as his running mate, she'll do the same of his.
There were a whole bunch of them on the side of my uncle's house once, in New York. Only time I've ever seen them, but it was terrifying as a kid (I was probably like 12 when I discovered them there).
This is the especially bizarre thing here. Parents' love for their children is a different kind of love, so it's kind of obvious the crazy lady didn't mean that. But clearly people do love each other before getting married, or else you'd hope they wouldn't get married...
It's a pasta, but its contents are accurate.
I've been to ~6-7 weddings (mostly Northeast US) and have never heard it.
I love my mom and all, but there's no way she would even be in that tent in the first place let alone be metal enough to hit back like that...
That's part of Mars!
I'm guessing they'll add those features pretty quickly.
This is exactly what I'm most excited about. We're eventually going to see absolutely massive games, with unfathomable scale and detail and player populations.
It's probably doable though to have 10,000 Pro subscribers on a single enormous game instance. Sure, you can't give everyone a ridiculous amount of compute power individually, but if you have enough paying customers sharing that cost, then it makes perfect sense.
Ah, true. I guess I'm getting a little ahead of myself. Maybe they'll figure it out though, or at least find ways to maximize the efficiency.
I want my real first name, but am also considering a pretty unique and short college nickname in case someone beats me to my first name.
He did look really, really bad, but at the same time he was playing injured and still contributed well above replacement a few games.
That's for the down-payment.
It really is. If you like serious sports reporting with a lot of depth (sometimes almost too much), tons of stats analysis, and really good human interest kinds of stories about athletes and teams, you should consider a subscription.
86 goals in 78 games is truly insane. I can't even imagine watching that night after night.
Kinda wish I'd done that - was it at South Point on the Big Island? That seems like the most popular spot.
To be fair, lots of students jump to their deaths there, so it would make sense if they were concerned for your safety, right?
I did Camels Hump, VT in January once with my Boy Scout troop. It was (-4 F) at night and brutally cold, to the point where our stoves barely worked, but also really beautiful. We did the White Mountains in the summer though, and that part where you walk along the ridge from Mt. Bond to South Twin was incredible. Best view I've ever had, I think.
And is warmer!
Well, sounds like you probably have a lot more chances in your future though!
The solar eclipse was absolutely amazing. Probably the coolest 2 minutes and 40 seconds I've ever experienced (plus the couple of minutes before and after). And I drove down to South Carolina to visit my cousin for it, so we got to hang out all day in a random church parking lot exactly on the line of maximum duration, which was really fun on its own too. I want to try to see the next one in Argentina, but short of that I'm definitely seeing the 2024 one somewhere cool (Niagara Falls, the Adirondacks, White Mountains). It's an absolute must for everyone to see, I think, but only really worth seeing from a place where it hits totality.
Most white collar American workers can take two weeks off pretty easily though.
I'm waiting with bated breath here...
Did you forget this
Wonder all you want I guess, but I've been on Reddit for 9 years and have &gt;100k karma (much of that from /r/hockey). It really is great, though I'll admit that one person I recommended it to in real life didn't end up liking it that much. But most people, including me, love it.
Not a fun fact, not about the song, and I already knew it 😢
Yeah, it's really a case where you have to invest in the first half in order to get the payoff in the second half. The original version is boring and kind of bad for the first half, but then is hilarious in the second half because everything they set up in the first half comes together perfectly.
Haha fair, thanks for following up!
I was so excited when he scored the hat trick at the game I went to in February... Was really hoping he could get one more
26 years*
The Islanders have been the world's favorite punching bag for most of the past quarter-century...
Dale Hunter is another great answer.
Even if she didn't deliberately lie, isn't it kind of absurd to claim your primary race is the one you know you can only trace about 1/32 of your heritage to? And to only make those claims in the context of seeking preferential education and career treatment?
Eh, we kind of went back and forth between the two, with a lot of intensity haha
Probably, but at this rate we're seriously running out of numbers...
You're presumably a New Yorker... Why would you want to live in Florida?!
Ah, very reasonable then!
I don't understand why British royalty was sympathetic to the Nazis. The Nazis were literally bombing their cities! Even before that, wasn't it clear that Hitler was invading most of Europe? Why would anyone in charge of a country in Europe be glad to see a dictator conquering their shared neighbors? Particularly a dictator whose country was at war with Britain only 15-20 years earlier!
I don't think you understand the whole point of the Gunpowder Plot...
I don't think you understand the whole point of the Gunpowder Plot...
Glad someone beat me to this. Richard was the original GOAT, before Howe.
&gt;I don't think any team wants to reward a player and pay them more than they should. Not every owner is Dolan.
Serves you right for Benn's last-minute Art Ross over He Who Must Not Be Named.
Yeah, but adding a rookie and having him thrive is largely a coaching success.
Richard was the first truly great goal scorer though. It pays homage to the history of the game. Otherwise, in 50 years, are we going to rename the Ovechkin Award after whoever surpasses him? How about in 100 years after that guy gets surpassed? And 50 years after that? Imagine in baseball, if the Cy Young got renamed the Koufax, then Maddux, then &lt;Kershaw, Scherzer, whoever&gt;?
Extremely proud to have him in blue and orange. His journey has been truly inspiring, and I'm really glad our team and staff have been able to facilitate his recovery and success so effectively.
They both auditioned for SNL, but Lorne decided he was only taking one of them. Kenan won, and Kel got banished to obscurity.
Because sometimes it's good to laugh at yourself a little bit, especially when a comedian is making lighthearted humor?
New York and Vancouver can afford sea walls, at least!
Wow. I'm a former Republican who left because of Trump, and I can easily see that pushing *lots* of people toward Trump alone. Certainly if it was a local race where I didn't know anything about the candidates and didn't have an obvious issue to focus on, it would cause me to vote for whoever didn't send a drug addict with face tats to my door.
We basically do. It's fucking brutal. I don't have central air, and it was 99 F in my apartment a few weeks ago when it was 102 outside... So I just ordered an air conditioner.
Ultimately, I care way, way more about a campaign winning than I do about the working conditions or pay of its staffers. Unlike with most normal companies, which will do fine (but maybe slightly suboptimally) if they give a raise or add a benefit or whatever, a campaign either wins or it loses. There is no "we did well, just slightly less well than we would have done" like there is in business. In a campaign, if you don't do as well as you need to do, that's it, and in this case that means Donald Trump is president for 4 more years. I don't want there to come a point a week before the election when someone says, "Actually, my union says I don't have to work after 11 PM, and I'm going to take an hour-long lunch instead of going to that donor meeting."
I mean, Spider-Man is much weaker outside of Manhattan too. Which is especially bad, considering he lives in Queens.
Only since I/O, one month ago.
Messier?
That's it? No offense, but that's not all that long... That's like, lunch-time after pulling an all-nighter.
I did ~60 hours during my fraternity initiation, and it was totally fine for the first 48 hours but then shit started to get kind of weird later on. At one point near the end I was blindfolded for like 2 hours and it was starting to get pretty freaking trippy.
Usually you are supposed to tip the person who washes your hair though, if it's a different person than the barber/stylist. Something like $2-3 is fine.
Why? Her highest elected office is the minority leader of the Georgia House.
Source?!
Ridiculous. A handful of people who are angry at Pete happen to say some juicy things ("And you're running for president?"), so it grabs headlines. What exactly are they upset with Pete about? He isn't the one who shot the guy! And he's concerned enough about it that he left the campaign trail to handle this. What about the way he's handled it upsets these protestors? I'd love to see the rest of what happened before each of those exchanges.
Such is life in a sub where "flair up bruh" is a legitimate response to criticism.
Devils are having a great rebuild!
Can you elaborate a bit more? My point is that, in these clips, we never see Pete say anything especially insensitive, and it seems like people are just mad at him because he's in charge, but not because he did something wrong while being in charge.
Imagine agreeing that your teammate can basically have $200k of your salary if he feels like it.
Bow
Subban
"Daniel" Patrick Moynihan
&gt;top 2 Thanks for acknowledging Sorokin as his superior!
He wants to get paid as much as possible up until the point where he would impact the team's performance.
I think that's his point though. Without Stadia, OP probably can't run it, but WITH Stadia, it's easy to get full graphics quality on any device.
If Pixelbook 2 comes out this year, it would probably make sense to wait, right? Since Stadia doesn't come out until November anyway?
My understanding is that it's Chromecast Ultra only for now, but eventually they will open it up to *any* instance of Chrome - including your TV, any Android phone (not just Pixel), etc...
Or Andrew Ladd!
Ah, gotcha.
Read the title of this post again, dumbass.
Do you have other super visible tattoos? Hand tattoos are pretty different from arm/leg/chest/etc...
How old are you?
For any popular course, or even not-popular courses on a busy/beautiful weekend, definitely.
Very true, on the point about not getting to say everything. I'd rate myself as a very good conversationalist overall, and that's definitely one of the big things I've learned over the years (deciding when to let a thought or story go, after it's no longer relevant). The other thing I do is kind of a two-sided coin: I pretty frequently interrupt people to interject a good story or introduce a quick tangent, but I *always* make sure they get to finish what they were saying. So in a group conversation, if I interrupt someone to say something, one or two other people will usually reply to what I said, but then I interject after that and say "Sorry, you were explaining XYZ?" to the person I cut off, so they never get left with that feeling of "wow, he cut me off and I didn't get to finish." Instead, it's "I got to tell my story and I learned this other related thing/we laughed about that tangent for a minute."
Vancouver is already insane... Homes there would be something like $15 MM to start.
I don't think you should provide proof at all (PII with health info?! Yikes...), but it would be interesting to know a little bit about the disease.
If you went back to like 2011 and bought $100k worth, then sold them in December 2017, you would create a very very significant impact indeed.
Another aspect of being a good conversationalist: crediting and acknowledging people for their contributions! Thanks!
If you knew with certainty what would happen to the price of Bitcoin over that time period, you could definitely find a way to get your hands on $100k. Max out your credit cards, take out personal loans, borrow from every family member you can, etc...
At least for me, it's only like $30/mo extra to have cable vs to just have internet, so I have both.
This, but the 80s
&gt;Both current stadiums are on long island Huh?!
You can have Yzerman. I want Trottier, Potvin, Bossy, Smith, and their four Cups.
There haven't been any dynasties since the cap was implemented, correct. The most recent one was the Oilers in the late 80s.
Well, if I had to guess, the brothers are drunk but the pledges are sober.
My fraternity had a handful of openly gay undergrads while I was in college, but for whatever reason there was a large contingent of guys in the late 90s and early 2000s who were/still are closeted, and mostly pretty religious Catholics. Seems like we just attracted a really specific group for a while (though not everyone from that era fits this description obviously) - my theory is that our chapter became a bit of a safe haven for them, and it was a sort of chain migration thing (since people recruit their friends). A lot of those guys are awesome, highly involved alumni, so it worked out well!
Yeah, this is 1000% frat hazing.
&gt;Just admit it... or you don’t consider bk part of Long Island. Ding ding ding! Long Islanders generally don't consider Brooklyn part of Long Island.
I'll believe a lot of weird things about him, but considering that he once owned Dunkin Donuts and was the Governor of Massachusetts, I absolutely do not believe this and it would be one of the most shocking things I've ever heard if it's true.
I mean, "able to take out a $90k loan or even cut a $90k check for a family member" rich is not nearly "have a live-in chef" rich. Also, plenty of 4ich people enjoy cooking - they just cook cooler/fancier things than you and I.
Do you not think they get bored and have phones?
Weird - maybe he was just trying to be funny? The guy is like the epitome of an awkward dad.
Why would you give away a valuable asset for so little money? They would pay you $15k for that domain without even having to think about it. It's easily, easily worth $10 MM.
"How many lost sales do you have each year because people can't find your website, or get fed up with remembering the actual one?" is a good way to start this conversation with them. It's absolutely worth several million dollars.
Tell that to the newest waves of unicorns. There will always be new companies starting in garages (well, not so much garages anymore) and finding ways to succeed and grow.
What percentage of mid-to-late 1st round picks become as good as Marner? To say nothing of 2nd and 3rd round picks. I'll take a sure-thing star over a bunch of meh picks any day.
If he wanted to, he could accept a league minimum offer from another team. He'd never do that, because obviously Toronto would immediately match, so the system sort of balances itself. Basically, he is a free agent, but Toronto has a sort of "right of first refusal" against whatever contract he signs elsewhere.
Fair, I guess. Sorry for the assumption. But even if we regress, it's unlikely we end up being so bad that we have a 1st overall pick. We're going to be at least a bubble team if we get Marner, and probably a stable playoff team (if not yet a contender).
Good point that he was already gone by then, but I'm sure he would have been intimately aware of the deal if it happened while he was CEO. PE funds are a lot smaller than you'd think, and they tend to invest heavily in a handful of companies rather than broadly across many. Any billion-dollar company is a huge investment meriting intense CEO level attention.
Sure but presumably not a player that's literally leaving the franchise at that moment, right?
Yeah but why would the fan know at that point?
Wait, seriously? He had 80 goals in his first two years, as a teenager. If he's only being offered $6 MM a year, how is he not the subject of constant offer sheet speculation?! I'd make him a $7.5x5 offer without question.
Hnnng
Amen to that. What's the point of half-assing your aggression?
Actually, no. LTIR is currently the loophole way around this. It's a normal retirement (like what Lu is going) that is being penalized.
Lehner came in third this year, and won the Jennings!
Tulsi winning an argument in which she said we should have gone easier on the Taliban was not something I expected to see. Ryan should be ashamed that he struck out in tee-ball.
So many times they shut him down, and even during the "alright, we'll give you 30 seconds to finally speak" they aggressively cut him off and practically muted his applause line.
For a while he was intensely repeating his lines in Spanish in his head. You could see the concentration.
Unfortunately, since he was right on the substance of the argument but was among the least effective debaters ever in that exchange. She won while saying we should have gone easier on the Taliban.
Luongo and Jokinen for Kvasha and Parrish was straight-up atrocious too.
Absolutely infuriating. Lehner is better than Bob, much cheaper, younger, and a fan favorite. This is malpractice. The only way it's even remotely acceptable is if we somehow end up with Sorokin coming over and excelling, while we sign Panarin and Marner.
That basically means you're paying $15 MM a year for Panarin. He's good, but not that good.
I'd fly him to the Hamptons in a helicopter, get dinner at some fancy restaurant in Southampton, and have the guys on the team take him out partying there. Explain that Long Island is fun too (rumor has it he enjoys partying on the beach, which is why he's considering Florida), and both NYC (which the Rags will show him anyway) and the Hamptons are close by. Show him the plans for Belmont and give him a timeline of construction. Basic pitch would be that he's the missing piece of a much-improved team that's on the rise, has Barzal and Pulock at its core, a Vezina finalist goalie, and the Jack Adams winner behind the bench. We're a close-knit bunch who love to prove people wrong, and our fans are the most passionate in the league.
When did I ever say that?! Bob is great, I'm not knocking him. But what we're talking about is spending $10-11 MM on a goalie instead of $5-6 MM for a similarly great goalie. The proposed total cost of Panarin is not just the $10-11 MM that he himself wants, but also (in this scenario) the extra $5 MM we have to give to Bob ($10-11 MM salary) that we wouldn't have to give to Lehner ($5-6 MM salary).
Martin won't be here in 5 years though.
Whoa, these are some of my favorite bands. Thanks for sharing!
"And I haven't heard ANYBODY" - what is Williamson's accent?!
And that staffer too!
Voice and Duo are still going strong...
Girl in college was the daughter of cargo shipping billionaires. She got a **$60,000 per month** allowance. Supposedly she took her boyfriend on weekend trips to the Caribbean quite often.
I have so many of these stories, having gone to college with a few kids whose parents were billionaires. One girl had a **$60,000 per month** allowance. Another girl (parents weren't quite billionaires, but close) was gifted a $2 MM house to live in during college (our school was located in a very expensive neighborhood). Watching some of my fraternity brothers talk about money is incredible sometimes. In particular, one guy whose father runs a major oil company. He's been day-trading millions of dollars in stocks since he was a teenager.
Yep, I meant housemates. 5 bedrooms, $6k total per month (split slightly unequally depending on the size of each room).
This is why I'm glad to be a Yankees fan. I don't really care about football, but I've rooted for the Giants in two wins too.
If you get paid $13 or $15 MM or whatever, does that just go straight into your direct deposit? That feels like a dumb question to ask, but it's mind-boggling to think about... If true, these are probably some of the highest single direct deposits out there, since corporate executives usually get paid in stock, and get their salaries in normal biweekly installments.
18-22 year old, for college (University) in the US. Yeah I honestly have no fucking idea how that's possible, and I'd imagine some of it got saved. The vacations must have been very extravagant, and I know she also went out to fancy restaurants quite a lot, but still, it does feel like it would be more work than anything to spend that much while being in college. But then again, I didn't grow up in that world so I can only imagine.
$40k? Try $250k-300k. College has gotten very, very expensive.
Huh? My school was expensive, and I have friends with lots of debt, but it didn't have a problem "managing" us...
Cost of attendance at the best school in my home state is around $25k a year (though tuition is only around $8k I think.
Yeah but this is specifically about annual bonuses paid out on 7/1, which all gets paid at once. Tavares has a low salary, with tons of bonuses paid out every 7/1.
Well, thankfully they didn't then.
I'd give him 4 X $10.5
Yeah but Matthews never has to play past the first round either.
No problem!
65-68 in a 60 is definitely safe in the US. 10 over is usually the line in most places, but often on highways where the speed limit is 55 or 60, the flow of traffic is more like 75-80. If everyone is going 75-80 in a 65, you can go 80. It's the people who fly by going 85-90 that are going to get pulled over. Basically, you just don't want to stand out no matter what.
Yes, it would be absolutely horrifying and nonsensical. It would be understandable if we didn't already have a Vezina finalist goalie who wanted to stay put for much less money.
Things with a 20% probability do happen.
I'm glad I'm not alone. I love urban planning, love Sim City 4, but CS is an order of magnitude harder and I kind of suck at it.
You're the one who posted the tweet that says the two of them are either going to NYI or FLA...
I don't understand how you can possibly misread it like that, but whatever. The tweet says (1) they want to play together, (2) there are only two places that they are considering, (3) those two places are NYI and FLA, and (4) Panarin would prefer that they both play in FLA, but Bob hasn't decided between the two teams.
Why would signing Lehner mean he can only play 41 games? We could have him play 50 or 60 if we want - Trotz just chose to have him split pretty equally with Greiss. In fact, Greiss is a great argument for why we shouldn't sign Bob. Greiss is great, and having him only play 20 games means we're wasting cap on him because we aren't using him enough to justify having a good goalie rather than a replacement-level prospect as a backup.
Relatedly: 💩🔒
Who's Sirloin? Not sure I know that nickname
Ryan Pulock
I mean, I'm kind of sympathetic to this (ultimately, it's going to be a similar experience at first), but it's exciting to see the start of something new! Also, it'll be fun to switch from TV to phone to laptop seamlessly.
Nah, what matters is the annual expenses of the team, primarily. The cap exists so the Leafs and Rangers can't spend $150 MM a year. Even the smallest teams can afford to sign a guy to a $10 MM per year deal for the next 20 years, if they wanted to; every team has to spend a certain amount no matter what, so any single huge contract is really just helping them get to that cap floor. The rules related to this thread exist so you can't pretend that $10 MM/year player is only making $7 MM/year with a front-loaded contract.
In general, sure, but those rules didn't exist when Nashville signed this deal. They are being retroactively punished for something that was totally okay at the time.
We should release him. Why does he get to wear pinstripes again?!
Welp, it's been a good season. Hopefully we can address all of these problems for next year, as our competitive window starts to open up more.
&gt; only serves to reward the teams with the least morals. So, the Astros?
I actually suspect the Yellowstone one might not be as ridiculous as it sounds. I spent about 2 hours in Volcanoes NP, and for the next 12 hours I had an unshakeable headache. It was beautiful and an amazing sight to see, but there are real drawbacks to the sulfur for some people.
Fuck
I am not at all confident in this team anymore. Getting a little PTSD here with the way things have been going recently.
Pls no
Almost certainly a New York transplant (like myself) who's already annoyed at the dismal public transit situation.
Yep, you hit the nail on the head. SF needs a Mayor Giuliani figure to fix this whole mess. Giuliani has become a whole different animal in the past few years, but in the early 90s he was exactly what New York desperately needed.
He's both an unscrupulous security person, and a billionaire!
Seriously, the shit this city has completely normalized...
Following, in case you figure it out! It's insane how expensive it is here, even compared to New York. My friend plays multiple times a week at the Yale Club, and pays a fraction of those numbers you cited.
I'm not a big fan of the environmental damage wrought by mining (it is severe, and pervasive, all over the world). That being said, we're all to blame for it. I'm typing this on a smartphone that has some metals mined from places like Forrest's mines. I'm going to drive my car home soon, and that's made of metals too.
Sometimes doing stupid shit is kind of fun, and if we all chip in some money, we can do a lot of fun stuff together.
Sure, but that's part of my point. I'm not especially guilty on a personal level, just as Forrest isn't especially guilty on a personal level - *someone* has to mine for these metals, because we all collectively demand them.
They cut their bagels like savages though.
Yeah, but it's literally their house... They own those properties, but give the revenues to the government in exchange for remaining as the royal family, and get a salary to maintain their lifestyles.
Without a monarchy that number would be 0%, because that land would just be their private property - they'd just be a "normal" really wealthy family.
You're talking about violent expropriation of private property, and even advocating the murder of an entire family if (you deem it) necessary.
Really hope I don't die young, so yes, absolutely.
Wish ACO was back down to $30! I'm not paying $60 for it, when I could get it for XB1 for $15.
Why would that actually be more effective than through the head?
What a fucking joke.
Ah yes, vacating a sports championship title is exactly like a fucking execution!
Yeah, it's an entire culture of cheating. If anything, they'll be celebrating together with champagne tonight.
"Why bother putting people in jail? We should just say what they did in the past was wrong, but we shouldn't take away their future for something they did in the past!"
Thanks I hate it
Fuck Panarin.
I'm going to pretend the season ended a few weeks ago.
***FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK***
These Rangers fucks were doing our Yes chant too
Both in the same day would be hilarious.
I mean, that's obviously completely her fault.
"Limited" steroid use?!?! He grew like 7 head sizes!
They're also named for companies that are true local institutions, and they're people's names rather than some dumb corporate name ("RocketMortgage Arena" or whatever).
&gt;I think the worst is Coliseum, though. It's not a fight to the death. Guess you've never tried to line up for the bathroom at an Islanders game.
Citi is fine though, because it's easy to forget it isn't City.
Oh, then this seems very reasonable. Figured the claim couldn't possibly be true...
I was worried about this too, but it somehow just kind of works. I guess everyone puts their butt in basically the same position.
Shall we gather for whiskey and cigars tonight?
I was at the Coli a few weeks ago and water was gushing out of the ceiling a few rows in front of me. I'd still prefer to rock The Barn, rather than deal with Barclays.
Not just former police officer. Former head of the 8th largest police department in the entire country.
If I were worth hundreds of millions of dollars, and could simply call up another company in my field to get another lucrative job offer the same day? Absolutely. Verlander had very minimal reason not to blow the whistle.
Was there controversy?
The true shortened version is "bougie", but I can't speak to the slang version. Bougie people say "bougie", but I think the other word has a different spelling.
He's running for president. Kind of like [this guy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Robert_F._Kennedy?wprov=sfla1) was. Surely you'll agree that we don't want a repeat of that kind of thing happening?
He proudly took the subway nearly every day as mayor, and he famously always stands. (Better when you're wearing a nice suit anyway.)
two fucking shots.
YES YES YES! BEAUTIFUL GOAL!
The ideal, supportive partner, with a healthy dose of creativity!
Wut.
Letter of the law...
That's the team I know and love...
Seriously what the fuck.
Same. I'm conflicted between Biden (stability, experience) and Pete (intellect, charisma, military service), but will happily support either of them. Pete gets a lot of support among our fellow conservatives, even if we have strong disagreements with him in some areas.
The only way I stay sane. I don't know how the Mets/Isles fans do it.
Such a sloppy overtime.
Fuck this ice
Ha fuck you Nino
Hey, at least we have a point either way
At least this was less soul crushing than the rest of the games this past week
We Yankees fans are notoriously harsh on (but also supportive of!) our own players. The Yankees play in a part of New York City called The Bronx (right across the river from Manhattan).
"It's okay to lie and cheat and be a moral scoundrel, as long as you get a few extra million dollars out of it."
All 162 games?
They've been taking down all the other leagues' streaming subreddits recently, so it's only a matter of time for MLB.
That becomes a wealth redistribution system though, not just a neutral retirement system. That's a huge, huge difference. Personally, I would not support such a system, and many others wouldn't either.
Yeah, uh, following this. I would love to get my $14k a year back.
When he was 12, one of my fraternity brothers microwaved a duck. (Well, technically his friend did, but he was a witness-participant.) It exploded. Nowadays he realizes it was horrific, of course, but this came up at like 4 AM when everyone was a little sleep deprived, and there was a mix of shock, horror, and uproarious laughter as he told the story.
Unless he comes to us...
As long as he wins the World Series MVP, no, we would not care.
No? Obviously I'd prefer that he's also good during the regular season. However, if someone offered me a deal where "he's mediocre in the regular season, but a monster in the playoffs", I'll absolutely take that.
I mean, that's not a problem at all, assuming he doesn't think Walker should get in.
I forget, what was the name of the song they just played?
Thanks!
So is this guy their starter now? I feel like I haven't seen any of their other goalies recently. Haven't we played this guy all three games now?
What the hell are they doing to Barzy? Did I miss something he did that was really bad?
Mayfield has no discipline.
Well, just about!
Mayfield just cost us a shutout and broke Greiss's streak.
That is the best thing I've heard all week!
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK
WHY THE FUCK IS MAYFIELD ON THE FUCKING ICE RIGHT NOW. SIT HIS ASS DOWN.
Two Democrats had them on too. I don't think it's a partisan scheme - people just wear them as everyday watches, and forget that they're banned by this sort of thing.
Yeah, but he was also a World Series champion shortstop (and captain) on that 2009 Yankees team, and that's all that matters.
Huh?
Better than Boeing... At least Amazon won't kill hundreds of people.
"even if he never had a goal", "brothers", etc.
How about the Supersonics? Boeing is there! *awaits pitchforks*
Except for the Burj Khalifa and Kilimanjaro, this is mostly just a list of other places to travel... I was expecting more specific cool toilet locations!
Hopefully it happens this year!
Dumb question - did I miss the ASG? Just got home and was hoping to catch the end, but I assume this was the last game? My TV can't find the game, says there's a replay at 11:30 Pacific.
How so?
He has another lyric (on Basket Case) where the gender of a prostitute he sees switches from female to male over the course of one stanza.
&gt;General rule of thumb— avoid HR flunkies and Bozo recruiters. Do reach out directly to senior partners in the local offices of targeted firms. They need to hear your voice. This seems like very bad advice to me. I've never met a senior partner who said, "You know who I'd really like to hear from, unfiltered? Recent college grads who we passed on a year ago, and who already dislike their first job just 4 months in. I hope they call my direct line." I'd suggest OP either stick it out a year, or talk to the recruiters. Often, even if the job they contact you about doesn't work out, they have other leads they can match you with.
&gt;Is something like an old social media post with the N-word something you could get fired for???? Yes, absolutely it is. Privately tell your friend, and explain the gravity of it to him.
Planes are generally pretty safe, but helicopters scare me for this exact reason. I'm sure they're mostly safe, but it feels like these stories aren't uncommon.
A lot of recruiters on LinkedIn are third parties that are hired to help a firm fill a position. Often, they have a number of other positions they have to recruit for (at other firms, or even at the same firm). If you decide you're not interested in the first role they offer, they sometimes have other opportunities available that they might be able to connect you with. Do this for a few different recruiters, and suddenly you've gotten 10-12 interviews pretty easily.
The clothing thing is what really makes it absolutely, unequivocally INSANE. Making videos is I guess understandable, in the event something terrible happens and she does die. But the clothing thing? Why can't she just keep her clothes where they *already are*? It's as if they want to get them ready for an estate sale!
Yeah but if they just increase the taxes we pay without increasing the benefits, that doesn't really make it much better...
Maybe, but if you save aggressively and consistently from an early age, you will be a multimillionaire in your retirement. Generally, this makes old age a lot easier. Look at all these politicians in their 70s, 80s, and even 90s for example. Mitt Romney looks like he's 52, not 72.
How am I the first person here to recommend Schwab?! I'm a big fan, but they are online-only. No fees though, and unlimited ATM withdrawals for free anywhere in the world. No foreign transaction fees. No minimum balance, no minimum deposit. I opened an account and put $0 in it for 3 years, and then made it my main bank account when I started working full-time. Personally I use Schwab as my main bank, and I have Chase purely to get a $300 sign-up bonus and to have a physical branch in case I need it. (I also have a couple of their credit cards, though there are no special benefits for having a CC and a bank account with Chase.) I'd suggest a local credit union and an online bank (Schwab, or I guess Ally or Marcus) in your situation. Good luck!
These PRETZELS are makin' *me* THIRSTY!
Now I feel bad. As a kid, I had a beta fish in a tiny bowl, probably a half-gallon at most. He did live for 6 years, but I'm sure he wasn't very happy.
Yep! It's called the peripheral nervous system (as opposed to your brain and spine, which are part of the central nervous system)!
Seriously dude, amazing work. I love this sport's fans (especially people like you) so much, as a data analytics nerd.
Don't give them any fucking ideas.
There have actually been lots of cases elsewhere, where protestors have stopped the looters and rioters. I watched a guy who was breaking up the sidewalk stone get dragged by protestors to the police. They handed the guy over to the cops and told them to arrest him. Major kudos to them, and all others who are trying to do that.
Are you white? If so, you're probably okay to go to work. Otherwise, I'd be pretty careful. Either way, might be worth calling a city office to confirm.
Those are his constituents.
Can we split the difference at 81? I'd even take 72 happily.
Source?
Correct. Unfortunately, this is by design.
Upvoted, in the hopes that this is psyops to dissuade rioters here. Don't bother coming to Santa Clara, there's nothing here!
They store lots and lots of data in normal browsing, but claim not to store data captured while in Incognito mode.
I know you're joking, but Google takes that stuff incredibly seriously.
Oh, and important context: this happened because **DOZENS OF MTA WORKERS MADE MORE THAN $400,000 LAST YEAR BY SCAMMING THE SYSTEM**.
They would refuse to enforce the law. New York would suddenly become San Francisco.
Huh, is that really true? So no one actually stores a full log of the full URL when you're in Incognito mode?
Heh, for a lot of it, that's true. But I've never seen a dead body in New York (having spent quite a bit of time there), and I saw one on my very first Lyft through the Tenderloin once I moved here. Needles and human shit everywhere, and shoplifting is basically legal here. NYC has roughly twice as many cops per capita as SF, and much lower crime rates.
Thankfully, in this country the citizenry is armed. Not in DC, but elsewhere. We will not stand for planned massacres of civilians by the government here. (We're not nearly at that point yet, of course.)
Commenting so this doesn't get deleted - thanks in advance!
Unfortunately, the first protests in Minneapolis quickly escalated to riots, so police everywhere are worried that will happen if they don't pay enough attention to the protests.
Cast it anyway. As the co-founder and the most famous board member, push your peers to change their minds on things.
Not true.
Why can't he be closer?
Yeah, we won four straight Cups. I find it hard to believe that a guy who wasn't Potvin/Trottier/Bossy/Smith was absolutely necessary to winning even one.
What? I hate NIMBYs too, but that seems completely irrelevant here...
Still, we'd need to pay them $300k+. Housing for a family starts at ~$2M in many towns here.
If there's one thing Reddit has taught me, you should always ask "Am I being detained?" and then tell them to have a nice day as you leave. I'm a white guy and that would probably work for me in this situation.
"A quarter million" ? Dude, there are almost 40,000,000 people unemployed!
My rent is double that, and this has gone on for 3 months. I'm lucky that my job hasn't been endangered, but that's not the case for everyone.
They're adorable! Like a baby sandshrew
Sorry, but you can blame the NIMBYs for that. The Bay is designed to be very very difficult to live in, unless you're either a longstanding homeowner, or an especially wealthy tech worker. Anyone else who's new is screwed.
If NPV were adopted tomorrow, and somehow its adoption caused Trump to win a second term, I'd bet anything blue state electors refused to vote for him and the whole thing falls apart.
Exactly right.
How about the ones who started in 1975 (who are retiring soon, since that was 45 years ago - so a 25 year old then is 70 now)? They started right after Watergate, thinking it would be an amazing career. Their career was probably rewarding, but anyone going into journalism now is almost certainly screwed.
Yeah, but after 9/11 police were seen as heroes again for a decade. It wasn't until 2014 or so that BLM really kicked into gear.
Growing up in NY, I assure you they both did.
How exactly do you fix this? I'm having the same issue...
Aha! It works! I'd been in your position for the first 3 or 4 weeks of owning this thing and figured I must just not actually know what coffee grinds should look like... Watched the Encore setup video again and figured it out!
$950, but yeah - anything below that is basically legal to steal
Not all of us. Many of us China hawks loathe the CCP, but love Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan, and Korea (and their people) - and why wouldn't we? They hate China's Communist Party even more than we do, and they're some of America's closest allies!
Baseball players definitely have not forgotten.
It's not even backwards compatible right now... I have GTA V for Xbox 360, and can't play it on XB1. Why would it suddenly work on XSX?
Anyone know if GTA V will have Smart Delivery if I buy the XB1 version now? Or is it a separate purchase to get the XSX version? I'm debating buying GTA V for XB1 now (I have it for XB360), with the hope that it would get upgraded to the XSX version in the fall. Is that unrealistic? Should I just wait until it does come out for XSX? I don't want to buy it now if I would have to buy it yet again in a few months.
This is one of the best comments I've read in a long time. Perfectly said.
I'm sure there's a lot of overlap...
Thank you for understanding.
Am I to believe that only people in Houston are Astros fans?
Imagine if that happens, but we run out of hydroxychloroquine because of the feverish speculation that it might help with Covid-19, and the subsequent stockpiling by conspiracy nuts.
Got any good video links?
Or the NFL having what, a 4 game season?
Presumably he means the Astros and Red Sox scandals.
Yeah, but a quarter of the country has been out of work for 4 months while 110,000+ people died, and no one's left the house except to go to the grocery store. This would have been the perfect chance to capture millions of eyeballs. They blew it.
I get it for free through T-Mobile, but otherwise yeah I'd agree.
Who is the original Becky? I didn't realize she was a real person!
I think she's trying to improvise and deflect, after realizing she's on camera. "Oh shit, how do I play this off? I know, I'll pretend I was calling him a pig!"
This is gold.
Wait, what is it now? I thought it went from CHAZ to CHOP, but have they since also changed what CHOP stands for?
Yeah, when I saw "Mount Rainier" I figured OP had the wrong Washington...
And Judge!
Fisher is the one who still refuses to pay his minor league players. Disgusting.
His dad was... But sadly The Boss died about 10 years ago.
Good, now I don't have to boycott Banana Republic, which was a real challenge given that I tested out their polos after the J Crew bankruptcy announcement and really liked them.
Casting stuff from your phone is cool
Also, China just killed 20 Indian soldiers yesterday... Two giant nuclear countries going to war would not be fun (though it's unlikely to escalate that much).
Bob has bitch tits.
No one should reasonably be expected to wear a mask while just walking around the neighborhood with no one else within several hundred feet. Maybe if you're at high risk, but even then, transmission is very very unlikely outdoors in sunlight away from other people.
$50? That's nothing around here. The fine needs to be significantly more if it's going to be effective.
We have them at the office, and it's one of the things I miss most about working from home during lockdown now.
Bad news... We're actually *XXXX* days from Opening Day 202X...
Yep. Journalists will launder this as if it were fact.
It's also centered on Greenwich, England - a vestige of colonialism! Abolish time!
And the less you'll pay for older and smaller. We need more newer bigger options so that the older smaller houses drop in price, or are bought up and torn down to make way for larger and denser new housing.
I went for a long walk with a friend this morning, at a park. Easy to stay 6+ feet apart, and it was a nice day to get outside.
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/12/opinion/sunday/floyd-abolish-defund-police.html
Yeah, quite possible that it won't be bigger on a per-unit basis, but it certainly could be if we allowed developers to build tall enough. Replacing blocks of single-story, single-family homes with a few 10-12 story apartment buildings would enable all of those things - newer, potentially larger (though there would need to be a really radical expansion of the potential supply for this to make sense economically, or else we'll just get very small units), and definitely cheaper. It's also worth noting that while old home prices may not decline in nominal terms (prices are sticky, etc.), they will increase at a slower rate, potentially even with decreases in real prices over time. The alternative is housing prices continuing to increase 9% YoY.
I would assume most of it is from the United States
Good points, especially about the hats! How did people handle this thousands of years ago though? I guess there were still ways to cover up, but it does seem crazy that we evolved to *need* clothing.
Ah maybe that's why, since I hadn't brought the case with me on the walk (not thinking I'd need it).
It would be pretty impossible for every police department in the country to be coordinating on such a massive conspiracy theory, but for none of that to get out to the public whatsoever. The police are also a little busy right now, if you've noticed.
Isn't he like 90?!
I see that our "aw, you guys really got fucked over by the Astros" sympathy has worn out.
Thanks for this. I cancelled my subscription today, after wrestling with this whole saga for a while.
The question though is, can he beat AOC for the Senate seat? Also, does Schumer even want to retire anytime soon?
Wow. Every time I read this stuff, I feel like I live in a different world. Here in the Bay Area, everyone's taking this stuff really seriously. 6 feet of distance at grocery stores, and even at parks and other outdoor things. Everyone walks in the middle of the street if there's someone coming the other way on the sidewalk. Some people are wearing masks when they're just out for a solo walk in a park.
Eh, my friends in Arlington (where I used to live) seem to be much more back-to-normal than how things are here, but I'm sure it's still better than the rest of the country.
Sort of. It's a cult, yes, but it's also a cult that was genuinely persecuted by the Chinese government. The whole point of the performance is to convince Westerners to support the cult in its struggle against the Chinese government. So it's propaganda for a cult, but also one that's at least a little bit sympathetic (and definitely clever in its approach).
That's just not true though. A CEO should not be working in the trenches as an engineer - that's what the engineers are for. Instead, a CEO is responsible for managing the company as a whole, ensuring all of its parts are setting and working towards the right goals, and that the strategy is the best one for reaching those goals. Think about a war: the generals should be familiar with how to shoot, sure, but it's the soldiers who need to be good at doing that. The general's job is to decide where to attack, at what time, with how many men, where to deploy the tanks and air support, when to call for backup, figure out where to refuel and resupply, etc.
Yep, I totally agree that the CCP is evil. I'm a bit skeptical of Falun Gong, but the enemy of my enemy is my friend, I suppose.
I don't do fireworks, and I generally agree with you, but: what's wrong with doing it at 10 PM?! Sunset is around 8:30 PM now, and you have to do it when it's dark. 10 PM is a pretty reasonable time, really. If it were 2 AM you'd have a point there. But yes, it can cause real problems - we had a dog growing up who had seizures, and fireworks were not helpful. Other people have PTSD, and this must be a miserable time of year for them.
Yeah, this is absolutely right. Without him, we wouldn't have a team. He loved Long Island, and we love him for it (even if he was weird).
DP was the right guy, but he just got hurt all the time. His play when uninjured was excellent though - he was an All-Star, an Olympian, and dragged us to the playoffs twice when we didn't deserve it, and had enormous potential.
It was still a terrible deal even if DP hadn't gotten hurt. At the time, you're talking about trading a 20-year-old super-prospect, and hoping that an 18-year-old will be as good as the guy you already have (who has already shown elite potential). "Let's trade this guy away, so we can hopefully get someone who will be just as good!" I love DP, but this trade never made sense in the first place.
Nope, just numbers actually! And it works most of the time, but just suddenly disconnects.
Nope, still in the same boat actually!
Fuck you too, buddy. We're still working from home, arguably harder than we work in the office, and every one of us who stays home is one fewer person who can get you sick.
Yeah, I just ordered an ethernet cable - my TV actually sits right above my router, so it should be fine. Just odd and frustrating that it doesn't always work on WiFi!
Gerrit Cole
I probably wouldn't buy from IKEA if I had tk buy a couch now, but I actually like my IKEA couch. I bought it off a friend after I graduated college, and he had bought it (new) the year before when he graduated, so I'd expect it to be kind of crappy, but it's actually very comfortable if I'm either sitting in the middle of it or laying down. Otherwise, not as much, but it's better than I would have expected.
This is absolutely it. I do try to turn it down in neighborhoods or at stop lights though.
Same here too. Really looking forward to it, since I'm going from an old 1080p 40" TV with the original XB1, to a 55" OLED with the XSX. Night and day!
This reminds me: I was drinking with some friends who went to Harvard once, and they said that a lot of people wouldn't use condoms at school because it was assumed that "if you're at Harvard, you're probably not riddled with disease or anything." The rest of us looked at each other and then tried to explain that STDs don't care how smart you are.
The first half of this could be a genuine opinion held around here, so my blood pressure spiked before I even got to the end of this.
They don't like that Republicans get to use Facebook too.
