He did not steal my bike when I was 13. It was the fucker next door.
That has always bugged me.
You don't even need to turn them over, the obstruction charges are sunning themselves on the rocks like a cold blooded cow Pat.
Possibly all.
Probably some old Russian mob guy hiding out at his retirement in Florida who thinks he can just really at the feds to get off his lawn.
I think I remember this
I am fine with alternative history, and anything that has evidence to back it up. However, this sub has some kind of weird obsession with "mud floods" or something. ANd I have yet to see anything to do with that that hasn't been explained through normal known processes, or actual flooding known to history. I was hoping when I saw this to find neat bits of history that I hadn't heard of, or some new interpretations. Like for instance, the sphinx thing you mentioned. As I recall, there is evidence that the bulk of the sphinx was shaped by natural processes, wind erosion I think, but there is some hidden erosion that looks to be geologically recent water erosion, that may place the bulk of the natural part of the sphinx back to when the sahara was greener. THe carved part seems to be much more recent, and mostly in line with current archeology. All of those things have evidence. The sahara was known to be climatologically greener and wetter within human history, there are channels that look like water erosion on the sphinx. That is fascinating. THis sub would usually turn that into the atlantis aliens caused a crystal explosion that caused 5000 foot high tsunamis that washed diamonds over the sphinx or something.
It's not a normally used term in the US politics. You might want to define it.
You joke, but that actually was pretty much the Victorian ideals when Tarzan, Sherlock, and a few others were written
Warning: DO NOT STOP PETTING
This is why you leave people 1$, then they can't say they we're forgotten
Only very broadly if you squint in poor lighting.
Does your state have buyer's remorse? My state let's me retrun stuff within 30 days no matter what their policy
I believe this is taken from Pinochets regime, he would take people out and throw them out of helicopters. Make no mistake, this is an argument for violent racist genocide.
Was this Trump's blogger judge? You know, the one who never practiced law?
They weren't fucking dismissed, they we're not considered due to jurisdiction
Dismissed implies they we're looked at and dropped for some reason, this is saying we didn't even look at them cause it's not our job anymore.
Dude, Rudi guiliani is part of his defense, that's a lot cracked already.
Goddamnit, there is a fucking Cheech and Chong movie about this.
Maybe, but he hasn't always been stupid
Or a woman
Yep. It can also be black, grey, star flecked , red at sunset, and white. All valid counter arguments, unlike Flynn.
Found the redpill incel
Found the guy who doesn't actually talk to any women
&gt; completely malicious. Heres your answer.
Different rat, 90% sure this one is from @TrueFactsStated
I believe glass grenades are actually a thing.
Never ever tell someone to calm down, its pretty much the worse thing you can do. Distract them, offer alternative solutions, etc. Dealing with angry people? Take a look at the book "verbal judo", it is all about calming people down, and or deflecting their screaming around you and calming them down.
That is usually the safest, as long as you on traveled roads or someone is looking for you. There was that one guy who was stranded on the mountain pass road when they shut it down for the winter, and died like 500 yards from the road from starvation.
And if you bite, take a fucking chunk out.
&gt; I eat 188 sushis Sempai, how do you accomplish this?
Do not mix chlorox with palmolive green dish soap either. I dont know what it made, but it started fizzing and I chucked it out in the yard.
ALso, if you do leave, leave behind your plans on direction, and leave trail markers as practical so they can follow you. Blaze a trail on trees, or leave rock cairns or whatever.
What about when I am juggling knives??
More free drinks for me!! Edit: And I got the same advice 20 years ago, not because of roofies, but you dont know what the hell kind of cooties the last person to drink from it had.
&gt; Note: in order to use what you say against you in court, they must Mirandize you. This is no longer true.
THose arent killboxes, so much as kill warehouse stores.
Thats how you threaten the colonists into submission.
And didn't part of the tax "deal" incentivize companies to pick up and move overseas?
He also obstructed justice during Watergate, but no one noticed until this year
Goddamnit. We know what happens with open locked safe articles on Reddit.
Pretty sure youre right.
Yeah, his endings need more ending.
Audio book is fantastic, better than the movie. The actor does a perfect job of voicing
Oh, I enjoyed it, but it was his first book, and I think it was pretty badly written, almost a nonsensical parody, and gives a poor reflection on his later work. I mean, post apocalyptic college with mutant rats?
Some people can admit they were dumb, and fucked up, and make sure they educate others to not do the same. WE call them "grownups and parents"
From another comment, they are supposed to be attached to the weight bar to stop this from happening.
Your friend has gone metamug and I think I love her.
Get the local restaurant to display his business card. Explain he is giving out their gift cards, etc, etc,
Are you new to IT? This is better than the international standard, which includes a nonfunctional remote, and a projector you have to sign out that displays peoples heads in the foreground.
Let me guess, this is combined with the RNC "remove anyplace to get ids from minority parts of town" plan
Of course he did. Now go play with your trucks.
Despite being told the opposite by everyone.
I get a weird satisfaction just watching the markets fall. I think I am going to have a good couple of months staring at the chart blink.
&gt; It was absolutely psychotic, I finally had to confront him about it when he started telling customers the completely wrong specs on all the guns we carried. WHY WAS THIS GUY PUT INTHE GUN DEPARTMENT?!??!?!?
Your mom. /Next time use serious tag.
Customs and tsa are deemed essentail, I believe, if you already have your visas and stuff you should be fine
You do realize this bill is DOA, and makes RNC look worse, you dense motherfuckers?
So, one of Trump's appointed AG's, who went after Dems John Edwards for election fraud, ignores when it's reported about republicans. Shocking.
Then Putin and Trump will release the blackmailing information about them. All the hacked RNC emails, and all the security video Trump has of politicians having afairs at his hotels.
Nothing. He won't sign anything. Those are his orders, keep the gvt shutdown
Did they claim that in an email? They will deny saying it if you ask them
What impasse? Trump is just obstructing. He has a bill he won't sign. Dems could all go home at this point.
Nah, most of the party is compromised by Trump and Putin blackmail. RNC email got stolen also
At 530 pm on the Friday before Christmas holiday. Glad alerting the nation is a priority
Nah, that's just the excuse, he was ordered by Putin to do this. Edit: I know fox news called him mean things. I question fox news's innocence in this mess also.
The price of milk in Canada
https://modernfirearms.net/en/handguns/handguns-en/u-s-a-semi-automatic-pistols/dardick-eng/
^ ^ ^ Oh look, an example. &gt;AyTeeEllien &gt;They were spreading a virus and unfortunately too many people were infected. I have some IRL friends who still won't admit they were taken in by it despite voting for Stein. Thankfully, we're in NY, so I can't hold them directly responsible for Trump, but still. &gt;Yeah, no chance they voted for her based on her policies, it was definitely 100% Russian propaganda. They had literally no agency or willingness to think for themselves, everyone was merely a puppet of Vladimir Putin if they didn't vote for the "correct" candidate. &gt;Lucky they have a friend like you who thinks so highly of them, otherwise they would have no hope for someone to reveal their true motives to them!
That's what I mean. It's all on them.
A guy standing over a dead body with a smoking gun doesn't prove anything either.
I just replied back to someone who said Jill Stein said she couldn't have planned anything with the Russians in that Flynn picture because she didn't speak the Russian language. he's that guy.
Yeah, this has been bugging me too. The"boycott"explanation makes no sense.
INCOMING!!!
^ ^ ^ And, finally, a bot offering support. &gt;kehboard &gt;I love seeing the left eat itself like this
Yeah, who you going to believe, the guy who hangs out with trump and epstein and makes wild bullshit made up legal defenses of both of them, or anyone else?
I meant that you fell for the propaganda, not that you were a bot. Sorry, I could have been clearer.
That got mixed reviews. Want some good ones? Look up the foxfire books, they are guides for simple country living, they have knife making, hog butchering, making a grain mill, water wheel, bear hunting starting with making a rifle from iron ore, etc, etc. ALso, andother good one is public works, has a little bit of everything in it, mostly cribbed from other sources. https://www.amazon.com/Public-Works-Handbook-Self-Reliant-Construction/dp/082563041X/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1545510187&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=public+works
Sometimes?
Think its farther up in the river.
What all red private party, I missed this
Remember, Putin started trying to influence shit around 2013. Interesting timing.
I posted the text of what he wrote elsewhere on the thread
Oh, on top of that he's too fucking stupid to understand big words, and read between the lines. Which is just fine, unless you're doing diplomacy, politics, or law.
Does anyone know how many contractors this affects?
3 year old you can pick up by the back of the pants and dump him in the crib.
They werent 40 years old, they were new this year. The assault happened 40 years ago.
These assholes thing 0 government would be just swell.
&gt; But they set a rule of no politics. International policy and strategy is not politics. Finance and the state of your 401k is not politics. Not being able to go to a federal park complaints is not politics. discussing the lack of education in this country is not politics.
Morons stick together. I would stop hanging out with this moron howevr.
&gt; If evangelicals knew of his scandals they wouldn't show support. They know, they dont care because hes siggint to minorities. Evangelicalism is not about not sinning, its about banding together against black people in a socially acceptable way.
Wonder what the aliens would make of our emotions. *Gives big toothy smile*
Take a look at what and who (most) evangelicals support. They are fine with grifters, adulterer, rapists, rich, warmongers, etc, but never anyone who isnt white. There is a reason the RNC has the support of the religious right AND white supremacists/nazis.
"Fuck it, interest rates are now 10%"
Was it over when they bombed pearl harbor?
LOL. Thats just like, my opinion, man. https://d3j0sq6zklqdqq.cloudfront.net/photos/2018/07/16/107-50394-big-lebowski-1531752699.jpg
"We are concerned about trump trying to fire the fed chief" "He cant do that, we told him." "Yes, but hes still tying. it shows a lack of.." "LIQUIDITY IS FINE!!! THERE IS NO LIQUIDITY CRISIS" "Wait, what? Theres a liquidity crisis?" "Should not have said that? Was that wrong?"
No, that was the cover story.
YEs, see above.
I believe the first one kicks in at 7-10% down, and holds it for 10 minutes, then their are stairsteps after that. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trading_curb
"Hold my amphetamines and watch this..."- Trump
Racist insane garble aren't trolling.
They had to get all their short orders in
Wouldn't it have been easier to get a real cannon?
I know what I typed.
Wow, an ad i can comment on, I will actually look at it. This is a first.
Same, what is that?
You mean billions, not million s
Wow. Great PR campaign to increase sales guys. I was on the fence up till this.
&gt; /s, people, Jesus. You cant tell sarcasm from trumpters these days.
Youre from the donald, noone believes a word you say.
OK, that I can see.
Is it a tinfoil hat theory like the tinfoil hat theory about flynn selling out to turkey? Or trump being a russian dupe? Manafort and shady ukranian deals?
&gt; And it's not working out very well for them thus far. Yeah, its going pretty shitty for the rest of us too.
Only freezes for a while. I think it has to hit 10% before it shuts down for the day.
Or that hes not omnipotent
Yeah, but that .000001% keeps it interesting. And I wonder how much of that fear of humans is because they got shot at so much. How long does it take wolves to lean that the tasty monkeys arent shooting them anymore?
There is an instinct in youg children, if there is a threat they instantly try to climb up the nearest adult, weather they know who they are or not. Which makes perfectly good sense that that would be an instinct.
Against and unarmed guy. Once you start getting weapons into the mix the balance rapidly goes the other way.
That looks disgusting. Not Italian. Grew up in italian neighborhood. This is something someone who puts pineapple on their pizza would eat. I dont want to hear it, fuck your pizza pineapple.
Apparently, he didn't have permission to visit.
Yep. Still cant grow 500 years worth of trees in 200, plus it would be geologically obvious, ash isnt hard to find. Plus seeds take time to scatter, most plants arent going to grow through 2 feet of hot ash.
They cant articulate their actual point here because its holocaust denial.
Youre a bad person and you feel bad.
All 33% screamed maga and started smearing their own feces around.
He died in your custody. Your responsibility. End of story.
Um yes? Has the post been in a world of make believe for the past decade?
Federal investigators would never look in your bank!!
Federal investigators would never look in your lawyers/friends/wives bank!!
Dad needed a test subject and designed suit to physically fit son perfectly, son is only 4'2? Neural sensors need to be individually fitted. Since testing prototype, only father and son were fitted. Other users could fit new suits, but would take too much time for them to be custom fitted/made/vat grown. IS his son really his son, or a clone? Was the suit bio infrastructure grown from the sons/drs cells and the individual needs to be biocompatable? Future suits would be more generic. The suits AI doesnt like anyone else since the dad died, and keeps giving shocks when anyone else but family tries to wear it. The design for the suit is incorporated and encrypted with into the suit itself with the son neurological interface as part of the key to decrypting it. The prototype was designed only to work for the son because its enhancement fixes his crippling neuro/muscular/autistic/etc. The son is actually a clone of the doctor with a cyborg brain that is actually a part of the suit system. The suits AI and the son were raised together and it gets scared with anyone else and hides. I mean, seriously, since its an undemoed prototype, and the DR has been woking on it with the sons help, that makes it very plausible for ANYTHING to be required to make it work. Even a security oversight that seems silly, but untimely death prevented. The biometric keyfile is locked and the backup file got corrupted, only dad knew the password.
Sheep fell through ice in pond, drowned, froze in place, critters ate bits not frozen solid. Probably been there most of the winter. Edit: Bog, pond, we all float down here.
Stop lying. Post some citations. You wont.
YEah, its supporting his first statement.
No. Its the same as someone saying "Man, climate change isnt happening, the continent keeps getting colder and colder, and this year was the coldest yet. See the difference?
I have had miniture slugs escape. I think thats what they are.
&gt; Ross McKitrick – Professor of Economics, works for the fraiser institute. Oil company funded. Funding As a registered charity with the Canada Revenue Agency, the Institute files annual registered charity information returns. In 2010, the Institute reported having $4.5 million CAD in assets and $10.8 million in annual revenue.[13] The Institute depends on contributions from individuals, corporations, and foundations. It does not accept government grants or payments for research, however individual donors may claim tax credits for donations and corporate donors may claim tax deductions.[14] The Institute has received donations of hundreds of thousands of dollars[15] from foundations controlled by Charles and David Koch, with total donations estimated to be approximately $765,000 from 2006 to 2016.[16] It also received US$120,000 from ExxonMobil in the 2003 to 2004 fiscal period.[17] In 2016, it received a $5 million donation from Peter Munk, a Canadian businessman.[18] In 2012, the Vancouver Observer reported that the Fraser Institute had "received over $4.3 million in the last decade from eight major American foundations including the most powerful players in oil and pharmaceuticals". According to the article, "The Fraser Institute received $1.7 million from 'sources outside Canada' in one year alone, according to the group's 2010 Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) return. Fraser Institute President Niels Veldhuis told The Vancouver Observer that the Fraser Institute does accept foreign funding, but he declined to comment on any specific donors or details about the donations."[19] Dr singer?? Consultancies Singer has worked as a consultant for several government agencies, including the House Select Committee on Space, NASA, the Government Accountability Office, the National Science Foundation, the United States Atomic Energy Commission, National Research Council, the Department of Defense Strategic Defense Initiative, Department of Energy Nuclear Waste Panel, and the Department of the Treasury. Other clients have included the states of Virginia, Alaska, and Pennsylvania. In the private sector he has worked for Mitre Corporation, General Electric, Ford, General Motors; during the late 1970s Singer consulted with Exxon, Shell, Unocal Sun Oil, and ARCO; and Lockheed Martin, Martin–Marietta, McDonnell Douglas, ANSER, and IBM on space research.[44] He has also advised the Independent Institute, the American Council on Science and Health, and Frontiers of Freedom.[46] Noone gives a shit about that 97% shit you are harping about. The overwhelming evidence by scientists point to there being a major problem. You are posting libertarian economists who work for oil companies. You seem really enthusiastic, if misinformed. if you aren't being paid to post this nonsense, maybe you should seek funding from the same companies that are funding your sources.
And it cost them 15 bucks, and earned them a free post for advertising and goodwill on reddit. If you like audio books, they are really, really hard to beat, if you dont like them, case in point, they just showed what a decent company they are.
ASk your mom about that one
Kids died in their custody. The well-being of your prisoners is your responsibility, full stop. Doesn't matter why it happened. It might not be their fault, doesn't matter. Wanna bet they didn't do due diligence and that there are many more than 2?
Opium grab?
Yeah, well, they are still recovering. https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/article/how-a-worm-gave-the-south-a-bad-name/
Someones testing something for something bigger.
That's 25% of our soybean trade, gone, china alone. Now sure how many other countries are ditching us
A monkey with a gun. Because why not.
No, it doesn't, not in sanity land.
No, they rack up charges, then turn it over to collections, then refuse to turn the cable back on till it's been paid.
Nah, if you're that delusional, then who knows what else they are going to be nuts about. "The baby doesn't really need oxygen, and the plastic bag keeps the chemtrais off of her."
Sounds like them blaming shitty maintence of elevators on passengers and normal use.
Age or number?
No one expectations the high-vis robber
OF COURSE HE LIED ABOUT IT. Why is this even a question? He has lied about every single thing since his fucking crowd size at the goddamn inauguration. He lied about the weather. He would like about the sky being up, and then blame the media about gravity being a democratic plot by the deep STate to discredit him. He would like about the earth being round if he thought it would get him a buck or a sound byte.
These are the assholes who think no gvt is good gvt.
It's a fence now, you want Really skinny guys....
No fucking shit
Jolly rancher story
You're entire post history is defending racists, kkk, guns and porn and you are telling other people to "grow up", thanks for illustrating his point.
Do you lick the outside of your containers a lot?
Huh? What does upside down make a difference
OMG you're antivax also. Perfect.
https://www.coinbooks.org/esylum_v18n36a40.html
And yet they let the bully punch him in the head daily. They handled it nowhere near correctly.
I think it's up on YouTube if you dig around a bit.
Might be a lockout tag for working on ship machinery?
Um, any chance it's still live?
Is your husband Frank Scorpio?
Licking, not shining.
Trumps base: "so he lied, suck it libs"
Ain't hugging Nazis
Signatures on cards are not to identify, they are to acknowledge acceptance of the card and terms. Like a contract, not a fingerprint.
Nope, just bad spellcheck on phone.
Then maybe he should actually join the party other than times hes splitting the ticket?
&gt; bottom camera had nigh-vision Goddamnit. Good to know
Look around and load up some texture mods and any menu enhancements. Leave the rest of the game vanilla the first time through. And save before making any major decisions towards the end of the main quest.
This is what they voted for.
I remember this from a while back I think
You cant fix stupid
Not globally, and not after mining all the easily available resources. Civilization will not rise again if we collapse.
To go fucking where?
Makes his story sound better
Seatbelt and headrest up where it support s your head from snapping back
Pretty sure belted into driver's seat is safest these days. Lots of protection there
Or, as the rulers, the could choose not to meet with a wannabe dictator.
Stop gaslighting, I hear the clip and read the transcript myself.
Stop gaslighting
How is a foreign leader avoiding dealing with another leader at official functions not politics.
Being a true leader means having to suck it up and deal directly with unpleasant people for the good of your nation sometimes.
So obstruction of Congress on top of obstruction of Justice?
Nanny oggs speech to the townsfolk during the elven invasion.
21 mill
Maybe it was that same kid who pooped himself playing yesterday?
Ask Heather Heyer
Doubt it. They will fall in line, or this was all a ruse drummed up to make it look like they are doing something.
No fucking shit. And Twitter is the easily noticable one. Disquss or whatever it is is on every damned newspaper and stays under the radar but the comments are a cesspool of propaganda and talking points
No, a lot of them are literal bots and paid shils. It's not just morons, there are smart people being paid to spread bullshit in here.
That's how wood pegs work. You drill a round hole in 2 pieces of wood, then hammer the whittled square peg in, and the corners help lock the pieces in place! :)
That was brilliant
&gt;Russia could be working on that. I personally did not see much of the clear evidence, but let's assume there's. https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/animal-illustration-featuring-ostrich-burying-260nw-785592043.jpg
I read something years back that explains how this would have been detected. I can't find it, and it was a comment, so it may have been bullshit, but it was a quite detailed explanation with radiaion detectors and probability.
Yes yes, both sides are the same, so vote russipublican.
Yeah, but the problem is this is a complete radical redesign, not just incremental. Who is going to sign off on taking that risk, when they could still get their bonus by making a slight modification that improves fuel efficiency by 1%? And I get what you're saying, but I honestly think the companies that could afford to try this will not because they already have control of the money in the industry, and are fat and happy.
&gt;To any non-readers, he means drugs related to the procedures. You can't be sure of that, it's Trump. Edit:. Well, now we're sure. Show co-host Piers Morgan asked him why he felt the ban was needed, given Trump's recent tweets supporting the LGBTQ community. "Because they take massive amounts of drugs, in the U.S. military you are not allowed to take any drugs," Trump said. "You would have to break rules and regulations in order to have that."
Why do you have 2 alts posting in one article _ nurse _ and one-nurse
Why do you have 2 alts posting in one article _ nurse _ and one-nurse
He's from the Donald, he is impervious to your logical thought
INtrovert here. Do you hate people and talking to them, etc, or does it tire you out? I like hanging out and talking, bars, parties, whatever, but it wears me out. If that is the problem, you may be able to strike a balance.
At least 2.
It ain't pizza, who cares. Enjoy your pineapple melt
&gt;Because that was an example of a place where I think that type of talk would be more appropriate. Nowhere, in other words.
Because Trump gets a kickback under the table
Counterpoint: how I met your mother.
I am disappointed it want the same pencil as the first time. :).
You wanna spend the extra. The ground freight lions don't always make it
Luckily, the concept of gloves is unknown below the border.
&gt;sheffleer815 Trump's approval is better than 2016 and he'll be up against Hillary 2.0. We should be worried. Gee, from the Donald, still can't get over Hillary, shocked, shocked I telll you.
How will the Donald posters blame this on the liberals?
Shes a conservative nutter, look at her history.
"Just one question. If they really needed devices to keep from moving too much while being exposed" Indoor vs outdoor pictures. Indoor pictures required extreme stillness, outdoor pictures with sunlight needed a lot less exposure time, same as today. Or, you know, freeze dried horses.
Yep, if you stop watching when they are on the train platform with the umbrella, great ending, but they destroy that.
A gas leak like it usually is
Of course, it's Trump. I am sure someone slipped home 20 bucks and said to look the other way.
It's not so much growing as Godzilla falling over
Good of him to let her know how rattled he is
It's always the little guys fault, never the billionaires fault
You probably do. Take a look at your city's code of laws. Did you put on your parking brake when you parked? Did you park more than 6 I ches from the curb? Signal more than 100 feet from a corner? Etc etc
It's also thier job to provide context and history
Waiting for Trump to crash the global economy so they can buy it up cheap
You don't need no ivory tower schooling to teach you how to fuck your sister nohow.
I'm sure which one
Jesus Christ that's the actual title. What a shitstain that paper ia
Welcome to the party pal, better late than never.
Male offspring of a female dog!
Yes yes "lol, just a prank bro" isn't that what all you guys say when someone points out the misandry or whatever bigoted or harmful shit is being pushed?
Booklegger
Nah, that was pretty much a blip that they spackled over with other people's.money
Cats and boobs.
This seems familiar http://archive-media-0.nyafuu.org/wsr/image/1526/61/1526618660872.png
Nice gaslighting baby account
Except for the stuff that's correctly spelled and coherent, I'm sure that's an intern
Cable remote on a wire with 15 channel buttons and a selector switch that had to keep replacing cause you and your sibling keep yanking it away from each other by the wire.
"that they have admitted to....."
Seems likely, got any links?
So what is the right way?
How was she the worst actress?
Looks a little better than the version I played last. https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/7/71/Msfs1.00_000.png/220px-Msfs1.00_000.png Seriously, I had 1.0 with only shades of green. This looks fantastic.
That they admitted to.how many more are they hiding?
It's what everyone but pedantic gun nuts call the attachment that makes the gun quieter.
Lived in?
IQ bellcurve symmetry is impressive.
I loved the fact that the post about needing new mods didn't allow comments, says something right there
He doesn't want his daughter to become a viaibly better person than he is, all three of those things are life changing accomplishments that he has never had the guts or brains to do
EXECUTIVE TIME FROM 8-11:30, 1:30-800PM, GOLF EVERY WEEKEND AND MAKE A PROFIT. gREAT FUCKING JOB. yEAH, CAPS KEY IS SCREWED UP. sUE ME.
&gt;Yeah that's exactly what I'm doing. Read my responses and compare them to yours. Who is being the most vitriolic here? So not actually spitting on the girl, just encouraging others.
They are grownups with guns carefuy advocating genocide. Don't try to make this look like edgy 10 year olds
For fucks sake, when did people stop contacting the police in favor of contacting reddit??
&gt; and this person you're criticizing apparently did nothing useful and posted on an anonymous message board for internet points.
When you post it to reddit and not give it to the fucking police? Yes.
What about your friends?
It's fox, anyone left watching it at this point can't read.
"Man finds broken vase near blasting site, demands rewrite of all of history and geology."
Everyone has to start somewhere
I was looking forward to this, but if those guys made it fuck it.
Found the redpill kncel
&gt;Crosspost: this church hides a dark and malevolent force of evil within its halls. It's a church, that's it's job.
No. Stop lying.
"I have grave concerns, very grave. What? Of course I and the party will continue to support him and vote as he says"
If it helps any, my sister and I fought like cats and dogs when we were younger. THey will probably grow out of it after the first semester of college if my experience is any guide.
Baby account attacking the concerns of long time federal workers
"intoxicated woman loses scalp in freak ceiling fan accident"
Please stop believing everything you read without even a cursory hope check. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron(III)_chloride Used by bladesmiths and artisans in [pattern welding](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pattern_welding) to etch the metal, giving it a contrasting effect, to view metal layering or imperfections. Used to etch the [widmanstatten pattern](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widmanstatten_pattern) in iron [meteorites](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meteorites). Necessary for the etching of [photogravure](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photogravure) plates for printing photographic and fine art images in [intaglio](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intaglio_(printmaking\)) and for etching [rotogravure](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotogravure) cylinders used in the printing industry. There is an iron chlorine compound that reacts with iron, as well as multiple articles about chlorine damaging metal and steel. It sounds like the "alloy" they are talking about is surface corrosion to me. Or do you think the guy who won't let them test the handle let them take a core sample of the solid metal for testing? Which is more likely, taking to account the fact that he won't let the handle be tested, and that the experts all have other expliantions: This is some magical hammer from 50 million years ago with unknown metallurgy that survived surprisingly intact being sealed in as stone formed around it(magic non decomposing wood also), or that it's a hammer that got stuck in some crusty lime sediment in a sewer somewhere and got corroded on the surface by chlorine from municipal water supply?
You misspelled Tonkin
Worked with a guy who survived polio. Elderly guy, could walk a few steps but needed wheelchair. Spent his entire life in Pai. Due to polio.
Get Ruth Nader Ginsburg to put him in a headlock and drag him out. It will be all symbolical.
Babies take 10 months. It's a lunar month thing, combined with drs not being able to figure it out earlier than 9 months.
It's too late legally, MAYBE. But it's not to late to give your cousin's wife a heads up about something she knows nothing about and maybe save his kids. Maybe he fucked up all your lives, got help, or stopped and his kids are in no danger. But you could stop the cycle if he hasn't. Think about it. Bet your brother has.
Sorry. Maybe try therapy together before you break up?
&gt; Co-worker was sharing a realization her husband just made: &gt; &gt; /r/Prosopagnosia Seriously, I have this.
/r/Prosopagnosia Seriously, I have this.
They were hired specifically because they looked like each other. Well, knightly was to be portman's double in star wars.
I always think of what I have as the red green colorblindeness of face blindness. I can recognize people, but it takes much, much longer than most people, and its highly conditional.
Looking at the picture, how do you get them out of the box and interested in living in the hive?
Honestly? This looks like fun and mostly harmless, if youre not an idiot.
Are you sure it wasn't a spider?
Oh, that will be fun: "is the reason that you are only allowing star wars questions is that you know there will be no friendly questions about the job you did on got?" "Are you going to make the third starwars move as big a letdown compared to the first two as your works in the past have been?" "How much less in revenues are you expecting for the new star wars since you have proven you will destroy the story to fans?" "Why would anyone go to the first two movies in the star wars trilogy without seeing how the third one is since fans have been burned by you before?" "So this trilogy, are you going to have the rebel princess start suddenly and out of character start blowing up planets and slaughtering billions in the final act of the third move?" Only way it could be better if everyone in the audience stands there and states soundlessly at them untill they leave.
I have read non-fans descriptions of koalas. While they are cute, my God are they running towards extinction from stupidity.
That's fine. He can be pried loose like a tick by whoever has jurisdiction on trespassers in the White House.
Tea.
How many votes did she win the popular vote by again?
The Irishman in me has multiple concerns.....
Wait till Trump defaults on the debt.
Yep, and you Bernie Bros are why I wouldn't vote for him, the toxicity is amazing.
We can't. At least not at same scale. At least until things get much worse. Country is too big. People can't take time off work without losing their homes and medical insurance.
" you have a credit card and do not own even a single ant farm?"
A carved out rcok is a bowl. A heavy ass bowl, but still
Entering the military is exactly the same as vanishing forever Edit: /s
According to a nurse I know who had kidney stones and a kid, the stones were worse.
And they rescued the puppy i lost on the highway when I was 6 and they both live on a farm full of ponies!
Sorry, meant to be sarcasm.
Might be some kind for freemasonry thing?
They are not risking 2020, they are risking the future of America, and their future as a party. If they don't impeach I will stop supporting them as a party.
Yep. And it doesn't suppress just anyone, it supresses the biggest supporters and the strongest believers in the process. Your loudest and most enthusiastic supporters will at best become your loudest most cynical naysayers against the whole system.
That was just coulson, he didn't like the acro ym.
baby account pushing rounding up minorities
only one post ever and this is it?
The first few books are really rough around the edges, but it gets better after that.
I liked it.
They why are you posting here?
I mean, he was mind bogglingly guilty....
"rubes wait in line to give money to broke flim flam man giving cult lectures"
No, the death is on the dead goddamn innocent person that just got shot.
When did sanity become a political viewpoint?
WomEN, corrected that for you brain trust.
And stupid. Evil and smart would have actually had a plan that worked instead of a stupid one.
They just want their all white nation, that's all that matters to them.
You can't teach a stupid dog new tricks.
Have you ever considered piracy? https://image.slidesharecdn.com/adr-150206211835-conversion-gate02/95/actiondomainresponder-a-refinement-of-mvc-40-638.jpg
OR, OR, hear me out here, ancient ruins sometimes are, you know, ruined, and are reconstructed/rebuit to the best knowledge of what was there from materials from the original construct. Nope. Must be world wide conspiracy with multiple photographs documenting it.
Not fossilized, jsut dead, washes up on beaches down there all the time.
As I understand it, at a given heat and temperature, minerals become dissolved/melted and as they flow cool and condense at certain points and you wind up with concentrations. Gold may be a little more involved, since it's fairly inert, but this is how you get veins of crystals and the like.
Or, or, maybe, hear me out, they were rebuilding the ruins of an aincents and damaged structure using as much of the originals as possible, and had to fill in with modern materials. Which they then clearly documented with photographs, as all high level conspiracy s to defraud the world do. And also leave behind obvious modern construction fill ins. Because, if I was the shadowdy figure bankrolling all of this, I would have totally signed off on the completed project that shows it was reconstructed. Yep. Sounds legit.
First time I have seen it.
Florida would immediately start hitting itself
Maybe chucklefuck could have paid attention to that part of the briefing BEFORE the launched planes?
I do t understand. It's 2000+ years old and exposed to weather, and had fallen over . You get cracks and breaks from stress over that amount of time that might need to be fixed.
You realise that artists paint things using creativity, right? That there are some who specializes in imaginary landscapes and there are whole Genres of art about it at different periods I. History? Victorian England people even put fake ruins in their backyards, nevermind painting them
Only if you include sticks and fenceposts as antennas.
MUDFLOOOODS! COSMIK ENERGY!!!
Um, pretty sure that's a Ghostbusters Easter egg /reference.
Only if you forgive my snark.
Ask her what they taught her in history class when she was young, and how the viewpoint changed.
&gt; explains to me what curfew is&gt; and its bullshit. As I understand it, one way around curfiew is to carry around a pocket constitution and explain you were going to your friends house to discuss civil rights. They legally CANNOT stop you from exercising your right to assemble. Check the ACLU
Sorry, I didnt realize we were in "ALternate reality fanfiction story testing"
Got it, so memorial = anti missile system. Cant wait till mount rushmore comes online and abe lincoln starts zapping missiles with his lazor eyes!! On a more serious note, glad to see you are using a military memorial as fodder for nonsense. Do you actually dig up the dead soldiers and ask their bodies if they believe in mudfloods? Edit: Hey, a photoshopped 1960s missile system is TOTES the same as a burial place 2k years ago because they have a similar shape!!!! You could have avoided this nonsense by posting the wikipedia link instead of a photoshopped picture of the monuments implying,well, implying what? Aliens? Lost tech? Atlantis??? The pyramids should be shooting missiles?
Hey, it would actually look like you weren't retarded if you posted a link to the US GOV program instead of just a picture of a random pyramid. But you might have gotten some internet pointnts, so KUDOS!! Cause, you know, sources and documentation, some people view it as important.
Meh, this guy is posting made up bullshit, wait till somone posts sensible links. Or follow the mudflood insanity, its your call.
If you're on Android, try brave browser, chrome clone with adblock built in
Log the call dates and times so you have a record.
Yes, because it's vital that theairline serve a snack food who's proximity can be lethal to a percentage of the population because ........?
Had a friend's kid like this to the extreme, turned out her stomach was twisted or something, found out when it became an emergency, might want to mention it to his doctor next checkup.
Maybe have him brush without the paste and then do a flouride rinse?
Where is fucks_with_sneks when he's needed
Creep photographer.
Wait, what was the question?
I was expecting more broken hips....
You are free to have unpopular opinions in society. Society is free to not like you because of them.
Glad to hear you think high school/college students dont have their own opinions.
The taking off of clothes may have been a stage of hypothermia, I think it's paradoxical warmi lng? Your blood goes to your core to survive and you start feeling hot, a lot of snowbound deaths the people are found with clothes scattered around.
Baba yaga lives there.
Cold water in tank.
Ridgeback?
I am glad why you understand why no one values your opinion based on reputation and association.
Then he should have plenty of support.
What book/series is this from?
I have been carrying the same victornox Swiss army knife around for 35 years, they don't fuck around on quality.
Not that it is new but it was some kind of hidden high tech empire nonsense.
Nope. You can still have you own opinions, but when your opinions involve white supremacy or hating women, people don't like you and don't want to deal with you.
No, the bottom is open, there is no seal.
That thing is probably being held in place by the weight alone. It looks to be at least a foot and a half cube, and a cubic foot of water weights 62 pound, it's not going anywhere on a windy day.
Fair enough
Dude, you're gonna get banned pointing out facts like that. You should apologize and this whole business will be done....
Blazing saddles.
It looks like it should have made a plllpbbbbht noise
Nah, i believe in nothing without evidence or plausibility.
NO, but past evidence and plausibility mean that it will, and that it will, and continue to do so. Some of the "theories" on here claim that the sun will rise from the south and will be made of cheese tomorrow.
Even if you added in the "a" it could still go either way with this game.
Tie mentos to thread. Hang mentos under cap by thread, screw cap on to hold thread. Trim excess. Wait for mess.
You never will.
Check /r/againsthatesubreddits for the probable list.
There was a post on Reddit a year ago where a security guy found one of these on a woman's car, turned into a massive domestic abuse/stalking thing and probably saved her life, her car was tracked and I think her computers were bugged and a bunch of other things.
For their users to believe, of for sane people to believe?
&gt; says out loudly that the immigrants detained in the camps are able to walk out any time so they can't be bad. While reading about the conditions the babies are in. STOP HELPING HER. Stop interacting with her. Stop telling her when shes doing something wrong. Stop giving her more gentle warnings when shes being offensive. Start documenting, going to HR, and letting her supervisor deal with it. After all, she can walk out any time.
&gt; complete cluelessness in her 50s to talk politics at work right after being told to not talk politics Its not cluelessness, its arrogance. How dare you try to tell her what she can talk about at work. She can talk about what she wants, you must all allow it.
There is a science fiction book out there called the planiverse that explore what life wod be like in 2d. How animals could function, weather, computers, houses, etc. It was interesting, told from the view of grad students who accidentally contact a 2d world.
"let me just commit a felony from a traceable ip to own the libs!!"
Mighty smug talking about planning for unheard of heatwave.
Check the top post in here, there's a link to an essay someone wrote about the orgins.
Why break in? "HEY, TOOT TOOT, you got that plastic card I asked you to get?" "Yes Harry, but what is a jmarconevisa? "
I got banned for asking for a link for Trump's econ policy during his ama. Don't even think I was asking him directly.
So time to bulldoze all the monuments, Arlington cemetery, and all future government buildings will be identical concrete structures. Oh, also, the money will be converted to computer generated random symbols, and all military insignia will be names and numbers only. I mean, can't allow architecture, landscaping and graphic design, that's art. Would eliminate the whole nonsense about the civil war traitor statues at least.
I am surprised they actually gave "other" as an option. Does it actually let you click it?
Um, what happened to JADEHELM and CONCENTRATION CAMPS IN TEXAS????
Meh, you drink a can a week and save the empties it adds up.
&gt; you could skip the potatoes off the water and have a better chance of hitting something. They used to do this in WW2 with actual bombs too. Fly low, high speed, drop the bomb and skip it into the side of ship
Remember, he can still get security briefings.
So is lightening/Sparks essentially beta radiation?
&gt;world needed us Fixed that for you. Your arrogance is astounding.
Doesnt matter, you hang out in conspiracy and climate skeptics, no point in discussion
This would probably inspire me to put up steel reinforced posters or paint it directly on the pole.
Beer is a unit of volume, mb is a measurement of memory. 1 beer = 1 10th of a chuggabyte, 1 chuggabyte = -10 Mb per hour in terms of human memory.
How is babby formed?
NOt unless they are arguing in good faith, which most are not these days. Like if you run into an ignorant teenager of guy whos never thought about it, you might be able to educate them, but most of them are like the religious nuts who deny evolution, you can prove them wrong with all the facts you want, and they will admit you are right, and the next day they will be making the same arguments again, lying, because its not about truth, its about pushing their agenda. Sometimes for pay. Edit: See elgranddepapi83 below for an example of what I am saying. Look at his history, nothing but trolling and bad faith responses and attacks.
No, they are lying. These assholes used to use 1997 as the "Look it was hotter then REEEEEEE' example when they were cherrypicking their lies, then it was "look, it hasnt gotten hotter since then!!" now they are moving the goalposts again, because 1997 was insanely off the charts hot, so it threw off the slope of the graphs, and it looked cooler after that. Show them a graph from 1900 and see what lies they come up with next, because its been a steady rise since then.
You should report them, a doctor mocking a patient? FUck them.
I have seen xenoforming.
Might wanna delete this one
DING DING DING!!!
Goddamn what a missed hashtag opportunity #assforaus
Then you should call osha as well as the labor board, or you contries equivalents. Getting someone injured on a machine they are not trained to operate is a big nono
Whell now I know where the goddamn toxic cloud that wiped out my colony came from.
Difficulty setting level: Fucking Australia.
Thats it!!
DOnt be silly, theres no shooting. Flamethrowers. FIGHT FIRE WITH FIRE!!! Now hold my beer and watch this...
&gt; I think in some places it's against the law to stop the flow of traffic if you're not trained and authorized. Pretty sure this doesnt apply in emergencies, like metal falling out of the sky into traffic
http://www.bbk.ac.uk/psychology/psychologyexperiments/experiments/facememorytest/startup.php?r=8&amp;p=0&amp;d=1&amp;dn=0&amp;g=0&amp;m=68f7d848edeaebd6cc29371b806b3017 This is one I took that seems legit, blurry staticky CGI faces. Got a 53 IT was from teh AMA by the researcher in here a ffew weeks ago.
Yeah, cause your handwriting looks exactly like it normally does when you are blacked out and hallucinating from carbon monoxide poisoning.
&gt; Ukraine Ukrane, not even once.
Was going to give you shit about putting the cartoon ouchie stars over the cars, then I realized you were using them to cover the license plates. Carry on.
Actually, thats the one thing I would buy that hes said, his older brother died due to alcohol shit, and it scared the shit out of him. Plus, I am sure he prefers coke and adderall
Maybe, but from what I have read, they are little balls of insane muscle and thick bones what can did themselves a hole their own size in a minute or two. Im guessing that some of them do die of injuries, but a lot survive at a higher rate than most animals.
THis is pretty much any old used book store.
Back in ye olde day i saw an article about how to do with wich sand and parrifin. You put the sand in an old frying pan, heat it till it would scorch paper, then but the parrafin/wax chunk on it, let it melt and cool, then break it up into grounds.
Thats why I mentioned steamships and telegraph. Depending on how fast your FTL is it would be similar to the early days on earth, messages would cross the Atlantic in a couple of weeks, while it could make it across the continents in minutes with telegram. Depending on your ships work, it could be hours, days weeks or months for communication. OR even years i guess, if you have really slow FTL.
Super rare for them to be hauling ass in 120 degree heat running from and inferno too...
Only in Ireland are the bridges drunk by design.
Early models only had snorkels initially.
Yes, cause only old people think visual death threats are against Facebook's terms of service and would get this assholes account shut down.
Make soup if all else fails....
I fail to see the problem.
Also, how it randomly lets you skip/not skip dialogue.
&gt; Why does every Redditor assume the worst every time? Hi, are you new to this timeline???
MArtin Cadin wrote a book about this back in ye olde day. Discovered humans living at the bottom of the mariaas trench. As I recall, they have bred coral into living comptuers, a lot of biotech/breeding animals, I think ceramics, and a other things along those lines. They had the equivalent of pretty good tech and tools for what they worked with. The story was mostly about the first contact, and the fact that they remained humans despite returning to the water hundreds of thousands of years ago. Sorry I read it like 35 years ago. Fun read, cadin was big on military/aerospace, invented the book behind the 6 million dollar man and a few other things.
Neither are flippant bullshit solutions.
OMG SANITY!!!
"Principal requires underage student to go full fetish wear"
MEh. PM me. I am full of shit, but I dont know who you are and am reasonably trustworthy.
Common core is the idea/legislation in the us that all schools that get federal funding should teach the same info so everyone has the same opportunity. &amp;#x200B; This is often confused with the new way they are teaching math, which is not common core. The new math, with number lines and other stuff, is designed to fix the problem of people sucking at math. It looks stupid, using weird number lines and stuff to add 2+2, but its designed to get you working in math in ways that will be much more helpful later on when you are trying to learn advanced algebra and calc and the like. You can find stuff about it once you get past the boomer "Hu dur, look at the stupid way they are teaching math to kids these days". It looks stupid and extra, but so are training wheels on a bike until you understand their purpose.
&gt; That was like 10 years of family photos gone. They just threw the pc away because they couldn’t afford shit like geeksquad Jesus. I mean, did they think to ask ANYONE for help?
Settle down Larry
I mean, its kinda like if your car wont start and you just throw it away.
&gt;On what grounds are they arresting you? Hi. Have you met cops? Pretty sure the answer would be pay up, or go downtown on a drunk and disorderly or some such bullshit. Oh, youre arguing? Defiantly drunk and disorderly.
The entire last 4 billion years of evolution ending up with you designed you to do exactly that. That is your entire job as an organism, survive long enough to reproduce, and then do so as long as possible. Everything else is extra.
Ha. I am normally the cranky skeptic on here, but the white house has a LOT of stuff going on. It was pretty much gutted to a shell back in the 50s and rebuilt. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White\_House\_Reconstruction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_Reconstruction)
I mean, he got a free bonus dungeon, what more does he want.
I dont know what I am talking about, but could this be some kind of water hammer effect? Like somone closed a valve at the bottom and that caused a pressure spike that carried upstream as the flow halted suddenly? &amp;#x200B; How is this not just one area bursting? Wouldnt that relieve the pressure? &amp;#x200B; Edit: somone explained it better below
&gt;living mummy of China. Hey, youre the one who posted a random picture and told people "go do your own research", why wouldnt hey be dismissive and disrespectful? You began it that way.
YEah, maybe try posting one of these where the thumbnail isnt a call of cthulu cosplay book?
IT wasnt hardcore, it was merely a woman trying to sell her unwashed underwear. THen it got bought by a national realtors association, then the white house.
Translation for a Merican? Is this like a dive through liquor store or an actual bar?
Agreed. Not smart. But very brave.
"Survived" leaves a lot of leeway, but this seems to be in 2010 and she returned to at least something with riding horses
I know in alabama or kentucky they have drive through bars, it could have been one of those.
As I remeber from reading, yes. They get propelled by the solar wind and light, and I think that if they have a reflective sail they can angle it and bounce the light off at and angle and change direction that way. I cant remember if they can tack/turn using the solar wind, but I dont think so.
Theres a plate RIGHT THERE
Remember, the woman on the picture is not the asshole, as I recall the lady looks like you would expect.
Friend of mine and I did exactly that to someone on facebook. "WHat do you mean you dont believe in it? Do you now get the basic chemistry? Heres C02 ina fishtank with a thermometer, see how it gets higher than the other one" and so on, just hitting him with evidence of a good period of time. Never heard from that guy again, assuming I was blocked.
That's exactly what your actions are saying
Yes, businesses opening up without proper precautions and people out at bars and restaurants WILL spread it worse than people outside yelling at cops for a few hours.
Lookup the book " the Gift of fear". You may have sensed something on an unconscious level, someone watching you, or smelled something wrong, that was your gut telling you to GTFO. Fantastic book.
Nice, a whole front page of posts and no nazis so far!!
Depends. Some giant high tech civilzation? No. Something in the range of pacific island nations with an extensive trade network worldwide? Sure. Especially if they tended to build at the mouths of rivers that got covered by water after the last ice age.
a lack of nazis and misogyny
If my house is about to flood, they can ticket me for using the damned hydrant.
So, a hoax then.
Kind makes sense in a way, fire is just superheated carbon molecules mostly, they are really heat bending.
You know, I never thought about it, but this nickname might literally be because she can sense his power emanating from his toes as he walks.
You know what? This speaks volumes. Blown up. Injured. Stunned. Free falling through smoke and fire. Almost certain death. And what are these people doing? What they were trained to do. Flipping the switches. Going through processes. Working the goddamn problem right up until the impact kills them. Theres a reason why people are impressed by goddamn astronauts and test pilots.
&gt; A friend from Brazil once told me that they have an expression: friends and loved ones don't talk about religion, politics or football. No, this is bullshit. When your religion, politics or sports has become so fucked up that youre fine with racism, corruption, misogyny, and every other fucking thing, I want it discussed so I can cut assholes out of my life.
WHy give him the dignity of the military? Let the white house butler drag him out by the ear to the waiting DC police to book him for trespassing, for a start.
&gt; They were told to stay put which is the standard advice given to residents of tower blocks Which noone will ever listen to again.
Looks great, aside from the fact its blank. Edit: Now its working. Hey, its better than voat in that there is no actual white supremacist nazi articles on the front page.
I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass.
&gt; Get lots of molds? Add some springtails into the the thing, they eat mold.
You can add in springtail bugs, they eat mold.
Sorry, I'm all out of bubblegum.
Check out /r/raisedbynarcissists and /r/insaneparents
Be sure to contact the IRS and state tax folks after you move out to make sure she was paying the full income tax for profit for renting out the place. Might also want to contact the HOA if there is one, to find out if she can rent under their guidelines. Keep your check receipts.
Um, youre 12, stop asking your mom when you want to spend your money.
How much water does that take? Like is the whole bucket soggy, or is it just slightly damp ore? Or scrap or whatever?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq7DDk8eLs8 Probably morel like this
One bottle of vodak is standard. Safety level vodak is one bottle for each hand in case you break one.
You are not wrong, however, stockroom syndrome might not be legit. https://twitter.com/sezmohammed/status/1252500993972948992
WEll, first you need to incorporate
So is bagpipe practice.
What If I am fucking the bagpipe?
HWWWWWORNK!
Yeah, good luck with your next court case.
http://hilblairious.blogspot.com/2014/12/aluminum-aliens-and-gear-they-left.html
http://hilblairious.blogspot.com/2014/12/aluminum-aliens-and-gear-they-left.html I doubt any scientists were mistified. It par of an excavator shovel, in a hole.
&gt; , but it's possible that the doctor is an a-hole who will do it anyway. Especially considering OP lives in a small town. Sounds like an open and shut practice ending lawsuit.
Not if dads name is on the account too
Just take the money back out of her wallet!! Problem solved.
&gt; I think we will look back at it in horror some day. Today
Why do you need to disable teh gaming pc?
Depends on the meds i believe, the monthly or weekly ones can really mess your head up
Is that you donnie? It sounds like you, and your anecdotes that dont exist.
poses is spelled wrong
I realize after looking at this, I dont have the slightest idea of what the top end of these tings look like.
I used to eat peanuts with the shells on when i was a kid.
There is a particualr brain disability that does this, I saw an article about a woman who was a runner who had this, hse would just get lost and keep running fo r hours untill she got home.
Mother of wolves is noone to fuck with.
IT is the cartoon that the venture brothers does a great job of parodying.
ITs the battle flag of northern virginia, popularized by the kkk during their resurgence in the 60s. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flags_of_the_Confederate_States_of_America The actual confederate states flag is different. Unless you are cospalying in a civil war reenactment , it is a straight of racist symbol in origin, but some folks may not realize that.
Racism+sexism.
Yeah, that sometimes is doing some heavy lifting. I don't wear a mask when i am out walking because I don't get near anyone. But I wear a face fitting n95 mask all day at work, and have one in my pocket along with hand sanitizer and gloves that i wear if I go in anywhere. ANt that "sometimes" carries the same weight as the guy who only wears one after yelling at the retail clerk or waiter about it being a conspiracy.
Hmmmm, I have not been wearing my mask at drive through. I should think about that.
"I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME" https://twitter.com/BrynnTannehill/status/1277211131430535168?s=19
100% depends on the state and area.
What state? ANd general area? If you dont mind
Face the facts, you're not storing corn, you're feeding raccoons.
YEah, and hitler was nice to his dogs, whatever.
Great depression, in a pandemic, unstable climate, with a traitorous narcissist moron in charge.
