Boris should be brought and kept indoors.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
There’s no debate within the bird world. Cats kill hundreds of millions if not billions of birds each year. Cats left outdoors are ecological nightmares.
What’s the latest diet craze?
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
Yes. Because in Cleveland they they contribute to the killing of hundreds of millions if not billions of birds each year. https://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/moral-cost-of-cats-180960505/
I just watched the Peaky Blinders episode where they save the main protagonist’s son from kidnappers, so I think I’m in good murderous hands.
Thanks for the reply. I have a credit score in the 820s-830s, and yet the interest rate it offered was in the 12+% (maybe higher, they weren’t specific when I checked). It should be single digit.
I’ve not seen you provide any of that evidence.
18% is suck-my-dick levels of interest.
Go back through the thread and read the literature I linked.
The Toxoplasmosis gets IN the water...
Because your position description likely does not describe the duties of the supervisor’s position, if they were to float the job you’d (I believe) have to compete for it. They could, however, create an acting supervisor position and temporarily elevate someone (yourself or a colleague) into the position until such time as they either filled the position permanently or reorganized to dispense with the position altogether. If they elevate someone into the position, don’t be misled into thinking that it has to come from someone within your unit - your leadership is likely aware that this retirement was coming and they have a plan in place for dealing with it. If you haven’t discussed their plans for it, you might not be a part of them. Talk to your leadership ASAP to express your interests.
My sense is that she’d slice her wings using those swords, unless all her motions were poking instead of slashing.
A complaint? Or just a comment that you don’t like?
West Arabia in the east?
Given that you are “from Scandinavia”, you’ll have to become a citizen before employment with the federal government is possible. This said, it doesn’t matter where you went to school as long as the educational criteria are satisfied. I have personal knowledge of an individual that was educated at university in China prior to obtaining his citizenship and subsequent federal government employment.
If we have a recession worst than the Great Recession of 2008, I fear it’ll break the global economy. We’re already too close to the edge.
I drafted him thinking he’d become a big part of their game. Meh.
I once conducted a short-term field position and then received a letter months after completion of the job saying that they had filled the position and wouldn’t be hiring me. I can’t say this is a miscommunication somewhere in the bureaucracy, but it could be. Feel free to contact the hiring official overseeing this announcement for clarification.
You could just keep your underwear on...
It’s not necessarily about modesty, but the wasting of time. Why take off your trousers AND your underwear?
Why is that a priority when you’re under fire?
In a spreadsheet (you can use a text file if you prefer), I write the citation, a synopsis of the paper in one or two sentences, and perhaps a relevant quote (I do not rely on memory). I then organize these citations into some sort of coherent order, organized along the lines of the review I’m trying to write. The organization of this review is dictated by the point(s) I’m trying to make or emphasize. I outline, even if not completely, the review and then identify where (and why) these different citations go. Then, the writing follows naturally from there...
A ban? Why? Just downvote it and move on.
Someone should post something to r/samplesize because that’s not what happens when I’m taking my pants off. Maybe it’s because I’m not wearing skinny jeans.
Well, we know he was issued 6 pair of underwear (drawers). See Prescribed Outfit, page 19: https://media.defense.gov/2018/May/31/2001925044/-1/-1/0/1941-USN-UNIFORMREGS.PDF Beyond that, we cannot know.
Bad Guy:2, Good Guy:1. Bad Guy wins.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
Bad Guy: 2, Not Good Guy: 1.
You want to fix one coefficient and then see what the SSE is, and then plot across a range of possible coefficients? The latter is trivial once you’ve done the former, right? So, focusing on the former, wouldn’t it be sufficient to use the offset argument? e.g., https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/82411/how-to-fix-one-coefficient-and-fit-others-using-regression Or https://stat.ethz.ch/pipermail/r-help/2011-July/284448.html Loop through each value you want to test, right?
It’s hard to see the Chiefs not reconciling this situation this offseason. My hope is that Watkins takes a significant payout, but I suspect that won’t happen unless he realizes that no other team will pay him what he’s getting from the Chiefs.
I suspected this was the case. I’d be running to get to the circle knowing that bots were all about me. Once at the edge, I’d wait for them to come past and they’d simply no longer be there. This clip is evidence of how that’s happening.
I don’t know what you’re saying regarding the transfer portal, but this team is quite young. I don’t see a lot of turnover. Obviously, as you note, both AJ and Jonathan Taylor are gone as is Tyler Biadisz. They lose good depth / spot starter in David Moorman and Jason Erdmann, but they’ll have Logan Brown in the mix. I suspect Biadisz is replaced by Kaden Lyles. JT will be replaced by some combination of Garrett Groshek, Nakia Watson and Isaac Guerendo, which is good but we should expect some drop off. AJ Taylor will likely see his snaps taken up by Aaron Cruikshank and a whole slew of other young wideouts. On defense they’ll lose Chris Orr at ILB, but have Leo Chenal waiting in the wings. Zack Baun and Tyler Johnson at OLB are done but maybe we’ll see Izayah Green-May show what he was flashing at the end of last summer. OLB seems like the area of biggest weakness at the moment (maybe one of the freshmen, Cole Dakovich, Malik Reed, or Nick Herbig can find some play time, though each likely needs to get stronger and develop their skill set). The entire secondary should return and all of the starters and depth on the d-line should return. By and large, I think the team could be better than this year, but given their tough early schedule it may not look like it (it is not out of the realm of possibility they go 3-3 to start the year).
They don’t need to pay Mahomes next season.
Watkins doesn’t have a contract in 2021.
https://overthecap.com/salary-cap/kansas-city-chiefs/
And this is why eastern Washington will never form their own state separate from the west.
Just because it is two pieces doesn’t mean it’s not part of the same quarter.
If they want to entice me to carry a balance, it has to be at values that are enticing. That isn’t. So, until it is, they aren’t going to get my business. They probably wouldn’t make any money off of me, so I’m not a customer of their concern. Apparently,
Ah, yes, of course. So, between him and Green-May, one of them should be able to lock down that other spot. Hopefully, no injuries.
https://www.psypost.org/2020/01/study-suggests-tinder-is-not-very-effective-for-acquiring-new-sexual-partners-55135
https://www.nwnewsnetwork.org/post/fiery-speech-state-lawmaker-calls-eastern-washington-secede-and-form-its-own-state The traitorous state representative Matt Shea, who conspired as part of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge insurrection, has called for it.
Is Cephus leaving? He’s got a year of eligibility. I don’t think Ferguson leaves.
I don’t have near the problems everyone complains about. The graphics are a bit hazy; if they could crisp them up like last chapter I’d like it better. I’d also like tall structures like what we had in Tilted to come back; Tilted was iconic and I miss it. I like the map better now than before, because it’s not a hodge-podge like the end of last chapter. I wish they’d bring more vehicles back. I’d like 50v50 to make an appearance now and again but we’ve gone nearly the entire season without it, which makes me think it’s been vaulted (I loved the chaos of that game). I’m fine with where things are though.
It wasn’t like this last chapter.
I think the idea is that “old white men” are no longer the sole definition of what constitutes competence. We’ve not learned that yet in the US, having an old white man in office now and his top opponent being an even older white man. It was less than a century ago that women even got the right to vote in the US.
He’s got no protection for his eyes!!!
The prosperity being reaped now comes at the expense of the planet’s natural heritage, and is dispensed to a select few.
I once received a ticket (outside Denver, CO) for exceeding the speed limit of the on ramp. Apparently you cannot go the speed limit of the freeway on the on ramp. What speed you can go I have no idea.
I suffered a sub-massive pulmonary embolism after an undiagnosed deep vein thrombosis back in late 2017. I know what you’ve gone through. 16:8 IF worked great for me. Good luck on your journey.
Why the fuck would US citizens be in Iraq in the first place? Who goes and visits Iraq?
There are no Americans going to Iraq for vacation. Sorry, but they just aren’t.
‘Any number of reasons’, but are any of them good reasons?
With this President, we would use nuclear weapons, guaranteed. Things are going to get fucked.
Re: Chiefs. The Chiefs only have 5 selections. I can’t see how interior o-line is a need for the Chiefs given the paucity of picks. They took an interior lineman last season and have developed serviceable starters with lower-round or free agent selections. Wyler, Reiter, and Duvernay-Tardif, backed by Allegretti is serviceable. If they can groom another here (they’ve been developing Ryan Hunter), they’ll be fine. They have much, much bigger needs at corner. They have no corners coming back except Charvarious Ward and Rashad Fenton. They need to find the cap space to resign a friendly deal with Beshaud Breeland and select one if not two corners. They are on the hook with Hitchens (big cap hit and relatively no savings if he’s cut) and along with Damien Wilson they’re fine at linebacker, though developmental depth would be good here. I can’t see them needing to invest in a wideout after selecting Hardman last year; he’ll take more of the role of Watkins after they move on from him. They absolutely have to resign Chris Jones but I can see the possibility of a franchise and trade arrangement, to rebalance their cap and bring in some more choices. If that happens, they’ll need an impactful defensive lineman, or two. I could see something like: 1 CB Trevon Diggs, Alabama or CB Bryce Hall, Virginia 2 CB Cameron Dantzler, Mississippi State 3 RB Najee Harris, Alabama or Chuba Hubbard, Oklahoma State 4 TE Colby Parkinson, Stanford or Jake Ferguson, Wisconsin 5 DT Jordan Scotty, Oregon
Veterans are treated like the “token veteran” when their veteran preference points make them more competitive than their skill set and experience dictate.
Do you want truth or lies? It is a fact that some veterans do not have the experience and skill set of those they may be competing against for a position yet score higher than non-vets. This is fact. Or, is this fact simply too inconvenient for you?
I was hiring an ecologist and a veteran was ranked in the top 3 despite not being an ecologist and instead was an engineer, a fucking mechanical engineer. What the fuck am I going to do with a mechanical engineer when I need an ecologist? Don’t tell me veterans don’t jump the queue because of their points. They do. I’ve seen it time and time again.
And this is why veterans are treated as “token veterans”, because HR doesn’t want to deny a clearly illegitimate application from a veteran because it causes too much trouble.
I didn’t, but again it’s a fact inconvenient to your narrative.
We’re not talking about those hired. We’re talking about those among the candidate set to be eligible for hiring. In the instance I referred to, I was the hiring official. The individual was third ranked and others below him were not available to me to interview because I would have to go through the process of disqualifying this veteran. I hired the top-ranked individual given to me, but would have liked to interview the ones in positions below three. This individual was clearly not eligible but lied on his KSAs to achieve a self-rated score that ranked him higher than his education and experience would suggest. You weren’t offered a job you weren’t qualified for because you were found to not be qualified. Edit: when presented with a candidate that is clearly not suited to being hired, but which would require us to go through the disqualification process, it is easier for us to not hire at all and to re-advertise the position at a later date, perhaps with different qualifying questions.
This is nonsense. At least ten percent of the staff at my place of work is veteran, including the overall unit leader. The issue never comes up unless it’s Veterans Day or we have a veteran ineligible for a hire referred to us by HR. That’s it. We otherwise never even give it a moment’s consideration.
I’m not describing discrimination. I’m describing a system that doesn’t always function correctly.
Do I need to dox myself to prove it to you?
To verify someone lied on their KSAs isn’t trivial. It actually requires wasting a whole lot of time digging in to someone that you know at the outset isn’t right for your outfit. The easier path, as stated, is to hire from the small set before you or to close the process without making a hiring. Besides, HR is motivated to refer certain numbers of veterans to positions, so the screening for them is more lax. No civilian would ever have been referred to us with this individual’s education and experience. It simply would not, does not, ever happen. But veterans similarly situated are passed on all the time.
I am with DOI.
There is no way I’ll let my son fight for this country. We routinely throw away the lives of people who volunteer. Are we going to show more care to those drafted? Yeah, I didn’t think so. Fuck Trump and the direction this country is headed.
Spouse burps unnecessarily loud. Can’t be bothered to close her mouth.
I don’t think they understand. Trump has previously questioned why we can’t use nuclear weapons. This guy is unhinged. We cannot be surprised if he doubles down.
Is there supposed to be something in the photo because all I see is blur?
I’ve never worked with elrm but my sense is that inferences would be more robust the simpler the model. By this I mean that the number of covariates should be kept at a minimum. If there are a number of covariates to consider, it might be better to rely on model averaging using information-theoretic methods rather than ladle in a lot of covariates in a model. Again, though, i don’t have experience with elrm. Alternatively, the lsplsGlm package allows for a type of partial least squares regression with a binary outcome. This approach would allow you to examine a wide array of covariates, perhaps even more than you have data for, by creating principal components (I.e., principal component regression with the components optimized to explain variation in your response).
The US was an exporter of petroleum at times this past decade and was the world’s largest petroleum producer. We could have saved the investments in the Middle East and invested them in the US.
What you are describing is the failed philosophy of the Project for a New American Century, who espouses “hegemony” over the Middle East as a means of preventing the rise of China and Europe. Instead, the effort in the Middle East did neither, and allowed Russia to become a power that its resources don’t justify.
You seem unaware that the US was at times over the last decade the globe’s largest petroleum producer. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_oil_production
Firefox.
I had a pulmonary embolism but the emergency personnel first thought it was a heart attack. So, one of the first things they did after my arrival in the ER, after they yanked my pants off, was a guy went to town with an electric razor on my pubic hair (to put in a heart catheter). Here I am thinking maybe I’m going to die and the whole time, instead of ruminating on my life, mistakes regretted, accomplishments made, I’m wondering what it’s like to be a guy shorn of all pubic hair.
I win all the time. The problem is the FPS drop. It causes losses that have nothing to do with skill and, seemingly, everything to do with who you’re in a contest with.
What can happen if you just tell them to shove it? If you’re American, they have to let you in.
The FPS drop is a requirement of mobile? I don’t think so.
I understand the confusion completely. I hope you’re on the mend.
iPad Pro, nearly a few years old now.
The course instructor and dean are being ridiculous. This student’s situation may affect her performance, but it isn’t on you to rectify it by allowing her to skate through. It is on the student to succeed in spite of her disadvantages. Her grade is a fair reflection of her effort, as it should be.
Nice explanation. I appreciate it. A question: if calories are consumed in the fasting window (e.g., heavy cream in coffee), but all of them come from fat, what happens? Does it halt that downward decline in glucose?
Because you use a controller.
You forgot the the third leg of the stool, social security. Nearly every federal employee pays into Social Security and receives that benefit upon retirement.
We don’t have any benefit like this where I’m at.
I would say that the health care benefit actually isn’t all that good. If it’s better than the private sector, than the private sector is pathetic. Dental and vision are horrible, the amount before it kicks in is quite high, and the cost for a family isn’t cheap. Insurance is a scam so I don’t expect it to be good, but it could definitely be better.
The storms were awesome and I hope they bring them back, maybe add some rain. Can you imagine a tornado ripping through your battle area? Awesome!
I reuse every plastic bag I get, at least once. Cat litter, liners for under bathroom sink trash cans, a means of conveying garden vegetables to neighbors or friends, etc.
I didn’t understand this video. Can I get an ELI5?
Marijuana is still a federally prohibited substance, meaning that the owner of this stock would be in the sales and distribution of a controlled substance. If they do it on the street corner, their clearance would be yanked. That this is done on a ledger sheet doesn’t seem to matter.
So it shouldn’t be a surprise the clearance is revocable. Actually, it should be pretty obvious to everyone involved. My colleagues in at least one state where it was legalized were sent letters reminding them of its federal illegality and told that they are subject to drug testing at the whim of the bureau, with the threat of termination. So, revocation of clearance seems like a fairly obvious stance.
I get that. My point is that it’s a fairly obvious consistency in their stance with respect to the current federal law.
TIL Libya is in the midst of civil war.
I didn’t compare orcs to parrots.
It was a gif the first version I linked to but this sub didn’t accept that link so I had to go to the source, which shows it as a video.
Playing other races as if they’re human leads to the game being nothing more than humans wearing costumes.
Humans of all races think alike, that doesn’t mean that elves, dwarves and orcs should have to think like humans too. But, the way we play them usually makes it so. Humans in costume.
Because the point of the game is to win.
I think the additional vegetation is great. In fact, I want to see more.
Anthony Pettis would have a word with you.
No.
If you can’t watch the video, read the story about green and gray parrots.
Are you really this dense?
I haven’t deadlifted in years. Can someone explain the one palm up, the other down grip? Edit: why are people downvoting a simple question?
If you’re not narrowing this down to the devout, then you have folks like myself that get a day off work for Christmas but not Easter, eat a great meal both days, maybe visit with family (though the extra day off at Christmas makes it easier to see them then), and share gifts one day and not another. So, the advantage to Christmas is day off work and gifts. Easter can’t compete.
I didn’t realize that was what that shot was showing. Thanks for making that connection.
Blood-borne illness.
What is the 🔴?
You’ll need to do more than cast aspersions.
Where are all the microwaves?
Just to clarify, you evaluated a broad array of shape and scale parameters and none never fit well? Regardless, you should not necessarily expect a single distribution to fit perfectly, especially as the amount of data you have increases. Empirical data are likely to be a mix of different distributions, so the question you should ask is if this distribution is sufficient for your purpose?
My dad lived in the same building as Burt Ward in LA in the early 80s. It was a building that didn’t allow children to live there. Nevertheless, my sibling and I would visit my dad and to pass the time we’d run the halls and through the mezzanine. We ran by Ward’s place and saw he had Batman paraphernalia in his windows (the building had an open air interior, so the windows let in light from the interior). We ran by one time and apparently Ward had had enough with us because he came out and yelled at us, telling us to stop running and “didn’t we know that no kids were allowed here”? Burt Ward was kid of a dick.
This is assertion, not substantiation. Try harder.
How many hours does such a creation take?
What constitutes a “claim”?
Seems like portions of Russia are missing? https://www.germansfromrussiasettlementlocations.org/p/maps.html
My spouse went to high school with Jimmy Caviezel, so we don’t watch anything with him in it.
She’s beautiful in Adventureland.
I actually watched Platoon last night. Enjoyed it again after watching it oh so long ago (almost 34 years ago). The sound the weapons make sounded hollow but maybe that’s realistic - I wouldn’t know.
The Chiefs won’t have enough corners after this season. Two starters are free agents. Expect them to address this deficit.
The Germans call that Fremdschamen.
What’s the alternative?
There’s nothing in western China that would allow them to fend of the east.
That’s unsatisfactory, because everyone’s evaluation will be different leading to no more insight than if it weren’t done at all.
Until we are, we have metrics that provide relevant insight.
I keep my weight lower but reps high, 10-12. How many reps at high weight are you doing? I also only do what some call bro lifts (edit: maybe that’s not the right term, just what I’ve heard some call it: bench, pull ups, upright row, leg press, curls 3 times per week). I’m thinking maybe I should mix my workout up a bit, include some heavier weight but lower reps. Not sure what would be worth it. 4-6?
So, basically he’s saying we’ve conquered Iraq?
We’re not there for American interests.
I have seen people list nothing more than their personal address. It is done, just infrequently, usually because research takes resources an individual without affiliation doesn’t have. Are you using an institution’s resources? If so, list them. If not, then list whatever you think is correct, even if it’s just your personal address.
But for it to be conquered means it is ours.
That’s not what the Iranians think.
The US should have never invaded Iraq. We never had a valid strategic aim, it harmed America’s interests more than al Qaeda ever could, cost trillions in American wealth and caused the death and injury to many tens if not hundreds of thousands of people. It was an evil chapter in American history and exposed the hypocrisy that America is.
Worry about graduate school another time, like at about the time you complete your undergraduate degree.
I can’t make this a top-level comment because I’m not trying to change your view. I do want to correct your impression that every American takes it as a matter of faith that the US is the greatest nation. This American does not. We are no where near worthy of admiration. Fear, perhaps. Scorn, certainly. Disbelief, you betcha. But not admiration.
If you don’t want to move now, you may as well save your time and money and invest in a career that won’t entail you moving later. It’s unlikely, like very, very unlikely, you’d also be able to work upon graduation at the same institution. You’ll have to move sometime. If you’re not (edit: ready) to handle it, you won’t be (edit: ready) to handle graduate school and the subsequent moves that follow.
If you have the job and aren’t going to be in academia, then it won’t matter... as far as job prospects because you already have a guaranteed job. But when it comes to being exposed to scholarly insight, it’ll still be much more limited having come from one institution than sampling among several. Whether that matters to you (and your employer?) is unclear.
It’s apparent from OPs references to homesickness that they are clearly not ready for the rigors of graduate study. They would be better served focusing on their undergraduate degree and revisiting this topic when (if) they’re ready to see the larger world (both intellectually and literally).
Well, if it’s a matter of having to pay back your schooling, welcome to the reality of most Americans. Student loans are not uncommon (unfortunately). I didn’t finish paying off my loans until my child was ready to enter into her undergraduate studies.
This might be a matter best addressed with a student financial aid officer at your institution. I have no clue about the Canadian situation.
Ok, I changed it.
Mike McCarthy didn’t avoid free agency, it was his GM Ted Thompson, and for years it worked.
Length has no relation to whether something is capable of generating discussion. Your reasoning is flawed.
Why is this in this sub? Posted elsewhere I’ll upvote it, but not here.
Aren’t they all the dark-haired female? I don’t think I ever see any but that single random (which makes it not very random).
I don’t dispute that. My point is that the commerce, industry, finance, trade, population all exist in the east, not the west. The west could never be self sustaining if the east didn’t allow it.
That’s insane.
The Chiefs suck.
This is exactly our team. If you’ve been a fan as long as I have been, you’ve seen this time after time.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
Saisons are horrible.
I don’t know if I can watch this.
The rock you remember is dying because the people who adored it are dying.
So, you can get a delta if someone other than OP proclaims their view to have been changed, even though the parameters of that change weren’t evident before? That doesn’t make a lot of sense. CMV.
Taking food out of the mouths of babes.
You won’t get ANY full ride scholarships for subpar academic performance, no matter how good you are at math and physics. The only full rides I know are National Merit scholars and stellar underprivileged and minority students. You might expect partial scholarships, but only if you are among the top performing students at your school. Many students, even very, very good ones are lucky to see a few hundred dollars. If you’re achieving Cs rather than As, you will not garner anything.
This challenge isn’t working. I’ve completed it three times (and collected ammo at each stop) and it isn’t registering as completed.
But we don’t even know what the parameters are to change someone’s view. Someone could walk in off the street and start handing out deltas like candy at Halloween.
Why the fuck were these idiots by the freeway?
Can you point me to some literature emphasizing your point about the interpretation of the zero component? I recognized this but couldn’t figure out if I was correct and have yet been unable to disentangle prediction for the zero component from the count component (because the propensity of something occurring is as interesting as the magnitude).
Then if “it’s not much of a problem” then why are we handing out deltas or seeking them in the first place? The entire system is all out of whack when anyone can award anyone a delta for an argument made against a position no one has any understanding of. This rule alone invalidates the entire premise of the sub. OP makes a case and then seeks an argument against it. If you can be awarded a delta from someone who never made a case, then how can anyone say whether the argument is valid? See Rules A and B.
Ok, now do the second round.
[https://imgur.com/a/ZoxuITx?](https://imgur.com/a/ZoxuITx?) The link above shows a histogram of the release dates of these 50 top-selling albums. It heaps highest in the 80s. We should see the 90s surmount the 80s if we do this exercise again in 2030, if top-selling albums are still accumulating.
Facepalm requires OP to be oblivious to the irony. OP gets it.
That article was hard to follow given the renaming, it appears, of multiple ships with the name of Dilbar.
An article linked above says a staff of 41.
Did they ever hit anything? I couldn’t tell from the video. Give that it’s a helicopter why not just come to a near standstill so you can aim?
Was he even accurate, though? I couldn’t tell if he hit anything.
I’ve put in the max every year and a family of four eats that up in dental, vision, co-pays, etc no problem. Plus, they allow some portion to be moved to the next year, which would help you calibrate.
Are you concerned the paper is no longer available to the community? Put up a version on ResearchGate. Academia.edu, or your personal website.
Usually, they are paid directly to my hospital/medical provider. The only ones I have to submit for repayment are dental, chiropractic (because it’s outside) and vision.
$100K was chosen simply for illustration.
It is interesting to me that the Mississippi Alluvial Valley is delayed, largely because it is corn and soy and that comes later than natural vegetation?
What is “goes ham”?
I would rather see this as per capita GDP. My sense is a huge fraction of the growth is simply a reflection of human population growth.
This team sucks. WTF is wrong with the play calls? Started like crap the week before too. You cannot waste possessions.
I’m entirely serious. If you were satisfied by the first drive, you haven’t been watching the Chiefs long.
This team sucks.
Herm Edwards couldn’t get his team ready to start the season. Andy Reid doesn’t know how to get a team ready for a playoff game.
Doesn’t mean they didn’t suck. They were putrid to start last week, putrid to start this week. That means they suck. Get back to me when they stop sucking.
Only when they start winning.
The Chiefs are going to lose this game. Their defense can’t stop the Titans and there aren’t enough possessions left in the game.
Stopping Henry is essential and they haven’t done that.
Nice to do it once a half
They still suck. Mahomes is the only one that doesn’t.
The Chiefs are like a heroin addiction.
It’ll be this way through the whole game. I’ll either be vindicated or not. And if not, we’ll do it all over again in two weeks. That’s what watching this team for nearly 5 decades does.
All of that is invasive weed, non-native to North America.
I am. CHIEFS ARE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL. (Where they will suck ass in the first quarter.)
That blade snaps in two the first time he uses it.
Too much weight in the far end.
Tell the Australians they reap what they sow. And the Americans. Fuck, tell everyone.
I do. I like it.
I hate arm wrestling. Every time I see it, I envision someone’s arm snapping.
It’s the “almost” that I find bothersome; that it happens at all is too much for my taste.
Not everything brought to you by a newspaper qualifies as journalism.
I don’t know what your educational qualifications are but if you have a permanent job in the federal government it opens a world of opportunities to you that are not afforded to seasonals; seasonals would not qualify for some positions that are only open to permanent employees, for instance. If you want to stick with the federal government, take the permanent job and then spend the time looking for the next position, with the luxury of not needing a position but instead wanting one.
No.
His selection of Zack Baun is a complete misread of the Chiefs’ needs. He fails to understand that two of their three starting corners are free agents and they lack the money to invest here while also addressing Patrick Mahomes and Chris Jones. Besides, after Tanoh Kpassagnon’s emergence, and the return of Alex Okafor and Breeland Speaks, they have no need for ends. Baun is not an off-the-line linebacker... this is a bad pick.
I don’t see how anybody can make sense of the universe of R packages.
I don’t care what others say, I liked Bob Sutton. I’m happy with all that has transpired since his departure, but it doesn’t diminish the respect and appreciation I have for him.
This is an exciting article.
His defenses were not the best in the latter years of his tenure, but they were quite good in his initial years. I think some players simply didn’t perform. Dee Ford and Justin Houston underperformed at the end. His inside linebackers weren’t suited for the demands of the 3-4. Eric Berry was non-existent at the end. It’s hard to make up for flaws in all levels of the defense.
We can only hope.
I got ill eating bad octopus in the Yucatán the day before flying back home. I was all sorts of ill before boarding, passed out for most of one flight and was certain that immigration wasn’t going to let me in the country as I sweated buckets. But, all they said was, welcome back to the USA.
Given the low death toll, why is everyone worried? The regular flu leads to these kids of outcomes.
Like I said, I don’t care what anyone else says...
I asked why everyone is concerned. You’ve not established why that is so.
Who are the four?
I don’t follow. I do appreciate him for his contributions in his early years with the team. In the latter years, I blame the players more than the coordinator, but here too he deserves blame for not being able to adjust.
I don’t know how that is clear.
I don’t know why Griffin Grady didn’t play this season but you’d think he or Christian Bell would have been set up well to possibly start next season. Bradrick Shaw would have been in a good spot to push for a starting spot, but Nakia Watson probably has the early downs locked up, and Jalen Berger is no joke, so for Shaw it makes sense. I’m disappointed to see Aron Cruikshank depart; I don’t understand the reasoning behind that at all.
This is horrifying.
I wonder how this nest is situated because eagle nests are usually situated atop a spire (tall tree or snag, usually) that would not be climbable by a fox.
I don’t have to understand the reasoning. Nor does Cruikshank need my approval. That doesn’t preclude me from wondering why he chose to make that decision. Would you rather we not care at all?
Ah, yes, well, that helps it make more sense.
Next purchase on eBay should be a letter opener.
This sometimes happens when watching Netflix while on the treadmill at the Y. I usually switch over to Salt Fat Acid Heat.
Chiefs need corners. 2 of their 3 starting corners will be free agents after this season.
Ow
Sword too big.
The President came to town and I wondered why, so I went to that site to see if there was a reason listed. Did this at work. It was a disaster.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
It is interesting to me that tigers are generally very much solitary over much of their life when in the wild but in captivity seem quite gregarious. I do not understand.
And it’s all a mess.
Opening a bottle with your phone isn’t going to regularly end well.
He should have kept on kicking.
There are master’s theses, there are budget tables. Curation is sorely lacking.
The swords are a bit much.
Categorize it to begin with.
Americans are the fattest people in the history of the world.
I will calculate a global model and then calculate models with a single covariate to examine how the parameter estimate of the single model changes in the face of the other variables. If they are stable, then I’m fairly confident in their robustness. If they are greatly altered, I tried to understand what sort of interaction or other behavior may be afoot.
Not by numbers of fat people.
What situations do folks find themselves solving two equations with two unknowns?
This stuff always takes forever.
I have a PhD in a STEM field and can’t recall the last time I did this.
BCDA
Have you examined your model with the DHARMa package and found it fits? If your response is over dispersed, I’d drop all further consideration of normal models. I don’t see the point in log transforming your response if you have such a low measure of central tendency; I would drop that and not consider it further. Among the negative binomial models, I’d pick a package and stick with it. The only reason to fit the same model type with different packages is simply to ensure they return the same results. If they do, stick with one and drop the other. Given your concerns, simplify. Torturing the data isn’t helpful. Find a sensible path by selecting the most appropriate distributional assumption, fit sensible models that are not overparameterized, use the DHARMa package to assess model goodness of fit, perhaps use sjplot to calculate R^2 and then live with the model as it is, however it shakes out.
You’re right. Lions, tigers, cougars and other wild cats should remain outdoors. All house cats should be brought inside.
I’ve about had it. The ONLY time I lose is in close-quarter battle when my opponent is afforded the advantage of an FPS drop imposed on me. This unfair arrangement is inexplicable and did not used to exist but now happens nearly every time I play. Is it really necessary to have the latest and greatest gear to play this game? I’m not trying to compete in Cash Cups. The quality of the game has mightily deteriorated over the past year. I miss the old days.
What’s the point? That sounds like an awful waste of time unless you mean to sell your account?
I’m at level 211 and don’t have any nor do I care to get any. This season, I didn’t find the skins very interesting. I can’t see them in the lobby so it further reduces the enticement for them.
I get it.
The police do not have the authority to inflict harm.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
Keep trying. I have two cats and one does the same, but I can always drag her back in.
I started the year thinking I might be able to read one fiction a month for the year after I finished my first read in a very long time. I’m still on book two at the start of June. I just can’t bear the effort after reading tons of work-related material every day.
No, they actually don’t. Where do you suppose it says anywhere that they can exert harm? Harm. Police action may require force, but not harm. The application of pain and injury for the sake of its application isn’t policing.
These kind of cats need to be euthanized. They are unnatural predators in their environment, causing horrible ecological harm.
Now you’ve got it.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
Probably because he ate wildlife so well.
Yes, I do.
I’m not signing in to take the poll.
What is RANDU?
We let ours run free in the day time. He was the best, loved being with us, went to the litter box whenever he needed to go - the best ferret ever. Unfortunately, he was accidentally killed when he got behind the couch (where he hid socks, yarn, pacifiers, etc) and the couch slid back when someone sat on it. 😢 We had another that we couldn’t let run free for too long because she didn’t always remember to use her litter box.
Wind turbines might not be known to “kill a dolphin” but there are negative impacts to marine mammals, including strandings (https://www.mmc.gov/priority-topics/offshore-energy-development-and-marine-mammals/renewable-energy-development-and-marine-mammals/). I’m not negating the utility of electrifying cars, just trying to ensure we understand that all our actions have consequences.
When did you take your recovery? After breaking the fast? I lift before work and then don’t eat for another 5 hours; I lost considerable strength while losing weight.
Drew Brees is an idiot. This is a nitwit that got scammed out of MILLIONS of dollars. Anyone that buys that much jewelry and gets ripped off for it because he doesn’t know or pay attention to what he’s buying can’t have an informed opinion about anything material - he simply doesn’t care to understand issues even remotely taxing.
I’m amazed at the altitude you’re at over the river. This looks as high as some of the flight paths as the airlines come in to the airport. Cool video. Makes me want one. Also makes me want to know what all the regulations are for one.
So, being active in your citizenry is narcissistic?
So, if you don’t think your outdoor cat isn’t doing anything near similar to this you are delusional. Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
Read the title YOU wrote.
He’s not a Korean. He’s an American.
I absolutely love, love, love this.
A lawfully given order to a federal employee cannot be ignored or contradicted by the federal employee. If Trump has the authority to bomb his citizens then the military and other federal employees are legally obligated to carry out those orders.
Evangelicals are hypocritical so if they think they can get what they want with him as opposed to someone else, Trump will get their support again.
Ridiculous sword.
Unless they need Sorenson’s cap space or Watts fails to point upward, Soroh has little likelihood of making the squad. I’d love to see him stick with the practice squad at a minimum.
I said if. Try to read what was written. It works better that way.
At least this dick can read.
An important point is that these measures were self-reported. If one end of the political spectrum is more introspective than the other that alone could describe the differences we (might) see. There appears to be no data on true measures of mental illness.
Drew Brees is an idiot. He only feels remorse because of the backlash, not because he ever gave a shit. Great QB, dumb fucking human being.
Liberals own the waterways.
A novel depicting the persistence of four slave states persisting to this day describes a former slave indentured to serve as a bounty hunter. It’s called Underground Airline, Ben Winters. Good tale, and not inconceivable.
Why are people worried about storm visibility when the game is fundamentally broken (FPS drops during close-quarter battle)? EPIC has bigger shit to figure out.
They don’t fix anything.
It has to do with them unable to mesh devices. If you’re running a top of the line device, sure, everyone else not running one is a bot to you because EPIC has created an uneven playing field they have no interest in fixing. This storm visibility issue is the least troublesome problem ever faced in the game.
The game used to run beautifully. Used to. They knew how to do it before.
I actually think that all this hounding for scholarships isn’t worth the effort. I don’t hear enough success stories to make it worth it.
You are more than welcome to post in this forum to ensure we do not.
If an individual is flying a confederate flag as a representation of pride in Southern culture then it is pride in white supremacy baked into the culture they’re purposefully signaling.
Would you say the same of those whose ancestors fought for Nazi Germany, that they fly the flag as a sign of respect for their ancestors who died in war? Because they’re exactly the same, flags of losers championing heinous beliefs.
You should consider anyone flying the Confederate flag an outright racist because they are. No one who isn’t does.
Yes, they were racist even then, we just didn’t challenge them on their racism. Racism was and is baked into the culture of the South.
I understand demography, but it seems somewhat optimistic that India (and Mexico) will decline in abundance.
I was a research statistician for more than a decade without actually having any degrees in statistics. The federal government has a hard time hiring statisticians, computer scientists and data scientists because they can make gobs more money in the private sector. The work-life balance might be better, benefits are decent, and retirement is good, but the pay is arguably considerably less. Thus, the ability to be hired to a classification for which I have no degree. I am quantitatively trained, however, and that was essential. I was (and am) in a research position and so in many ways it’s like an academic position. I work on the things I want when and how I want. Lots of freedom, though in many ways it comes with the sideboards of having to focus on partner interests. In my department, there is a big push to hire data scientists, those with facility with big data, machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence. It’s a bit nonsensical because the people wanting those things do not understand those things.
Redneck culture IS racist. If they were to wear a KKK hood would you also say they aren’t racist?
Then they’ve made a mistake altering their game. It is worse now. The changes they made have made no improvement to gameplay and inarguably made it worse.
I’ve been around since Season 4, Chapter 1.
I don’t. Stay out of the storm. Problem solved.
They never needed to mix platforms. Mixing platforms means you have higher FPS-capable devices playing against lower FPS devices, which then causes lagging for the lower FPS devices. This arrangement is decidedly unfair and turns everyone on mobile into a bot for console/PC players. I will go to the grave believing this until a mobile, non-console player wins a cash cup championship. It hasn’t happened yet for a reason.
They do not need to mix platforms.
I’ve experienced the game enough to not be talking out of my ass.
Then we’re in agreement.
I lived in the South.
You’re asking about a long time ago. If I remember, I found a job announcement on a domain-specific listserv. Now, all jobs are on usajobs.gov. The folks I’ve hired and those in my area have hired those holding graduate degrees at a minimum, though I suspect that a candidate with great experience in industry could be viable - I just haven’t seen any. Like I said, the pay difference can be substantial and once you start making bank it’s hard to pare back.
Gameplay when you’re not even in the storm is broken. Fix that and then I’ll be concerned about the storm.
I don’t play competitive because the game is fundamentally broken.
Having the MS in Statistics followed by a PhD with emphasis on big data concepts and associated deep learning techniques would set you up well, I think. I hire Bayesians and for much of the problems I face don’t require big data facility, but more and more we evaluate solutions from a simulation perspective that is facilitated by use of a clustered computing arrangement or use of a super computer. I do have colleagues faced with burgeoning data streams; thus, we need folks able to build tools that help data contributors provide us their data and then return to them something of value (summaries, fairly simple analyses). Skill in database management, large data handling, decision support tool development (we’re on the Shiny band wagon), multisensor management, etc, is where we lack support and likely to build capacity in coming years. Ideally, we’d hire research software engineers to embed in our collaborations, to help us navigate these issues. I’m not sure leadership understands the magnitude of technical details to address this issue correctly.
I forgot all about hobbies during my doctoral work and now that I’m a couple decades past it still struggling to find out what I like to do with my spare time.
Unfortunately, I cannot tell how this differs from Current Switzerland, other than Lichtenstein being included.
Is there enough hangar space to get all aircraft below the flight deck? Seems like it would be super, super crowded.
How does Spain’s percent go down? Reanimating of the dead?
Just looking at these girls makes me think they’re British. They don’t look North American. What is it that is making them look different? I can’t quite pin it down. Edit: ah, so Australian?
This has nothing to do with the nuclear family. Get bent with your nonsense propaganda.
They are digging themselves a deeper and deeper hole. What makes them think there are no repercussions?
Some civilizations do not return after collapse. Jared Diamond has a book on just this subject called, what for it, Collapse. For some reason you can access a pdf of it here: https://uniteyouthdublin.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/collapse-jared-diamond.pdf
He may very well be a hack, but civilizations do collapse without return. Replacement, perhaps, but not necessarily return.
Make inference from them all, acknowledging the model uncertainty.
TIL about PSPP https://www.gnu.org/software/pspp/get.html
Government is not a growth industry. With debt ballooning and multi-trillion deficits, you can bet the fights in Congress will be about governmental spending. This will put future job growth in government at risk. Balancing this to some extent is the prospect of a large fraction of employees retiring. Thus, if I were you and I wanted to work in government, I would only take this job if it gave you status to begin applying for positions not open to the public. And then don’t stay in the job more than a year, and be prepared to move anywhere to get a bump in GS. Keep doing that until you are where you want to be.
dj3.js?
So, the gray has no law forbidding slavery?
“researching”, yeah, right.
I don’t follow how ‘IQ following a normal distribution’ is taken as a ‘gospel truth’. There are many people who do not subscribe to that perspective. See, for instance, Systematic exclusion of threshold effects at https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligence_quotient
I’ll echo this perspective. Some phenomena lend themselves to being characterized by a normal distribution, others do not. One simple way to perceive that the data you possess are contrary to your assumptions is to look at multiple measures of central tendency. If the mean deviates from the median, your skepticism about it deriving from a normal distribution should grow in accordance to the distance between the two. What you do about this deviation is determined by your objectives.
I would like to see MORE vegetation to increase the ability to use natural cover in a fight. I’d like to see more boulders, sturdier (more damage proof) downed logs, standing crops, etc. I’ve never subscribed to the idea that you should have to be a build-warrior to win at this game, and with the mixing of mobile with PC, a typical mobile player will never be as good as a typical PC player at building so you have to leverage other approaches to win (when a mobile player wins a mixed-platform cash cup championship perhaps I’ll change my mind)
These trumptards are ridiculous buffoons.
We should stop federal subsidization of corn syrup, cane sugar and sugar beets. Since 1995, 9.6 percent of the domestic corn produced was converted into sweeteners. This translates to $8.1 billion in taxpayer dollars spent on corn-based sweeteners and starch that are used in junk food. Sugar beets and cane sugar have similar subsidies. Plus, all three crops benefit from federally subsidized crop insurance, federally subsidized development loans, tariff protections and other federal efforts to drive up supply, reducing the cost and incentivizing its use in processed food.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors. To do any less is irresponsible pet ownership.
The last election placed more votes for Democrats. I don’t know how you get “most lean center-right” from that. You must be unaware of gerrymandering and voter suppression. If everyone were able to vote when they wanted to vote and every vote was equal, Republicans wouldn’t hold either house of Congress and couldn’t win the Presidency. The numbers show this time and time again.
Nowhere in history has socialism ever been successful? Are you unaware of the various social democratic countries of Northern Europe, many of whom have higher per capital GDP, lower gini indices and easily arguably higher quality of life?
Higher taxes is not a criticism of cities. And cities are NOT declining; the population is increasingly urban and suburban, not rural. Homelessness is a problem in any city, because social services are available in cities, not rural areas. Unemployment is also untrue. You need to come with sources because each of your positions is flawed, confusing politics with history and economics.
Please. Northern Europe doesn’t need the US for anything.
I was amazed by the amount of graffiti on ancient architecture in Greece. Greeks apparently do not care about their past.
I played a match yesterday where the storm never transpired. We were down to 20 left before I realized. Imagine having to hunt down the whole island to find 19 other opponents. I lost to the Tommy gun.
Good question. It appears to be panning, right?
The last time I saw this I suggested society would be better off if he were executed. This kind of antisocial behavior needs to be stamped out.
My wife no longer has a period. Has she stopped being a woman? Another woman I know was born without ovaries; is she not a woman?
So, you’re allowing for the possibility that there are women who do not have periods? So, what are we discussing here?
Rules? What rules? Who can use which bathroom? Those rules? What other rules are you worried about?
What rules? You said rules. Which ones?
Those aren’t rules.
Can we put the U.S. up for adoption by New Zealand? I’d like that.
Is it a necessary condition of being a woman to be able to have kids? My wife can’t (any longer); by your reasoning she’s not a woman.
Saying women can have children IS wrong when some cannot. Some, in fact many, women can have children. Some cannot but they are still women. Even fewer women can menstruate. They are women. Menstruation and the ability to have children is not a necessary condition of being a woman.
Not all women can breathe (turns out those who can’t die but that’s not relevant either).
And how is that relevant?
And still unexplained.
So, you agree then that trans women are women regardless of their ability to menstruate and give birth. If you’re not arguing for Rowling’s position (that women menstruate, because clearly we’ve established that this isn’t a necessary condition to being a woman), we have nothing further to discuss.
How they arrived? What “hows” are allowed and which are not? If all are allowed, it matters not how they got there.
SOME women menstruate. SOME women breathe. Overwhelming has no relevance to the individual who does not.
I don’t see how. Both are called woman.
There are a LOT of post-menopausal women you’ve forgotten about. They don’t renounce their womanhood because they can no longer menstruate. Regardless, some, most, it isn’t relevant. Those who do not are no less a woman. Arguing that because an overwhelming number do doesn’t mean anything to those who do not.
All women, all people, live a unique experience. Some women possess male anatomy; what of it? Has no bearing on whether they are a woman.
I like how you put men in quotes. You call them how you quoted it, we call them by how the individual chooses. And, frankly, there’s no harm to me how someone chooses to be. Nothing more is required of me than what we expect of any civilized person, that they take another for who they choose to be, not how one might wish to define them.
Some women, yes. And how is that relevant?
You’re conflating gender and sex. We were talking gender, i.e., women, not sex, i.e., female.
Are we talking biology or are we talking about what defines a woman?
So, this is about men? I thought we were discussing what defines a woman.
I don’t know what you mean to be the difference between biology and physiology. Speaking of females when meaning women means you’ve conflated gender and sex.
I think his problem is even worse than that. He’s missing the decimal in his calculation. /s
I didn’t say they were the same. Try again.
Oh, I’m quite fine with whatever words you might choose. I’m not sure you are though. Some women get periods. Not all women do. Rowling was wrong to assert that women do, because in fact some do not. There’s nothing else to discuss.
And my wife is different from a 20 year old. So? All are women.
Neither the wife or a transwoman can menstruate. That was Rowling’s contention, that women can. Not all can.
Something is wrong if a woman doesn’t get a period? I’ll tell my post-menopausal wife that something is wrong with her and report back what she says. Edit: if I were to report what my wife said, it’d probably get my post removed by the moderators.
Rowling said women menstruate. Clearly some do not. The reasons why are immaterial. That some do not means that Rowling’s suggestion is incomplete. Menstruation is not a sufficient condition to define what a woman is.
Outliers? You’ve forgotten about post-menopausal women.
Something is not wrong.
No, it isn’t about 100% of people with male anatomy can’t. That’s not what Rowling said. She said women menstruate. Not all do.
It is immaterial what it implies. This isn’t about what it means to be male, it’s what Rowling said it means to be a woman.
I don’t disagree, but this topic isn’t about biological females, it’s about women. Stop confusing gender and sex.
We’re not talking about females, we’re talking about women. Stop confusing gender and sex.
It doesn’t matter what it was intended for. It matters what it was made for.
This right here is the issue. You don’t recognize the difference between sex and gender.
Then she wasn’t talking about women.
My issue lies with the fact that sex and gender differ and to distinguish the two we say female when discussing sex (as with any animal having two sexes) and woman when discussing gender. Rowling knows this difference. She purposefully chose woman for a reason.
Was the game made for switch? Yes, it was. You can argue whether it was optimized for it but that’s another concern.
Whenever I am in a close-quarter battle, stuttering movement and freezing occurs, seemingly only when facing a pc/console player. It is patently unfair and whenever I die because of it I report the player for Cheating. Why? Because an unfair advantage afforded to one and not another is the definition of cheating. Just because Epic is aiding and abetting it doesn’t not make it cheating. It is. Epic is cheating you when placing you at unfair advantages that other players do not face. That they are making money off you could lead to liability. They do not acknowledge the deficiencies precisely because of this liability.
As it should. Our democracy is at risk.
No one said anything about saving.
Is the issue whether you should treat your response as if it were loglinear versus, say, Poisson via a log link? I’ve calculated models of both types with glmmTMB. I’d be happy to help if I understood your issue better.
You’re operating outside of my experience. Your first warning message refers to the intercept; perhaps you need to explicitly exclude the intercept (-1). Is there a reason you desire the ar() on the same time structure as the full main effects? I suspect changing ar1(1+time+I(time2)|id) to ar1(1+time|id) would sufficiently address the correlated temporal structure. Your third bullet makes me think your sample size might be either small or have areas of sparsity across the domain of the interaction (i.e., imagine one cell of a two by two being (near) empty).
Why does the cost invested per student nearly double the cost of attendance, and why are out-of-state students paying less than the amount the university spends? Wisconsin tax payers should not be subsidizing enrollees from outside the state. Edit: digging into the data, it looks like the difference is completely caused by nearly $27K expensed on research. The post is about cost-of-attendance, but university expenses on research aren’t really an investment in undergraduate education (I’m not saying that students can’t take advantage, just that it doesn’t seem like something related to an amount invested per student).
It looks fucking ugly. The stupid slanted lines atop the bed are atrocious. It looks like the ugly-ass Chevy/GMC with the stupid fucking plastic cladding. People who buy the Ridgeline and the GMC are bad people.
Ok, let me amend my statement. People who design ugly-ass trucks are bad people.
Evaluating the performance of your model based upon the data in which it is built (k-fold cross validation), evaluating the performance of your model with data collected new in time, and evaluating the performance of the model with new data in the context of prediction. The last two can be the same or similar but the latter could be applied spatially or thematically without extending the temporal dimension.
Pseudogymoascus destructans is a fungus that does not require bats to persist but is the cause of White-nose Syndrome in bats. What it lives on when jot feasting on bats I can’t rightly say.
Thanks for the warning. I left the sound off.
Fox News is horrible but none of its viewers care.
This problem exists in close-quarter battle with console/PC players. The mismatch in platforms and frame rates causes the lagging. You are now a bot for console/PC players.
I don’t follow your argument. Do you mean all players regress to some grand mean across players or that within a player’s career they regress to some individual mean? Some players have several good years followed by several bad. Regression to the mean requires one extreme to be followed by an observation closer to the mean. Similarly, some players increase in performance over their career, not reverting to the grand mean. I do not know what you mean by luck. These players have a time-varying performance which averages out over the course of their career. The mean isn’t known and is not some innate a priori state of the player, so any deviation from this unknown and time-varying state is not luck. It is simply their career, which is undefined until played. Some will increase their performance over time (the top two panels), some will not (the bottom two panels).
My daughter just completed her first year. She didn’t have a crushing load of courses. I think it would have been good socially and financially if she’d spent a small amount of her time working. Just don’t do it if you’re going to extremes with your coursework.
An animal shelter releasing a cat to the wild is an animal shelter that has no business being in business.
Only option? Euthanasia is a preferable option to putting them back in the wild.
John Stewart is looking old.
I’m a huge Chiefs fan but given Edwards-Helaire is an unknown commodity being a rookie, I’d have to go with the Green Bay Packers’ trio (at least for this year).
How does a blind woman know what color nail polish to choose?
I can see the utility of a knee on the head and neck; the brutality isn’t from the knee on the head or neck, it is from applying such force as to kill someone. The difference might be subtle, but trained professionals should understand the difference with no trouble. The problem is, too many cops are either untrained or unprofessional.
Where are you? New Zealand? That’s the only relatively normal place on the planet.
Says the guy who didn’t take the time to even access the paper let alone read it.
It’s good to know then that they didn’t.
I read the article. (Not the media, the actual article.)
I was once a Royals fan (George Brett, Amos Otis, Bret Saberhagen). Then the strike happened and I thought that there was no way a small market team could compete so I stopped watching. Then years later the Royals won, but I didn’t watch and was no longer interested. I still can’t accept the vast disparity allowed in resources among teams; it’s patently unfair.
How come voting for post was locked?
And not a single punch thrown. So, what were they trying to do again? Looked like no more than a waste of time.
It’s sad, horrifying, and unbelievable that people can do this to one another.
I’ve never considered or used YouTube as a social media platform; I wouldn’t even know how. All I do is watch videos. And WhatsApp? Isn’t that a phone service in the absence of cellular service?
What stimuli would they need to experience to not foist on their children a worse world than they experience? Surely this experience would be enough to say, I’m not procreating.
Whatever became of Diego Sanchez? I watched him in his season of Ultimate Fighter and a few fights after, including this one, but I’ve not heard his name in a long while.
Why?
I hate, hate, hate siphon. There’s no point in healing or worrying about health when you can heal up by killing a bot. It’s dumb, dumb, dumb. I also don’t want redeploy - you die, you die; start a new match but don’t come back to the one I just removed you from.
I’m fine with the AI. It’s refreshing.
Rocket?
I like to just use one chance to win.
I went years forgetting that my boss’ name was Kirk rather than Kurt. Kurt just seemed more correct. Edit: after re-reading that, I think I may have mixed it up.
I didn’t find this to be the case. I lost a lot of strength upon taking up 18:6 and losing 25lbs. I lift and run fasted and it’s several hours before I eat; that likely prevents good muscle recovery.
Given your indication that you are currently a student, you should search either Scopus or Web of Science for previous literature on your topic. Your university will almost certainly subscribe to one or the other of both. You’ll need to lay out a history of previous research on the topic and why your findings extend that understanding/insight. Once you’ve done that, given the literature you’ve cited, you could submit to the same or similar journals. If you are inexperienced in publishing science, though, don’t expect that it’ll be easily published. It may be rejected from the initial journals you submit to and require considerable rounds of revision even if given consideration. You might consider collaborating with an established scientist in your topical area to guide you through this process.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
I sense his staff has given up. No way a competent staff would allow this image into the public sphere. Remove the tie, remind him to smile, shoulders back, project confidence.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
That abstract is a disaster. The authors need an English editor because as it is written it is a word salad of nonsense.
Some of us old guys are ON blood thinners.
You don’t know my father.
No one said anything about unwilling. Google isn’t going to give you a sense of style.
Not all of us are as privileged. My high school lost its accreditation and then closed after I graduated.
Never once gave a talk as an undergrad.
Perhaps I’ve misrepresented the situation. There are some people you meet at, say, a conference that are well dressed and then there are others of us who don’t know the finer points. And it shows. You can and should learn how to dress, I’m not arguing otherwise, but to suggest that all you need to do is to google it is, as far as I’m concerned, suggesting an ease of acquisition that simply does not comport with my experiences.
I once had a calculus professor from Greece who would forget his audience was English speaking... and my TA was a Chinese national with limited English. Man, now THAT was tough.
I have concluded that pc/console players cannot beat me unless they are afforded an FPS drop advantage. I don’t die otherwise. I’m that good. I dare Epic to level the playing field so that you can witness mobile in all its glory. Tl;dr: Epic, fix your game.
This isn’t true. It’s in fact demonstrably false. Performance issues dictate who wins, not skill.
You proved my point. Thanks.
I expect the game to perform. I don’t need to compete, just play without performance issues. If it performs as expected, I’m extremely competitive. If Epic cannot deliver a quality product it shouldn’t offer that product; it should be very explicit about the type of device it’s game is made for. At present, it takes money from devices that they know cannot perform well. That is awful unethical behavior. At present you choose to abide by that awful unethical behavior because it doesn’t affect you. Just know that your wins are hollow because there are many players out there who you beat because your device is better, not because you are.
You’re winning because of your device, not your skill. If you feel good, good for you. But we all know what’s up.
Better yet, try to get ranked top 20 on your Xbox. Then you’ll see my point.
Neither do I...
That didn’t clarify it any better.
Sure, you win on Xbox One X and I win on a 2nd gen IPad Pro. I win now more than I ever did in Chapter One. But the game play has eroded considerably. The graphics are of poorer resolution and texture and movement stutters mightily whenever one engages in close-quarter battle with a pc/console player. You may not win because you’re on a newer device, but you win more because you’re on a newer device. Device quality matters, and there really isn’t anything in this game today that wasn’t in place two years ago (maybe some bots, which seem to have no effect on game play). They’ve made optimization choices to place mobile on an unlevel playing field simply to increase the bots available for pc/console (bots being mobile players, not AI). And yet they have no problem taking your money. It really is like a casino game rigged for high rollers, to keep the whales coming in. If you don’t see the role you’re playing in this, try harder.
That’s awesome!
I work with a colleague in Austria and it’s actually kind of a pain in the ass to schedule face time. Some enterprises still need people available, even if for no more than to aid collaboration. That need won’t go away even if teleworking increases. Thus, I suspect, living in far off locations well-removed from your place of employment will continue to be largely gig-type arrangements, not salaried. This said, places that can guarantee high-speed connectivity could see an increased telework population. A friend of mine, a writer, rents a home in North Dakota (away from the Bakken) for $50/month. He likes the solitude because it allows him to write. Then he uses the money he saves and travels in winter (to gather more material for writing). People can work almost anywhere (better if in an amenable time zone) if they can be easily available, even if that availability is largely electronic.
Only? I have 10. 100 sounds like heaven.
Cities aren’t ‘very polluting’, people are, and there are more in cities than not in cities. Spreading out actually increases the ecological harm because it increases the footprint of human impact. The footprint of cities is small compared to suburbia and the commute from one to the other is a killer but not the only killer. Trucking goods to all those spread out people is almost certainly going to counteract any reduction in commuter traffic.
I’m better at my job than Tang Soo Do...
Children don’t get to decide much of anything.
But that doesn’t help them much when they are children. We foist on children all sorts of things. Obesity resulting from horrible eating and exercise parenting choices is a bigger concern to a child’s health than whether they are circumcised (don’t even bother replying to the contrary). If you’re concerned about child health, then it makes sense to tackle the bigger issue. If you’re not, then I really don’t think I understand your motivation and therefore cannot convince you of it otherwise. Reveal your biases and we can address them. Keep them cloistered and it’s impossible. P.S. I’m a circumcised atheist and so is my son. Religion had nothing to do with it.
I use DarkSky. Whether it is more reliable is hard to discern. I’m not sure what benchmarks there are for identifying reliability.
Why? The same reason I don’t give them a choice as to what to eat, what to learn, what language to use, what language not to use, etc. I am their parent and decided that the benefit outweighed the consequences. This is what parenting is all about. Until such time as the evidence is unequivocal, and it isn’t for circumcision, then there is little role for society to tell a parent how they should parent.
LASIK, tattooing, braces, orthotics, insulin, exercise? Sure, if the benefit outweighs the harm, it certainly does.
I vaccinated my kids against HPV. They weren’t having sex then either. I educated my kids before they needed to apply it. I instilled in them a work ethic before they needed it. I shared my moral position before they’d be faced with the consequences of an immoral act. This is what parents do, position their children to face the world, BEFORE they have to do so.
You’re right, it doesn’t have a place in a debacle. My point wasn’t so much about health but getting a clearer declaration from OP as to where his/her position comes from. If it is a matter of health, it is legitimate to question how this issue amounts to one deserving of attention. Until we understand that, we cannot confront it.
Is there a benefit outweighing the harm? I don’t know what it is, but it’s not my place to decide for you how you raise your child. If you left it up to me, there wouldn’t be any Mormons, Amish, Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, Jews, Jains, Buddhists, etc. but you’re not leaving it up to me, right? This isn’t any different. If I see your tatted up child, I’d silently say, “what a shame”, but I say the same of children reared by God-fearing parents too. Both are equally disadvantaged to my mind. One is just not as obvious, even if more debilitating.
Child development is certainly malleable but you’re underestimating the life-long effects of parenting. As far as change, one’s attitude regarding the loss of a tooth, a foreskin, a limb, or one’s hair certainly could require change. Perspective changes everything; Steven Furtick said, Your perspective will become either your prison or your passport.
We live in a civilized society. Society should protect its citizens. We allow circumcision because the argument against it doesn’t measure up such that the negatives outweigh the benefits. Sure, your point stands. Many parents deny their children many things other parents would never condone. Society has to weigh in to negotiate the relations between its members, and on this topic it has.
We haven’t established it is unnecessary.
Better to do it as an infant than as an adult; my father-in-law had his foreskin removed as an adult and that was his conclusion.
Can you describe the risks of one versus the other? Is there a reputable risk analysis?
The consent of children isn’t necessary of a parent. That’s what makes them children.
Anything you can do in Excel you can do in R. You likely need to replicate each function you’re describing, either by finding something similar to what someone did or perhaps through canned packages. It’s hard to be more informative without knowing the particulars of your problem.
Joe is so much better.
Can you describe your process? My post-menopausal spouse is struggling.
I’ve been 18:6 since Jan 2019 and she joined me shortly thereafter and not seen any progress. She’s amending her approach with CICO which I find impossible but maybe will work for her.
More than a mouthful is wasted.
I get paid on Tuesdays.
Oh, shit, I thought this was about a Master Chef suit. That makes all the difference.
I know just-as-racist cops in Missouri. And one of these cops was spouting the same ‘civil war’ nonsense saying, “there’s a reason we own all the guns.” He also said it was the exact reason he voted for Trump, because Trump was “going to blow shit up.”
You don’t need a lawyer to go to court.
If you’re pushed out of a plane it doesn’t matter. That’s what we’re talking about.
That course is too narrow. It was just a matter of time.
You’re going to get absolutely destroyed anyway. You have NOTHING to lose. You’ve already lost it and have no recourse available to you. So, you go to court and plead your case. Emphasis on plead.
This is an example of irresponsible pet ownership. Cats should be brought and kept indoors.
The only way to get your stuff back when you can’t afford an attorney is to represent yourself in the proceeding.
Humanity is eroding the natural heritage of the world down because too many people don’t give a shit. I don’t know how old you are but it is not inconceivable that much of the natural diversity you see about you will be gone within your lifetime. If you are young, you’ve already missed out on a lot. If you are old, you should remember back to more bountiful days in your past. Either way, to keep what we have requires someone, all of us, to start giving a shit.
If this is North America, that fish should be left on the shore, or preferably several hundred feet in the adjacent woods.
Googling “why is my bathroom floor wet” doesn’t lead you to finding out you need to put up a shower curtain.
I don’t like the shoulders and the black design can fuck off.
Presumably you could easily calculate the expected mean lost box office with these data by averaging the sum for mid-March through to today and then the expected lost under varying scenarios of a return to normalcy.
Is there audio?
The fact that both American and United are booking flights at max capacity is a big “fuck that” as far as I’m concerned. I won’t fly until either I get a vaccine or one and a half rows to myself.
Cats should be brought and kept indoors. Anyone allowing their cat outdoors unsupervised is too irresponsible to have a cat. Period. And fuck you if you believe otherwise (I really don’t give a shit about your opinion on this matter. There is nothing to discuss. Nothing. Get your fucking act together and start acting responsibly.)
MuMIn::dredge
I don’t get the sense anyone is actually hiding in these structures.
I do not understand what it is we’re doing. We set a record high number of cases yesterday, both locally and nationally, locally we’ve been running above 20+ cases for at least a week, the pandemic is growing and yet we’re NOW going to go about our lives? What’s changed?
I’ve been seeing a lot of them at the bottom of the sea.
It’s not disrespectful, it’s that running back isn’t a comparatively rare talent.
LOL! Are we supposed to laugh this much in this sub?
Uh, so no decomposition? The smell of rotting whale carcass can, alone, render a location unfit for habitation.
I don’t see why people call Delaney a hero. He didn’t accomplish anything by his actions except leave to others the task of retrieving another body. It would have been better if he’d used his speed to find someone who could swim rather than take it upon himself to do something he couldn’t.
Ask a first responder if they prefer people throw themselves into harms way. He knew he could not swim. He did not save any children. He simply added to the body count. Better people use this event to motivate swim lessons. Edit: https://www.quora.com/What-do-you-do-if-you-see-someone-drowning-but-you-cant-swim Don’t put yourself in danger! Better 1 person drowning than 2. https://m.picayuneitem.com/2018/02/dont-run-back-into-a-burning-house/ The National Fire Protection Association website states that once away from a burning building, it is imperative to stay outside. “Under no circumstances should you ever go back into a burning building,” an article on the site states. https://www.ymca.net/summer-buzz/highest-risk-for-drowning
If you don’t know CPR, your first course of action should be to use the speed that got you playing in the NFL to find someone who can. Edit: I voted for every Democrat since I’ve been able to vote. I simply don’t take to hollow hero-worshipping. The lessons of Delaney’s loss of life were not learned.
I’m actually quite amazed by this development. Who would have thought they’d have it in them?
The lesson of Delaney’s death has not been learned. Too many children die each year from drowning. We are not motivated by Delaney’s so-called heroics to actually do the thing that needs doing - teach children, especially black children, how to swim. If you think Delaney is a hero, then have him motivate you to actually do some good. Until black children can swim at the same rate as white children and the deaths of all children dying from drowning declines I think Delaney’s death is nothing more than a heart-warming story for you that has no real-world relevance. If Delaney is a hero, then make his death mean something!
You have a misunderstanding of the facts. There were plenty of people in sight. Heroes are heroes because they accomplish something noble; sacrifice without accomplishment is tragedy, not heroism.
You have a duty station. Many employees would like to telework from, say, a vacation home removed from their duty station, but to do so requires approval, which is often not given except for intermittent cases. Another dimension is that foreign countries have various threat profiles that require additional consideration. For instance, traveling and working in, say, Mexico requires Department of State threat training (which includes what to do in case of kidnapping, how to extricate yourself from a mine field, etc.). Many nations you’re not allowed to take your federal devices without approval. Lots of hoops to jump. I know of individuals who had months-long stays in foreign locales, but it took a long time and many hoops to pass through before it was allowed. The principle question they ask is, how does the government benefit?
That is the job they were prepared to do. A lot of folks were saved.
No, once you lose you should get in to the next match, not the match you were just eliminated from. I don’t understand the rationale of giving a player a second chance (aside from being revived by a squad mate).
Unless you operate under different rules than we do, no, your credit will not fill up beyond 24 unless you expend your credit and then accrue new credit hours. Past unaccrued hours are exactly that, unaccrued. There is no record of them, therefore whatever effort you put in was off-book. Any hours you put in above credit should have accrued as comp. if you didn’t have permission to accrue comp you should not have worked them. The tasks left undone because you didn’t do them would have been up to your supervisor to address (in my bureau that would have been a Senior Executive). This said, I’m amazed you’re GS-15 equivalent. In my organization, 15s dictate the bureau’s direction (along with Senior Executives). If you don’t have the authority to determine allocation of staff and resources, it’s rather hard to believe the organization is, well, organized that way. You do realize that there are only a few steps between you and the president, right? (I’m 5 steps removed.) You are much, much closer to the top than the vast majority of your organization. And you don’t have the ability to execute Mission as a 15? Unbelievable.
I don’t see this at all. I find that characterization appalling and not representative of my experience.
TIL why the DOD has the lion’s share of federal discretionary spending.
Wonder what he’s up to these days?
We’re training too many PhDs for academia. There simply isn’t the number of positions to consume all that are produced. But, there also aren’t any incentives not to train more.
I only mean it in a macroeconomic sense. In my field, I would love to see more intellectual people power put to the problems we face, but it doesn’t appear society understands or is willing to pay to address the need.
We need but are not willing to spend, hence the difference.
My point had nothing to do with training PhDs for the private sector. We’re discussing the training of PhDs for academia.
It’s done? That girl got her ass kicked and still was mouthing off. Seems to me she is up for more ass-whooping.
I’ve not suggested the market forces are nebulous. You’ve captured them well.
Doesn’t appear you disagree at all.
If you rank up that fast (i.e., 12-1, 13-1, 14-1 over two years), I’d be very surprised. HR is moving glacially slow almost everywhere. The promotion is not guaranteed (which is why it is called ‘potential’). To activate that potential, someone needs convincing that you deserve the higher grade. If they thought now that you deserved the higher grade, they’d more likely bring you in at 12-(some higher step). One colleague was hired at GS-12 step 10 to be made equivalent to what he could get in industry. I was brought in as an 11 but reached 14 before my colleague. Don’t rely on the time in grade requirement reflecting the time it actually takes a behemoth bureaucracy to move on something.
