Should have kept the liver.
Wasn't that one but I do believe now that you have brought it up that it might have been a praying mantis type creature. I also don't think it was an old book. I'm thinking it was written in the late 90s or even early 2000s
He knows the area. He hasn't even updated the phone software, hasn't put in his Sim card hasn't used the unlock code provided. Unfortunately there's a language barrier and he's flipping out at me. I just don't think it's my problem.
He is now stating I'm playing games and he'll be coming back to have me fix the phone or give his money back.
When you unlock with bell they give you an unlock code but require a non bell Sim card put in which then allows you to enter the code and truly unlock it.
Well I'm glad I didn't meet him at home at this point. And as I understand it it's generally normal practice to meet at a neutral location. I don't want some random knowing my home address when, as we see here, they could decide they're not happy with the deal after the fact.
I always ate soft boiled in the shell in an egg cup. Chop the top of the egg off with a knife. Dip toast in runny goodness
I can't really 'erd what Jeremy says, ' cause I 'ave my two Stanley cup ring', plug in my ear'
Just, the best.
Hdmi is Hdmi. The one that came with the ps4 is the same as any overpriced trash you got duped into buying.
Bench the scrub for that. You don't do something retarded like that in a game like this.
Anyone actually get Chromecast working here? Doesn't show a cast symbol at all.
Have gotten the weekly update every week for years and now I havent had one since Dec 20th :(
Some hail corporate action here boys
Yeah a middling average (even for tell tale) game with mixed reviews from the beginning game has someone this amped up? Eh I'm not believing that. Oh its so amazing and the music is just incredible! And, that's not all there's more!! You even get a platinum! Can you believe it, 10/10 game of the year hands down. Don't pass on this one!! Get it today!
Yes you're right. A developer has no reason to have people play their games if they don't make money off of one of them. They definitely don't want them to jump on paying for the sequel to the free game. They actually just give the games away out of the goodness of their hearts and not to foster interest in the rest of their library.
Yet
Yeah. You accept it with grace. Take it off after whatever. Don't make a selfish show and make it about you.
Always funny to see the mighty fall. I remember Alzner being so highly coveted by Avs fans who wanted to trade for him but how he was always untouchable.
Team Russia is going (as a totally not "team Russia") so the KHL will go
Right the point is that Alzner is now trash tier.
Real life
If you bought it new it has at least one year manufacturer warranty.
True. That was the best part of him being coach was his interviews. I wanted them to keep going forever
Same here last was the 29th and I have always gotten every email 3 a week or so.
So you think the Sony ads team is probably off?
Somewhat, but someone was clarifying that the lakes don't freeze over and he clarified that they can freeze over but not freeze solid. Which seems like a silly distinction when that doesn't happen anywhere.
Who is he expected to replace in the lineup?
Only needs 8 points in 3 games to catch Kutcherov. Nbd
He definitely could. In his first 3 games of the last 5 he had 3+3+2=8. So yeah it's definitely not out of the question.
Rear.
"fresh" "Tim Hortons" choose one.
Actually, they are mandated to run 5-8 minutes late when it's this cold to make sure as many people as possible are not being left waiting for the next bus. Then again if every bus is late no bus is late. They're just on a new schedule.
I literally heard it on the radio multiple times. "remember to maintain your 5 minutes late so nobody is left out in this cold"
Was on my way to work so around 8 probably
I know. Just frustrating to get there the last day before the break, win two more games and still be where we were 10 days ago. Haha
A guy wakes up and realizes he's late for the ferry, so he jumps out of bed gets dressed and runs for the pier. He sees the ferry is about 8 feet off the dock so he takes a running leap, smashes his knees and shins but he makes it on the ferry. A lady on board says to him, my God that was quite a jump but you should have just waited for us to dock.
I love the down votes in here haha. Someone wants to win
Not trying to brag, I did 37 platinums with a wife and a 2 year old. But you beat me in overall trophies by about 250 :)
Only really started going for plats at the end of 2016. Going into November or so I had like 8 or 9. Now I'm at 56.
Otherwise known as a flash sale
Plus all the 5minute chicken fight scenes. Family guy is a piece of shit show.
You have an Aussie in the NHL now. Maybe you should start watching!
Lol
Anyone notice the lines being all over the place? Rantanen was out with kerfoot, Jost was out with Landeskog. Just a mix of lines because the previous penalty kill?
Mackinnon looks hurt
I mean yeah. Nashville is more secure since they have played fewer games but Colorado could be within 2 points of Winnipeg with their games in hand. Nashville could have like a 5 point lead on them with their games in hand.
Wow Zadorov has just been awful
Is your name a Bill Burr reference?
I prefer Assassin's Creed: Bleu myself
The owner didn't want to tell you
Oh good :) I loved having my one cruising vehicle and racking up the miles
We all did
There are definitely connected bodies of water that reach coast to coast. Just check the map. And I'm not referring to mountain streams.
http://imgur.com/gallery/9Z1G4bg So the rather large river that runs to near Chicago and up to eh great lakes? There's an additional river that runs the entire width along the southern border of the map, or you can take that halfway and then head north to the great lakes as well.
Then you actually didn't know what you were arguing. At no point did i refer to it being unrealistic for there not to be a route coast to coast, my gripe was that despite the map showing connecting rivers and lakes that some rivers are too steep and have sharp 40 degree inclines which is ridiculous. There are points in some of the wide rivers where you visibly hit a steep incline. One second flat water, next second going up a hill. Im quite aware that some streams and rivers run downhill in real life. However its nothing like what is portrayed in the game.
Yeah you're right. Their only option was to have jarring 45 degree changes in a rivers angle in multiple different places. Causing the boats bow to slam into what is basically now a slanted wall.
For what? It's illegal to set them off. Hence why they're not for sale anywhere
Doubt they'll give a shit, but I'll still have to sift through the whining about it. Which will be annoying
Available in Canada for a deal?
For what it's worth i found this https://store.playstation.com/en-ca/product/IP9101-NPIA90010_01-PSNOWSUB12MO0000 Which is showing me straight up 99.99
Or how they could ruin it
Stopped getting them may 11th
Nope
How does it cost more to buy credit from somewhere else? Hint:it doesn't
And i bet a lot of money that it immediately doesn't work due to traffic
Lol, none of that is going to be added my dude.
You still choose one of these two
No they're not. There's been tonnes of dev kit pictures. You're allowed to show a dev kit, end of story
You could for like two years. You just waited too long
National geographic also sells fish tank equipment something they should be against considering the number of wild fish that are caught to be sold for hobbyists, and on top of that sell fish tanks too small to correctly house any fish at all.
It's pretty ridiculous the shit going on in here. Mind is blown at the stupidity
Ghosts of Tsushima. From Sucker punch
One of these is not like the other.
All three of those are multi platform. Useless
But Spiderman is far and away the biggest superhero
At least I'm pretty sure. Spiderman sells more merch etc than anyone else. I think it was more than the next 5 combined or something http://imgur.com/BUqziJk
Weddings are lame
Problem is they want good games not absolute trash that only an idiot would play (Ark)
When's the console release?
Dan's the one that didn't believe whiskey was actually aged.
Check the twitch chat or YouTube chat when it happened. Heh
You know the whole game can't be played vr right? They just tacked on a couple vr missions
But how? It will work for the ps4 games, and MAYBE the ps2 games. It's impossible to work for ps3 games which is about 90% of the psnow library. Downloading a ps3 game isn't going to allow the ps4 to play the game, it's not possible.
Canada here, down for me. Even had a pop up saying it's undergoing maintenance
I guess their network is working
What's up my ontario brothers
Wait is that a real place?
Not on ps4 though because that doesn't work either Edit working now
Binding of Isaac. Probably over 1000 hours
Or it will always just show for every game, but not be available for any but ps4
It's on sale for 99.99 for the year right now
You can tell something is going to be incredible before its polished. The game is years off still.
I get it, hurr hurr country music. But for the most part Keith Urban is about as far from that as you can get while still being classified as country. Doesn't really sing the typical red neck back roads, beer etc shit
Never said different. However saying a game is over 100 hours when the actual story arc of the game is more like 40 is misleading. You can put 500 hours into skyrim and not have everything done but 99% of people are going to consider that game done when they're done the story. Most RPGs for instance have hundreds of hours of crap you can keep doing, that doesn't mean the game is 500 hours long.
Wait, didn't one of the recent ones, like 16 or 17 start with the winter classic when you first started the game? That's outdoors. Anyway all I see are more gimmicks that nobody plays, and i assume the same broken mechanics the game has had for a decade
It always is.
Yes
You should stream it for us so we can see how manly you are
Avs need a second line center :)
No fucking chance the ps4 can handle a fully fleshed out Civ game. That shit is so CPU intensive especially later in the game. A new I7 will cry trying to handle that shit, the ps4 would just shut down and never start again.
These poor people that get a drop of bird shit on their vehicle from time to time. The fucking horrors of being outside and having to deal with, ugh, NATURE. FUUUUUUUCK GET SOME SPIKES ON THESE TREES.
Fill the fertilizer? The worker is buying and fertilizing at the same time. But you have to fill it with fertilizer to use that portion yourself. My guess anyway
Yeah you can change it so they don't do that but then you have to manually fill them. They'll just stop mid field
As a trophy hound this pleases me
Trials is one i was thinking of
It's like you worked really hard to find a piece of furniture that would be the worst possible situation, and to look as stupid as possible and then you asked.
Except very early on in the game i was never underlevelled. Was basically 10 levels up the entire game.
It won't usually update until a courier has scanned the package.
Had this problem using psnow about a week ago but it was fixed the next day
Ofcourse they didn't call. This is the real support line
Maybe they'd get a new engine and actually fix their broken piece of shit game
I've been playing the Sly Cooper collection, it's been fine for me. I also platinumed a racing game on there. But your mileage may vary. There have been moments of slight stutter and pixelation but not enough to bother me. Plus you can currently get 3 months for 30 bucks, or if it's your first month you can get 9.99
Mods not available on ps4. I do also have the game on pc but prefer ps4
It was a plus title years ago
Antibirth is a mod. Afterbirth and afterbirth+ are paid dlc
That I don't know. But one year is also 99.99. I assume they are stackable like ps+. But not sure
And yet those are also in the same group as horseshoe crabs, and not arachnids
Well there we go. We did it reddit
It was a. Long long way from "good". It wasn't just a disappointment it was one of the worst games of the generation.
Should be deleted. A no effort post simply looking for clicks because of the name. Edit: and look at those up votes already. Offseason idiocy has set in.
Yeah they just clicked it to up vote it because it is SUPER funny. Lmao dude has same name
Too bad it's infrastructure can handle the population of a village only.
You're further backing up the through lanes when it's not your right of way in the first place. It's like if I stop to hold a door for an old man, and people start streaming through the door I'm holding. It's not their turn to go through the door.
You played 2 games of about 550 ps3 games, and you're like "where are all the games"? To answer your question they add more games every month
That's how I see it anyway. However, assuming the right hand lane is also a through lane (for the red cars) it's also potentially blocking red cars going straight if the red car that turned right did not get far enough over.
Yeah it's definitely been cleared up recently.
Come to Canada. Toys R Us is alive and well here
The house isn't currently for sale and i can't get to the listing through the website cache. Would they still have that information?
No. Toys R Us Canada was purchased so it will continue.
I see the Avalanche haven't matured yet. Note to the league, want to beat the Avs? Just play them hard because they'll spend all their time taking stupid penalties and going after guys instead of focusing on winning the game.
Do you mean curricular?
Pot smokers seem desperate to convince people of that anyway. Whaddya got cancer? CBD. Lose a leg? CBD. Old age? CBD!
Avs allowing the Blues to look like they're not a joke. Smh
What possible use was there for that shot Andrighetto?
Hey we have bodies in the zone and could create something let's shut that down
Avs are incredible at snapping passes tape to Blues tape
I swear to fuck if there's one more giveaway like that
Beat Nashville and lose to this joke of a team lol good work boys
You're not wrong.
Au contraire. I now hope he gets knocked out so bad he retires.
Acestreams still up
Well luckily they'd have to retire about 75 numbers to run low on numbers for a full team so. Only 60 or so numbers to go.
I see the fucking retarded defensive zone giveaways continue
This game is in Detroit though?
Man this is a lively thread. Just over 1 comment per minute
Imagine if our guys ever shot it when they should how many goals we'd have?
Everytime I've noticed him he's losing the puck so I wish I hadn't seen him before now.
Wish we could get someone better than andrighetto
Larkin diving for a penalty and teammate instigates a fight for no reason but the Avs get the same discipline. Makes sense
Here's the one goal lead Avalanche shell
Let's get it on :)
Don't worry it's already fucked
You mean good job fans of other channels.
Man some of the trophy bugs in ether one made me so mad. Eventually got the plat though
Yeah I'm really depending on the next goal. If they go 4-0 I have other things I can do for a couple hours :P
Annnd I'm back what's up folks
There's so much incidental contact, guys getting pushed and it's always a question was it or was it not interference, if he was touched did it impede his ability to make the save. Just erase all of that
The Crew never should have had anything but cars/offroad vehicles. They tried to do too much, didn't improve on anything from the last game because all that time went to new forms of vehicle.
CFL only
Fuck off JJ. YOU TRIPPED HIM IN. Go check your bank statements see if your cunt parents are at work again.
This is relaxed
Making some fries and tendies
Pre lockout penguins
I'm not arguing for or against salt. Only stating that salt is used to melt ice not to get rid of feet of snow. Plows are for the latter.
It doesn't take much for people to try and capitalize. Time to make some moneyyyy
It looks cool. But seriously does every rogue like have to be bullet hell? My favourite of all time is Isaac, and save a couple bosses it really wasn't bullet hell like most others. It was a great balance.
Now if only we could get quality ice in every arena, and not ice that's in disgusting shape because they had another event a few hours earlier.
Dramatically different in scale, but the same issue trying to be solved. They want a less bouncy puck but ice quality is the main factor not non frozen pucks
Pork is cheapest by a mile here in Canada. Except bacon almost all cuts of pork can be found for less than 2 dollars per lb. Every other cut of every other meat is between 6 and 15 dollars a lb
Before what was most likely an enormous November.
No idea if it's true or not. However, part of the story states he was told not to throw any punches, only to avoid being hit. That's not exactly a typical sparring session. If Ali was stopping to throw punches that's when he would be most likely to be hit. Which is why this is different from "every other sparring session"
Of course Ali would say that. Also "most of his losses came to fighters like Tyson"... 3 of his losses came after he had Parkinson's disease. He couldn't even touch his finger to his nose or hop on one foot when he fought Larry Holmes. Those fights absolutely do not matter to this discussion. His other two losses were to Ken Norton and Joe Frazier. Both came after his 3 year ban where he clearly wasn't the same fighter as he was prior. And yet he still beat both of them twice after those losses. If we're doing a historical fight, give an Ali who didn't miss his three prime years.
Which has nothing to do with the model of car
PDP post 46k at the same time
They made a new one recently. Unfortunately it was more of less universally panned
Any stick is better than no stick. Of course he benefits from it.
Yes the ever informative word "after" so maybe June.
Is there multiple ways to pronounce that word?
Oh right. My dumb moment of the day.
Would they not most likely, in time, have a separate internet on mars? If you needed to communicate back to earth would be an issue, but mars to mars would be fine.
Funny that there's always an argument for a suspension when a guy gets an elbow to the head as he's bent over from a shot. What happened to the always be responsible? It doesn't matter if the guy is 5'5 or if he's bent over with his head at waist level. A head shot is a headshot
Ej has either been invisible or absolute garbage for weeks now. Probably his worst stretch of games as an Av.
LMAO too many men for like the 35th time this season
Should've been tie game there
If you can't hit the guy without hitting him in the head, yes that's correct. It's like when there's a height difference in boxing. The short guy has a harder time not hitting the taller guy in the balls. They don't just say yeah he's shorter so he's allowed to pound him in the nuts all night.
Is it also high sticking if the guys face is actually on the ice and gets touched?
It's also why you don't suck at everything but scoring goals and actually be a good team. You still need goaltending and defense and a penalty kill. Team is embarrassing at everything but scoring goals.
Lay on your own goaltender some more you useless fucking trash
Cole, Johnson and Barrie have been the worst defense on the team for several games now. Not the way it's supposed to be.
Yeah, then hanzal needed to raise his elbow into Girards face. Lol
So you've replaced your car with a plane? Otherwise it's sort of a silly comparison. That's an additional luxury on top of owning a car. That's like someone owning a second house. Most people can't afford to do that. "well a second house costs the same as the first house"
It'd already on ps4.
How the hell would any of us have any idea?
Random question to my fellow Avs fans. When Timmins does finally recover from his concussion. I assume he's going down to the Eagles?
Who is this commentator?
Dries needs to stay IMO. His last two stints every time he's on the ice we have great energy out there.
Absolutely. No argument to be made
Yasterday, taday, tamarrah
I'll get down voted and whatever, I always do haha, but Ian Cole makes a lot of terrible turn overs, and he takes a lot of really shitty penalties. Everyone seems to love him, but I don't think he's as great as he's made out to be. I guess it goes to show how bad we've had it for defense in the last decade. Edit: insert Peter McNabb gloating about his 1 million blocked shots which is actually shown to be A bad sign rather than a good one.
Yeah just Mack and Rantanen going 1 v 4 over and over
Andrighetto was our best player tonight.
You have a tv timeout and you don't come back with the top line?
Death taxes and the Avs allowing 4 plus goals a game.
If I put a single loaf on top of another loaf its deformed in minutes. So I disagree with this calculation :P
http://imgur.com/gallery/xaEvFYC the symbol beside the subreddit name means cross posted. Easy to miss and I'm not arguing either way, but it shows it on my app.
Now just learn how to make decent fries.
Or they're heavy!
Ain't nobody got time or money for bread that turns to cement in 12 hours.
According to who? Last info I saw was that it was with Nintendo, and that ps4 would be "next" to be submitted. So until it comes out on switch I don't expect it to even be submitted to Sony. Also Sony usually gets stuff through in a week or so.
Yep it's only visual. It won't hurt you. This has been a bug forever.
No he doesn't.
Horrible garbage
Behold the third best pp in the league
Some dude talking Lauren Gardner's ear off behind the Canadiens net
That's 4 games in a row I think?
Well Zads should be benched anyway. So, unfortunate but that works.
Did they say he was in the DOPS when he funded it? Are we doing that thing where we review everything a person has ever done to attack their position today?
In this case though, Landeskog has a majority of his goals in the third period. So it's pretty legit.
I wonder if we made this a sticky post, if people would be so braindead as to post it here anyway? Who am I kidding of course they would
It's a bad move to draft on need with first overall though. You're still most likely looking at at least a year or two before they come in and you can likely find a goalie by other means in the mean time.
Alright NHL. here's your next outdoor game
I don't think being more than 1/3 less than double the size is "nearly double"
Dollars. Not units. Selling at 200 a piece. That's 25,000 units.
Trying to sell a loaded ps4? Lol 😂
So now that it's fixed how long have you been watching tv like that?
Correct. But I don't think Nicalis has been doing this since day one after it was put on pc. But I could be wrong.
They've already failed. This article is a few weeks late. This team is in trouble.
That's fine. A couple of high scoring wins and a 2-1 win over Montreal is clouding peoples judgment. The team has been an absolute disaster defensively for the entire month. A few times being able to out score the opposition on the unsustainable backs of the top line has lead to a win but they've looked atrocious most nights out for a long while. Now the losses are piling up.
Do you not understand that the guy grabbed her ass/vagina? That's what makes him a pervert. Not that he was attracted to a scantily clad girl. Are you actually braindead?
Nobody knows but it sounds like it's been about a week. There was a cryptic tweet from Tyrone just saying "maybe we'll get a Christmas miracle" but nobody knows if that has anything to do with it. That said Sony updates shit on Tuesdays so it could be tomorrow
If this is your first indication of that well you've done better than most
You've already bought it don't come here asking, alll you'll get is buyers remorse. Tcl gets great reviews for a budget tv, I think you made the right choice.
Old people reddit
To be serious though, people that get upset because a specific joke hits close to home are ridiculous. They'll laugh at stuff that's severely offensive to other people but when it hits close to home you get angry? It's silly.
I don't think that's correct? Isn't it just the HDR mode that is done wrong?
Lol Riptide bundle a "hit"? Don't get me wrong they're somewhat fun but they're actually horrible in quality. Never heard of the bottom one.
Well it was fun when we thought we'd make the playoffs this year.
Buy more, smaller denomination cards?
I often use mine through the controller as well but I've noticed it seems to kill the battery much faster.
It did include that but the total price was still two dollars more than buying it separately and adding the free Christmas add on. Unfortunately I don't have a screen shot or anything but I did make a post about it last year when it happened.
You're the one that used bald as a negative descriptor alongside loudmouth and scumbag
... You alright?
I mean I wouldn't expect them to go to a brewery and be like "yep your beer is absolute shit see ya later".
This isn't true at all. Mine automatically uploads every night.
I live at huntclub and McCarthy and got an alert.
So they'll install tornado sirens like every square mile or less across all of the Ottawa region?
Here's my idea for a fucking sport
I mean every other week it's 40-60% off
As has been announced for at least 4 months now. Actually I think it was even announced last fall and has been talked about extensively.
Sure. You're already breaking the law by not switching plates anyway. If you continue to feign ignorance long enough maybe you really are just ignorant.
Considering 6.71 only came out about a day ago. I don't think it's been "over a week "
6.70 came out last week so guess you've had both.
Steam has supported the controller for years.
Surely youd just download the 3 games you're actually playing right away and then if you ever actually wanted another one of those other games again you could download them as needed. Wouldn't be necessary to redownload 180 games you'll never open again.
I would agree with spreading out the top line
Kind of a stupid statement. You can get an Xbox for like 200 dollars. Saying you'd "just pay 3 times as much" (which is what you might as well say) is stupid. That said there's very little worth buying an Xbox for. I'm tempted for the Forza games though.
Mlb the show as well
No
I mean if you have the money to blow sure why not. But then the question would be why you wouldn't already have one since any non ps4 exclusive would be better on the pc.
North America! I'll be buying the game to support you guys, but I'll be giving the code to a friend if I get it.
Our *
I mean the same can be said for a lot if not most NHL players. If they dedicated hours a day for 15 years to any single sport they'd likely end up good enough to go pro.
It's capable of supporting 8K. Man you people are dense.
Huh, deleted his comment. Guess be realized he was full of shit.
That's a pretty big part of marketing. Say shit that people only have a basic understanding of, who won't know enough to know its impossible and then they buy your shit only to find out later how ridiculous it was.
They should have had security remove him.
Turns out he's just an attention whore piece of garbage trump supporter. Who could have guessed that Mr. Hero wouldn't actually be a decent person.
It's North America. I don't know about the UK side of things sorry
In what area? It's not in north America
Honestly launch would be the best time to get the ps5 since you'd get maximum trade in benefit and the system is fully backwards compatible
Well the oil sands aren't really typical of how oil is normally extracted.
It's clearly entirely made of wood.
I'm Canadian. It's not called an oil mine regardless of whether it's an oil well or the oil sands.
Xbox maybe. Hasn't been on sale on ps4 since may 10-12
You can make the account in another region and buy digital psn cards online for that region, or maybe PayPal would work I'm not positive.
When I was playing as a kid they told me I'd be out if I didn't drop it by first base
What kind of games you playing that you tear so much :(
I have these same headphones, never have the mic attached and have never heard any static at all.
No thank you! . Spread the word! It's a very common mistake these days.
"do I want to play games now or in 18 months?" If you can wait 18 months go for it. Stop asking retarded questions only you can answer.
Shut you are whore mouth
I aware of that. Not sure how that really matters though.
Did you create your own subreddit?
And it shows up on the new feed? Weird
How? If a switch had 512gb of built in flash storage they can definitely add that in bulk for a lot cheaper than you can buy a single card.
If they were just for parts and not being used there's zero reason they'd need cleaning.
Save up money to move out then
Yeah but you can't go to Gabriel's breakfast and not get the breakfast pizza frittata thing.
Sorry but Johnson basically looked awful all season and especially in the playoffs. He has been underrated most of his time with the Avs but he's not good anymore.
Which is different from today how?
I see what you're saying I wasn't thinking of the even longer passes, though I don't think there's all that many passes based on guys basically beating out the icing call. It's pretty rare. But you are right. My asking how it's different from today, I meant just the not being able to pass to a player in the offensive zone from behind the red line, since that's already the case, my idea still brings huge changes to today's game. I guess it would have to be a three line pass rule though, that or a hybrid offside rule to prevent cherry picking (not just have a guy hanging out in the offensive zone), so you can two line pass if the pass begins prior to the player crossing the line. Otherwise you can pass to anywhere once you hit the red line. Unfortunately that brings in another layer of referee error l/reviews. Was the reason for two line pass leaving really due to passing from red line up? I recall the shittiest part being on the breakout where you couldn't pass beyond the red line.
You can hide them. I believe options on game and hide.
Hey look it's Boonrik and Booniel Sedin
Yep. They said what everyone was thinking
I mean every team has their ranking regardless of whether there's any shot of them picking that player or not.
Yes. US Smarties are called rockets here.
You know that an 18 year old goalie isn't going to be an NHL starter next season right? They're not picking him to lead the team in 3 months.
You mean not give a fuck? Is this like "could care less"?
Wow that's some cringe getting Tkachuk to do it
Because any team shoving a player up there to do it is horrible. Just do your job as gm and get off the stage.
Yeah you see a lot of people just slotting him into the top 4 next year. He'll be lucky if he's able to be top 4 in the AHL that quick.
And yet, Timmins got concussed so bad it ended his ability to play hockey for a year and a half and as we all know one concussion makes the next much more likely. We've seen the smallest nothing hits send guys down their next season long recovery.
Oh no! Then he can never be redeemed, fuck giving second chances hope he dies. Who actually cares? People have issues, people fuck up, he paid the price, apologized publicly and publicly and openly worked to fix his issues. But yes let's make sure we bring up that literally irrelevant information everytime his name comes up. "this dater guy does he have good sources?" "no idea but did you know he did creepy stuff on social media!!?? "
"According to a 2008 CONICET survey on creeds, about 76.5% of Argentines are Roman Catholic, 11.3% religiously indifferent, 9% Protestant (with 7.9% in Pentecostal denominations), 1.2% Jehovah's Witnesses, and 0.9% Mormons" How's that go again? Man you look like a buffoon.
34 hours without sleep isn't that special, doing it while doing an activity is significantly harder, doing it while riding a bike is insane.
Yeah that definitely means there isn't a huge amount of extremely poor people there.
My point is regular GDP doesn't tell you anything. Why don't you try looking up something useful like per capita? Let me spoil it for you, it's 34th. That's far from good. Every other metropolis is well ahead.
In my opinion not every city is a metropolis. I don't believe there's more than 30 of them in the US, but perhaps that's a difference in opinion. I'd say maybe the top ten cities.
Fair enough, the definition does seem sort of vague to me but regardless my intention was to mean the biggest of the big. When you're third largest yet far behind the cities around you (not cities 15 spots below you) it's not a good look
Went up and down again since
What an awful question. "what's your all star lineup?"
This isn't a message board
Lethal offensive threats aren't usually traded for career AHL guys.
Didn't they say that pavelski is definitely gone?
Typically you don't post a picture of the item you ask for the potential owner to describe. Oh its my bike btw
If you think division GMs don't do deals "because we hate them", you're wrong. I doubt any of these GMs really "hate" each other and if they do it's not because of division rivalries.
One thing is clear, Lafleur is tops.
You know that if weber retires with two seasons left Nashville has to pay 12.5m for two seasons. If he retires before his final season they have to pay 24.5M? Don't think Nashville planned that one.
Colorado will take him probably. We are taking all your fringe dmen and middle 6 forwards
Man the year is off to a good start
😍
That's what being big and slow gets you
Maybe get your oring checked out
How far behind are you?
Duchene about to be traded again.
Players have scored on 195 foot dump ins so yeah probably
Here come the weed boys!
It's clearly not a Ds4
It's more that the ingredients cost 2 bucks and reputation costs 8
Other than Denmark these are all putrid
Wow what a useless map
It's counted as being trained to repeat a task. The dog didn't come up with the idea and put it into action. I can teach a dog to turn a socket wrench, he's not going to get a job at Frisbee Tire
Twice as wide as a four year old "fucking huge"
Maybe ps5 will finally have a screenshot feature 😢
Any USB 3.0 HDD below 8tb.
Yeah this. A lot of cables don't transmit data, only power.
Send picture to yourself and pull it from the message app.
Take screenshot. Send picture to second psn account. Save picture off messages app on phone. When you list the steps it sounds difficult, literally takes ten seconds to go from ps4 screenshot to on my phone.
It's extremely simple to swap the hard drive. Takes two minutes.
If you have the disposable income go for it. Most people would rather try a 50 dollar solution than a 300+ dollar one. There's not much that can go wrong with a ps4. If it's running, it's not the power supply. If you have a picture it's not the hdmi. If your system software corrupts and manually reinstalling it doesn't work, it's basically guaranteed to be a hard drive failure.
Because the proper way to do things would be to lock your card. Contact Sony, and get them to refund the money to your card while revoking access to the games. Instead your account has now stolen the games as you possess them and haven't paid for them. Your only hope now is to hope they allow you to pay them back for the games and MAYBE start a refund process from there.
Nice good sir
You really couldn't hash that one out and figure out what they meant?
Sounds like you should walk away from eBay and maybe internet sales period until you figure out how to spot scams. EBay has a pretty fool proof system.
You think this winter is cold so far...
I guess you could say they're just lying, but theres literally 0 salt in Dasani, according to the bottle.
We've usually had some - 40 days by now and at least 2 weeks straight of -25. Neither of those have happened yet. Pretty mild so far
Missed 1000 trophies by 48 It also seems inaccurate as it says I had a 24 hour session which I definitely did not
I pretty much always put it into rest mode, so I question whether it counts that with a game on standby. I also spend more time on YouTube than anything else so I wonder how that factors in. My highest played game was 300 hours followed by two in the 90s. So obviously there's something odd going on.
That's useful if the bus is actually on the gps which is maybe 15% of the time. Or my favourite, it shows on gps for 5+ minutes sometimes even moving in your direction then disappears and time switches to half an hour with no bus on the map.
Well it has nothing to do with how open it is. It's like "half jar and open" would be the same as saying full unopened
Your hard drive is broken. Or you're using the wrong installation file. One is an update file one is the full OS which is what you need and what a lot of people fail to use.
Yes you can. I'm not sure about the others
Kovalchuk has a good week for the first time in half a decade and suddenly it's 2006 again.
But I also think there will be way more backlash if the ps4 version is playable on ps5, if they release an updated version that does not also apply a patch to the ps4 version. There's basically no excuse, it's not like they can say it can't be played on the ps5. So I could see them doing that but you needing an upgrade fee.
Now introducing PS NOW + That'll probably just confuse people
What inspires people like you to just spout off idiocy that clearly isn't even close to true?
But those guys can just duck the fight or turtle if they get jumped. Someone else on the team will step up to take the fight and life continues. With fighting coming back you just have the same goons on each roster and they're the ones that fight. Rarely ever did you see non fighters getting fucked up by a heavy weight, and that's not because nobody was throwing hits.
But your price drop is trading in your ps4 for the ps5 and playing those games on the ps5 with its backwards compatibility
Because he's an angry hot head out there a lot of times and doesn't act at all like a Byng candidate. Other than that sure 😅
Wow...
8 counting the look at 😁
Who cares. Makar is better for not having had to go to such a cringe fest embarrassment. Every player is better off resting than wasting their time going to that shit.
Why is your tv all speckled like that?
To be fair he's against a boxer, tennis player and like 40 year old soccer player. Someone should do the math and see how it compares to track and field times for various levels.
No not really. I said like ten, you said 7. I then said that there is 8 with the NL tries, which you somehow countered with "only if you count the twitch vods" which makes no sense because if you count the single twitch video he put up its 9. So like I said "like ten ~" And it all only really started because you said "I hope he plays 60 seconds!" so I genuinely wasn't sure if you somehow missed that he already had several videos out for it.
😅 I think you need to take it easier in life
That's a low bar.
Now you need a Joe Scratchik
Don't cut yourself
Man 2020 starts already? He must be getting tired.
Colorado Avalanche
All teams have a bye week at some point. Avs just happened to have theirs at this time. They also don't get a choice on when it is.
Parked in three hour parking, and got a ticket approximately 3 hours later...
The light in the sky has? News to me
Metro by me (little shit one at Paul Anka and McCarthy) has like 10 different kinds of large kit Kat bars. I assume most metros are the same.
There's one (or was) at bank and hunt club by the Wendy's. But it's expensive as hell and doesn't meet the portions requirement
Outside food and drink/alcohol would be my guess. Ottawa has metal detectors and they look through bags I think
It's like 600k. Not really "well" for a professional hockey player but still
Nope. Once you subscribe there's no way to end it. You pay for life. Of course you can end it 🙄
Top speed reached in the Tour De France last hear was 63mph Some notes from 2016 "Jeremy Roy later showed that he had managed to set a high speed of 127kph/79mph on the descent of the Cote de la Comella, while Marcus Burghardt of BMC took the bragging rights managing to aero-tuck his way to 130.7kph/81.2mph."
Is that the same situation? Do you lose your career by doing more in that situation? And it's not as if he knew the final outcome before hand. He wasn't there knowing the guy was going to die.
Poor Al
True, if the round Robin is actually for seeding purposes we could end up first or fourth
Youre basing your argument on all black civilian deaths being unarmed and unjustified. Do you see the problem with that? Though your argument is basically "I'd rather 10,000 cops dieythan one black man killed who was trying to kill a cop" so there's not a lot to discuss.
I'd rather fight the kinks than spend that amount of time standing that awkward position to roll the shit up like that.
Fuck the flames
"do we really need another generic white guy? Id rather they just show Ellie's journey alone, or recast Joel as a female"
What a useless webpage
All I'm saying is, speaking of the current century, if you're going to make a website, and have call in orders and pick up, maybe just list u our items and prices? Again, the website is pretty much useless, I can find the phone number elsewhere. Also, been to the butchery several times. If paying stupid prices to make yourself feel higher class is your thing. Have at it.
Ian Laperriere, Steve Konowalchuk
Pretty sure the fathers was around that long but this one is owned by the son? So definitely not as long
Ah yes, let me check my playstation price crystal ball for you! It's been on sale 5 times since its release. Including less than a month ago. Guess you haven't had your eyes on it that long.
He talked about it on Chiclets. I forget the exact answer but it definitely involved his wife if I remember correctly, and also he had some issues with management. Though he seemed to say he had issues with management at every stop, so I think maybe he was a little tough to deal with
So basically he's a cheater
What even is that monstrosity
And yet Mack should have two Harts(after this season) but seems he'll be robbed again.
Didn't he have like 15 points in 5 preseason games once? I thought he was going to be a beast that year 😅
Hmm what could it beeeee
Guess it's not a year, but it was confirmed in April.
Don't need to worry about that much
Yeah I'll just sleep until 4pm. OH wait I'm not 12 anymore, I have a job.
His worry is rest and injury though. If the offseason is the same length there's no difference Also the league can't really afford to scrap this season.
Typically paused/incomplete downloads and updates. Otherwise rebuild database
Not military, not an f18 and they've been flying around daily for weeks
😂
Can't download on pc
Most likely. But they also have to keep in mind people watching on television. The main reason for continuing the season is the tv money. There not going to play games that very few can watch, I don't think.
It's someone that's literally destroying a country and killing people. Has raped women. Is probably a pedophile. Nobody is going to lose sleep if it happened. In fact, millions would celebrate.
Even then, it's because he was tripped. He didn't decide to leap through the air
So you lower your own quality...
That's what it was advertised to be
Duke!
Not exactly the same style but, wreckfest?
So the cable you're using doesn't transmit data only power. That's why it charges bit doesn't communicate with the system. Find another cable.
Because some games, like GTA V will come with enhancements that use the power of the ps5. Their plan is for all ps4y games to work automatically but only the ones that are patched by Devs will have boosts to the gameplay
So explain all the other top 4 team goalies on there? Boston, blues etc
Wait your set up is made for vertical but you can't do vertical?
Unfortunate. I'll just be standing it up behind my flat screen tv. Turned sideways so the "flat" side of the console is against the back of the tv.
The tv stand already holds a 50 pound tv, but you think it can't hold a few pound playstation??
And more than one launch game?
Did you ever use a fast charger on it?
Likely. Problem is they destroy controllers
Lol call of duty requires like 400gb to be free. Good luck
Well yeah, you're really only bringing in a few hundred people. While a lot if you look at it one way, in the grand scheme of a cities economy it will hardly be noticeable.
Here's a picture I took that looks like it was taken in 1978.
Literally decided to follow the cop all over. Gotta find something to report to the internet!!!
Wasn't idiots. Devs said you'd choose a game from your home screen and immediately be loaded into the game world
Buddy with the dash cam is so intent on chasing the cop to get shit on camera he almost runs into him. Hence my sarcastic comment
Kind of a silly statement since that could be a matter of 6 months
I don't know how incredible they are in the grand scheme of things but I always get a large ring at Crispy Chips on Merivale/hunt club when I go for their poutine. They're pretty damn good in my opinion. That said I do find that they've started giving less. A large used to be stuffed to the brim where they couldn't close the bag. Now it's about half as much.
Unfortunately I can't help, but I wonder if they'd tell you where in Ottawa carries the product if you contacted Harlow? I don't see a "where to buy our products" on their site which isn't helpful
Gamestop definitely had stuff like 150 off the next Gen etc. But you'd probably be better off privately selling. It's just obviously not as easy.
Unfortunately all black is not very distinct. I also saw one this morning on McCarthy, but I highly doubt it's the same cat
Come overcome to hockey friend
True, my point is it's not like you're going to be missing out on much by not buying the hottest multi thousand dollar television off the line. Sony and other devs aren't going to be placing focus on the tvs that 1% of television owners have. I don't think there'll be too many 4K 120 games period. Let alone immediately, and popular enough to warrant tracking the ship from China so you can be in line for that latest model.
9 goals 2 assists. He definitely had 4 goals before an assist (in three stints) then he was 5+2 in his fourth... But I'm too lazy to figure out if he scored before assisting that time
If they didn't, they wouldn't continue to do it. It's usually elderly people
Funny, I remembered Nashville fans parading around making fun of people who called this out. As it'd be deafening on tv and show the fans sitting in their seats hands in their laps
Don't really get where this comes from. New games are the same price, and where I live there's no tax in digital. So I save 13%. Additionally sales are WAY better and more frequent online, on top of not having to actually travel to a store.
Strange stuff. Wonder why that would be the case some places and not others
Or just log into your account at their house.
The most damning evidence was upon a goal being scored there'd be almost no change in the audio level. It was just that loud all the time. They just went too hard on it.
Well that's super unfortunate for them! Someone is going to be playing matinee games, and literally everyday. You can't play all of those games only having 7pm local start times.
Is there any word on if Byram can/will be with the Avalanche for the playoffs?
On a morbid note, I imagine that's where the medication started that eventually took his life.
RIP Canada
Well Sony doesn't really care. They know people will be quick to ditch physical when faced with 100 or more in savings on the console. And that means much more money for them. Those who refuse will just pay the extra for the disc drive. they'll win either way.
At ps4 level of quality. Not the same as upgrading/patching/remastering and rereleasing the game on ps5. Some devs may not do that for free.
If 450 is the production cost, that'll likely be the price if not less as they could take a loss.
That's why I have two televisions in my living room 😂
I wonder how many Americans cross over to make the purchase
But it's the same game. If you don't think it's better on pc it won't be better on playstation
Well as far as I've read, Jurassic world was not liked on pc either. And the same complaints coaster had will be the same on console I bet. Little to no management is the biggest complaint
Super responsible bud
Smoking in front of them is far from the issue at hand. You're sober all day watching the kids though right?
Did you look down literally three posts?
Wow. You're dense. But if you're okay endangering the lives of your children, and can live with yourself when one dies or is severely injured due to the your negligence. Be my guest. No wonder people look down on heavy users.
Two chains in a sweet hip hop song
I interchangeably use miles and kilometers. Sometimes I'll, for instance, be talking about someone that passed me on the highway and will often say "he must have been doing 100 miles per hour" or I will just as often say "160", usually not stating km/h because it's implied. It's quite strange
They definitely should have planned for training camps to also be in the hub cities. We've already seen the issue with training at home facilities and its only been like a week.
Holindaise *
That forward group does help though
And constantly spend money every single day on fuel, food, likely accommodation etc. Just be rich!
True. Though if you ever get stuck for a long time behind 20 cars because a slow moving vehicle is at the front you'd wish it was wider more often.
Francouz had back to back seasons of like almost 0.960.
Japanese don't give a fuck about tv consoles. Nobody there is that hyped for this. Edit:to clarify, they mostly stick to handheld consoles and mobile gaming.
And by couple you mean 5-6
You've never heard of digital deluxe or anything like that? Been going on for like ten years or more at this point
I guess the key word is America here. Because from what I can find, since the switchs release its sold about the same amount as the ps4 over the same time. So, it failed to outsell a console that was already several years old other than the first couple months.
Hey look. Basement dwelling cunt.
I think the sub is broken man. I don't see any new threads since yesterday
Literally none of those players play anything like their comparison. Makar and Foote? Unfortunate you haven't watched the Avs for more than three years, which is evident.
Was OP talking about frugal back packing and staying in hostels for free? Was it? You think? No. Back packing, first of all, is not a road trip. OP was talking about getting in a car and driving up and down and across and all over the United States for 50 days straight. Covering tens of thousands of miles. Not alone either. Once again, I don't think they were doing the frugal, camping on a road shoulder, eating rice and beans over a zippo. And I'll add that just because people can't drop their job and backpack across the world for a year doesn't mean that they "just buy a lot of stupid shit". Like maybe they have a life, and a family.
Except this is such a basic understanding that it teeters on being wrong. Also nobody forgets about exchange rate it just literally doesn't apply to us. Our wages don't go through currency exchange, it is what it is and in the case of canada, our salaries aren't magically matched up to the US to make sure that what we're paying for goods and services matches directly with the USD. Yet our goods are priced directly on the USD. So in simple terms, you pay 60 dollars for a new game, I pay 80. We don't make 80 dollars to every 60 dollars you make. Additionally, when our exchange rate gets back close to par I guarantee you these prices aren't going back down. So we'll still be paying 20 dollars more for a game even though our dollars are near equal. This separation happened years and years ago, like N64 era, in between the dollars lined up even with the CAD passing the US for awhile and pricing never changed.
Without looking he's not also one of the guys that walk around with mp5s on their shoulder just to attract police are they?
Meanwhile I never even knew there was a Hrdina other than Jan
Ron's underrated brother
Fuck off
I also have a pro so I don't know if that helps/changing things
Lol
So go to every area in the region and scout for trucks and upgrades then go back and do the tasks? Because what I've been doing is just the black river area and yeah it's definitely tough with the lack of mud tires or even all terrain at this point.
If they could do that.. They could just have people inside all the time.
Yeah they're just used wrong now. Like "literally". They should be used in serious situations where normally you WOULD twist the truth. But now it's like "Not gonna lie, I'll probably eat food sometime today"
How about those with 1300 or more points?
So are most digital games though
Ok but what does your storage show for space.
Correct that place has had all signs taken down and basically looks abandoned for a long time now
Ah yes let's make the sport an embarrassment like baseball
Anyone else now getting a jet fan? Literally played this day before yesterday it was fine. Did the udoate and now it's max speed fan all the time. Ps4 pro
Mackinnon is knocking at the McDavid door. But I guess a peak of current McDavid does not equal McDavid who has basically been that level since day 1.
I mean switch the fucking hdmi and check. If you've been told by others it's hdmi, why are you now updating saying it's worse without even attempting to fix it?
Makar's next contract...
I also have seen a deer one time. However until I saw the wolf, I thought I had imagined the deer or that it was a glitching tree or something
Want to try again without it being sideways?
Yeah, maybe I'm just not good or disorganized but I've put a lot of time in, driven almost 200km and I'm like 30% done Michigan and haven't touched any other location
Except there's nowhere for them to stay. Unless you plan on having the players at about ten different hotels all over the city up to 30 minutes away from the building. Ottawa would look good if they didn't have the CTC in the middle of nowhere with just one 3 star hotel anywhere close by.
... The players aren't going to be wandering around town walking into local eateries. Do you understand the plan they're trying to enforce?
Well depends on what Toews looks like two years from now.
