Weird how uplay gets a 30mb update every time I open it but never seems to improve.
The only way to get there, and I'm pretty sure that's the path we can walk that doesn't lead to self destruction, is to overwhelmingly install Democrats with blowouts in every election, so that we can split the party into those 2 reasonable options, instead of having to pick between 'meh' and 'oh god no'
Would be great to see that list. I always consider "the god of what we havent discovered yet" to be the weakest, smallest form of god because we can kill him directly and we do it a little bit at a time constantly.
"footwear fellation collective"
Alright, let them know that they ought to make the Gundam Simulator. Gundam Simulator is, in fact, the title to my dream game, preferably with a year subtitle implying frequent releases. Gundam Simulator 2021. Sell it to me on PC Bandai!
Fuun Saiki can gallop time
Just makes me want to chuck a shoe. Fuck that guy.
Reconguista is underappreciated. Everyone says 'show but don't tell' but the minute you try it everyone's 'oh i'm lost what's going on!'
I also enjoy the end turn reminders. Not all of us are 100% sober when we decide the fate of lizard nations.
Creedceratops?
Oh man, I can't imagine who thought spreading prequel cancer to the rest of Star Wars was a good idea. It needs to be cut off!
&gt; ~~Nier and Persona 5.~~ Total War Warhammer 2
Oh man I loved the suit designs! Only reason I didn't get model kits was because i wanted them in 1/100 MG. Also, it was refreshing that they consistently dedicated a big chunk of each episode to robot fighting.
It's Jabu-ro
I think it would be ironic if instead of bullets, our guns shot a healing salve that cured all wounds.
Maybe instead of a lab full of apple crap toy computers they can teach the kids to build faster computers for half the price
as a person who studied physics "a bit, but not very much" is a measure of radiation that I'd be ok with. That's like going outside. Oh no!
Yep, can't build anymore, would be unrealistic. Time to do the similar town 50 miles up the highway from here!
&gt; but what do I get in exchange as a consumer? other than the free games?
I had commercial freighers using wormholes I hadnt even mapped yet. Good job, private sector!
It's fine. We need to give the Republicans a handicap because of how much worse their ideas and values are.
in most games they are, but in Witcher 3 it's like each one is its own story.
You need to unlock them first, and also you need to earn some money for them and their upkeep. Don't you tell me to use cheats.
Facts and context show that all this shit is Bush's fault. Obama inherited it and you can't just cancel a war and go home.
What do you think this is, console or mobile?
/r/politics does encompass reasonable discussion on the issues. The problem is that in the last 30 years the right wing in the US has placed themselves outside the realm of reasonable discussion on the issues. You can't have a conversation about how to balance the budget when one side keeps wanting to cut taxes!
That headline is just not correct. The beginning of the end for the president was when he fired Comey to take the heat off the Russia investigation, AND THEN SAID THAT.
I'd be fine if we didn't get another Star Wars game until the rights were stripped from EA. I know I'll be playing the same amount of EA Star Wars games either way.
Domon is a total jerk. He's so wrapped up trying to be a dour kung-fu wandering guy he can't see that everything he does would be impossible without Rain.
That was the moment when I knew Trump wouldnt serve a full term. I'd say, if any moment defined the ending of the Trump presidency, it was that. Even if he had done nothing wrong, that was when he indicted himself for obstruction of justice.
Yeah, but that glorious musical man-bonding sequence! With that kind of mood, anything is justified.
I definitely wanted to watch it before i bought some plastic. Do you know where I can watch it? Do i have to go to a theater in Japan?
That atom must be excited as fuck
Oh man, I hate these guys in Battletech
Farmers.
They think it looks like a wall, but the truth is it's a crater
LOL, like he's gonna make it to 2020
Now that I've watched Gundam, I think they got the point and we don't need to nuke them again.
This will go great with my World War 1 FPS title where you sit in a trench for 6 days and then get gassed
Geralt in Smash
Gundam 0080
Kind of absurd how everyone is acting like he'll be in the next election at all. Can you run from jail?
I remember ignoring it because it was a shooty game from Activision with no single player mode.
Is this person seriously going to go to this much effort to make a recommendation chart, and then recommend that people start Gundam with Wing, 00, or SEED?
Yet another chance for us all to avoid being bamboozled by EA yet again. Try not to fail, guys. We need their Star Wars license to be given to someone that'll actually make good Star Wars games.
Respawn is EA's new flesh face. In 5 years people will be wondering "what happened to Respawn, they used to be so good!" in the same way we talk about Bioware today.
I'll believe that when it happens. It's more likely they'll just leave and join another studio, or form a new one.
Yes, except as individuals and not as 'Respawn' leading to the current Bioware situation all over again.
Republicans are the type of people that can look at a solved math problem and say "but what about all the *wrong* answers?"
and I'm not even tired of invading China yet
I would absolutely love if they'd get their shit together and actually perform that function. For example, what's the Republican plan to more cheaply deal with climate change? Why don't they have any pragmatic solutions for out of control healthcare costs? As fiscal conservatives, you'd think they'd be interested in the section of government spending that's shown the most rapid growth. They seem more interested in restricting the government's tools for solving the problem instead, like the ability to negotiate on drug prices, or a public option to provide transparency into medical pricing.
"We do not sow" yeah good luck with that buddy
Just a reminder there's always Grim Dawn, which I'd consider a worthy successor.
You mean better. It's OK to admit that the prequels were a net negative on the Star Wars books as well as on the films. I consider the Vong invasion to be the 'prequelization' of the novels. We had all this cool stuff, and now it's going out the window to put a bunch of badly written crap front and center.
I'd think so too, but then I moved to Utah where there's like a cultural thing where people run red lights and now I make sure nobody's going to barrel through the intersection before I go.
This guy is an "independent" that posts in T_D. They can't even be real about who they are and what they believe, mostly because it outs them as scum.
The guy got owned off his own show. You can watch the video of it. He hasn't become less of a shitheel since then. It baffles me that people respect Tucker Carlson
Stop donating to Republicans maybe? Really annoying how civil rights is a partisan issue these days.
So they are cool with gay people getting married and adopting kids? Will they stop fighting against that then?
Congrats, you were a victim of propaganda. I can't really deprogram you myself, but if you continue to observe the Republicans and their words and the effects of their policy positions, you'll see that they A) have never met a war they didn't like and B) have completely unsustainable fiscal policy ideas. Since you are an atheist, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt when it comes to being able to objectively look at reality. Good luck.
This reminds me of a conversation i was near, my wife and my mom were talking about eye exams. My mom asked me why I was so quiet, so I replied "I don't have anything to say about eye exams" How do people just talk about stuff?
Apple hasn't changed. Apple's users still haven't wised up.
Oh, i thought it was a single Atlas, since it would be the same tonnage as a lance of scout mechs.
personally I just don't like their design sense, and when they make a lot of money people try to copy their design sense, so it sort of indirectly effects me.
MFW Republicans don't understand the total destabilization of the region is THEIR MESS and they aren't ashamed to toss blame around about it.
Man, those rich, politically connected people are just so lucky. Wow. Never heard of people as lucky as rich, politically connected oil money brats.
I remember saying out loud in my game 2 nights ago: "Yuan Shu wants me to join his coalition? Oh boy I hope he wasnt paying attention to what happened to Yuan Shao's coalition."
"Cool you're just going to stand there? Alright!" *7 units of archers open fire*
What if Godzilla absorbs mega-particles?
As a story-centric gamer, the development time on Starcraft 2 was also wasted.
Heated gamer moments?
It's a pretty stupid meme. Epic was never trying to beat steam, they're just trying to get people to use their thing in addition to steam. It doesnt matter that stuff is coming to steam because everyone is already on steam.
Just got a bunch of cat hair out of mine. Don't want your clacky noises to become crunchy noises!
So brave, using the biggest store with the biggest user base.
It's really sad. I grew up on Warcraft, Starcraft, and Diablo, and now Warcraft and Starcraft are just Warhammer knock-offs, and Diablo has been outdone by Crate, a tiny studio that had to crowdfund Grim Dawn.
No, no deals. I think folks like the OP want to act like they're seriously worried that any major upcoming PC game will be an Epic exclusive, but really they want every game to be Epic exclusive, just so that they can feel feelings again.
I didn't know about Warhammer when i was a kid.
One of them is Unreal Tournament, which is already on there, is originally an Epic game, and as far as i know, isn't being worked on currently. Most of the Epic Store complaints have about as much substance.
PC users also don't care, it's just reddit drama llamas.
It might on PC. There's a few thousand people on reddit that are annoyed about a new launcher, but there's millions of people on the epic store playing fortnite.
Probably some middle ground of reasonable enforcement without the forced family separation. Obama was harsh enough, no need for this childish effort to 'out-do' him. If I were a 4-D chess thinker, I'd suspect Obama was so harsh on immigration specifically to goad Republicans into human rights abuses.
I have never been so disappointed as when I heard that 80% of Mass Effect players picked default male soldier Shepard.
Oh, I thought this was about letting everyone into the country, my mistake. If you want to talk about propaganda, from a top-down perspective this entire illegal immigration issue is just being blown out of proportion by conservative media, and the real issue is people hiring illegal workers to undercut american workers, devaluing their labor. Abortion, illegal immigration, guns, and taxes, are all being used to turn half the working class against the other half while the ruling class scoops up the wealth. I don't believe propaganda, but it's obvious the way out of the trap is a full left push. The right certainly isn't going to give us tools like ranked choice voting when their whole existence depends on gerrymandered districts.
That, and Soldier is the most boring class.
Been mopping up, showing up to destroy garrisons with armies of trebuchets and archers. Everyone melts before they get close to the lines. I just don't blame them for running. Running makes sense. They aren't cowards, they just had the bad luck to be stationed here.
At the end of the day, they chose EA, so they are getting what they deserve. It wasn't some secret how EA is, when they accepted their offer. Maybe they thought 'oh they can't possibly be as garbage as Actiblizzard' but truly, they were just trading one garbage publisher for another.
This is just straight up wrong. Save the World still is getting huge updates, and everyone that spent money on Paragon got a full refund.
&gt; Like Bioware sending a light into the future before they ~~fell to their own darkness.~~ were acquired by EA. It's not a mystery.
Yeah it's crazy how many people think Trumpo's gonna finish his term. Impeach yesterday.
Cool, less of my money wasted on file hosting.
The only thing toxic is the gamer rage.
Or you could just not be nervous, and it'd have no impact on your ability to buy and play games!
Shenmue fans shouldnt have any trouble, Steam fans maybe.
Things they bought: The game Things they will get: The game
They probably just said 'steam' because there weren't serious alternatives at that time. You make a game, you put it on steam to sell the game. That's the only thing that's changed.
It's like saying i'll send you a package through USPS instead of UPS, and then the person receiving the package gets mad at having a different packing label. It just doesnt make sense to get mad about, you still get your package at the same time.
It's absolutely not akin to releasing on a different console. For a PS4 exclusive, i have to buy a shitty slow computer to put next to my awesome computer to run some software. For an Epic exclusive i just launch epic launcher and find the game in my library, or use the desktop icon.
Remember to buy on GOG
Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality is actually a better story.
Back in the day, I used to think this, except about Star Wars movies. Then the Star Wars movies i got were the prequels, and I'll feel stupid about it for my entire life, with a side of obsession about making the Prequels worthy of the rest of Star Wars. So Cyberpunk probably won't be so bad.
The only reason I'm remotely OK with this direction for UC is that I know it all has to near completely collapse before F91
Off to kill the French!
Wouldnt that also apply to IBO and Turn-A?
No, because it's not stupid. They're buying a PC version, they're getting a PC version. It's seriously as dumb as being mad because amazon sent your package with fedex instead of usps.
I might be a tiny bit annoyed, but mostly i'd just be happy to have the package that I ordered. It's like a trivial detail.
Except anything to do with The Dead
My favorite reason to vote for Hillary. That shit was a personal attack on her, of course she wouldnt let it fly.
Please, let Republicans continue to own running unqualified entertainers for office.
If you should take away any one detail from all this, it's that when you are a man boobs are very distracting.
We all need new prequels!
Still kinda want Geralt though
It's a bit light on one of the X's but Total War Warhammer has a variety of undead options that are pretty well fleshed out! (and un-fleshed, if that's your preference)
As a person in the western world, I don't get it either. At least obsess over something that smells better.
I prefer the old ones, cause my boy Merkatz always still wears his.
If the improvement is anything like the improvement between Witcher 1 and Witcher 2, or between Witcher 2 and Witcher 3, Cyberpunk will be pretty fuckin spectacular. If it's half that amount of improvement, it'll still be pretty fuckin spectacular.
They need them for all their complete bullshit acrobatics
I would rather have replacement prequels than keep trying to pick the flecks of gold out of the sewage.
I would say that if the kids aren't being psychologically traumatized, then it isn't really Evangelion anymore, but I don't have much to add other than that.
The bootlickers get the good toady treatment and the real heroes sacrificed everything. Looks right to me.
Yeah I was wondering what the headline had to do with the thumbnail. Have there been slumps and disappointments? sure! Was Godzilla one? Hell no!
I assume it's all controlled by an AI that interprets the commands given by the driver, so the driver would input 'flip the bird' and the gundam could presumably manipulate the fingers. I expect when the user says 'grab the beam rifle' they aren't moving the arm up, moving the arm right, opening the hand, moving the hand to the beam rifle handle, closing the hand, moving the arm left, moving the arm down. They are saying 'grab' 'beam rifle' and the mobile suit fills in a lot of the gaps. At least that's how I assume they work. It was probably a lot more work for Amuro, then a lot less work when Quess and Hathaway were trying out the Jegan simulator.
I won a campaign, and then I went over to Battletech to check out their new DLC, so I am not in the matchmaking pool.
I think in the case of the Total Warhammer games, the campaign part has been simplified in order to put more of the focus on battling. At least, that's the impression I got when I started playing.
I got some good use out of it keeping vassals loyal while I annex other vassals. Mostly, I just used it to keep people hating each other more than they hate me.
Like he even considers that an insult. If someone called him not a drunk, he'd go start drinking.
The next thing I saw her in after Ragnarok was Endgame...
What absolute disappointing cowardice. My Opinion: Jedi Knight 2 and Jedi Knight 3 had dismemberment you could turn on, and they are the best Star Wars games (other than the flight sims).
Some people will do anything to stop their nation from squandering lives and potential on another useless middle-east war, it seems.
I finally took him down, now that I took his capital and his claim at being Emperor. In the battle with the army I used to wear his forces down, he killed 700 of my men. In the battle to finish off the pathetic remnants of his army, he killed 700 more of my men. It's a good thing I'm playing Cao Cao or I'd have to feel bad about all my men that died.
It's complicated, but it starts with people who care about games selling their business to people who care about business.
I didn't have a strategist with that skill, but I did have hundreds of men, so I just let him kill people until he got tired.
Step 1: Convince Nintendo to release a console that can actually run this shit.
That sure sounds familiar.
[VISIBLE TERROR]
Saying "But Maxis" to people who were into Sim City, Sim Ant, Sim Earth is just kinda mocking. I did my time playing with the dollhouse.
Make Israel do it. We've done enough for them, they should chip in.
https://time.com/secret-origins-of-the-tea-party/ No it was pretty much, from the start, astroturfed by the US oligarchy. It's not natural for people to look at the situation in the US and come to the conclusion that the problem is that the population is paying too much tax, unless your view of the nation starts and ends with yourself.
"I love Cathay" *raises 6 Vargheists*
Yeah, being console exclusive restricts 'good,' it can be 'acceptable' at best. They certainly developed the game on PCs.
I hear people complaining about illegal immigrants going to school. Cool, you don't want them to speak english? You want them to have no knowledge of how to operate in society? Basically, when you create an uneducated underclass, you are asking to get robbed.
I get that, 100%, but looking at it from the perspective of 'what's the outcome, and how does it effect the nation' it's just such an obvious thing to not care about. Who gives a shit if they 'assimilate' their kids assimilate no matter what they want. Here America is, taking in extra manpower, and indoctrinating it into Americanism, and some Americans want to cut off that extra power because it's not their favorite flavor. It's nuts! The strength of a nation like the USA is that it can incorporate any type of productivity and make it *America's* productivity.
I didn't see that movie a single time. I knew what was going to happen.
Inclusion of the prequels into the Star Wars saga lessens it, and should be avoided whenever possible.
Dong jokes are old now. I did laugh when I got a general named Mu Mu. In English, Moo is the sound a cow makes.
Hey, just like every other Republican tax cut. Sure wish Republicans would catch on that theyre getting fucked.
Neat. I started doing that on my own, cool to see speedrun people had the same idea.
This is like upside down world. Obama criticism was completely unhinged, they didn't even think he was American, while Trump criticism can be tracked back to the guy's own words.
Phew, for a minute there I thought you might have some information I had missed.
It's time for YOU to leave!
And then the producers noticed that this kind of fanservice brought more viewers than Gundam fanservice, and Build Fighters hasn't been good since the first season ended.
Donnie Yen was so out of place in Rogue One. He'd probably fit in Marvel a lot better.
That's just how they are. Some people are on a low enough level that they actually need religion. It's not a comforting thought.
On the steam page it says that there will be a blood amount slider! Very excited to see what maximum blood looks like, probably like the trailer.
Are there any options for dressing up like, perhaps, an ancient greek dude?
We need to impeach just because the man is completely unsuited to being in control of a nation.
The free market solution is to let a bunch of people die from being poor, to allow market forces to work on healthcare demand.
Wish it was that easy. They got the rubes lined up for their Jedi game already, saying "but Respawn!" over and over like it means anything anymore.
Yeah, Iron Blooded Orphans and Gundam The Origin were keeping mecha alive. It'll be nice if we can get some more soon.
I just don't care about emotes at all. I don't know what the emote key is. Emotes don't help me protect objectives.
The 2d one and the podracing game are the only 2 positive things to come out of the prequels.
mobile firefox has ublock origin
If I could wipe every prequel meme from existence, but in return get new Prequels for Star Wars, I'd do it in a heartbeat.
Yes, they are far more conservative. Borrow and Spend vs Tax and Spend, only one of these makes real sense.
Had the saudi royal family just hacked a journalist into pieces for a critical article just before then? I think they were talking about letting women drive on their own just before then. Very different optics.
This is the most obvious karma whoring i have seen in my entire time on this site seeing karma whoring.
People are just going to get confused if the artists keep drawing Kamille as a girl.
My guy is blue and white. I tried to make him look like a Gundam, so whenever he poses dramatically, I can say "I am Gundam" like Setsuna to break the tension
"what a bunch of turds, trying to improve their lives" - the troll living under the bridge to prosperity
Ve Also Heff Boose. Ve are not Stereotype any more than other Varhammer Races.
this is the most rad soundtrack since Megaman X what are you even talking about.
There was a lot of pop-in, which is distracting. I managed to fix it almost completely with ini file edits so it's not so bad. I was just defending a city with the AI and they were appropriately not stomping through the buildings we were supposed to protect.
Now if some bronze age shepards had written down metaphors about accretion discs and planetary formation, maybe I'd think this religion business had something to it.
then, Surprise! there's no message! Hideki Anno just likes to torture young boys!
I am always astonished at how Zeta Gundam nailed post-9/11 USA long before 9/11.
at least Hillary supposedly had an incredibly covert network of assassins. I'd take that over this amateur hour bullshit anyday
The difference is that even if the appointments were partisan, they were appointing qualified judges who respected, foremost, the constitution. Now the Republicans are packing courts with racist bloggers who fail to meet that standard.
There's a lot of room for being biased and still producing valid interpretations of the constitution.
You really believe the parties are about as bad as each other don't you?
at least they can't buy gameplay advantage
so, better Texas?
You can fix the pop in Go to C:\Users\&lt;your user&gt;\AppData\Local\MW5Mercs\Saved\Config\WindowsNoEditor and open Engine.ini Add these lines: r.ViewDistanceScale=6 foliage.LODDistanceScale=6 r.StaticMeshLODBias=-2
as a big fan of Universal Century Gundam, I would also approve of more 80s styled battlemechs.
I just hate the ankles. If you're going to redesign the Gundam at least make it look like it can handle the shock of something gundam sized walking.
Their most basic tenet, fiscal responsibility, is a lie. How can anything else be true?
I mean logically the thing to do would be to run a few tests with very low numbers of Republicans, just so we can be sure. I know I'll be giving that a try.
They just haven't lost sight of the most important Freedom, the Freedom to be used and discared by huge multinational corporations.
yes, that's why I refuse to spend money with them. Sticking with Valve and the Index for now. Facebook under no circumstances should be allowed to 'run' VR.
That kind of argument is a non-starter for conservatives. It just isn't important to them.
we can already load mods, there's a portrait mod and a mod that adjusts the spawning behavior! it's just the official interface for it.
I'd lose all the Star Wars movies since Return of the Jedi just to watch Wedge, Corran, and the Rogue Squadron crew sabotage the planetary shield on Coruscant.
That's what mods are. All of the other 'mod managing' 'directory management' hand holdy stuff is just fluff to make it more accessible. That fluff is coming though.
I think we need to take Star Wars back all the way before the Prequel movies, and just re-do the prequels entirely. You shouldn't build a house on a rotten foundation.
I'm sure the model is competently assembled, but the design is a trainwreck at best.
Hey! I have a backyard now! Check out this homeowner flex: NIMBYs are the fucking worst.
I always like Zeta Gundam. It's probably the most even playing field as far as mech power levels go. EDIT: and people get slapped a lot.
Tom Morello is pretty cool but i kinda wish they would tell me about it with less frequency on the satellite radio.
Yeah, you absolutely get the impression that folks like Berserker are more interested in being mad than being correct.
Yeah, prequel trash doesn't count.
I'm fine with keeping prequel trash out of Star Wars as much as possible. Less chance of the work being invalidated when the prequels are replaced. I consider picking EA to make the Star Wars games to be a colossal blunder as well.
Why are people so enthusiastic about tracking prequel shit onto the good parts of Star Wars? They need to stop.
I really *really* hope I am able to replace the prequels someday, so you know what it feels like to have 'the best Star Wars content' totally invalidated.
as a Star Wars fan, getting the IP away from EA is way more important than enjoying a Battlefront game packed with prequel trash.
It might make me a villain in the eyes of some, but it's what Star Wars needs.
I actually think a lot of the ideas and development of Star Wars lore in the prequels was bad as well. Let's just skip Midi-Chlorians altogether. Let's not have the Jedi, who are connected to a magical source of wisdom that derives from all life, be trapped in a monastery totally aloof from the world. Let's have the Clone Wars be so horrible, Alec Guinness's acting in Ep4 makes sense.
here's my crack at the prequels that i'm developing: The Clone Wars are in full swing. Factions of the Republic had been using clones to fight wars against each other for years, but one clone touched the force somehow (Palpatine), and was able to connect with all of the others. He then rallies the clone armies against their former masters, sending the Republic into a war for survival. my idea starts with Obiwan heading out to meet Anakin. Anakin had washed out of Jedi training as a young kid, but the clone wars are so bad that ObiWan is being sent out to bring in previously washed-out Jedi to fight. Anakin is a mercenary who runs a fighter squadron, his force sensitivity giving him an edge that has allowed him to enjoy great success. This is the stage for my Star Wars prequels.
Normally when I see stuff like this, i think "how do I keep the cats out of this thing?" In this case, the cats would have no idea how to get into, or ontop of, this thing.
That's actually preferable.
All that effort to try and make the prequels slightly less garbage. Total replacement is the best we can hope for.
I did it on a post about liberals ignoring history, for maximum irony.
i just thought he was a sexist ass
You feel bad for Jerid, because a lot of bad things happen to him, but he is still an asshole, and all this bullshit started because he was an asshole.
They would buy it on EGS because they like the idea of owning the game instead of having it go away when the subscription runs out.
I would do microsoft store over steam. No need to waste 30% on file hosting when you can pay the guys who made the game 100%
In this case, Microsoft owns Obsidian, so 100% of the money stays with them. I bought Gears on Microsoft too. The Microsoft store downloads and runs games, so what more does it need?
Alright, i'm gonna need you to put on this mocap suit...
This is less of a mod editor and more of the editor they used to make this game. It's amazing that they're letting us have this type of access. Can't disagree more on these negative takes on Mechwarrior5 Mercs. HBS Battletech is nice, but it lacks the crucial component of actually driving the mechs. Additionally, I've seen more map variety from MW5 Mercs than I've seen from Battletech, even though i've got 441 hours in Battletech and only 71 hours in MW5Mercs. The less important parts, the story and characters (This is Mercs, not Mass Effect), are held together by duct tape, but if that's what they needed to sacrifice to make the mech combat as awesome as it is, then i'd say it's worth it. I don't play Mechwarrior to talk to people in the mechbay. With these tools, people could make their own Mechwarrior, with blackjack and hookers, if that's what they wanted, I'm not even joking.
Downvote and move on, nobody needs this shit-stirring
Progressives arent escalating shit. The scared media is.
Warren and Sanders fine as MSM tries desperately to cling to power - FTFY
like the 'IRS scandal' like 'Uranium One' like 'Unmasking'
I use Epic and Steam and I don't feel particularly splintered. I use GoG too. And Uplay, kind of incidentally.
Rosen Ritter
I am assuming this makes exactly the same amount of sense in Japanese. Whoever subbed this [EG] version of ZZ that I have is a goddamn hero btw.
obviously PC
If we had to get another sword dude, shoulda been Geralt
Im fine it was just 0080
And that's why it's important to never vote for Republicans.
"We designed it for invading Jaburo" "What else is it good for?" "Hell if I know!"
Needing pierce resist when you hit act 2 is definitely one i feel most frequently.
How do I delete this post? If my kids are gay? No problem. If my kids love the prequels? You can bet I'm gonna wonder where I went wrong.
Getting better gradually &gt; Getting worse Plus, Capitalism isnt all bad. It's like a beast that needs to be harnessed, or it will trample the field. If you harness it, it will do a lot of work.
Yeah, attempts to tie the prequels to the rest of Star Wars make me sick.
man those textures on mobile are *rough* I really hope Gundam games can come to a capable platform again someday.
Spellforce 3 was pretty cool. It was like half RPG half RTS. I liked the music, and it looked great.
He doesnt need to tell *us* that, he needs to tell *them* that!
Well you have time to open a portal
Yeah, but that's only a problem while resources are finite. We just need to slow down long enough to get to space. Then, that buys us a lot more time to get our shit figured out.
my point is that to do something like saving the world, you need to get enough people on board, and you just aren't going to convince enough people to give up capitalism. Since that's our reality, we need to guide capitalism using the power that we have, to buy time for people to come around.
To me at least, engineering problems are easier to solve than people's hearts. I am not a propaganda guy.
If we want to live in a world where we don't tell people how many kids they can have, the 'space thing' is inevitable. I'm not talking about warp drive and other planets. I'm talking about large scale asteroid mining leading to permanent, self-sustaining space habitation. It won't happen in the next 25 years, but I'm thinking the events to come are going to light a fire under people's butts about learning how to engineer environments in general.
Oh I just meant so that it's convenient to get your grave. Hope it's not HC!
And he never did, since they lost the technology and just melted a lump of plastic onto his head instead. Yet another of the prequels' many failings.
I'm not sure handcrafting was even an option here. You can go to hundreds of planets, so if it's one mission per planet that's already hundreds of missions. If you think of what a mission really is, you land, you go to the target, you blow it up, some guys attack you, not every single one needs to be hand-scripted. I am liking these random maps, where I have to pull up my battlegrid and plan my route, more than the re-used maps from Battletech, where I have an idea where everyone spawns and what approach to make as soon as I recognize which map I'm on.
So, the Witcher 1 was really janky, and pretty much survived because of its awesome writing. This was the first game I played from CDPR, and the first I had heard of 'The Witcher' Witcher 2 came out, and blew witcher 1 out of the water. Amazing graphics improvement, dialogue improvement, the combat, everything. The writing was still quite excellent. Witcher 3 came out, and was almost as much improved over Witcher 2 as 2 was over 1. It was astonishing. People who have been following these guys for a while are just waiting to see what's next, because they have good reason to believe it'll be pretty great.
If this is how anime could remake Gundam today, I'm fine with giving them another 20 years to develop their art form. I hate most of the things about this, the CG, the colony, the costumes.
Maybe by then, it'd actually be good. I think the Legend of the Galactic Heroes remake is showing us the dangers of jumping the gun on these projects.
Right Wing: Goes further right Left Wing: "hey you're getting pretty Right over there" Right Wing: HOW DARE YOU INDICATE THAT I AM GETTING MORE RIGHT WING WITH HISTORICAL EXAMPLES
Maybe they can share this technology with whoever is trying to make Gundam these days.
Except that's not entirely true. The left had been moving right for the past 30 years or so. It's only now starting to correct back to a more moderate position.
I would disagree on that. Trying to get this country on track to serve its people instead of huge businesses is a moderate position. Bernie's not trying to cancel capitalism, he's just trying to make it work for a bigger group of people.
The whole point of the cylinder with mirrors is that it solves the problem of air, sunlight, and gravity all at once. This one does air, and gravity, but there's no mechanism for light, instead they seem to have all the windows as screens. If they're going to be screens, it'd probably be better to encase it in metal, maybe put water storage there to soak up radiation.
It's because with most helpful protesting, the important part you hear from the media is about all the trash they left, even if they didn't leave trash at all. Meanwhile, the establishment and gun salesmen hold a protest and the story we see is about how they picked all their trash up, and nobody got murdered.
Personally, a group that's defined by caring more about unfettered gun access than about access to education and healthcare already has hit rock bottom as far as my expectations go. I'm glad they were able to keep it clean and not have anyone get killed.
White southerner here. Those statues were put up to glorify the confederacy and intimidate black people. Take every one down and put them in a loser museum.
Most of it is right-wingers trying to go "hey how about those Muslims" and it's totally transparent, as right-wingers are the enemy of atheists as well.
I count 5 butthurt conservatives
They are at this protest because they'd rather vote to have gun access instead of voting to have better schools or a sensible healthcare infrastructure. Gun owners who aren't taken in by alarmist right-wing media probably weren't at this protest.
Taking healthcare back from the grifters will save tons of money. It's kind of a dead weight hanging around the neck of our whole economy.
I don't know how it could be any more obvious that people being led by the nose to vote for Republicans due to gun propaganda are puppets of the establishment. They aren't voting for worse conditions for themselves in every way because it's fun.
Or you could not be a moron and just buy the game once on PC. The more I hear about people buying a copy of a game for each system, the more 'peasant' seems accurate.
Really looking forward to that one. I love city builders and it looked like a neat concept.
pretty sure the PS4, the PS5, the 2 copies of each game, the controllers, having to pay for online gaming adds up to the cost of a PC that's faster than the PS5
Had to scroll down way to far to find 'the rise of conservative news services' We could dodge every bullet headed our way if it weren't for conservative news holding our governments directly in the path of the bullets.
When the left wing injects religion into politics, it's for doing stuff that religion has failed with, like helping and feeding the poor, helping them support themselves.
How is there a negative stigma around PC gaming? I thought it was widely considered to be superior, even by jealous console users.
Cool cool, maybe we can be done with prequel-derivative trash for a while? Maybe do something interesting with the setting?
I always love that sick burn Emma lays on Reccoa: "It's possible nobody will be sad when you die, are you ok with that?"
That's kind of an incredibly low bar. Rather than try to rehabilitate the terminally awful prequels with this type of supposedly decent show, I'd rather replace the prequels entirely.
The only lost cause is keeping the prequels as part of Star Wars.
in Anime, it happened between Turn-A Gundam and Gundam SEED.
Legend of the Galactic Heroes
prequels, by a mile. I'd reboot everything on both ends of the original trilogy though, if it were an option. I was open to losing my extended universe if it meant it got replaced with something as interesting. It hasn't been.
I can't get behind including 1-3 in canon.
Except for how it's the best game where you can drive mechs and blow shit up currently? We aren't exactly in a saturated market here.
really loving my decision to use an adblocker all the time.
A game that looked unimpressive 20 years ago. That you can't buy from anywhere.
Unless a remaster replaces everything after you take the elevator up after talking to Captain Anderson, it's pointless anyway. The people who could write Mass Effect's ending don't work at EA anymore anyway.
at least when G cuts corners, it's showing the suit-up sequence with the catchy music. When wing cuts corners, it's watching the Tallgeese destroy 3 mobile suits the exact same way, at least 10 times.
Do these assfaces not get that we're using the little girl specifically because they refused to listen to all the scientists and economists who actually know their shit?
'these people' are so taken in by fake right-wing media outrage they don't know what they think, or what they believe. They are out in the streets because of a non-existent threat against their right to own guns.
That the right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed is totally irrelevant to these guys being dupes for global oligarchy.
Agreed, with everything except not succeeding. As long as Republicans are human beings who can take in information and make choices, there's always a chance they can do the right thing.
Too bad their brilliance got them real ass jobs and they don't have time for this awesome bullshit anymore.
That's cool. I'll never give EA money again though. Look at the sick bastards, jiggling Bioware's corpse around some more.
So, if God exists as described, he's an infantile, mercurial, vengeful, absolutely disturbing being to be endowed with endless power. Avoiding angering that terrifying thing might be the point.
I never could get the edge-of-the-map scrolling to not be horribly chunky. Never tried dealing with that long enough to get into the game.
It's actually exactly what they *are* doing. Except, they are doing it during the day, at their jobs, with their own names. It's patch development time.
You would think a developer would understand the position PGI is in a little better. They switched engines and had to rebuild a whole lot from scratch. I think they're in a good position to grow the game they've set up, and I'm seriously impressed with the mod tools they've released.
For real, they release a patch and these kids act like they spat in their eye.
but not with education, or subsidized birth control access. Just in the fantasy way where people magically decide to not fuck.
That music is so good though. I lost there a bunch of times and wasnt even mad.
Warcraft 3 was definitely the high water mark from Actiblizzard. After then, with WoW and later Starcraft 2, they totally lost their ability to convey a compelling narrative somehow.
I was never really into online games, and I was scared off WoW when I saw a real life WoW basement, with a pile of empty Mountain Dew 2-liters and everything. Also, I wasn't a fan of paying a subscription for a game. I had the idea that I would play an inordinate amount, in order to justify paying the subscription. That, combined with the WoW den, was what got me to stay away.
A very good plan. I had no interest in 'online Torchlight' which probably exists to string you along as long as possible in order to sell you things. a Torchlight where I buy it and play as much as I want to play, and when, is much more appealing.
I hated it on Diablo 3, because that's not how Diablo is supposed to look, but I didn't mind it on Torchlight. That's how Torchlight is supposed to look.
I'm mostly just referring to the art style. It's nice that Diablo gets more gross than Torchlight. I actually skipped D3 since it looked like they were going in directions I didn't like on a few fronts.
Love that one high elf gettin stabbed over to the right. Quality elf stabbin.
Yeah c'mon. Those people don't read. Same with people who leave snow on their car.
It's certainly a miss for this sub's actual purpose, thinly veiled right-wing opinions.
Games with no single-player aren't even on my radar.
Legend of the Galactic Heroes after Yang is a hell of a lot better than 3 Kingdoms after Zhuge Liang. It's closer to the ending of the Lord of the Rings, where they don't have a larger than life hero so they need to wrap things up themselves.
Yeah but on the bright side we have mental context for watching democracy get overtaken by right-wing oligarchy in our own unfolding history.
Contrast this to actual well written Vader, in Shadows of the Empire the pride he feels in Luke as his son is enough to interrupt his dark-side regeneration techniques, as it is a positive feeling.
Certainly looked to me like fixes would be in the patch that comes out at the same time, while new content would be in the DLC
It should be legal everywhere. It's a tool used by law enforcement to selectively attack minority and lower class people. Legalizing it would take away a tool of injustice.
That thing needed an upgrade when it launched. Taking your handheld places is cool, but some people want a console to hook up to their TV and the switch does not really deliver.
None of those can play nintendo games. If i want good framerates in Breath of the Wild, i have no option but to emulate the Wii-U version
How useless of them.
Yeah, that's why they went from mobile games, where you can sell people bullshit like energy, to multiplayer games, where you can sell people bullshit like skins and XP boosts, to a single player game, where you sell people big chunks of actual work.
Epic's getting a workshop soon.
I mean if they put Warhammer 3 on epic and have a way to detect all my Warhammer 2 DLC, I'll buy it there just to give CA more money.
People complained about Ryana's and Fahad's accents, but in a universe that has such a ridiculous contrivance to have mech space vikings, Ryana being from the planet where they pronounce everything wrong, and Fahad being from the planet where people say 'guv' isn't a stretch at all.
do they really need one? I would think a mod workshop would be more important.
I can help you out here! You don't have to install malware, because epic store isn't malware.
Epic store isn't malware in any sense. Epic's actually less likely to be selling your information than Valve
Good news! it was never selling data in the first place.
that's a bullshit reddit narrative and has no bearing on reality
Basically the guy who owns 51% of the company and decides what the company does has definitively said that they won't do it. Tim Sweeney is a programmer more than a business guy, and has been on twitter saying that selling information that way is creepy, and a breach of trust. People are all caught up in this store business and are forgetting Epic's been a very reputable pillar of the games industry for decades, and is almost universally loved by developers, and supports them competently.
since that's a fantasy, and not real life, it actually is free.
both Epic and Steam have maxed out my fiber connection on game downloads.
I would say "there's no reason for them to take that reputation hit when their business relies on them having trust from the parents of a bunch of kids" but with some folks they've taken the reputation hit even without doing anything wrong!
Seriously, hating epic is like the anti-vax of gamers. Sure you have your own little system of logic. Doesn't mean any of it is remotely correct!
Steam was pretty much the only option until recently. There's no need for things to stay that way forever.
Epic is actually a driving force for not having gambling. The Rocket League folks are mad because Epic bought their company and took their gambling away. With Fortnite you're buying exactly what you see, and it's stuff that takes real work and not bullshit like energy.
Nobody is getting "fucked" It's a mild inconvenience at worst.
by the time Warhammer 3 is out, Epic will have a workshop
Do you when mean the claims that it was spyware and stealing your Steam data [were proven false](https://www.reddit.com/r/PhoenixPoint/comments/b0rxdq/epic_game_store_spyware_tracking_and_you/eijlbge/)?
I mean, the workshop is far enough a long that they're making test mods for mechwarrior 5 and posting screenshots. Even if it takes a while, Totalwarhammer 3 won't be out for at least a year.
I think it would be great. If you care more about who serves your files than the game itself, you are no fan.
Or, they'd use the total war launcher and total war access to make sure the game knows that you bought all the DLC. Epic already has a system for adding your Steam friends to your Epic friends. How much harder would it be to check your steam account for DLC, then set a flag on your Epic account saying you have it?
How many of them watched The Mandalorian?
PC exclusivity is a non issue. The game is still on PC. I don't need to buy a shitty, slow, locked-down computer to put next to my awesome computer to play the game.
I really like Zeon's ships from Zeta Gundam. The Gwadan and the Gwazine are just awesome.
[Epic is not a Chinese company](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/a9lntx/ubisoft_needs_to_stop_with_this_always_online/eclrmii/)
PC is the platform. Steam is just a launcher too. I use both, and GOG, btw. Epic is catching up on features too, this won't be the case forever, that's why they are sweetening the deal with all the freebies.
Epic is investing a lot of money in their platform, it just takes time to re-learn all the lessons Steam learned over the years. By using exclusives, they actually are competing with steam, in a way that won't get them sidelined like Origin, Bnet, or GOG. Epic recognizes that it will take time to match Steam's features, that's why they're being generous in other ways while they work on the store. Games being on Epic isn't a negative, or something to be avoided. If Warhammer 3 is on Epic, we should be happy because they're getting paid for their work instead of losing an extra 18% on file hosting.
That's an engineer from Epic posting the source code for the launcher. I don't know how much more open you can get. It seems like you're approaching from the perspective of "epic bad" and trying to make the facts fit your theory, and not the other way around.
https://www.epicgames.com/store/en-US/news/development-update-self-refund-keyless-partner-integration-and-changes-to-ownership-authorization The workshop and achievements might even be online by the time this game comes out in august.
essentially, it was a rushed implementation of the feature for adding epic friends to steam friends. the code showed that only the friends data was being sent to epic, and that the data was only sent when you hit the button to send the friends. It was patched to do things properly like a week after this thread. Epic doesn't want to be violating GDPR, they are a legitimate company with offices around the world, and would see consequences for it.
for starters, i think you're underestimating the ridiculous amount of money Fortnite has brought in for Epic. They can easily do both exclusives and store improvements. Normally you're right about these games drying up, and Fortnite should be a year into the 'tapering off' period, but somehow they're still showing record user numbers (i think people being stuck inside helps). The CEO has stated that the intent is to do fewer exclusives as the store gains users, not more, but i guess you're free to distrust them. Every time I see 'Tim Sweeney said X outrageous thing' or 'Epic says users are trash' i do a little digging and find that it's typically some clickbait and Tim Sweeney just said something really reasonable, or that a studio just recognized that a lot of people will be vocal about an exclusivity agreement.
[Epic is not a Chinese company](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/a9lntx/ubisoft_needs_to_stop_with_this_always_online/eclrmii/)
Basically, once you get on the Epic store and use it for a bit, you find out that it's perfectly fine as a game store and launcher, and that reddit is being a bit hyperbolic about it. You might even see their really good deals on some games and buy a couple. And there's no 'lack of mods' there's just going back to installing mods the normal way until the epic mod workshop gets up and going [and it already seems pretty far along (scroll down)](https://www.epicgames.com/store/en-US/news/development-update-self-refund-keyless-partner-integration-and-changes-to-ownership-authorization)
unfortunately, I can't read words for you, you have to go read them yourself.
I don't know when it'll be out, but they're clearly working on it. Probably will be added before a shopping cart.
can confirm, awakened as a Newtype this way.
1.5 years in and the store's in a lot better shape than when it launched, with features going in gradually the entire time.
Eh, let's hold off on Star Wars anything until we can get the prequels replaced with movies that are actually worthy of the name Star Wars. It'd be nice to get the license away from EA though.
the "lack of confidence" is an entirely unsupported reddit narrative, that is predicated on this "epic bad" attitude. I wouldn't pay it any mind. Even if Thrones was rough at launch, it got the support it needed because CA actually does care about having good products. I expect nothing less for Troy
&gt; You sound very silly, the bet is being made by CA... if they had faith in their product they would have bet on it, not taken the safe money payout. This is the unsubstantiated argument. They are making a bet, but not on their game's success. They're betting that Epic will be able to shift this game store situation to something that's more equitable for the developers, and not the middlemen. This is also where the "epic bad" mentality is seeping through. They would only take this "deal with the devil" if they were sure they were going to fail. That there's no other reason for them to do this. You're making a lot of assumptions implicitly.
my head canon is that he didn't stop drinking, not for a moment, between the colony operation and when we see him in MSG
he just has a deep voice.
[Epic is not a Chinese company](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/a9lntx/ubisoft_needs_to_stop_with_this_always_online/eclrmii/)
Caving to this irrational Epic fear is as stupid as the irrational Epic fear itself.
He's absolutely wrong on 2 counts, the bandwidth limiter was just recently added, and Epic is absolutely putting effort into fixing issues and improving the launcher. Achievements and mod manager are the next features to go in, and will probably be available for Troy. I wonder if he really uses Epic at all...
[Epic engineer comes onto reddit and posts the launcher's source code so people can see for themselves](https://www.reddit.com/r/PhoenixPoint/comments/b0rxdq/epic_game_store_spyware_tracking_and_you/eijlbge/)
The bonus is that you aren't making a deal with the devil because Epic is actually a good company, and this 'exclusives' business is just temporary until they get on more even footing with steam. Once your head clears, you'll realize you haven't been morally compromised at all!
kids are mad that they can't buy new releases with steam wallet funds they made selling those useless cards.
In the end, it's just people inflicting needless pain on themselves.
Yeah, I honestly thought totalwar fans would be better than this. Definitely getting brigaded by some fuckepic and kotakuinaction losers though, they're just making us look bad.
Epic is actually solid, and has been for a while. This is 100% perception, and the lies getting halfway around the world before the truth gets its pants on.
I wasn't either, but now it's guaranteed. Been using Epic's store since shadow complex and haven't had a bit of trouble.
I won't deny that some toes have been stepped on, but there's nothing 'scummy' about epic's tactics. It's not bribery, it's an agreement, and it's a risk for the developer too. Everyone who wanted refunds got refunds, everyone who wanted the game got the game.
The bottom line is, Epic is taking their fortnite success and using it to lift up the entire game development community. Their consistent generosity with the engine, with no-strings-attached grants, and in instances like Paragon, where when the game was cancelled they refunded everyone who put money in, isn't enough that a few poached kickstarter games can tarnish their reputation.
I can't say I've had any games fail to launch, but I haven't been playing Borderlands a lot, just Mechwarrior and Control. The big features recently are self-service refunds and automatic partial refunds, if you buy a game and it goes on sale the difference is automatically credited to whatever you used to buy the game. I'm not saying it's great, but to act like they aren't doing anything is just wrong.
&gt; They aren't lacking the ability either as these guys are some of the most capable IT developers in the world, making the launcher's current quality more unacceptable. I think, because that's the case, and because they know how it looks, that you're just seriously underestimating the difficulty involved in creating, running, and upgrading a store to compete with Steam.
That 40% was actually before this happened https://www.businessinsider.com/epic-games-1-billion-funding-largest-ever-gaming-investment-2018-10 and this https://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/361602/Report_Epic_Games_exploring_funding_round_at_over_15_billion_valuation.php so maybe it is more minor these days.
That damn Tim Sweeney making a bunch of .... totally reasonable statements in context! How dare he! This is one of the few posts where adding a bunch of links actually completely undermines your point.
and the soundtrack!
i'm writing in Jessica Edwards
It's planned for a month after Troy's release, so even if they're late it'll be in before Warhammer 3 for sure.
If you can upload the file, upload pictures, update the files when you have mod updates, and add your description, i don't see why it'd be much harder for a modder to support both. It may be that there's no reason to use Steam when everyone who cares about the game got the game free on Epic when it launched.
Nobody expected Warhammer 3 would be free on Epic. Even the "worst case" scenario, which isn't that bad, is that Warhammer 3 is a timed exclusive on Epic. If they had a way to make sure all the DLC i owned on Steam was available on Epic, i would welcome the change.
He'll definitely be the Raikage one day.
Mass Effect is useless as long as the end is picking one of 4 ways to lose to the Reapers.
For me, it had the same effect as watching season 8 of game of thrones. What is even the point of reliving the story if the ending has been bungled that extensively.
I really liked the Super Mario World manual for the SNES game. Also a big fan of the manuals for Warcraft and Warcraft 2. Really great illustrations in all 3 of those manuals.
People just think of Epic as "fortnite" and "crappy store." They don't know Epic's history so they think they're just getting rich quick and using the money to shit on PC gaming. If the Unreal Engine is any indication, the store will be in good shape in no time. They're a year and a half into catching up with Steam's 20 year head start.
That, and people think of PC exclusivity in terms of "taking away their choice" instead of "giving my favorite developers a big cash bonus"
I could hear his depressed-sounding monologue in my mind
calling people who care more about store drama than Total War games a "community" is being pretty generous.
if you claim it for free on the first day, you can still wait for reviews and play it later. if it turns out bad, you have lost nothing.
Games on Epic have mod support, it's the launcher mod manager that's getting added soon. This case is Microsoft catching up to Epic, since previously Microsoft Store games were super locked-down and could not be modded. Glad that people trying Mechwarrior 5 on gamepass can use mods now though, it's a big improvement. They could use mods before, but it was a serious hassle.
Restarting campaigns and trying different things is how I learn.
Insurance is just COLLECTIVISM!!! HOW DARE YOU EXPECT ME TO RELY ON OTHERS!
It's ok to be cynical, but on this site I think I'm seeing where it's possible to be too cynical for your own good.
Just start up a Tyrion campaign, try to take over your donut. Figure things out as you go.
Sure hope he has subtitles...
Five in the Stink. The Stink is the cops...
I disagree, because i think the astrays are also shit. It's like i gave my gundams to a toddler and they chewed on them a bunch.
KIERHEISUUUUU
Those in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. The prequels were the start of this rot.
This is like the only shit that could get me back into Nationalism as a concept.
/r/forwardsfromklandma
the prequels set the bar for Star Wars quality so low, even the sequels can clear it. I don't consider them canon.
I came here to laugh at you
The G-Self is probably packed with psycho-frames, based on how it acts. Maybe it does whatever Bellri thinks it does!
oblate spheroid earth*
Heero was trying to self destruct from day 1 though
Nobody is more impervious to the lessons and teachings of Christ than the right wing.
I've heard the saying "the cops are the biggest gang" but I gotta say I didn't expect the cops to take it so much to heart.
what, are you one of those Playstation fanboys that gets mad when the games make it to PC?
Evangelion, but is Evangelion really mecha? It's as much of a guy in a suit as Godzilla, if you want to get technical.
I had an i7 950 for a really long time. Upgrading to an i7 6700k actually made Total War games run significantly better.
he says while the slow ~~invasion~~ SETTLEMENT of the west bank continues
because we'd have to admit to ourselves that the way we treated the Native Americans was wrong
It wasn't from anybody, people just had to make something up to get mad at, so they interpreted everyone's positive statements in the most negative way, because they had the gall to not be apologetic about switching the digital delivery man.
if you want to check out what PC can do that consoles just won't ever match, try strategy games like Total War Warhammer
make sure you grab epic store and pick up the various freebies too. it's too bad you just missed civ 6
yeah just a couple, subnautica rebel galaxy batman arkham trilogy and lego batman borderlands handsome collection gta 5 Amnesia Just Cause 4 Stanley Parable Asscreed Syndicate Kingdom Come Deliverance but i won't list any more that guy probably doesn't want to know how much he missed out on...
oh yeah i didn't grab surviving mars because i had it on steam already. it's a pretty good one but I still dream of a modern version of Outpost. Underground makes more sense than domes!
Eh, I haven't pirated games since I started making money, but i suppose OP might not be in the same boat.
That's temporary. Once it's established as a Steam competitor we'll have more consumer choice, which will be decidedly pro-consumer.
if a company like Epic is taking this long to rebuild all of Steam's features from nothing, I'm thinking it's actually pretty difficult. I understand though, they needed to get started while Fortnite was still hugely popular, they couldn't have guessed that Fortnite would still be this hugely popular today.
... are people who oppose epic not ridiculous? they're just spouting off regurgitated youtube ramblings about how competing with steam isn't *really* competing with steam, and how helping developers is *bad for gaming* somehow. Folks have decided 'epic bad' and will go to any lengths to interpret reality through that lens.
yeah but once people look at the good deals in the store, they'll be tempted to buy things!
Maybe, in the sense that there's a bunch of idiots, who don't really understand the core concepts, following along because of social pressure...
basically, there's a bunch of young up-and-coming PC gamers who don't even have Steam, and this is their chance to hook those people into being Total War fans, and in large numbers by making it free. Also it's sounding like Epic's mod manager is going to be implemented about a month after Troy goes live, like with Three Kingdoms' launch. I can't see it being too much worse than Steam's when it comes to finding and installing mods.
Sometimes you want to drive the mechs, sometimes you want to play mech chess. Both games have their place.
i'll give them the writing, writing is HBS's specialty, which is why they needed to use PGI's art. Mechwarrior has a ton more voice lines, and that's by necessity, you can't stop to read when you're driving a mech. As for content, Mechwarrior has actual random maps, whereas Battletech has fixed maps and you can memorize the terrain and know exactly where the spawns will come from.
&gt; instead of This is where your argument falls apart. They're improving pretty fast, and dishing out free shit in the meantime.
And you're not wrong, I just think Mechwarrior has a lot of potential that's going to show itself as the DLCs are released, just like with Battletech.
&gt; get fucked relentlessly as is the case with epic and their exclusives. I guess I haven't noticed "being fucked" since the games run well, and I've gotten good deals on a lot of them. maybe "being mildly inconvenienced" would be a more accurate descriptor. That's easily offset by the freebies.
well just recently, self-service refunds, download throttling, and automatic partial refunds if a game you just bought goes on sale have been added. With mod manager and achievements coming soon, i think controller support is the only big one left, and most games handle that at the game level.
&gt; On the topic of games it is better to think of individual games than gaming as a whole Otherwise there is no possibility of a monopoly in the gaming industry. Even considering this, the exclusives are timed, and are announced as such from the beginning. Is there a term for "year-long monopoly"? I assume you also don't believe that the exclusives will end, as epic has claimed. I just don't think there's much value in the exclusives once epic gets their features up and running, and has enough people in the store. The cost wouldn't justify the benefit at that time. This is the distant future of course, at least 2 years from now.
Looks a little top-heavy but we're getting there.
That's strange, my windows scaling has been on 200% the entire time i've played (I use a TV as my monitor) and I haven't had problems with this.
I just want spider-man. Put it on epic for all I care, just don't make me buy a slow computer to put next to my fast computer to play spider-man!
Gross. I was hoping EA would lose the license before people got around to making space fighter games with Star Wars again.
I hope they do a standard EA job of it, so the Star Wars license can be passed to someone who can actually do some good work with it.
It's EA. My only expectation is garbage, with microtransactions. I was honestly hoping they'd lose the license before the idea of making a fighter-based game even crossed their cash-addled minds.
The owning class trying to set up feudalism again.
It's not really scummy though. Everyone who ordered the game got the game, everyone who wanted a refund got the refund. The game still came to Steam as well. People just like to mischaracterize an agreement to compensate devs for taking a risk on the new store as "bribery" and "bad" when really nobody loses anything, and the devs are in a better place to work on their next game.
https://www.theverge.com/2019/10/9/20906110/blizzard-hearthstone-ban-hong-kong-china-epic-games-fortnite-blitzchung
[Good news!](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/a9lntx/ubisoft_needs_to_stop_with_this_always_online/eclrmii/), if China's getting your info, it's not from epic.
"How'd you stop the end times?" "Oh we just shot the guy to death"
https://ooblets.com/2019/07/we-did-the-thing/ This? This is what pissed people off?
that could have been more diplomatic, absolutely, but it sounds like at the time they were under a lot of stress from angry gamers. Looking at the patreon page there's absolutely no indication there that contributing will get you a copy of the game, so i can kind of understand that response if it's a question they've had to answer a lot.
I mean if you were actually hyped for it, the barrier of entry for EGS is pretty low. I think you can overcome it.
I wouldn't skip Witcher 1, especially if you're looking to waste some time. Once you get the hang of the combat and get over the initial difficulty hump, the story of the game really shines through.
The comments here are really explaining a lot about the type of people that get mad that games are on Epic.
people who don't read, and don't bother with verifying what people say. Both the trailer for the game and the store page say 'early access'
That's right, I forgot i was on /r/pcgaming, where coming to an agreement to be compensated for taking a risk on a new platform that legitimately offers better terms is 'bribery'
if you think Epic, who makes unreal engine, isn't going to innovate and seriously compete, you're seriously short-sighted
The stuff that looked good to me blew by really fast, Phantom Brigade, Iron Harvest, and Airborne Kingdom.
I'm just appalled at all these folks groveling at EA.
Have you made any changes to the music ducking that happens when voice lines go off? I have SFX and Voice turned down so I can rock out while destroying things, but the volume still goes down a lot when Ryana's telling me things.
Cool stuff. No rush, mod at your own pace!
I think the area that needs the most love is the area from Darkvale Gate northward. Both in terms of art, and off-path secret areas, i think that corridor is a little worse off than the rest of the game.
The real truth is that the prequel trilogy is complete garbage, and that Star Wars can't be good until that cancer is excised, and superior robot limbs are attached in their place. Star Wars is crippled until the prequels aren't part of it anymore, is how it is. It's irresponsible to build more floors onto a house with cracked foundations.
When the writers were good, the force is like convincing nature that it should choose another path. This is why the greatest jedi masters retreated from life and only adjusted events with minor, almost unnoticeable nudges. This is why Yoda retreated to Dagobah and just waited and observed the galaxy. When writers got shitty (prequels and sequels), the force is whatever people want it to be, and is completely unpredictable and un-understandable, because the people who have been charged with guiding it and crafting the story are totally incapable of doing so. This is why things no longer make sense.
and some angery eyebrows on his chest skull
They kill a lot of kids, even for Gundam
There's reasonably priced blurays now, through Rightstuf, but I only bought them so I'd feel better about my nice pirated copies.
I don't think the thunderbolt sector was like that until after all the colonies there were destroyed, turning the place into a debris cloud filled with broken fusion reactors. It was normal space before, since Gundam just takes place around Earth, and there is no space lightning at any of the Earth-Moon Lagrange points.
the Old Gods of Asgard song in Control was pretty great too. Wish I could reset just that part of the map and go through it again.
Zeta was the first show I had watched in a long time where i genuinely had no idea where they were going with it. Plus, the Titans really nailed post-9/11 USA.
Honestly, we did a lot worse. The colony drop was a serious catastrophe. The intentional overreaction to 9/11 in order to invade Iraq and Afghanistan was significantly less justified than the Earth Federation's paranoia about future spacenoid attacks.
Voltron was pretty good, but they need to relearn the old ZZ Gundam magic of being able to abbreviate your transformation/combination sequence, and change its background.
Oh shit, they're Newtypes!
Prequel acceptance makes me sick.
Gundam is nice because it has no filler episodes to skip, but it does have some filler series to skip, like SEED and Victory.
SEED tries to re-tell the story of Gundam, and SEED Destiny tries to retell Zeta Gundam, but they both have really terrible writing, art, and animation, so just watching original Gundam (movie trilogy) and Zeta Gundam (series) covers that. Victory is just super depressing, and it takes place at the end of the Universal Century timeline so you don't need to watch it to understand any of the other series. It just hurts you for no reason. Nobody grows or learns anything.
I don't see the point in indulging in all that negativity. PGI did a great job creating the art for all these mechs, the battle damage, the random maps, and the very engaging mech gameplay. They deserve a whole lot of credit for releasing their editor to everyone, and then helping people use that editor. Saying "PGI Trash - Modders Good" is excessively reductionist.
Sometimes it is cheating, but a lot of the time it isn't. I like to keep a modlist that enhances the base game, but without overriding all of the gameplay choices. I'm not using any of the mods that let you change all aspects of the mech because I want to keep the feel of being stuck in just a leopard, with one head mechtech, and no ground facilities or government support. In Battletech, I liked mods that filled in things that would be appropriate for the time period, but not major overhauls like Roguetech, or mods that expanded the tech base past the 3rd/4th succession wars eras. I am a bit suspicious too, playing with the AI mod and the Rescale mod, that it's causing me to have better outcomes in my missions, but it's close enough that it could just be the result of getting better at playing and managing my lance.
I'm hitting the difficulty 60-80 range in my current (2nd) playthrough. Usually running with 1 assault, 2 heavies, and a medium, or 1 assault, 1 heavy, and 2 mediums. There is some babysitting that I have to do, which is usually getting my guys to focus fire on mechs that do a lot of damage but have less armor, like SRM javelins, riflemen, and jagermechs, and personally going and removing the autocannons from urbies, centurions, hunchbacks, and victors before they can chew up my guys too much. My main ride is a Battlemaster where I took off 2 lasers to add more heatsinks, but sometimes I'll let one of my guys drive the atlas D i picked up and drive my Kintaro myself. I did spend some time early on just jumping between easy missions, getting cash, so I could go on a mech shopping vacation in Kurita space. Nowadays, since I just decided that Davion and Steiner will hate me and always took missions against them and for everyone else, I have really high rep with the Liaos, the Kuritas, and the Mariks. Now that I have high rep, I always get salvage, so I can run a proper used mech dealership, and get some higher level weapons. Base defense missions cap out at about 40 enemies, which is just 25 more than where they start, and the enemies always come in waves. They are my favorite missions because the enemies usually focus on the objective until you shoot at them, so my repair bills are a lot lower. Only 1% of the base needs to survive, after all.
The lady on tattooine whose wraid plate i crassly stole, dooming her to being stranded on that shithole of a planet forever.
I definitely threatened her and took the rest of her money too.
I miss the time when computers were too complicated for people as dumb as you to use.
I fucking hate those pop! figurines with their identical faces, chibi builds, and soulless beady eyes.
Personally, I think people accepting the garbage prequels is the worst thing to happen to Star Wars, since Star Wars as a whole won't be good again until the prequels are replaced. Once Star Wars isn't able to be judged by "well at least it wasn't as awful as Attack of the Clones" it will be able to have standards again.
Yep. I am for scrapping everything except the OT, and building prequels and sequels that actually connect to it properly.
EA hasn't changed. This is another Dead Space/Mirror's Edge era to try to convince you they're decent before they shift back to being awful again while cashing in on what should be a name that's been dragged through the mud for decades.
multiplayer focused with a 6 hour single-player portion, it's not going to be a good game.
Well at least we know it doesn't heal it.
I don't think you need to wait. Epic store says I've got 7 days of playtime, and I did my first playthrough mostly without mods. On my 2nd one now and still having a lot of fun. Some of my friends picked it up, and I've been playing with them, driving their light mechs and helping them turn their struggling merc companies into proper used mech dealerships. The DLC looks like it's well planned too. Each biome and mission type will add considerable variety to the game.
Most of the 'debate' seems focused on putting words in peoples' mouths, or assuming Epic is lying about everything. Like the main problems are saying: "they are spending money on exclusives instead of improving the store" - not true, they are doing both. "12% is unsustainable, Tim Sweeney said this" - not true, this is not what he said "epic is trying to start a monopoly" - not true, epic has even said they will be doing fewer exclusives as time goes on, instead of more. Not really much of a debate there. Linux gamers are pretty much the only people who have a real reason to be mad, and I do empathize with them.
Oh, paying devs for timed exclusives is like the least objectionable thing. All those games are still available on PC. There is no issue. I am glad that the devs have been helped, it will help them make better games. I had such a hard time believing people were upset about that, that I assumed that one of the other issues were their real problem.
I've bought the Control DLC and the Ashen DLC, so yes. That's not a recent thing either, i bought the Ashen DLC months ago.,
It's funny because Star Wars has been a joke since Phantom Menace.
Paptimus would have taken one look at that beast and said "fuck all of this shit" Then, the Titans, having withdrawn during Operation Maelstrom, would have not been obliterated by the colony laser, causing the war to drag on and many more people to die.
you should share opinions like this over at /r/outreachHPG, they love this shit. you started strong, but you went off the rails with total negativity. The mech gameplay carries it enough that a lot of the rest can be forgiven until PGI gets the mission generator overhauled.
Some people love PGI, and some people hate PGI, and some people think PGI is just ok.
I think the 'just ok' folks are welcome too. Also the people who think they could do better. It's just the hate people that get the downvotes. I understand it though, I really hate EA and Actiblizzard, and I act towards them the way Outreach folks act towards PGI. PGI just hasn't pissed me off in that way yet. They seem like they're actually trying right now.
And then he starts bashing him in the back of the head with a rock. Reinhard doesn't start fights, he ends them.
Not sure how they can say D2 taught them about how to work on mood and atmosphere, then turn around and make D3. Grim Dawn has been great though!
Well, they got the Mechwarrior license renewed for another 5 years, and PGI is hiring people, so those seem like good signs that they aren't giving up. It's absolutely a good place to spend effort. Adding mission types and biomes multiplicatively increases mission variety each time they do it. I just hope they aren't spending so much time on new mission types that they don't go back and adjust old mission types. Battletech did a big overhaul of their 'battle' mission type later in the game.
I tried Driftland out a while ago, and it seemed really RTS/combat oriented, while this one seems more peaceful. I should give Driftland another try.
conservatism seeks to further entrench the power differential showcased by this image.
it was never going to be Epic OR Steam. Epic's goal has always been to make it Epic AND Steam, and I think they have a good chance of pulling that off. For games where I don't need Steam's features, I'll definitely buy more games there in order to pay the devs more, just like how I've bought Witcher games from GOG, and plan to buy Cyberpunk there also.
This game and the 2d-animated clone wars short series were the only positive things to come from the prequels, but if I had to give those up to get new prequels I'd do it in a heartbeat.
The economy next week, or the economy in a month when we have to lock shit down again?
i beat the game twice on Mouse+KB, just takes a little getting used to.
ain't nobody else gonna tell the mf Kaiser that he can't get millions of space troops killed just for his ego.
Crysis is cool and all, but I stopped giving EA money a long time ago and I am not starting again now.
Well, the chance of me buying it just went up by a lot.
Will do. Might be about a decade though.
I think one thing that's missing from all this 'remaster bad' discussion is that Crysis basically can't run itself at 4k, even with enough graphics power to do this. With the remaster, higher resolutions won't cripple the game, AND mods can be added on to improve the experience.
Of course it's going to run crappy on a ps4, even the refreshes on those consoles are really weak. I'm going to wait to see more than some blurry video footage before I make my judgements. A lot of what's different between the 2 images can be accomplished with ini edits.
"this shit again? I only have one more time travel allotment before Cable shows up and tries to kick my ass."
There's a decent amount of single player stuff in there. You can go at your own pace and have a lot of fun even if you aren't great at fighting games.
