That's a troubling thing to say. Have you ever thought about seeing a therapist about it?
Who's to blame for you being a prick?
The smugness really pairs well with your assholery. Like the perfect wine served with the entre that is your shit personality.
I'm an American, and I enjoy my free speech and my gun collection... But the person you are talking to is right. Over all happiness and quality of life is a lot better in many other countries. Does this mean I don't like living here? Not necessarily. But I'm also a damn sight away from "being sure that we're the best"
He retweets memes and quotes from White Nationalist twitter accounts. Clearly he agrees with their ethos. Oh, and a Muslim Ban isn't a good look either.
Not what he said while campaigning
Based on your spelling and grammar, I'd wager a guess that maybe part of your confusion could stem from a lack of reading comprehension, or possibly a rather serious learning disability.
Epitome of a keeler
&gt; You all are hateful and wish harm upon everyone. Pretty ironic you say this 4 minutes after the quote above lmfao
I've literally never opened a comment thread in that fucking cesspool without seeing an upvoted racist or homophobic remark. The subscribers there are the least American people I've ever met. You should be ashamed to associate with them.
Um. Where were they disproven? It's public fucking record he was banned from a goddamn mall from creeping on preteens lmao
Goddamn how do you make it through life being this unintelligent?
&gt; We have an extremely strong economy rn due to his tax cuts. Aaaaaaand that's how I know that you don't know much about economics
I mean... you made a claim. I feel like asking you to back it up isn't really arguing
Do yourself a favor and before you take anything apart, buy some EZ-Flo crystals and follow the directions. If it's truly just beard hair, it will take care of it immediately. Source- I'm a long haired bearded dude whose sink and shower clog completely about once a week.
He still complains about 3 million illegal immigrants voting. And that's literally been disproven lmfao
By all means, link me to your best InfoWars articles lol
https://www.pbs.org/newshour/politics/report-trump-commission-did-not-find-widespread-voter-fraud Also, the dude appointed a whole goddamn team to find Democratic voter fraud... ...And they couldnt find any. That is a fact. Not an opinion.
&gt;You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. *I don't even wait*. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything. emphasis is mine, dumbshit
&gt; The economy is the mindset of the people, if it is positive, then the economy is positive, if it is negative, then its negative. I really can't imagine what it would be like to be this unintelligent
&gt; Should they have to pay a 16 year old 30 to 50,000 a year? That seems a bit absurd to me. For one, methinks most teenagers dont work full time. And two, a 16 year old can flip a burger just as well as a 30 year old. Why should they be paid differently?
Because the very Act that created the minimum wage in America had the explicitly stated purpose of ensuring every working American earned a living wage. That's literally the entire reason it exists. Sure, a high school work program or babysitting your neighbors kids shouldn't pay as much as a real job, but someone actively working a real established job should be able to afford to survive. And again, I'm assuming you did not work full time, no? A job should pay enough that, working full time, should be able to support themselves.
Audio, the behavior of sound waves, or music/sound production in general.
I salt my apples
Ulcers and throwing up blood
&gt; handgun Bad idea, man. I carry a gun on occasion but no one should ever carry one in a purse. It's dangerous as fuck, it's shit to draw from, and you're really just more likely to arm your assailant than yourself.
The minimum wage provided a livable wage when it was created. It just didn't keep up with inflation. Do you think that there were more or less mom and pop shops before 1950? Spoilers: it was more. The problem *isn't* that paying a livable wage makes things unaffordable. The problem *is* tha the fat cats at the top of the food chain dont want to give up their multimillion dollar bonuses- that's an issue that needs addressed by entirely different legislation.
Fucking watermelon flavored Fruit Gushers. I don't know why but goddamn I could get down on those
I only do it with green apples, but I swear it's the best flavor combination ever. Slice a green apple and lightly salt it and it's perfect
I'm a native St. Louisan and lifelong Cards fan. The dude is a class act. He offered the Cardinals a huge (like tens of millions of dollars) discount so he could stay but it wasnt accepted. Good calls by both parties. Signing him to make that much for a 10 year deal would have been God awful for us, especially considering the drop in his numbers; but also dude had to keep getting paid. It was inevitable. Doesn't make me love Hombre or the franchise any less. I'm just glad to see him back for a night and I'm really REALLY hoping they sign him to a one year contract before he retires. Not to belittle his time with the Angels, but he should retire with the Cardinals
Seeing ladies do it seriously gives me anxiety
I also do that but its completely different
&gt; I always thought it was the other way around. We gave him as much as we could but Anaheim offered him about 10 million more over the course of the contract and he went with that. &gt; &gt; Maybe I don't know as much about the deal as I thought I'd always thought it was the other way round too, but the former coach called into KMOX when they were being hard on Pujols and told them that, so they should give him a break. I trust Tony L to be informed on the matter
Holy fuck and you doubled down on it
&gt; as anyone seen her interview with Anderson Cooper? The lady has serious mental issues that are evident If that makes you think her unreliable, then why do you find Trump so reliable?
I'm not saying to throw the man in jail. I'm saying it bears investigating. My entire point, however, is that Trump appears mentally handicapped in *literally every appearance he makes* so I'm questioning whether or not you believe HIM when he says things. And if so, then why? I didn't open your links, no, because YouTube isn't an acceptable source for a middle school paper. Do better or don't try at all.
So I'm assuming you don't eat meat?
I can't help but picture you tipping your fedora and scratching your neckbeard after typing this
&gt; yes, anyone who dislikes hunting is a fedora-wearing incel, hurrrr No it was your smug self-righteousness and obvious belief that anyone who held a different opinion were... what word did you use? Morons? If you didn't understand that was the problem that people have with your comments then maybe the hunters aren't the unintelligent ones around here. I don't care if you don't like hunting. You just don't need to publicly jerk yourself off over it because of whatever superiority complex you have going on.
They're probably infinitely more afraid that they are his type.
&gt; debate. I don't think you know what that word means.
&gt; According to google, a debate is a formal discussion on a particular topic, in which opposing arguments are put forward. Wooowww, 5 seconds of typing into my computer proved you wrong. See that's where you're fucked. Because these two stances aren't arguments. One is a scientifically supported fact, and one is a false opinion. It's also ironice that you said this too, as you ask me for evidence of global warming/climate change when it is one of the issues globally right now with the most easily accessible information available on it. https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/ Do you know more than NASA?
We are insulting him for being a hypocrite lol
Thank god we have you since all of those doctors and scientists and dietitians that have dedicated their lives to studying this clearly don't know what they are talking about. &gt;Drugs are only good for getting fucked and for you, apparently, also growing a beard lmfao
Are you sure you didn't see it on reddit literally yesterday? Because I did.
You're useless
Is this a copypasta? It has to be.
Could you please give us the exact comment?
I'd totally fall asleep with it on and cut my dick off during my midnight masturbation session
But never tell anyone your resolution. The mind has a way of getting the same gratification from *telling* someone that you're going to accomplish something as it will get from actually *doing* the thing. Telling someone what goal you will achieve actually decreases your odds of getting it done.
Yuppp. If they want a search of your car there will be a reason
They're expensive as fuck though. I like the place but it's almost worth it to drive out of town to get something at a fairer price
I skip arm, back, and chest day too. (Also, they *do* make 511s in bigger sizes)
Ahhhh the ol' I-went-hunting-so-I'm-a-redneck-aroo
Idk man. I literally drive all the way to The Cave just because the prices on the exact same pieces or so vastly different.
https://blogs.scientificamerican.com/culturing-science/new-years-resolution/ This is just a blog, but the actual pdf to the psychological study is linked in it
People old enough to actually buy it, lil fella
How so?
You really should be on the side of pro 2A liberals if you want them on your side
&gt; If you don’t agree with their policies, don’t work there. That's not always how it works, though
ouch, man
I'm literally the opposite. You give me the OP limited resource and it's gone immediately cause I wanna see what that shit do
Perhaps they aren't all racists, but they take pride in and relate to a symbol of racism. So, if they aren't racist the confusion is really their fault..
They are totally allowed to. Just like the rest of us are allowed to think they are trashy for taking pride in the symbol that stands *solely* for a "nation" that fought for the right to own other people.
Vast majority of things you say are complete bullshit. Does your asshole ever get jealous of your mouth for the things that come out of it?
And there's nothing like that in Western culture?
It's the point that our president speaks like fucking subreddit simulator. He's a fucking unintelligible moron. That's a political topic.
No it doesn't necessarily prove that, I guess. Reading his tweets or listening to him speak does though.
I remember using mine to catch one of the legendary birds. Spent so many great balls trying to get Mewtwo.
Lol based on their appearance you assume that they are unqualified?
Keep thinking of and talking about women that way and you always will be
So you're saying that there is no conceivable possibility that any single person in America could be forced to take a job with policies that they don't agree with based on their qualifications, location, or economic status? Damn, I wanna live in your utopia version of America lol
&gt; If you boss/company is an asshole, find a new one and tell them to stick it. You **literally** just admitted this is not an option for everyone. I'm having a *really* hard time figuring out how this is so confusing for you.
Or like the fact that Christian's still overwhelmingly force their male children to be circumcised. Or the fact that women in most churches are told birth control is a sin Or the fact people in religious circles are taught that their homosexuality is a sin But sure it's just a problem with Sharia law...
Not the majority of America. Just the most vocal minority as well as their leash keepers with all of the money
So none from billionaires that you can find, got it. Also, his top contributor in a span of 5 years was less than 15k?
But in 5 years his top contributor was organization that paid him a total of 15k... again, over the span of 5 years. That's 2k a year in case you didnt know. Pete's top 20 contributors ALL donated more than that, organization-wise. You realize that right? The organization that donated the 20th most to Pete still donated DOUBLE what Bernie's TOP corporate contributor donated...
No I can say double lol. Pete's 20th place contributor donated more than 40k. Bernie's first place contributor donated 15k. Tell me how I'm wrong here?
It's from the website you linked me lol
&gt; Not sure how to explain again how obvious it is you’re bending facts but the link I provided was specifically to relate to the 2020 election cycle Click the link you posted again. Literally says from 2015-2020.
&gt; These tables list the top donors to candidates in the 2015 - 2020 election cycle. Dont get mad bb you provided the link
Different song, you pud
I know a guy that is a "virtual" CIO for smaller/startup businesses. He basically makes their technology decisions and manages their servers and networks from home. He actually leaves home to step foot on their properties like once every two months. And he makes a lot of money.
/s?
Coasters, man! Where are the coasters?!
I'd die to have a coffee table like that. Don't leave rings on it!
It's super neat! Almost making me wish I wasn't going with an industrial look in my living room
That's not the students fault.
That's not at all what OP said. He just word-vomited some get-off-my-lawn-kids-these-days-are-lazy boomer bullshit that barely passed the bar of intelligibility. That's what I have a problem with.
Not every criticism of a woman is misogynistic.
How so?
The fact that she could have come out and said it during the election or during the period where numerous other women came forward accusing him of the same or worse actions yet chose to do it at the exact same time that she was promoting her new book instead does make her motivations slightly suspect.
No? I wouldn't have? I would have hoped she changed the election lol. I hate Trump more than you can fathom. I believe this phone call happened exactly the way she says. I am even glad she came out about it. I just also think she picked an opportune time for herself to come forward. And, moreover, I'm not even mad about it; it's a smart move. I just also think that was *part* of her motivation.
Just like it is for every city on the list of top 70 biggest cities...
Actually he only has an associates in science. He took a few computer classes. Got A+ certified and his N+ certification. Worked freelance for a couple of mom and pop stores coming in when they were having issues and pretty much bullshit the rest of it from there.
&gt; Trump has been all about the liberation of women from day one. Name one way in which this is true
M'atheist
and a tip of the fedora to you as well, m'gentlesir
Irrelevant? That show is pretty popular
I'm not religious one bit. I just don't get a superiority complex over it lol.
Superiority complexes are not region specific, just as they are not belief specific (as you exemplified). Besides, I live in the Midwest. Plenty of fundamentalists here.
Show has actually taught me a lot
You telling me when discrimination ends I'm gonna get Thanos-snapped out of existence?? Fuck man
But what about white people who are actively trying to help end racism? Lumping all of us in as not deserving respect seems... mean :(
Don't tell me my business, robot
Wishing death upon thousands of people. You really took the high ground here, dumbass. I didn't expect to find a person worse than Trump on reddit today, yet here you are.
no u
Ok bb
You know it hurts when you say things like that
it hits me deep down
all I ever wanted was your elite approval
You're
Someone was masturbating through their government class
Time to buy him Dark Souls
No, Obama got him years ago. I don't see how that's relevant now.
huh. Turns out it's just in my state actually! TIL
We have yet to see or hear any of the evidence of this planned attack. Yes, the administration has claimed there is some. But also, yes, this is an administration lies on literally a daily basis. And fabricated evidence as an excuse to get into a middle eastern conflict isnt exactly a new play for the American government, either.
&gt; Because random golfers keep their mouths shut better than our public servants do. Which is why this story exists? Lmao
I can't tell if you're being a troll or not.
Butt Tacos
&gt; Spike has experience with all sorts of space oddities. If he has his crew with him, and they have that hacker chick, he definitely beats back the Terminators. If he has his ship he can just kinda run away indefinitely, which I'll chalk up to a win. But barehanded, and alone? He dies. Kyle Reese (all but) kills a terminator and he literally starts out naked and has to take care of someone else while doing so. Spike dips and doges for 2 days, gets Swordfish, then mops them up with that lightning gun.
I'd argue that Peter has went toe-to-toe with much more capable enemies that Mando (as much as I love him). If he was that easy to kill, some random hit man in NYC would have already sniped him with a .50 cal a long time ago. Mando has nothing that can even remotely make this work.
I see you post on r/christianity. How do you reconcile the teachings of Christ with Trump's rhetoric and actions?
Deleted his comment, sadly. I'd have liked to have seen it in action.
Am I to take it that you served, then?
Romans take it the zombies easy. All of the technology that proves the most effective in TWD universe is technology that the Legion is familiar with. Some casualties are taken before they figure out walkers can only be killed by a blow to the head, then roflstomp ensues. Throw other survivor groups into the mix and they only win through pure numbers- and even then probably only in round two.
People have too many things to distract them now. We protest on our phones and computers as opposed to sit-ins. As much as I wish it would happen, it won't.
Yes. That is exactly what I said.
How do you figure? I'm hoping that he doesn't but I'm starting to get really pessimistic
Do you just say stuff like that and hope no one reads the article? lol Actually, given what I know of Trump supporters, it probably does work
This is all assuming that the same supporters that elected him last time vote rationally
The same handful of stone throwing militia members that we, the most militarily powerful nation on the planet, can't even fully defeat?
Could you point out where in this comment thread I said the names of any major American political party? Please and thanks!
I think being as fucking stupid as you would be really comforting. Like.. life must be so simple.
Didn't this sub used to have a yearly meet up?
I've heard the dude had several Lambos so yeah I'm thinking so
My favorite handgun to shoot by far and if these are in any sort of decent condition at all this is a great price
What a shame, that actually sounds like it would be cool. Totally understandable though.
Who is Anita? And is she cute?
My mistake. Yeah, I've heard nothing but good things about the guy. I'm not sure what has gotten in to my side of the river recently, but I'm hoping things calm down
I wish swim trunks still had belts. Genius.
After running track and cross country for years I've vowed to never mash my junk into a pair of spandex shorts ever again.
corrected. thank you
I want one
Yeah they called laptops
You're* Have some fucking class.
He sounds like one of those people that couldn't pour water out of a boot even with the instructions written on the heel.
Good thing eating ass is in these days.
You know what's nuts? I don't see the name Soleimani in that paragraph you linked one time.
Just because she's literally an expert in her field does't mean she knows what she's talking about, amirite?
&gt; Not trying to be rude and then you proceeded to immediately fail lol
You, sir, are an idiot.
Considering that you consider a man that let a casino go under in Las Vegas a "successful business professional" I actually take that as a compliment.
&gt; I am yet to see a single post make it to hot that goes against this. In order to make it to hot, someone needs to be intelligent enough to make a witty murder. I'll just leave it at that.
See being funny is only half of the murder though. Being correct is the other half. Perhaps if conservatives didn't take the scientifically and factually incorrect stance on most topics they'd have more opportunities for a solid murder.
How the fuck is this number not higher?
You don't think that MAYBE Millennials are no more or less chill than anyone else, it's just that social media is a thing now so the silliest people get recognized?
I was born 10 minutes on the Illinois side of the river and can confirm. I love it to death but Imo's tears me the fuck up the morning after. It is now a weekend meal only.
Is your username a Receiving End of Sirens reference?
What part of what you said do you think could *possibly* be offensive to me?
Also they fiddle with your b-hole a little bit
So what you're saying is that you'll cook OP some pierogi. What a guy.
There is, but it's pretty hard to guess
lol you realize the irony that you got your chode tied in a knot because someone reminded you that tipping is a thing, right?
So, what you're saying is that the same house (adjusted for inflation) doesn't cost any more in the 60s than it does now?
I mean we can't all borrow a smooth mil from our parents to run a few brands into the ground.
I'm sorry
uhhhh have you ever talked to anyone that bought a house in California in the 60s?
r/lewronggeneration They actually will just let you pick up your fedora on the way in.
So you admit that it would happen in some places, so your idea of it being just completely impossible is flawed, correct?
Hey man, I just transitioned out of the AV industry into IT. AVI Systems, CTI, and -to a lesser extent- Tech Electronics should be places that you check their actual company websites regularly. Out of all of these, I would suggest CTI the most just considering their pay and benefits. Also, check community college and University websites. A combination of AV/IT knowledge is what a lot of them really look for and I've noticed higher education jobs for some reason don't always make it to places like Indeed or Monster. As a fellow industry professional, feel free to reach out to me any time you'd like!
I never wish harm nor injury to any human on this planet, and that includes you. I do firmly believe, though, that the world would be a brighter place were you not to be in it.
It's a murder because he tried to use science to prove his point. She took the science that he cited- yet misunderstood- and then insulted him by using that science correctly. She may have also taught him a science lesson. This is like.. the definition of a good r/murderedbywords post
Never attribute to malice what can be explained by stupidity. I think the guy was definitely trying to be an asshole. I just also think he isn't very smart. If he understood the concept then he would have understood he was opening himself up to this exact response.
&gt; Democrat (or should I say "socialist" since that seems to be the democrat agenda any more). Right there, in case you were wondering the *exact* moment we all figured out your level of intelligence
Shawnee Forest is my favorite. 2.5ish hours south, gorgeous, and has lots of nice backwoods camping. A couple times a year I back up a tent and walk off into the woods down there for a couple of days.
I've spent so many hours at Garden of the Gods. So pretty. If you havent been to Makanda, yet. I highly suggest checking that out too
When you imagine sucking Trump's dick, where do you let him nut?
Are you a guy? I don't ask this to be a dick or anything. But I used to believe like you, then I was single again after the first time in 5 years. I assure you that not only does this exists but it is actually quite common in the dating scene at least.
It isn't just being poor; perhaps that makes it more common but in my experience that doesn't make a lot of a difference.
I'm sure part of it is female rolemodels, but in my opinion (also, just an educated guess. I'm in IT not psychology) is that some people are just entitled. Maybe that's the way their brain is wired. Doesn't matter their gender or income level. Some people for whatever reason feel that they need to get more out of a relationship or social interaction than someone else.
Oh I in no way believe it is specific to women. For every woman I've met like this, I've also met men that expect their GFs to just do the laundry exclusively, as well as the cooking. And still have energy to fuck like bunnies. Like I said, people in general are just feel entitled. Just as women shouldn't be dating to find a breathing ATM, men shouldn't be dating to find an adult babysitter to have sex with.
&gt; Sounds like a little bitch I'd love to see you square up with him, actually.
Do the games you develop pretty regularly meet their deadlines?
I, too, think that all jobs are the same and can be judged as such.
Poor incel got triggered over here
You just stroke out over there, bud?
Spoilers: they weren't
My thoughts go out to you and yours:( what a pretty baby!
The Stanley Cup disagrees with you!
&gt; I believe in proper nutrition to make the immune system strong. That's just... medically not a thing... what sort of nutrition would it take to prevent smallpox, pray tell?
Because instead of thinking "I dont want to literally rape someone" you thought "I dont want to get arrested for raping someone" Do you see the problem here? It's pretty simple.
... what question did you ask me?
&gt; So the user should move away because he’s aware that our city has some deep seated issues with systematic racism and inequality? What logic is that? How about live in the city and advocate for it to be better while also debunking some of the ignorance within? Hmm. And I hope he does do that along with the rest of the users on this sub. It just gets old, man. He has never said a good fucking thing about this city. It could be the most harmless, feel good post in the world and he'd still bring up unrelated bad shit like the feline AIDs epidemic and how the Mississippi River called his mom fat and the Arch stole his lunch money one time. It's called being a Debbie Downer, and if he (or you) think that it helps; it doesn't. Desensitization to negative news is a thing. At the very least, it's annoying and at the very worst it makes people tune out the (very real) issues you bring up because they don't want to fucking hear it 24 fucking 7.
I will certainly do that when you point out where I made the assertion that it did. Please and thanks. He made a joke about StL being a flyover city and I made a joke about how the Stanley Cup didn't think so as it chose to live here. Not everything has to be doom and gloom. You're aware that it's ok to be proud about some aspects of your city while acknowledging others need improvement, yes?
Could be and should be are two vastly different things
I dunno, man the situation sounds pretty fucking shady to me. He was sober enough to think "I could get arrested" but not sober enough to think "maybe she cant consent right now"
Maybe you shouldnt pick one for your son, and just let the damn kid pick for himself. Dont make him miss out on doing what he wants just cause you're trying to live out your childhood a second time smh I hope you grow up a tad before the condom rips, my man.
Missed the point of my joke comment. Stop taking things on the internet so seriously and let your blood pressure drop.
I can if you ask me like you're not a sarcastic condescending asshole, otherwise you can go find someone else to bug.
Go back to sleep
what evidence do you have to back up your claim?
You do realize that literally everything you just mentioned was already trending that direction, correct? Like if you were to look at those things on a line graph over time, there would be no spike when Trump got elected. The best (factual) credit you could give to Trump is that he didn't fuck up the path that those two statistics were already on. You do know this, right?
You never have more power or influence than your boss. At the end of the day, they are the ones that decide your raises, your hours, and whether you keep your job. They do the same for your coworkers and no matter how much your coworkers look up to you, they will always remember who hands them that paycheck.
Sometimes fate is really intent on royally fucking you in the ass.
Oh hey
I assure you that your anecdotal evidence does not ring true in every scenario, and is probably untrue more often than not. Convincing people that it is will get someone fired. Less than 1% of workers are truly irreplaceable; you could have nuts the size of medicine balls but you can still get your ass canned. That's just a fact.
I have no idea if it is open to non-residents, but I know that Newtown over near St. Charles does these exact sort of events by their little City Hall
I mean I saw them sacrificing a goat and drinking Flavor-Aid, but nothing really to suggest anything nefarious was happening.
Take them to Three Sixty rooftop bar if you're in the downtown area. Cross over to the East Side and take advantage of $6 beejs at Bottom's Up
Seriously. I'd take a bullet for a BLT and a malt from that place.
Never been to that one actually. Are the prices any less astronomical?
No advice on this front; just wanted to say congrats!
Hey don't get mad at me because grammar is a thing, pal.
Sort of, but also making foreign policy decisions for the sole purpose of advancing your own personal interests is considered abuse of power. Or at the very least conflict of interests. Think of it like this, most jobs in the United States are considered at will- you can be let go without explanation, right? However, there are numerous caveats to this and wrongful termination suits are still a thing.
Ehhh depends on the issue I think
I don't know about you guys, but I'm starting to think this Trump fella may not be on the up-and-up.
Trump literally committed a campaign violation before being elected. He has committed more impeachable offenses than he had failed businesses (which is a lot) and this is one of them.
Haha you're quite welcome. At least I've gotten one productive thing done today, then.
Depends, do you want to handle it like an adult or do you want to handle it like I would?
Step one for both options: make sure that you know for sure who is doing it (doorbell cam, maybe?) Step two (like an adult): go to that person and ask them to not let their dog shit in your yard unless they are going to pick it up. Step two (my way): buy a box of rubber gloves and make sure every pile that ends up in your yard finds it's way to their welcome mat. Every single day.
and a tip of the fedora to you as well, m'good gentlesir.
Why? OP would just be returning lost property!
I hope whatever cheap hooker this utter waste of skin hires next gives him the worst case of the clap known to medical science.
What is relevant is that most folks who commit literal murder don't get 60 years. Did the headline leave something out? Yes. Is this sentence fucking draconian beyond all defense? Also yes.
The majority of redditors support Bernie? I'm not sure why that makes you angry.
This post wasn't nearly as sexy as I envisioned once I read it.
We need people to change their minds. It doesn't matter how it happens; quit demonizing folks that decide to do the right thing.
Something tells me that's confirmation bias.
Thank the lord Trump didn't get that lil mushroom he's packing sucked.
He's already lost the first election by 3 million votes and that's before he started fucking things up
&gt; Trump’s done nothing wrong can we be earnest here? Do you really believe that? &gt; he’s popular That's literally and demonstrably false &gt; policies are successful By what metric do you think this is true?
Hard to pretend it was a totally selfless act when that money was also spent in an attempt to make him the most powerful person in the world lol.
The requirement for a fair and impartial trial? The precedent that as long as a president believes that their election is in the "best interest" of the public then anything that they do in unimpeachable?
Well, I believe that he may see it that way. The truth is probably somewhere in between.
"Impartial" *is* legislated and *is* enforced every day that there is a court case in literally every courtroom across the country so miss me with that pseudo-intellectual bullshit lmao
*citation needed*
How do you figure that?
We won the war against COVID the same way we won the war in Vietnam.. by deciding it was too expensive, pretending it was over, and without any help from Donald Trump
I don't like seeing small businesses harmed any more than anyone else; again, I'm not saying I condone it. I just understand it. I also wouldn't say that it counter productive. Do you know when the Fair Housing Act and the Civil Rights Bill passed? It wasn't after MLK's famed speech nor was it after his peaceful marches. It was after the six days of riots sparked by his death.
Damn, since when did trying to exercise my Constitutional fucking Rights make me a shithead? Also, you're one anecdotal (and probably false) story doesn't do shit when you put it up next the very well documented trend of police brutality and discrimination in this country. I'm not even sure what point you were trying to make when you posted this.
Truly a man's man right here
Let me start off by saying that I wish these protesters would be more responsible and be socially distance. I don't really see too much hypocrisy about what you pointed out, though. There's a difference between wanting to go out in public to protest the systematic racism that has plagued our country since it's inception and wanting to go out in public because you can't go two damn months without getting your nails done or getting hot wings and beer.
I think the proper term would be "Crime Against Humanity" although you don't technically have to be in a time of war to commit a war crime. The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor was/is considered a war crime and war was not declared, obviously, until after the attack had taken place. You were trying to use semantics to be snarky yet turned out to be *literally* incorrect anyways. Pretty impressive.
*sigh* 1. Fox News viewers in general already think none of the protesters are peaceful already. 2. Now they click on the link and say "Oh, that protester had someone in a chokehold. Just like I thought, all of these protesters are criminals"
It's a war crime if it is an attack on civilians on a neutral state. Unless your argument is that America is at war with itself/its own citizenry then the same rules apply. I agree that Crime Against Humanity would be the better phrase for it though
&gt; So asking her to get out of the car and her refusing is the cops fault in all of this? Without probably cause to ask her to get out of the vehicle it sort of sounds like she was just legally exercising her constitutional rights. You're allowed to refuse a search of your vehicle.
I wasn't saying that they were lol. My local Fox affiliate is my preferred local news station. The person said: &gt; If Fox was evil and racist and was trying to push a agenda why would they make it seem like the aggressor was a peaceful "protester" like in the headline So I was going off of his hypothetical scenario and explaining why his logic was incorrect. Blurring the line between "Rioter" and "Protester" is exactly what the actual Fox News would want.
So, just to confirm, you're saying that by excising your constitutional rights you are indeed being a shithead? Why do you hate freedom so much?
The Fair Housing and Civil Rights Acts weren't passed after he gave his famous speeches or after he went on his peaceful demonstrations.. they were only passed after 6 days of national rioting
If only just *one* of those cops had their body cams on to back up that claim
Who is "they"? The Illuminati or the Reptilians?
It's kinda fucking hilarious that it's the fucking White House and they still thought "Turn off the lights! Maybe they'll think no one is home!" would work
I think, at the end of the day, you really just are determined not to like these protesters. Which is fine; that's your opinion that I strongly disagree with. Just remember years from now when this country is a better place (no thanks to you, more than likely) that you were ok with living in a world where you weren't allowed to exercise your rights and the people who were employed to uphold the law were instead allowed to stomp it into the dirt.
&gt; I mean almost everyone was against athletes kneeling lol funny how opinions change ... what?! lol that's just clearly false. Is that why Kaep became Nike's spokesperson and then their sales went through the roof? Fucking ignorant.
Did I stutter? Is what I said incorrect? Only folks complaining about people kneeling were Republicans.
He's speaking reasonably. Are you denying violent protest brings change? Or are you denying that violence begets violence? Those are the only two statements he claimed and both are true. I say this as a person with friends and family downtown in the protests; both wearing blue AND as protesters. I've a very vested interest in their being zero violence whatsoever but I can't find anything factually incorrect about what the person said.
&gt; This is an insensitive comment. No it was a fucking ignorant comment. &gt; You can't state a fact after starting with "it seems to me". It seems to me that you're a redditor. See, what I said is factually correct yet I worded in that way that you don't like. Doesn't make it incorrect. You're arguing semantics, which is sort of a last ditch effort. Of course violence begets violence. If you really need me to look up studies proving that, I surely can but I was hoping that we all had at least one iota of common sense.
So what you're saying is that you're not in favor of law and order. Got it, thanks.
For the record, though, you admit that black people and white people are NOT treated the same by police, right?
Goddamn you vote for Trump because you think he's a tough guy and then you (like him) have the biggest fucking victim complexes lol
For only being a few bad apples there sure are a lot getting caught on camera
Something tells me this guy probably wasn't trying to help
You know, I'd prefer to be a Dem in the seat.. but at least seeing that Republican voters finally vote out a blatant and unapologetic racist is some sort of hope for the country.
I almost was going to a joke about you tipping your fedora in my first comment, but decided not to. Then you had to go full on fedora tip by (inaccurately) quoting one of my favorite shows and trying to pass it off as your own. You're right, man. At the end of the day the important thing here is that you found a way to make yourself feel more important than other people lol. Have a good night, Taxman.
Do we know he has the same beliefs or are we just assuming?
Do we know this guy has a history of racism?
I'm not saying anyone voted for him *because* he was racist; I'm saying they used to vote for him *despite* knowing he was a racist.. which is still pretty sickening.
When you say things like &gt; then they can go ahead and fear their god it gives the impression that you find yourself to superior to Christian or religious folks. You think of an entire people as "less than" you based on their beliefs. Sure, have a problem with the religions that use said religion to hurt or subjugate others- I have a problem with that too. But people that happen to believe in God and are good people and productive members of society? Being so antagonistic and condescending towards them just makes you look like kinda a douche. That is all what the fedora thing means; you're not enlightened or more intelligent just because you're a militant atheist.
Source?
Do you think all of them believe that? Are you taking the worst examples you've noticed from a group of people and applying your opinions about them to the entire group? Because I'm pretty sure you'd consider that wrong if you did it do nationalities, races, sexual orientations, and actually pretty much any other group of people, no?
I'm not asking you to be devout yourself. I'm asking you to accept the fact that not everyone has selfish motivations behind their religion. You can simultaneously be a Christian AND be a good person just because you want to help your fellow humans
lmao how can his supporters believe this shit still? Like I really just don't understand it
Which of those presidents asked for military, tanks, and total domination of protesters again?
and I'm assuming the president then publicly asked for them to harm civilians?
You sound like an edgy teenager that adopted the ethos of The Joker from The Dark Knight because you were too lazy to come up with one on your own. Nothing that you said has any basis in reality, but it probably sounds cool to a class of incoming college freshman smoking weed for the first time.
So he doesn't live there?
&gt; See, we told you voter fraud was a thing! - Trump supporters
Goddamn every thread I see you in you sound like a sentient fedora that learned how to type lol. I hope when you get out of high school you look back on these comments in embarrassment
Just pictured rocking these akimbo and it was a beautiful mental image
&gt; We're going down a slippery slope when we hold up Antifa as the hill to die on. Except.. there's literally no evidence Antifa (which is a mindset, not an organization so really you already don't make sense) had anything to do with escalating anything. Accusing dissenters of being terrorists with zero evidence IS a hill to die on because it's fascist as fuck.
With that kind of grammar I'd be frankly surprised if you could even *find* CNN on the TV.
Except they don't seem to be doing that either. Let's face it, this whole "Thin Blue Line" mindset is fucking killing America. Cops are the fucking problem until they leave that shit behind.
It's the "Us vs Them" mentality that police have where- in their mind- they are what holds society together and therefore they are a brotherhood that sticks together no matter what. Semirelated to the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_wall_of_silence
I mean my gramps was one and I've read the wikipedia article, that's about the extent of my knowledge.
We have, in the past 6 days, had over 100 instances of police attacking journalists during demonstrations. That is misconduct. And a quick google search is not yielding any results about their fellow police reporting them. We know that the Blue Wall of Silence is a thing, man.
Once again. Never once have I asked you to respect the Bible. Hell, I don't really either. Just asking you to treat other humans with the respect that *they* deserve whether no matter what they worship. Jesus fucking Christ is that too much to ask?
Well then they aren't good cops, plain as that
The ones around here don't do spaghetti night:(
What?
See? It's that condescending fucking attitude that just rubs me the wrong fucking way.
No, your life is clearly about finding ways to make sure you feel superior to those around you for meaningless reasons. I don't know what sort of self esteem issues that you have that made you turn out this way, but I'm sorry that they happened to you. Have a good one.
Didn't downvote you, ya goober lol. You're clearly just saying such dumb shit that other people disagree with you too.
Tbf I like fish fries more than sketti so I'm not too mad
That's not what it should be about it should be a no fucking brainer that all of these asshats should be in prison. It shouldn't have required a week of protests to get them all in custody and it's pretty sickening that it did.
They aren't getting the same charges. Pretty sure they are getting the ones that are appropriate.
&gt; FYI only 10 unarmed African Americans were killed in 2019 by cops. I can't imagine thinking that this sentence is an OK thing to say
Nah just your sister
not a single thing that you just negates the fact that black people so not get a fair shake in any portion of our *Justice* system. In many ways they are treated as second class citizens and that needs to change. We can't make bees not be assholes, but we can make the Justice system fair if enough people give a fuck.
The important thing here is that you found a way to feel superior to both of us
I don't have a book suggestion, but I do want to say that the fact that you admit that you grew up sheltered and are taking the responsibility upon yourself to learn everything that you can to prepare is already boding quite well for your future. When I was at your stage in my life I thought I had all of this shit figured out already on my own. Good on you and good luck!
Am a hunter and a gun nut. Am also liberal as fuck. Those groups aren't mutually exclusive
If it's still a struggle then you're still a piece of shit
Found the Rockstar employee
&gt; Looks like I hurt some feelings. You give yourself *far* too much credit lol
you think, without any evidence whatsoever, this man was in a crowd of people, in a wheelchair, and apparently in the front (which he would have had to be for a bullet to hit him), and then that everyone in said crowd dispersed without bringing him with them or offering aid? Your story sounds just as- if not more unlikely- than the one the picture suggests.
Respectfully agree to disagree.
Awwww man your life is so hard
I hope, at least, 10 or 15 years from now when the world is a better place that you have the perspective to look back at yourself and feel ashamed
I can only imagine how hard your mother cried the day you slithered your way back out of the abortion bucket.
I can't actually think of the last "morally right" thing that Trump has done.
*And we're going to make the protesters pay for it!!*
Did you just make up an entire fictional argument in your head, where you get to choose what both participants say, and then convince yourself that it proves your point? lmfao
Do you have uhhh any examples whatsoever to back that up? edit: also that was a pretty obvious way to dodge the answer that you knew was coming- that the GOP is overwhelmingly white men lol.
And how do you quantify that?
What sort of things interest you? Like what are some of your favorite movies or subjects in school?
&gt; virtue signaling What does this mean? What constitutes virtue signalling? Is everyone that is trying to do something positive virtue signalling? Or just when you disagree with it. I find it telling that you use that word because it is an unconscious admission that the end goal of these people that you continue to insult is in fact virtuous.
Should have said *more* silly I guess
I think that's the best part. They spent so long insulting her and she just lets it roll off because it's not worth her time. It gets their jimmies all kinds of rustled.
We could just Scientology their asses
Doesn't really check out. Trump is the current president and literally the weakest person I can think of in existence.
Honestly you probably are a little bit, yeah.
Yeah I don't believe in Christianity but that's still a pretty incorrect interpretation of it
Correct! And they went out of their way to find reasons to dislike her
In pretty much every fashion. Let's start off with the obvious one- physically. He's obese and in terrible shape- a mile jog would likely result in a heart attack. Weak as a leader. He cannot unite the country, he cannot get legislation that he wants passed, he cannot get foreign leaders to give in to any of his demands... despite being the leader of the strongest country in the world. Mexico still hasn't paid for that wall. In fact, the wall doesn't even exist. Because he is weak. Weak mentally.. I don't think I need to point out examples, but I would *love* to if you require them. The guy is just a fucking moron. Weak emotionally. He clearly has self-esteem issues. Nearly every other public figure knows that they are bound to receive criticism or insults.. but Trump just can't stand it. Took him a damn year to get over the small hands comment which no one really gives a fuck about except for the fact that it pissed him off. He had police gas a bunch of innocent peaceful protesters just to prove what a big man he was when the news broke he hid in a bunker all weekend. Which he denied. In fact, he could have just said the truth- it's Secret Service policy! We all know that's true. But NO. He was in there for just a second for an "inspection" as if his dumb ass knows a fucking thing about bunkers anyway, unless you count Epsteins weird sex bunkers.
I am too. But I'm a bigger opponent of racial oppression.
I'd love for you to find me a protest in history that achieved it's goal that was not disruptive in some manner.
If you were to read beyond the headline they actually do tell you which party that he registered for. Methinks you won't like the answer
&gt; It’s a felony to assault a police officer There's the word I was looking for. So we both agree that it's assault.
&gt; Cops should be people we hire to enforce our laws. They have to 'push' people all the time because WE ask them to do things that require it. The idea that cops shouldn't be allowed to push someone because we're not allowed to push them makes no sense. I believe that they should be allowed to push people to enforce laws. Considering that the old fella was legally and peacefully protesting, I'm wondering what the reasoning was for the assault. We both agree that police should be allowed to use force. The difference between us is that *I* believe they should only do it to enforce laws and *you* believe they should be able to do it whenever they want. Is that correct?
No no, I'm not mistaken. &gt; A search of Chauvin’s voter status in Florida shows he registered to vote Republican in Orange County at his Windermere-area address in January 2016. His registration is active. Election records show he voted in the 2016 and 2018 general elections.
I'm pretty sure that this statement was done in lieu of any sort of monetary support lol
So a police officer, by your definition, cannot commit assault correct? What do you think the "response" was that this particular cop was acting upon? Someone committing no crimes and speaking with him? Standing on a sidewalk that his taxes paid for? Exercising his first amendment right? Should a police officer be allowed to use force on someone that is committing no crime?
"You clearly didn't fear your oppressors enough, citizen. When discharged from the hospital please report to the nearest reeducation facility"
In what way?
Seemed fairly relevant to me, honestly
All of these are stories of younger generations overcoming oppression and taking on challenges that were inherited from older generations. Fighting for the rights they believe in and the things that they know are important.
.... What?
Has anyone been having problems with the game just randomly closing the last couple of days?
Nazis are a part of history too. Think we should fly their flags?
How is it bullshit?
it's sort of sad that this even needs ordered. "You can't hurt people that are breaking no laws" seems like it should be common fucking sense
agree to disagree. Depending on their intended audience it could probably be pretty impactful
Someone's going straight to the Gulag for forgetting to program in the punctuation
The Black Company by Glen Cook!
If were seniors in high school.. Blood Meridian by McCarthy
Do you have any sort of evidence to back that up? Poll numbers look like he's the strongest challenger in an incumbent in a while
There's certain to still be trash in the White House come morning
Pretty accurate. The ending results were in the margin of error. Y'all keep acting like they were wrong or something lol
I bet he felt so fuckin' tough. Probably bragged to all of his friends what a hardass he was
&gt; The man, by approaching the police, was disobeying officers orders. They could have just arrested him for that alone That's utter horseshit and if you truly believe it you need to read up on the Constitution
There's no way in hell he's running. He'll be 78. Whether or not you think he has ulterior motives, I don't believe that motive is a presidential run.
Cops don't need any help on that front
Yup. Definitely two of the ones I've finished in literally one sitting a piece and then got mad that I didn't have them to read any more
Devil in a Blue Dress by Walter Mosley. Really the rest of the Easy Rawlins series is good too. Bonus points for being about a black private investigator set in the pre-Civil Rights Era so it's a little extra poignant with the current events happening in the US.
Mental health service while incarcerated as well as career/general life skills training. The two main underlying causes of crime are mental illness and poverty, so maybe of throwing people in a hell hole and forgetting about them until they are released is making matters worse. And when I say maybe I mean definitely, because there is data to back this up. Equally important would be to stop treating incarnation as a revenue stream like we currently do, as that just creates an incentive to keep as many people locked up as possible. I think your initial stance is very problematic because you compared our system with the systems from countries that are very clearly not doing it right. Instead of "well at least we aren't being whipped and beheaded!" maybe you should look at the flip side of the coin- all of the countries that do this much *much* better than us and attempt to emulate their results. Just my two cents.
Most of Europe, really. Norway in particular is the shining example.
No I do not. The have a significantly lower crime rate than the US and the lowest recidivism rate in the world. On what metric would you say that their system is a failure? The fact that they haven't eliminated crime altogether?
&gt; They let a radical arsonist and murderer out on leave and he ran away. When found he had weapons, bombs, guidance equipment, and the family he kidnapped. What did their system do in response? Treated him with kid gloves and he was released shortly later and left the country. There was no rehabilitation. Most criminals can’t be rehabilitated. There is no evidence of successful rehabilitation. It seems like you are set on arguing in bad faith, so I don't think there is a point in continuing this discussion. If you're past your freshman year of high school, you should understand that one example size of millions of people does not negate the rest of the results. There is evidence of rehabilitation. Criminolgists disagree with you. Staticians disagree with you. Psychologists disagree with you. Almost anyone in the scientific field will disagree with you.
Do you think that purposely playing ignorant makes your point? Do you think that we'll all suddenly come to the conclusion that since other countries also had slaves that we'll all suddenly decide America doesn't have a racism problem? Are you one of those people that says America is the best thing ever and then continues to cite atrocities from other countries thus setting the bar lower? Look at this dude's post history; he's a goober to the max and is not asking in good faith.
This fuck is just a troll. Your comments are what he wants; just downvote and ignore him like the worthless shit he is
2021 whitewalls making a comeback for safety's sake
What a load of horseshit.
r/selfawarewolves lmao "why is everyone else wrong and I'm the only one that's right?!"
Yes, always completely disregard your core beliefs for money. Hope you teach your kids that lesson as well.
&gt; Like taking a fringe sample and applying it to the whole is bad science. Except thats completely different and I think you're smart enough to know that. These KKK members are electing someone to run the country in the way that they would like it. Conservatives are electing people to run the country in the way that they would like it. We agree on that much at least, right? The basic idea of elections? Now, it just so happens that for both of the above mentioned groups that these are the same candidates and I think that is troubling. And since you apparently don't believe me, you do know the KKKs official newspaper literally endorsed Trump right? Along with David Duke? And the fact that they (until recently, thank god) continued to elect openly racist congressman Steve King isn't a look either. Again, I'm not calling you racist, I don't think that you are. I don't think the vast majority of conservatives are racist. But, white supremacists favor the republican platform. They've literally admitted it lol. I dont mean to be a dick about it but it's just the truth.
The way Trump is driving America into the ground, I don't think they'll have much choice
While in general I agree with this and am the first person to talk shit on huge corporations. However, not true for all of them I don't think. Look at Ben &amp; Jerry's statement they released. Can you read that and tell me that the founders don't wholeheartedly believe what they wrote?
Hey don't forget to answer me. I'm a stupid twat remember? When will all of these business go under?
Lmao sure, bud, sure.
... you mean like the majority of football fans didn't like Colin Kaepernick kneeling during the anthem so Nike hired him as their spokesman?
Not the person that you replied to, but that seems to be a situation by situation basis. Just surrounded by people holding signs? No. People trying to break your windows? Different story
How dare they exercise the first ammendment
"Greetings citizen! It appears that you do not properly fear your oppressors. Please report to reeducation camps upon your discharge from the hospital. And remember: vote Republican!"
Anyone can get lung cancer for no reason but I bet you wouldn't argue that smoking isn't bad for you, right?
Go to Bass Pro and get some predator scent. They should sell like coyote or bobcat piss. I'd try that.. but then you're smelling piss instead of getting divebombed
Depends. You a cop?
It has always been a thing, why do you ask? Trump didn't order them removed, either.
When do you typically head to MM? 20ish?
When you say close it in, do you mean with windows? Unfortunately, I think you could double or triple your budget and just barely cover closing it in depending on the exact dimensions
I feel like a certain group of folks on reddit have been *really* bothered by destruction of property lately. I wonder why they are so quiet in this thread.
Weird. I remember being assured that he had learned his lesson
But like.. a 30% chance isn't bad? That doesn't seem inaccurate to me. If I told you "hey press this button and there's a 70% chance you get a puppy and a 30% chance you'll have incurable hemorrhoids for the rest of your life." you'd probably not press the button because 30% isn't a negligible chance.
... I'm not entirely sure what (if any) point you were going for here. But I am sure that you royally goobered it up.
You take reddit a lil too seriously. Go ride a bike or something
Actually Jesus literally says in the New Testament that the rules from the Old Testament (where the passage you quoted is from) no longer apply because he is the start of God's new covenant with man. So really your point is slightly invalid. At least that's my interpretation- admittedly I'm not Christian I just find the Bible fascinating so I may have it wrong.
hrmm. The weird thing is that you could comb my post history and not find a single instance of me endorsing this. So like... wrong again.
But see like.. you said that I endorsed this. Why would you say that if it weren't true?
So your argument is that nurses don't serve or protect anyone? Jesus fucking christ. That so fucking stupid. Considering the court has literally ruled that the police are not obligated to protect or serve *anyone*, merely obligated to uphold laws. In fact, when you look at the requirements that you are held to as a nurse or medical professional.. it seems like they actually do more protecting and serving than your average cop.
Let's see. On any given day they could be responsible for protecting any number of patients from any number of infectious diseases. They protect suicidal or depressed folks from harming themselves. When my friend went to the emergency room with injuries sustained from a shithead boyfriend, they protected her from him as well. In fact, I'm having a really hard time understanding how one could take a viewpoint that a nurse *doesn't* protect nearly every client they see in a day. The definition of protect reads as follows: &gt; keep safe from harm or injury Now *you* explain to *me* how that doesn't fit exactly what a nurse's job responsibility is.
ooooooh "I know you are but what am I?!" The most clever of retorts.
&gt; I'm not sure where the "Trump won't leave" notion comes from, but there's absolutely no basis for it. I see that you haven't paid attention to anything that he's said (or that he's tiny little hands have tweeted) for the past 3 years or so.
Well I'm sure that was completely unrelated, right?
Dumbass on internet take queues from their manchild demagogue and make baseless unsubstantiated claims.
One I have a lot of thoughts on that, and will relay them as soon as you answer my initial question so that we don't get sidetracked. Could you please answer why you believe that it is a setup?
Sort of sounds like a you problem though. I've never seen it and I'm glad he posted it...
&gt; The fact that one person would miss out on this cartoon seems like your problem. No? Not really. Seems to be working just fine. &gt; The fact that one person would miss out on this cartoon seems like your problem. Seems silly to assume I'm the only person who has never seen it when OP hadn't either. But I'm sure we are the only two people on reddit, you're right. I don't even know why I care this much. However much reposts bother you, *bitching* about reposts bother me just that much.
Yes, you are arguing like a grade schooler, I caught that lol. Have a good one, bud.. don't let the reposts get ya!
If that's the truth that's a pretty fucking shitty system and one of the things that needs changed. Seem pretty reasonable to know if you murdered someone that it's safe to list that there were injuries from the get-go
I'm assuming that you're against the idea of armed citizens being able to defend themselves in their own home, then?
For the record, you're saying that you don't think vaccines are important?
But if someone breaks into your home you should *not* shoot at them, correct?
uhhh you ok bud?
Look what up?
Kinda fucked up it isn't considered forced entrance when you use a battering ram. For the record, I'm not saying that they *filled it out* incorrectly. I'm saying the fact that this the *correct* way to fill it out is utterly fucked up.
Gotcha! Thanks for the info. Since I got you here... What is your take on the Breonna Taylor case in general? I've got heard a police officers take on it yet; my couple of friends on the force prefer not to give an opinion.
Well then you would, in fact, be an idiot.
Can you just repeat that part where no crime was being committed? Thanks
So your stance on the issue is that if you are suspected (not charged or convicted) of a crime then you have no rights to self defense within your own home, correct?
How does one get around the paywall?
Really? This quote makes me laugh so hard on every reread.
Hey can you send me that message too?! I so want that one
But if it is a no-knock raid and the police haven't announced themselves?
How is it you grasp how to use emojis but not commas? Shit is baffling. I do have a logical argument. A man that was committing no crime had someone bust down his door and tried to defend himself, a right that is entrenched in the Second Amendment that you claim to support. You seem to be in favor of "rights for me but not for thee", a stance that I find despicable. I'm not your brother, nor would I ever want to be.
I dont really get the hate either way. It's a console not a decoration. Me finding it to look sleek is just an added bonus
&gt; I just feel like your point requires accepting the assumption that a police officers are better people than your average citizen. Except that it does not; that is flawed logic. Every single person in the workforce is held to certain higher standards when they are on the clock. &gt; It feels like we are simultaneously expecting them to be in a higher position, morally, while also denigrating them as being unskilled enough to find a better profession. Again, I don't see it that way. Sure, I'd *like* for them to be moral but at the end of the day, that doesn't really matter. They just need to not let being an asshole affect their job. I don't let my personal opinion or distaste for coworkers or clients influence my interactions with them... and my job doesn't involve the *legal authority to end a life if need be*. &gt; If we want to hold them to a higher standard, then they should be held to a higher standard at entry. This seems to be the first thing that we agree on. There should be higher standards, but unfortunately we have well documented cases of applicants being too intelligent to be hired on as a cop. Literally passed over for the job.
I literally stated that *all* of us, if we want to not be fired, are expected to not be shitty while we are working. I don't think it is unreasonable to expect for a person whose job could entail the use of lethal force to be held to a slightly higher code of conduct than an average person. Do you disagree?
&gt; I think people, cop or protestor, who break the law belong in jail. And nothing that I said should indicated that I believe the opposite, because I strongly believe that too. But do you think for a moment that a police officer and a protester have the same odds of going to jail? That's literally the crux of this argument.
&gt; I do. Because they're just people. It's not like someone waves a magic wand and turns them into a bastion of morality and good judgement. So you believe that a doctor and a burger cook should be held to the same moral and professional standards? &gt;If one bad cop spoils the department, one looter spoils the protest. If the other cops, since they're supposed to have a "higher code of conduct" are supposed to act, I would say that the "protestors" also should be responsible for acting since they claim to be of a higher conduct. We will just have to agree to disagree there. The police force is an *institution* with leaders, rules, regulations, and an actual ability to uphold the law. They are *actively not doing what we the people pay them to do* when they cover for or fail to report bad cops.
&gt; I understand. But dude. I'd argue cooks get fired more often and for less, considering cooks are considered disposable labor by restaurants. Uhhh yup. That's exactly my fucking point. You're more likely to be fired for overcooking a Big Mac patty than for abusing your authority as a police officer. That is a problem because one of those hurts society far more than the other one does. &gt;I'd also argue, even with the violence of the last few weeks police get fired too often for false claims. If that is your argument then I would like for you to back it up with examples of officers being fired over false claims. &gt; We've been told there's an epidemic of violence that just isn't there. If it was as bad as people say, the death toll would be in the 10s of thousands a year. Instead of less than 300 unjust deaths. It isn't the number that matters, it is that it happens, cops by and large get away with it, and we as a country seem to just accept that. If we selected 5 toddlers at random every year and bludgeoned them to death, would you say "I don't see what the big deal is, it's *only* 5 people a year!" or would you say "Why the fuck are we ok with beating toddlers to death in the first place?" I believe the numbers are more damning than you think in the first place, because since police investigate themselves (something else that we need to end) we only hear about instances that are caught on video. But, in the end, the number is irrelevant because it is the fact that these *blatantly corrupt officers* are defended in the first place.
Didn't he want to exclude gays from it? Pretty sure nothing will prove that point as valid because it's just vile Edit: was wrong. That's evangelicals
edited my comment to admit I was wrong; it's a couple of large evangelical groups that are pushing for their exclusion
So we should stick these border patrol guys in cages and separate them from their families for a year is what you're saying?
I've never worked for a union- but I do understand that it's their job to protect their members to a degree. The difference is, though, that the police union is the only one with members that are authorized to use deadly force.
*We* the people *pay* the police to uphold laws. The entire purpose of their existence is to uphold laws. Now, of course people shouldn't be looting and shit like that, but police are given a great deal of power and authority in this country and with power comes responsibility. A responsibility that they are failing *hard* at. This is from the DOJ: &gt; a whopping 84 percent of police officers report that they’ve seen colleagues use excessive force on civilians, and 61 percent admit they don’t always report “even serious criminal violations that involve abuse of authority by fellow officers.” Do you know what happens to you or I when we cover up "serious criminal violations"? We get charged as accomplices. I keep getting told over an over again that "we can't hold police to a higher standard to a normal citizen... they are still just people after all!" and I think that's fucking horseshit. If I give someone a gun and permission to deny Americans of their freedoms and lives at the discretion of their own best judgement then I think it's pretty goddamn fair that I should hold them to a higher standard to some burger flipping Joe Schmo. But for the sake of argument, let's take it your way. They are just people and should be held to the same standard as others. That still means that 61% of cops would be charged with accessory to a crime if they were a member of *any other profession in America*. That's why people are pissed and rioting, man. I'm friends with lots of cops. I come from a long line of cops and most of them as individuals are amazing people but as an institution they are fucking rotten. They have power over us. We have no recourse; no way of ever holding them accountable for their crimes in the paradigm that we are in right now. It quite literally is the largest gang in America, the government has the numbers and knows this, and just no one gives a fuck. I really do not condone rioting, but like MLK, I sure as fuck understand it.
I don't want my tax dollars paying for Trump's heart medication because he's stuffing his fat fucking ass with Big Macs but we all make sacrifices in society.
Holy ignorant comment, batman
*Debbie Downer sound effect*
Not sure celebrity worship was the issue lol
Right but he also committed a lil bit of the ol' genocide. Pretty sure that's why his statue is problematic. To my knowledge, Brett has never been very genocide-y.
Range, plinking, and home defense would be the three use cases. Are there any common brands that I need to know to be completely avoided?
this entire comment sounds like it should be stickied on r/iamverysmart lol
I see that you weren't taught history any better than you were taught punctuation
he doesn't have a reason for jack shit
You are literally my hero. That's it!
I go with "Aye, girl. Let me get dat butt." 7% of the time it works every time
I agree. I find it oddly fascinating, though. Like something you'd read about in a murder novel set in the '20s or something
&gt; The company decided to make the change, and I don't know why anyone would have a problem with it. Oh, but someone is sure to have a problem with it anyways
I can't fathom how sad my life would be if I was as upset about maple fucking syrup as you seemingly are lol
&gt; But the victim can't be a person, because that would lead to confrontation with the Iron Law and we never read anything about a second trial or hiding from the constable. I mean, we know he kills a king at some point which would certainly bring the Law down on him. I sort of always assumed that everyone just watched Kvothe blast some asshole into oblivion and collectively decided they really didn't feel like attempting to make an arrest.
I'm confused why this would make anyone angry. They are doing what they think will do best for their bottom line; the idea of a free market is a conservative value.
The sad thing is I very much expect a very insensitive tweet or comment from the President about this
As expensive as their shit is they should be able to afford it lol
It is extremely well documented that you're just wrong on this one lol
too coherent
I've been doing the whole "one vegetarian day a week" thing to try to do my part, but I could never go wholly plant-based either. I also do a fair amount of hunting when I can and replace beef with venison in as many dishes as I can
Definitely considering looking into it! And from a purely financial standpoint.. 40 or 50 pounds of (almost) free meat is pretty awesome
Sadly, I'm not big on ground turkey in most things. That's what I use the venison for instead. Hopefully I cancel out some of my impact by never really eating breakfast beyond a granola bar or two lol
The money doesn't bother me too much, really. I'll look into some of these!
This is a serious and honestly depressing situation yet still I giggled a bit picturing Rudy listening to NWA
&gt; Nothing stopping the cop from screwing with the store, touche. My point. And people wonder why we want police reform lol
&gt; No, it hurt them more than us Not saying you're wrong, I'm just not on economist. Are there numbers somewhere to back that up?
I'm going to downvote you also, but only cause I downvote everyone who cares about fake internet points enough to edit their post and complain about downvotes
Actually, no. Neither in the literal or figurative sense lol
You can just admit you don't like people with dark skin lol. We all know what you're saying so I don't see why you're beating around the bush
Means at the very least he did not follow protocol. Also means there is a very compelling legal argument for the prosecution. Idk man, where I come from it's hard to justify shooting a man in the back.
I've gotta give it to you straight here. On one hand, a whole bunch of legal experts are saying one thing. On the other hand, an anonymous person on the internet that doesn't know which version of "their" to use is saying another thing. You have to understand who is sounding more reputable at the moment.
Those Big Elwoods are delicious though. I'm from the East Side, I guess, so it's not a long jaunt for me
I Know a bunch of folks that have worked there. Most of the employees are chill but 100% believe ownership is racist
Apparently you've not heard of the term portmanteau, which is an accepted literary device. Unfortunately, I think certain folks would find a reason to criticize and dislike the holiday no matter what it was called.
&gt; instead of facing the argument. I did face the argument, you goober. I made fun of the typo to piss you off, which worked. My actual point was that there are a *lot* of people that are actually qualified and know what they are talking about because of years of experience in the field and education. Yet, because of your emotions, personal beliefs, and political affiliations you continue to assert that they are incorrect.
&gt; Trump is a 74 yo memester. He tweets a bunch of memes and jokes, and a lot of people are oblivious to that fact. Trump couldn't even spell meme, so I highly doubt he understands the concept of one. Are you honestly arguing that he's never lied? All of his lies were just "jokes"?
not everything needs to always necessary to the plot. I mean i didn't need to spend the first 8 pages of the Hobbit reading a detailed description of how cozy a hobbit hole is... but that sort of description is exactly the reason I love Tolkein.
&gt; Black people are not treated like second class citizens though. There is so much data to refute that claim that I find it hard to believe that you are saying this in good faith.
lol NPR is the shit
I dunno, their news just in the past two weeks has included stories critical of both Facebook and Amazon- two of their sponsors
Hey I know you got a lot of responses to this but I really would appreciate an answer to my questions.
Catch-22 was going to be my response had I not seen that you said it. Shit is so good and doesn't read like a "classic"
Pretty much just NPR and KDHX for me
Is your argument that not a single person during King Louis' time found him to be evil? Or is your argument that he didn't do things that should be considered evil? Like most people, he was right about some things and terrible about others. Him being a saint is either here nor there. I don't think he's necessarily a *good* person. He burned all Jewish literature that he could find and expanded the use of torture in the Inquisition.
The entire point of my entire argument was that "time" should not be a consideration for whether not someone should be celebrated. Gassing millions of people has always been and will always be evil. Just like ordering Jewish peasant's tongues pulled out with hot pincers has always and will always be evil. I'm not saying Louis' statue needs removed, in fact I'd be against it. But I do understand the argument.
&gt; The dude wasn't supposed to die, cops put their knees on people who are being arrested on a daily basis and they don't die. People drive drunk all the time. No one is supposed to die when they do.
I dont think this is misleading at all. If I have a house worth 100k then I am valued at 100k. It's an asset that belongs to you. If I only sell it for 85k then my value dropped by 15k. Just because he didn't lose paper money in no way means that this isn't a monetary loss.
No one is saying it's illegal. We're saying it's fucking ignorant and inappropriate.
I like how this story is about 2 people and they both acted completely differently, yet somehow we are all the same lol. Not to mention all of the people that donated. What sort of bullshittery are you on?
Depends. If police would stop walking off the job in support of those that are murderers, maybe they wouldn't be bad. On the flip side, I doubt that most black people would say your robber was justified. But hey if you like comparing apples to oranges then you have a pretty solid argument!
OK, you're right. The Department of Justice says that 61% of police "Have failed to report even serious criminal misconduct on the part of their coworkers" so technically only at least 61% of police are bad cops.
We gonna have a Christian one as well?
So you're saying there's no Christian hate groups or terrorism?
&gt; screaming no more cops I think there are a lot of people asking for less funding and very few saying no more cops. Now who is judging a group by the crazy minority of that group? &gt; had me cleaning my shotgun for the first time in like 7 years Well aint you a hardass? Conservative wet dream right there. &gt; On the flip, every time I’m pulled over I have to say “Sir, I’m about to reach into my glovebox for my insurance card.” and move slowly. Life sucks. For being so independent and small government, you seem pretty ok having to live in fear. "Life sucks" should never be the answer when there is a problem with society.
Pro tip: I have plenty
I do believe there is a difference between citizens calling out racists on facebook and a mayor reading personal information on an official government channel. But hey, that's just me
Looking back, that's still my favorite part of the series though. I'm 29 years old and still to this day, if I can't sleep, I'll think about how nice and cozy it was to spend the evening in Farmer Maggot's or Tom Bombadil's house.
I didn't see the user your replying to threatening any violence. What he said was harsh but not T_D level by any stretch
That's the biggest load of horseshit I've ever heard lol
Pshh hit up Waffle House
Ahhh now that morals are becoming fashionable and profitable they decide to take action. Good on you, Reddit. I guess.
..Did he have a stroke or something? He's doing something to protect people?
https://www.mediamatters.org/donald-trump/pro-trump-subreddit-full-calls-violence-support-oregon-republicans Scroll down for the screenshots calling for armed insurrection. I'll find more later if I'm bored
I mean Iraq definitely. But Afghanistan was the bastion of the Taliban that perpetrated 9/11. By 2001 I don't think there was good choice but to get rid of them/Al-queda
Seek the metal help that you obviously need, please.
Look, I get it. America bad. I live here and I'm not a big fan of it either the majority of the time. We should have never helped to arm and radicalize militants in the Middle East to begin with, I admit that. None of that means that two thousand innocent people deserved to die when those towers came down. Hate America and hate Americans all you want, but those people that died were just normal people like you and me going to work and doing their best to make it in this shit world.
&gt; this all could’ve been avoided Damn right. We should have razed the Confederacy and solidified in American history that racism had no place here. Instead they got the kid's gloves and we are still paying for it.
I also take my own personal anecdotal evidence as concrete fact.
&gt; Even if we aren't racist, and never have been, it seems we are still answerable for the crimes of our ancestors in some people's eyes. It is not our fault, and we bear no blame. Yet we are still the ones who bear the responsibility of fixing it. Why? Because no on can go back in time right? Either we take responsibility of fixing it now, or we just assume that the next generation will. And the pattern repeats ad naseum until someone decides that it's finally time. The time can be now.
Lol y'all make it sound like it's the Wild West out there.
I was thinking Unabrower.. because it could have been written by a caveman
Yes, but you presented it as a very simple problem. "New York dangerous. Big chance of getting shot!" *I* am the one that was pointing out that things are more nuanced than that and the data really doesn't back up the sentiment of what you were saying.
&gt; Dude it is a big problem if you live in new York? Are you dense? Murders and shootings are riding at shocking rates, and are expected to continue rising Alright bud, we've established that you're literally wrong based on statistics so now your appealing to emotions. Take a look at the 10 most dangerous cities in America due to firearm violence. Guess which one isn't on the list? Just guess, I'll wait. What city *is* on the list is the one I live in, St. Louis. Comes in around number 3 or 5 depending on how you measure the data. So, i live in a city that is probably more "Wild West" than the one you're referring to and it's *still* not the Wild West. I don't put on my Kevlar before my necktie and go to work every day. America is not as dangerous as they tell you. Should we get crime statistics down? Duh, absolutely. But quit fucking acting like we are all out here surviving shootouts once a week because you don't know what the everliving fuck you are talking about.
I mean sure if you completely ignore statics and facts, yeah
