Thanks for the reply. I fully understand what you've said, however if I phone for a taxi and agree a price, but then get sent a Hackney, can I ask for a metered ride?
A303 used to be nice.
Does it actually last longer than others? Do they put something in it?
Oh yeah, I remember the TV adverts now. I always thought it was a marketing thing. Does it actually work?
An emergency sewing kit. I put it in my wash bag for when I'm away, and once sewed a button back on. I think that's it.
I really didn't know. I gave up with milk because I only have it in tea, and only use about a teaspoon in a cup, so I was throwing 90% of it away. I might give it a go, thanks.
They nice?
Only today I thought about needing more DMs about little willies. Please do.
Were they your kids, and were they sitting in the back of your car?
No digestive?
A proper Digestive doesn't have chocolate.
Looks more of a Shelbyville idea.
In front of everyone, compliment loud friend on her breasts then give them a squeeze, and then stick your tongue down her throat. All cleared by 20:30. Thank me later.
Stolen from a post somewhere on Reddit. "It's not about what you eat between Christmas and NY, it's about what you eat between NY and Christmas."
I don't get it.
But Fry's is a Turkish delight. It's not the traditional rose flavoured one, but it's what I'd expect people to associate with Turkish delight.
Yeah, and that's fine. The thing is you're posting on a sub that lives football. Most of the people on this sub have been looking forward to this game for 3 weeks now. It's literally one of the biggest games in the world. The date and venue were announced years ago. Most here know where it's going to be played, and what time it was going to be played, and some know who was going to ref it and run the lines, and I bet there's even some who know the name of the groundskeeper behind the lawnmower. Starting a video about a game when you don't even know when it's going to be played doesn't inspire confidence, especially on r/soccer. I can see that you enjoy making vids, so keep doing so. Either post this one to a sub that only has a casual interest in soccer, or make vids that you have a genuine interest in. I'm really not trying to criticise you, it's that with that opening most here will just switch off. Good luck.
My family took the train, with our car, to Scotland years ago, and I've loved that experience since. Don't worry if he's got a small cock. It'll be fun.
Thanks. I suspect that, in time, the tax might be applied to the EVs, while the ICE cars are highly taxed.
Did you know that BT has 52 PL games next season?
£8 a pint? Ok, it's 9%, but that's taking the piss.
Saw a horrible vid of him yesterday. :(
Someone who runs onto the pitch naked.
Same.
/r/britishproblems
This past week feels so different from the days of Dr Tony.
The "carbon fibre" around the gear stick only lasts 4 months?
Don't do it. If he wants the car he can take it to Italy and use it with UK plates for a while.
This was posted earlier and someone claimed that she wasn't euthanized, but her forced feeding was stopped, which I think is a far more likely scenario.
I don't even know what car you're talking about!
https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/bwrrqp/dutch_rape_victim_17_uses_legal_euthanasia_to_end/
I could see it working for someone who travelled a lot, as long as it gets rolled out beyond 2 locations, and you can change the car more often than twice a month. It's a pretty niche market though.
It's not true. https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/bwrrqp/dutch_rape_victim_17_uses_legal_euthanasia_to_end/
Probably bolted on from the inside. Remove a door card and have a look.
I don't think the Aventador has a clutch.
DT: So, what should I talk about in Ireland? Dennis Pennis: Well Mr T, I have a few ideas...
It's bullshit, as most of they hydrogen hype is.
So not all England fans are Liverpool fans? Are you sure?
This sub has become a bit of a victim of it's success, which is a shame. Honestly, just walk away from it. They're just some fuckwits with a computer. Go and make a brew and move on.
&gt;This is not over. I think it probably is.
Make it. You've got the ingredients right there. Do a small batch, missing out the preservatives, and when you got it right do a kilner jar of it.
The stadium is going to be renovated after the game. They need to knock a couple of walls through, fit a new kitchen, replace some windows and lay some decking. Oh, and it's Dion FUCKING Dublin. UTV!
I love shit like this, but then I go to one and have a dozen pints and don't have room for the other 428 pints on offer, and, to be honest, after I've had 5 or 6, I'm not really thinking about how nice they are. I'm generally looking at the ABV. Wake up the next day. No fucking idea what beer number 3 was. It was one of the best beers I've ever had, but they probably make 100 pints a year and they're 300 miles away. Also, I don't like these events where you have to stand at the end of the room if you have a red coat. Always wear a black one.
First or reverse, no difference. Always leave your car in gear, and always push in the clutch when you start a car.
Need? Not need, want. White marble worktops, those swanky corner units, a pull out larder, and multi-coloured LED lighting. All Gazza wanted was a bottle of Vodka.
Ageism ok here is it?
The BBC televise it every year, so I'd start there. What band was it?
I wouldn't worry. Next time tell them you were short and give them the cash.
Nice idea. I like that.
Just spend the £40 and sell what you don't want on Ebay.
The forecast has been shit over the past couple of days.
And security did nothing.
Contact them and let them know that you're interested in buying it back. I know someone who uses a car they bought back for about £100.
So, brown sauce?
I know a woman who lives 30 minutes away on the train from London, and she's never been.
Because it's his blog, and he's just spamming.
&gt; Also the nuances of the different tastes are bigger than vodka I reckon. Gin is basically flavoured vodka.
Look at the sticky at the top of this sub.
Isn't now.
So a slap on the wrist the first time you are caught? Fucking stupid idea.
I didn't know that Nestle own Incredible Burgers.
Just tagged you as 'Paedo Fan'.
Have a look on Pistonheads. There's a whole forum about it.
Sounds about right.
Would you seriously lie about it?
Is this really just a video of someone walking about?
They're just idiots. The situation is avoided by going in front first.
To be honest, I can think of better things to watch, but I guess some like it.
Defiantly the train. Also, use www.splitticketing.com/
To be honest, I can't even remember the last time I had to jump start my car anyway, so it's a bit of a moot point really.
I hope not.
evalbum.com Have a look there.
Not quite the same, but I watched Inside Llewyn Davis and thought one of the actors was really good. It was Justin Timberlake. I didn't really know what he looked like before I saw it.
At 49. That's a shitter. :(
Deeply, deeply offended. Or not. Don't eat them.
But cream doesn't form a solid foundation the way that butter does. Cornwall win this one imo.
Speed holes.
How about putting a well written card through their door? Explain that you don't care what she does, but you really don't get on with the smell.
I don't get it. Nagata put a V12 in a Supra. Groff created an engine, and then made a car to put it in. https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/77uwf2/homemade_v12_update_getting_close/ I thought you were talking about combining two engines to make one, not just doing an engine transplant.
No, it's *exactly* what you're taking about! He took 2 in-lines and made a V, and then made a fucking fantastic looking car to to put it in. Out of all the projects I've ever read about, this one really sticks out. Even the exhaust is a work of art.
Yeah, it's from the Crown.
Cars from ~~UK~~ Japan and France.
Fiat 500? MINI?
https://www.rt.com/uk/445736-nazis-prince-harry-markle/
That's not what they were charged with. From the BBC, &gt;In April, Szewczuk admitted two counts of encouraging terrorism and five of possessing documents useful to a terrorist. &gt;Dunn-Koczorowski pleaded guilty while still a youth in December to two counts of encouraging terrorism.
You sound a bit dim.
&gt; Being jailed on "intent" not specific threats opens too much to interpretation. They promoted the rape of women and babies and admitted to 'encouraging terrorism'. Do we have to wait until they kill people before we can act? &gt;Also they had " possessing documents useful to a terrorist. " These were legal books to posses Were they? I'm not sure what they had, so I can't really comment.
&gt;what is "encouraging terrorism" specifically? I don't know, but I know that if someone aligns themselves with the [Atomwaffen Division](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomwaffen_Division), the chances are that they are probably quite serious about doing some real damage.
Gazza. Colin Hendry. 1996. I was sat to Gazza's left.
I can only guess, but are you American? The reason I ask is because Antifa are a fairly benign organisation in the UK, so I don't have much experience of them. Generally they are just a load of angsty teenagers with cardboard placards and paint aerosol over here, and have little impact. If there's a demonstration, regardless of the cause, there will be a few, but that's it.
Nasty crisps, apparently.
And you have your food before the take away would have been delivered. I waited 50 minutes not long ago.
2 so far this year. It used to be more, but after spending £18 on one that was shite, I went to Aldi and got enough food for days out of £18. They seem to be a *lot* more expensive recently. I'd rather go out to eat.
I agree, anyone who tries to close political discourse is a terrorist of sorts. As I said, they really aren't an issue in the UK. It's just obnoxious children occasionally getting arrested for Public Order offences. What happens in the US if you openly support a proscribed terrorist organisation?
www.lightningmaps.org Fuck, looks like I won't be getting much sleep.
If you zoom in near where you are, when a strike happens it puts an expanding ring round it. That's the soundwave. It's spookily accurate.
Ocado do crickets.
Sorry, but I'm really not up for this.
Remember it well. Also carpet shops.
*People* tire of disrespectful influencers. Edit: Thank you so much Mr Anon for the Gold. Much appreciated. The thing is, now I thinking *I* might have a calling to be a influencer.
&gt; That's a woman. That doesn't seem like a barrier on here.
Make more videos. Fascinating.
It's good news that we can't export our rubbish anymore. It means that we'll have to dispose of it responsibly. More recycling and waste-to-energy plants is what we need.
Not great, but it beats landfill by a long way.
She's not well.
Give me your address and I'll drop some round. Just Google Salt and Vinegar PomBears
Just seen your name. Clearly a jam shill.
I think you're thinking of the Philippines.
How do you know what someone else is thinking? The reason I guessed the Philippines is because they killed over 5,000 as of this year, and Duterte's campaign has received massive media attention. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine_Drug_War In the same period Singapore have killed about 20, and Malaysia less.
That's not really relevant. The fact is that the Philippines *have* killed far more than Singapore or Malaysia, trial or not.
It doesn't sound too different to the THX sound.
The trend is going in the opposite direction. Audi was four different companies and BMW was 3 different companies. There are new companies though, but the are mostly in China. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Car_manufacturers_of_China Edit: Forgot about the possible Renault, Nissan and Mitsubishi merger.
Same here. :)
The problem is that is this is political. There's fuck all difference between here and ukpol.
I know. :((
Good job on missing the point. 10/10
No, it passed me by...
It happened to someone I know in Spain.
Yeah, it's been brilliant, and as you say, less diving along with less calling for cards and less hassling the refs. The men's game has a lot to learn from them.
How the fuck is the technical ability better? That's one fucking dumb comment.
Have you ever seen a football game? I think you have. I think you're just a trolling cunt.
India has 21. [We used to have loads](http://libraryblog.lbrut.org.uk/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/British-almanac-1833-Copy-e1481891419660.jpg).
Vaping. I've been of cigarettes for 2 years after smoking for 35 years.
I thought Red bush was a type of tea. Is it a brand?
‘I’m lie a bird.’
I love fondue, but don't understand why it's almost impossible to have one in a restaurant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GihrWuysnrc
I didn't know they did it in Sweden. It's very much a Swiss thing to me, with kirsch. Then it gets silly when you dunk the bread in kirsch before the cheese!
1913! Incredible.
It'll be a bus. National Express probably do one.
Where's that?
That's the one I'd take.
He fucked up Joe Gomez a year ago, and now this. What a fucking cocksocket.
If he was playing like he was at Dortmund, no question. Now I'm not so sure.
&gt; Funny it comes from a country that makes drawings illegal You've lost me. What does that mean?
I do quite a bit at a farm shop. The quality is far better than the supermarket, and it's often cheaper. I think the more important thing is seasonal shopping. It's a bit odd that people buy strawberries and asparagus in December.
&gt; The UK is dying ffs. Just go.
Ok, but cities tend to get a lot of local markets. Try them.
The downvotes don't bother me. What I hate is the negative mindset, and the more people who have no faith in the UK who go and live elsewhere, the better. Go try it. I did, and I came back.
Watch a Tissier compilation. Most underrated player ever.
Man City: Probably 0 points. Let's be real. Brighton: I hope for 3 here. Watford: Should be 3, but Pearson is doing really well. 1 point? Bournemouth: If the Hammers can do them, I'd hope we can too. 3? 7 points is my guess.
Yeah, things might change, but the UK will survive at some level. Fuck the "OMG, ThE Uk iS DyiNg" twats.
&gt; a little patronising A *little*?!! Have a nice trip and send me a postcard when you land in Wellington, which will be never.
Nope. That's it. It's a mass of wasteland with everyone scavenging around for firewood and dead rats.
Next time you order fish and chips, don't use the Kid's Menu.
As I said, just go. Are you going to spend the rest of your life regretting what you didn't do? Clearly most of the UK are intellectually inferior to you, and the whole place will be wasteland come February, so just go. You need to go. *You* need to realise that the UK is pretty fucking good, and you'll never do that unless you actually do go. So, go.
It looks a bit small. Nice, but small.
In my opinion he's right up there with Cantona, Henry and Beckham, and I love him for his loyalty. He was such a lazy and fat fucker who just played the game so well that he didn't need to train like Ronaldo. That's from a Villa fan.
Ooh wah, ooh wah cool, cool kitty Tell us about the boy from New York City Ooh wah, ooh wah c'mon kitty Tell us about the boy from New York City
Nauru
That looks like the donation bowl in a church.
Buy a used set from a quality brand. You should be able to pick up a set for around £100, and if you don't like it you can sell them again. Some people use a half set, which is obviously cheaper. Have a lesson or two, because the swing and grip are important. Enjoy it. It's incredibly frustrating, but also very rewarding.
It's not a bad way of doing it. I know people that used to carry a huge bag, and that was no fun.
Have you tried peopleperhour.com?
Probably wasn't set free. That's illegal, but I'm going to find a bit of woodland.
It sounds too loud for a rat, and apparently there's no poison to kill a squirrel. I've ordered the trap now, so hopefully I'll find out soon.
&gt; Glis Glis Never heard of them, so I looked on Wiki and there's a few in the UK.
The whole lot. It's nonsense.
What about it?
The return of white turds.
I had no idea so much of this was malicious.
I went from 17 to 15 on my Mazda. Cheaper tyres, a far better ride and handling, and more comfort. I don't understand the trend for oversized wheels. Just make sure they clear your calipers.
I'm an Uncle, and I can fully see a situation where a Niece/Nephew doesn't realise how much they mean to you. It's no one's fault, but it can happen. Anyway, yeah take it. It's gorgeous, and I really don't like American cars much. Read up on the Mustang forums, and garage it if possible. Fuel will be shit. Insurance at 500/1,000 miles/pa. You're a lucky man with a good Uncle.
Yup, autos are amazing now. Most here, and I don't mean to be condescending, will have no idea of how shit the old autos were. You'd be reminded of any back problems every time it upshifted.
How? What improvement would you like to see?
You can daily what you like. Some daily motorbikes.
&gt;cars are just so reliable these days you really don’t need to 100%. You absolutely needed to maintain your cars years ago. Now there's little need. A service every year or two, and you're unlucky to run into any problems.
I know someone with 19 wheels with 30 profile tyres. Every 3 or 4 months the wheels have to be welded up because he hit a pothole. But he thinks they look nice...
That's *nothing* to do with gearbox technology. That's about autonomous driving.
In a heavy car, why would flexing be a problem? If you don't want flex buy a lighter car.
Both look awful.
Do it.
Pedestrian collision.
Not in my experience. A CVT has no gear change, while a 1980's auto jolts every time.
I had a Tesco Smoked Salmon with cream cheese, crisps and a Coke for £3. It was pretty good.
I think we'll have a closer Commonwealth community, so more like UK/CAN/AUS/NZ, but probably not a full FoM.
I've got a soft spot for Walkers Roast Chicken. I like simple things.
Backwards clocks. I don't see the attraction myself.
No, this shit. https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41IUwmEU64L._AC_SY400_ML2_.jpg
I thought they were for eggs?
So where do you put the eggs? In a Quality Street tin?
r/stopdrinking/ might be able to offer some help. Good luck.
r/casualuk. Getting better by the day.
What people will do for karma.
Do you really believe that someone here could tell you what's wrong? Take it to a garage.
Star Wars PJ's and baked beans on toast, and all you can do is complain? Pfft. Happy Birthday!
&gt; Plastidip It's not good, especially when it'll get hit by stones and stuff.
&gt; I’d take a punt on a high-flying Championship striker over him. Ollie Watkins. He knows Smith, and I think we could afford him.
Dangerous and dumb.
Part of me thinks just get rid of Corbyn and his mob and let's get back to proper politics, but if they really have broken the law it does need to be looked at.
Not sure he's needed myself, but ok. I'm more interested in a striker.
It'd be even sweeter if *I* was married to Glynis Barber. But, yeah it's nice.
Pros is an abbreviation of Professionals. To be a Professional you'd have to, by definition, be paid. Are any of them paid to act like morons at 2am? I doubt it.
That's to do with unsprung weigh. The suspension has a harder time dealing with the road because there's more to weight to deal with. The lighter the wheels and tyres, the quicker the suspension can react.
Yeah, ok. Bye *pro*.
&gt; I drive a TLX and an A4 what kind of street racing do you think i do? Don't know? The type when you crash a whole lot? The type when you kill other road users? The type when you make yourself look like a proper moron like you have here? Why don't you tell me?
They're very hit and miss. It's anywhere from sorting your problem out for years, to doing nothing.
Thanks Mr Bot. Let's both listen to Temples of Syrinx.
Definitely. I'm no expert, but I've experienced the difference and read a fair bit about it, and large wheels, in my opinion, are just trash. https://www.machinedesign.com/mechanical-motion-systems/springs/article/21832024/what-are-the-differences-between-sprung-and-unsprung-weight Have a read matey.
I can see that happening. Lotus, Volvo and Polestar with AM might have a lot to offer.
What's moneyshift?
Oh, ok, thanks. But why would you?
Oh! Ok, got it, thanks.
Dover?
That sounds awful. On the other hand, it sounds like Paradise. Bed all day. No need to talk to your cunty mates. No visitors. Pornhub and tea. Lovely. Get well soon.
I've been there, and it's not good. Still, it's better then being a top poster on r/casualuk. Good luck matey.
He's a fucking waste of time. Might as well have signed Mr Blobby. We should take back Wesley under the Trade Discription Act along with Danny Drinkanddrive.
Lovely.
Hit it harder!
I love the way he dresses. It seems so out of step with his personality.
Hazard lights. Illegal to use while moving, so ram his car off the road as fast as you can. He's clearly a liability and doesn't deserve a driving license, or a car.
OP suggested that they were being used as a "Thank you". Honestly, I'm not that bothered.
So do I.
I don't have to anything. I'm not a fucking driving instructor.
I doubt it.
Delia Smith. If you want a solid recipe for anything, always Delia. Others could be better, but her's are always reliable.
Are they really seagulls? I've never seen them do that.
Ahhh, ok! What birds could they be?
I was adopted. You two are fucking marvelous.
Probably. Geese are the only ones I know that fly like that.
Me too. The Championship was fun!
Doesn't the guy who did the work know?
That would probably have happened regardless.
Cheap shit is shit? It is, but it should still be a consumer option.
&gt; niasse would surely do a job over Kodjia I don't know. It's like comparing a shit sandwich with ketchup to a shit sandwich with brown sauce. &gt;what are we gonna do if it gets to the 31st and we haven't been able to get one of our priority signings I guess we'll stop believing that “*The directors be generally and unconditionally authorised to exercise all of any powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company up to a nominal aggregate amount of £100,000,000 &amp; shall expire on the fifth anniversary of the date of this resolution.*” *This* is the time to spend big. This is where we need £20/30m for a good striker. I don't understand the passion to pay for players like Drinkwater or Benteke.
So what's your solution?
We had some IBM thing that wasn't much fun, then one Christmas we got an Intellivision. After that I bought an Amiga 500.
$200 is not really cheap. I mean $20. If they all have to be USB C the price will rise, leaving a lot of the less well off struggling.
So give me an answer.
Dear Mrs weedandsteak, Why would you buy that? Looks like some weird Japanese sex doll. Your's faithfully, Muck777.
No. Old technology is cheaper. What's the cheapest USB C phone you can find?
&gt; The connector isn't the reason the prices have gone up I didn't say it fucking was. What I said is that companies are well up for selling old tech. Old tech is cheap and still sells. *Such* a fucking dumb comment.
So 80% have? I don't think we don't need to panic yet.
Look at the power cable that you plug into your PC. Who standardized that? That's a 'kettle lead' you fucking knob.
They used to sell them here, but don't any more.
I always compare. My last automatic renewal was around £330. I got it for £120.
My insurance company refused to shift. It's as if they aren't concerned to lose a customer.
I do. It's completely ignored.
That's amazing. Happy Birthday!
Do an OBD check.
[Didn't this happen about a year ago](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-47359502)?
**Alvim**: "*Brazilian art of the next decade will be heroic and it will be national ... and imperative because it will be rooted in the urgent aspirations of our people, or it will be nothing*" **Goebbels**: "*German art of the next decade will be heroic, will be wildly romantic, will be objective and free of sentimentality, will be national with great pathos and equally imperative and binding, or else it will be nothing.*" That's not coincidence. Perhaps Ken Livingstone can give him a job.
14 comments?!
Yes, **after** the investigation the shit will hit the fan. Why isn't that clear?
Never had any of them.
I'd love a Pub-like soda gun at home. I have nothing to add.
"Left a bit, right a bit, up a bit..."
J2O is lovely.
And Yorkshire Tea.
What happens if your "Self programmed ABS unit" goes wrong? Your insurance company going to be ok with that?
I've had a Cornish Pasty, but not from them. Don't tell anyone, but I'm such a fucking snob, and most of that food looks like trash. I did try Greggs for a coffee once, and instant coffee from Lidl was better.
Accountability.
Just keeping hating everything American. It makes for a spectacularly tedious discussion.
I really don't understand what you're talking about. Canada is not America.
&gt; I was commenting about how Canada will not get an investigation into the Iranian government because the US will over throw that government before any investigation could be done. Ok mate. You might be right. RemindMe! 2 years
That's just bullshit.
Have a sliver!
Can I ask you something? I don't know how old you are, but I'm close to being a Boomer Baby. Are you ok with Boomer? It seems like a very dismissive term to me. "Ok Boomer" is almost the same as "Whatever" with an age angle. I'd hate to think that people are being dismissive of others purely based on their demographic, because I hope we all reject sexism, racism, homophobia, and any other 'ism' you can think of, yet ageism seems to be acceptable with you and many of the younger generation. It seem very strange because so many generations after mine are far more tolerant to almost everything, apart from age. Has ageism become acceptable now?
Hang on, it had 14 comments about 30 minutes after it was posted. Only 1 was visible. All I asked was what had happened, because 13 had been deleted which seem very odd. It's nothing to do with how you sort it.
Not with curry sauce.
I think a drink or two might have played a factor. Still, "All Leavers".
Lovely. Leicester will be his first game?
Drive it. You'll be fine.
Shame really. Either start him and be prepared to take him off after 20 minutes, or give him 20 at the end. Oh well.
You were still pissing it of the road was icy.
Possibly, but I'm not sure if he's had a training session yet.
No idea matey. Still, 3 points tomorrow. :D
Birds don't fly at night. Nice though.
150ml of any oil will be fine if driven for a mile or two at lower revs. This is the way this sub goes. Generally no clue about *anything*.
There's no propshaft tunnel, so FWD I think.
Didn't someone offer $80m?
Sorry. Have a look at onlinecardiagnostics.com.
Magpie. Ken Dodd and the Diddy men. All the Blue Peter people.
How many countries make TVs?
Cornish
https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/
Curry's offer a free service.
If we survive the PL this year, and we get into the LC final, that's a fucking good year. I'd be happy.
Delia Smith then.
No. I don't think so.
4k is a fair opening bid. Probably end up a 4.6 or 4.7.
It's sad that you have to offer special colours to sell the remaining stock. If VW think these colours will sell well, why not offer them on all their cars?
Did you try to Google 'Tui cancellation'?
What sort of answer do you expect? How could anyone here know?
Yup. If you leave it sitting it'll die.
I don't think many people from Europe really care. I don't even know who he is.
So at half past midnight on a Sunday morning people are going to have a look at r/ukcasual and amend their ways?!!! Do me a favour matey.
At half 12?
He's finished it?!! About time really.
I fucking hate cows. Three times they have tried to kill me. More people have died in London in 2019 to cows than from guns anywhere in the world, ever. Possibly.
Nice. Better on mute though.
How robust would an Android tablet be?
https://www.digital-speedos.co.uk/ Some there for a lot cheaper than a MoTec.
Let's hope for ManU.
It's a really good question as to why Jeopardy never came over here.
10 minutes?!! Where's your toast and marmalade?
3 cups of tea before you go to bed and a pint of tomato juice when you wake up.
It's so difficult. Keep strong mate. UTV.
Keep at it matey. X
8 wanks. 1 day. I'm a fucking champ.
Nope. Sounds awful.
Sponsor some tree planting.
It's strange timing, because I always liked them with a coffee from the coffee shop. It never occurred to me to buy a whole packet, but last week in the shop there they were. Glorious! My worst are Party Rings. Just. Horrible.
https://www.tiptree.com/index.php/products/marmalades/tawny-orange-marmalade.html It's amazing.
Have a look at all of them, but this is the one I really like.
Yeah, I just don't get them. I've got a friend who loves them, but his idea of Haute cuisine is Nandos or Gummy bears.
Yeah, it's got a good bite. Having said that, they also make this. https://www.tiptree.com/index.php/products/marmalades/bitter-orange-marmalade.html I've never seen it available, but I'll give it a go. Thick cuts are generally more bitter, and you can get added lemon/grapefruit for more bite. Tiptree are always good though.
I'm with you. I don't really like icing, apart from a Christmas Cake with 2mm of icing and 15cm of Marzipan. That works.
Probable Lineups: Reina Missing Players: Reina - Doubtful No Samatta? Nice one....
Filter out some of your social media mate.
Great theme music. But really, it was pretty shit.
He's capable of campaigning anything. Assisted dying has 84% support. That would be another 5 years of Question Time, and I'd love him to do it.
&gt; Don't editorialise titles &gt;Submission titles should use the headline or subheading of the article being submitted, and should be changed only where it improves clarity or is absolutely necessary. I don't think you could make yourself more of an idiot if you tried /u/myty1800. Tagged for future reference.
I have them. Lovely stuff.
Cucumber sandwiches seem like a southern thing, so it's probably started in the south.
Wow /u/FightTribalism, you found *another* article about Israel to post? Incredible....
Yeah, but your submission history is a fucking joke. I can only guess what sort of person you really are. Edit: You even post in r/ChapoTrapHouse? Really?
If you keep posting shit, yes I fucking am. Have you ever read r/ChapoTrapHouse? Go have a read, and then come and defend people like that. Off you go.
No, i'm sorry, but people can accept an article from anyone, but it's important to understand the motivation of why people post here. You think it's just a random post by someone who just happened to come across this article?!!! Is that what you defend? You're a Muslim right, and if someone posted negative shit about your religion, day after day, week after week, month after month, you wouldn't even try to explain to others his motivation? You're ok with blatant discrimination? You're a fucking coward if you wouldn't do anything.
He knows that you're not allowed to store more than 30l?
If you have to ask here it's probably best to drop them.
&gt; You won't see driverless trains for a couple of decades at least. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_automated_train_systems#Grade-of-Automation_4_systems Don't we already have them?
https://www.euroweeklynews.com/2020/05/28/frances-restaurants-may-have-a-new-way-of-dining-whilst-protecting-customers-thanks-to-designer-christopher-gernigon/
I'd like to know what lead to this. Disgusting. This made me laugh though. https://twitter.com/DChaurasia2312/status/1268432255321387015?s=20
Wonderful stuff.
I'm not educated in medicine at all, so please give me some leeway. Do you think Professor Sunetra Gupta is right? It's really dying out? https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/06/coronavirus-losing-potency-top-italian-doctor-200601044959952.html Alberto Zangrillo suggests similar. I'm really sorry if this is the wrong sub to ask, but all the other COVID subs are just political cesspits. What's the general consensus here?
Keep being as happy.
You're an edge case.
Yeah, a pile of shit that u/FightTribalism loves to pieces. Weird, eh?
Yes.
We had VE Day in the UK on the 8th. May, and there's been no spike, despite a lot of people breaking a lot of rules.
Yeah, I know. I know people who've ignored the whole thing, which is awful, but the UK curve is very much downward despite VE Day. [This is interesting](https://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-health-coronavirus-italy-virus/new-coronavirus-losing-potency-top-italian-doctor-says-idUKKBN2370OP). WHO says it's wrong, but *if* it's correct it does explain why VE Day caused no upturn. I think if the global protests this weekend don't have any significant impact by mid June, Alberto Zangrillo will have been proved correct. Fingers crossed.
You're right. Reddit is pretty pathetic now.
Why are you angry at the government? It's the protesters who are the problem.
I posted your story here. https://old.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/gwonz2/living_room_runner_tops_strava_distance_challenge/ Sorry to say, it got a load of shitty replies. Good luck with it.
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/bristol-torn-apart-over-statue-of-edward-colston-but-is-this-a-figure-of-shame-or-a-necessary-9555333.html There was a poll in 2014, and 56% wanted to keep it. They should replace it with a statue of Justin Lee Collins.
Karl Friston is a member of the Independent SAGE committee. Some bits that stood out for me. &gt;His models suggest that the stark difference between outcomes in the UK and Germany, for example, is not primarily an effect of different government actions (such as better testing and earlier lockdowns) but is better explained by intrinsic differences between the populations that make the “susceptible population” in Germany — the group that is vulnerable to Covid-19 — much smaller than in the UK. &gt;As he told me in our interview, even within the UK, the numbers point to the same thing: that the “effective susceptible population” was never 100%, and was at most 50% and probably more like only 20% of the population. He emphasises that the analysis is not yet complete, but “I suspect, once this has been done, it will look like the effective non-susceptible portion of the population will be about 80%. I think that’s what’s going to happen.” That's an incredible difference from when we were told that 80% *would* get COVID.
Protests&gt;Riots&gt;Looting&gt;Arson. Again.
Good point.
I'm talking about the public in general. There's little connection between Reddit/Twitter/Facebook and the real world. Boris was supposed to get a proper kicking at the last election.
I've noticed that too.
Yeah, it'll be fine. Chances are it's leaked it's gas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmJH84FnQa8 Would you really want one?
I suppose you could cover up the noise by fitting a stupidly loud exhaust.
What's that in the top left corner?
Don't buy one.
I'd like grapefruit ones.
No!! That came across wrong! I wish there were thought.
&gt; Why publish this today? Do you expect more from The Independent?
Yeah, but in the UK you'd be hard pushed to spend more than about £100 for an online sale. Autotrader.co.uk has 500,000+ cars, so it's massive, but even their premium service is less than £100, and carandclassic.co.uk is completely free.
Ebay? I think that's the only UK option to auction a car online. We have physical auction houses that sell prestige stuff on site, like Manheim, Sotheby's and Bonhams, and I'd expect them to charge a heavy commission.
On occasion. It wasn't their only failing though.
On occasion they might have sent people back to care homes, but the care homes would probably still would have had significant deaths either way. Lots dying in care homes isn't exclusive to the UK, and sadly the slightest contact is going to have a disastrous result. If COVID can make it's way into a care home in the Isle of Skye, chances are it can make it into most care homes.
Boston Tea Party: 2020 COVID Edition.
6th March?!! Hate Boris all you like, but you sound ridiculous, and, to be honest, utterly pathetic.
u/NotSharedDildo
Did *you* read that document before this all started? I doubt it.
https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2019/mar/27/labour-expels-jackie-walker-for-leaked-antisemitism-comments She's a piece of shit.
Yeah, Jack Dawkins is a Tommy Robinson fan I believe.
Congrats! Look to the future.
Zoos should really be allowed to open. It's silly. Good on Iceland.
This is always a very blinkered topic. * Attlee (Labour) closed 101 * Macmillan (Conservative) closed 246 * Wilson (Labour) closed 253 * Heath (Conservative) closed 26 * Thatcher (Conservative) closed 115 Labour closed 354, and Tories closed 387, with Thatcher closing about 15% of all that were closed, yet history has become so twisted that some might believe that Thatcher was solely responsible for the loss of our coal industry. Wilson shut over twice as many as Thatcher did! Edit: *“Arthur Scargill started the miners strike with a big union and a small house, and ended it with a big house and a small union”*
That's what the National Trust are doing. Actually, *how* can you keep zoos closed, but let the NT open? It's more stupid that I realised.
I don't understand it. Last time I renewed I got a reminder in the post, and it had gone up from about £200 to something like £330. Looked online and found a quote for £100! It's a dark art.
He was a Tory. Now Brexit.
ChapoTrapHouse poster being a twat.
Reddit is a pretty pessimistic place sometimes. Good luck with it. :D
&gt;Honestly I don't have energy to talk about the racial violence of white people any more. Yes ALL white people. What's that called when you tar everyone with the same brush?
Good choices.
Yup, I made a post in this thread, but it's down the bottom! Brilliant news!
I think the whole of Reddit is dying to be honest. I saw a quote a few days ago. &gt; We're a free speech site with very few exceptions (mostly personal info) and having to stomach occasional troll reddit like picsofdeadkids or morally questionable reddits like jailbait are part of the price of free speech on a site like this. Erik Martin - Reddit General Manager. July 2011 Now you can get banned from one sub for simply posting elsewhere.
https://www.ukpostbox.com/pricing
It's just what Reddit is like. If you don't follow the echo chamber you pay the price! Thanks though. :)
[The Fenn Bell Inn must be in an odd position](https://metro.co.uk/2019/07/17/kent-pub-makes-lunches-even-better-by-adding-its-own-zoo-with-over-100-animals-10386449/).
TIL that 'incite' laws are now called 'Inchoate offences'.
They aren't too keen on the 'less gifted' either. &gt;One of those missteps came in 1948. Surprising as it may seem today, the Manchester Guardian disparaged the foundation of Britain’s National Health Service. While supporting the changes as a “great step forward”, the Guardian feared that the state providing welfare “risks an increase in the proportion of the less gifted”. https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/nov/16/a-mission-for-journalism-in-a-time-of-crisis
Why not just wear it the whole journey?
A scarf will do.
It might be regional. Down south I think most chippies sell them.
"*We would like the police to be more sympathic towards us*".
&gt; The context is different Why? Because you say so? &gt;the Russian government Lubov Chernukhin isn't the Russian Government. &gt; It's not racist to think there could be a link between former Russian nationals' actions and Russia I think it is. Prove the connection. &gt; However, I agree that it should be made clear if the person in question is a UK national. Buisness Insider is nothing more that some stupid blog in reality.
Did you read the thread?
I don't care if you can't see it.
r/conspiracy. Have fun!
Have you seen the mod list on r/ news?!!!! Nice knowing you! That's hilarious. Bye.
It's not my intention to argue either, but there is an irony, especially on a site like Reddit, to recognise the nationality of one person, but not of the other. It's low level xenophobia and I think it's ugly. Either we accept foreign citizens, or we don't. I remember when John Barnes was playing for England. "*Not really English John Barnes*" as National Front members would call him. I always percieved the National Front as vile cunts, and now you want to explain to me how Chernukhin can be denied her nationality? The irony is that the chances are you're doing it from some sort of social/left standpoint, while the NF were doing it from a far right position. If you answer, please keep it precise. I really don't need another tome!
Forgot I replied to this thread. Leave your lot! Fish is wonderful! If fish sucked why are there no 'Battered Saveloy and Chips' shops? Eh??! That's like going to the cinema just for popcorn. That's something to think about. My plan is to live like Kevin Costner in Waterworld. With a deep fat fryer.
Are all fights going to be one-handed from now? That might save lives.
Nope. Looked up a recipe. Water?? WTF!
Does it? I'm not really sure where the blame falls myself.
https://twitter.com/stillgray/status/1270967533495934977?s=20 From Wiki: &gt;In 1835, he donated money to establish a school for African-American children in Philadelphia and continued to pay the teachers' salaries out of his own pocket for years thereafter. Baldwin was an outspoken supporter for the abolition of slavery in the United States, a position that was used against him and his firm by competitors eager to sell locomotives to railroads based in the slaveholding South.
Anything above Geoffery, Zippy and Bungle is a bit highbrow for me.
That thread is golden! Are any of them *actually* BAME? &gt;Racist, islamophobic, and transohobic Wierd thing is, I don't see any of that here, but I do see a lot of it on other subs.
"*Pssttt, wanna buy a DVD of Love Thy Neighbour? Only £50*"
I watched it at the time, and Eddie was a prick, while Bill and Barbie were really cool. You're 100% right. Eddie was a worthless, white, arrogant, ignorant twat vs. a British, liberal, chilled and educated black guy with a very sexy wife. It was all about making fun of predijuce. As is /r/baduk. I think. The Left would never watch it now, but if they did they might realise that the UK has rejected racism for decades.
Right, I just watched an episode again. S2E2 - Voodoo. That's how I remember it. Bill won with humour and intelligence, and Eddie looked like a twat. If the Left had *any* idea of what they were doing they would be calling for endless repeats of Love Thy Neighbour to show how stupid racists are. Also, it was actually funnier than most TV now. #TeamBill
I believe the election polls typically ask around 2,000 people across the country, so 11,000/530,000 is more than reasonable.
Some of the submission guidelines should become rules. Apart from that it's a great sub.
MPs earn about £75k. This is going to cause some problems for them.
[Just under 20% of the 643 sitting MPs had “regular paid outside commitments” between July 2017 and March 2018, according to a report from the Committee on Standards in Public Life.](https://fullfact.org/law/are-mps-allowed-second-jobs/) &gt;They all have 2nd incomes Right, thanks for that.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/fd69fm/if_dragons_were_real_how_would_that_have_changed/fjffn64/ Seems like a racist cunt to me.
"*Man who predicted 400,000 COVID deaths now has benefit of hindsight.*" Horton should have gone years ago.
Type 'spares or repairs' on UK Ebay.
Is he the first person to be jailed since this started?
Jovanna Lovelace is a fantastic name.
Fair play to u/chowieuk. I fuck up on Reddit too sometimes.
Ok, you could just ask if 'chubby little incel kids' is more socially acceptable than 'boomers'. Personally, I think you're a bit of a cunt you're dismissive of any generation.
TIL that you can be jailed for "almost" unirating on a monmuent.
Casual dismissive. Good move.
Bless. Let's try to work together from now.
Let's all try to piss together.
165k Post Karma 7k Comment Karma Ignore.
There's a few videos on youtube. It really doesn't work!
What?
Concord. People get mixed up with the Hurricane and a Spitfire. 100% of people recognised Concord from 20,000 feet.
Ageism too.
Agree. The thing is that you only have to go back last December to see what might happen when you have a 39 year old as leader.
https://twitter.com/GabrielScally/status/1214855503924355072?s=20 I'm sick of these experts playing political games.
The whole sub is a piece of shit run by fucktards who have probably never been to a match. You're much better off posting on your teams sub, or on a non-Reddit forum. The team subs are generally much better.
Nor was the colour of his skin. Moran is just an idiot.
I think that's international shipping law. You take it back to the point of departure.
Are you not proud of your parents?
&gt; Being proud or shameful of things you had no part in does seem a bit weird though. That's what you said. Nothing to do with patriotism, just if you can be proud of things you had no part in. You can be proud of whatever the fuck you want to be proud about. You don't make the rules.
No! I was talking about tronaldomong!
&gt; Don't snitch. Was it written by a 8 year old?
Some use vegetable glycerin and some use aloe vera gel. Find out which one you're allergic to. Hopefully it's not alcohol that's doing it.
https://www.live-footballontv.com/live-english-football-on-tv.html
https://metro.co.uk/2019/11/20/lib-dems-say-legalising-cannabis-raise-1500000000-tax-11191938/ LD back it.
&gt; not a single death caused by mdma https://www.statista.com/statistics/470824/drug-poisoning-deaths-mdma-ecstasy-in-england-and-wales/
Fuck, saké?
Wht is she running a 12 bedroom hotel by herself?
You could probably get away with Whatsapp. I doubt that the IT Police will be checking.
Whenever they want.
You actually listen to him? Wow. It sounds like it'll be the same as here. I'm not sure why people are so willing to make themselves look moronic by claiming that they don't understand the most rudimentary instructions. It's a miracle that they can wipe their own arse.
It's just a nonsense article. Edmunds said "Relaxing the 2-metre rule at the same time as opening bars and restaurants does run the risk of allowing the epidemic to start to regain a foothold." Well, yeah, it *could*. Then there's a quote from Susan Michie, a psychologist! Oh, and she's also 'a member of the Communist Party of Britain (CPB), but has donated to the Labour Party under the Corbyn leadership' according to Wiki. The Guardian should join Reddit. They'd be a Shitpost King in no time.
Why wouldn't she consult the government?
The one I remember is that [80% of us will get it](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-51698000). 'Experts', again.
[Why didn't we listen to Carlos Ghosn](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2004/jan/07/motoring.theeuro)?
Has any country reached 80%?
&gt; this was never going to happen Well done, you said something worth reading.
That's why I asked if you can name a country with 80% infection, but you just ignored it. Don't blame you really, because of course you fucking can't.
You think every country has taken significant evasive action?
Get a Nilfisk.
r/Ireland is leaking.
Fuck Keir. What does Marcus Rashford think?
Stick it in the yard if you can't work on it.
Also, [TheSocalistStudent.co.uk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqR1V3DN8hM) are crying.
How should they have prepared?
Nothing on Flight Radar. :(
You don't have to say it. If anyone watches that video and then claims that it's the *police* who need to change their behaviour, it's obvious.
No, you probably don't.
[Streeck added: "We were in a household where many highly infectious people lived, and yet we did not manage to detect a living virus from any surface."](https://www.thelocal.de/20200402/how-german-scientists-hope-to-find-answers-on-coronavirus-in-countrys-worst-hit-spot) I don't bother.
They are reporting something said by medical professionals.
Before 1948 no one had ever knelt on anyone's neck.
No it's not.
They should ban you for being a fucking Mega-Mong. Stay safe.
I'm not sure why Reddit allows shit like this.
Also dilutes the quality of debate massively.
&gt; There's no good way to shoot a shotgun with no butt stock. It's going to hurt your wrist or go flying. Not at all.
/r/britishproblems
It's nothing to do with the government.
I reported the same earlier, but nothing happened. I don't understand why Reddit doesn't ban this shit site wide.
https://twitter.com/MahyarTousi/status/1277000909718016002?s=20
2021: Thousands of barbers close as people realise that it isn't rocket surgery.
https://app.blaqbase.co/ A shopping app that you *have to* be black to sell? How?
I'm looking forward to their 105 page manifesto.
"Stop resisting."
&gt;Mahsa Taliefar is now seeking to raise £300,000 to crowdfund a prosecution. And if Cummings is guilty he'll have to pay a £100 fine.
Why compare us to Texas and not the European countries that have relaxed the rules successfully?
RemindMe! 60 days
A Scouser stole something?
Are broad generalisations still allowed?
I think a month ago, after the world watched the video of Floyd being suffocated, they had tremendous support. Through a series of events since then, they have seem to have lost almost all public support. That's no small achievement.
Just give them another referendum. And another. And, if they need it, another.
It's funny when people imagine Continental bars to be full of sophisticated people sipping wine and Martinis, and our pubs to be full of Fosters yobs.
How can it be careless if he's not even back at work?
The World didn't have a plan, yet you expect a pub to have one? Get a grip.
We're all gonna dieeeeeee! Knob.
Why are the title and the Tweet completely different?
I've been going to friends gardens. I think we'll be doing that much more even when the pubs open properly.
That too.
Barb Wire was released.
It's meaningless really. We won't get any additional guidance by Saturday, but, to be honest, after all the shit that's happened over the past few weeks with no significant increase, as long as the majority are sensible, I'm not sure it matters. Sticking to small groups with distancing is the key.
When I had to cycle up hill with loaf of Hovis in t' 70's, things were mighty different.
Well, you can meet up outside and meet up and drink a beer or juice and stuff. I've been walking with friends for weeks. That's permitted. I sit probably 5 metres away and have a chat. It's fine. Meet up this week if possible. Don't deprive yourselves.
I believe you, but I think it illustrates how farcical the opinions of the experts are. I used to read a bit about betting, and the analysis behind it, and I'm sure that there's a handful or more of gamblers who already have more information about COVID19 than some of the most highly regarded scientists.
&gt; The opinions of experts should be pooled and analysed together, rather than just one cough Ferguson cough I think that's what they do, hence SAGE.
&gt;I'm not sure. Look at USA. Why wouldn't you look at a European country for a comparison? You sound like you're trying to be as pessimistic as possible. I don't really mind that, but for people come here for information it's not a realistic comparison.
Oasis have been *way* too cynical of others. Taking the piss and having a laugh is ok, but they seem to like having a pop far too often. I believe they have a fight planned on July 4th with John Denver.
'Let's Kick Marxism Out of Football'
Marxism and F1. It's like strawberries and cream.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcaI2UUSaUQ You're making me feel old.
Oh, are we into pigfucker territory?!
One more on the Diane Abbott Training Bus. Beep beep!
Rats are taking over the country.
Think of all the people who have worked in shops since this started. The vast majority are fine.
FFS!! Mental.
It's getting to the point where you question if it's fake. Mental.
I think she was laughing at calling Morgan an idiot.
I just tested it, seems fine. Sometimes a new thread can take a couple of minutes to appear.
