Honestly, I didn't hate Sounds of a Playground Fading. Sure, it wasn't pure melodeath and definitely marked the start of moving towards where they are now but it was still catchy and had some songs on it I liked. Also, I saw them in concert right after "Siren Charms" came out and while I hated that album, they still sounded great live when they played all their older songs. Really a shame what they've become.
I thought the US wanted her extradited. Why would they let her out on bail (even if she has a bunch of conditions attached) if that's the case?
That's a fair trade, tbh.
Wendys' is pretty good, too.
Well shit. Gonna miss Kelly.
They're basically a marketing and localization team.
Bloodborne is such a good game.
I thought for sure we'd sign him - but I'm happy they didn't for this much money and 3 years.
So can I use this with my 1440p display? Everything seems to focus on 4K.
So it does require 4K in some capacity whether natively or upscaling then? Why is this only a 4K tech right now? Seems a little weird. I'll have to give that a go, though. I just don't want to have to constantly change my scaling on and off for different games. Will have to take a look in the control panel.
Seriously. That song was so bad and it just kept getting worse the more I listened.
I actually like some of those bands but they're not melodeath for sure. Makes sense that In Flames is on a label that fits that sound now though because they're not metal anymore.
Yeah. I'm super disappointed by this. Sure, I can upscale in the nVidia Control Panel, but that's kind of a bummer, too. Hopefully they add 1440p support soon. DLSS support is something I'm looking forward to with my new RTX 2080.
CPU AI is based on pro players? I didn't know that. How'd we find that out?
Yeah, but it's not happening literally as soon as they're upset about something so that's not good enough. Full communism time.
Yeah. I was thinking of Texas when I wrote that.
Awesome! Welcome. Love my Pro 2017. I'm sure you'll love yours, too.
Flickr Pro (the paid service) has been a thing for over a decade. They just changed the limit of free accounts and gave the paid accounts a few new features/benefits.
You can use Flickr for free. It just has a 1000 photo upload limit if you're not a paid user. That should be plenty for you to decide if it's worth buying the Pro subscription.
Well, it looks like I was mistaken. 11.3.2 supports the EOS R apparently. Must be new because I didn't see the option to download the update last week. Download link: https://www.phaseone.com/en/Capture-One/Download/Software-Archive/COArchiveWin.aspx
He could have done it faster, but that's not his cup of tea.
Heyman is more readily willing to jump at stories than other reporters like a Ken Rosenthal. As such, he puts a lot out to see what sticks and gets things wrong more often than someone with agent connections should. I think he's fine and the hate for him here has become almost a meme. But I do think it's important to take his scoops with some skepticism until other reporters confirm sometimes.
That account is amazing. Wow.
I saw him at the Red Sox WS parade this year.
Went with my parents to visit my aunt, uncle, and cousins in Connecticut. Remember thinking about the Y2K bug stuff. I was in 7th grade at the time, IIRC. Nothing super eventful. Hung out with family, had a sip of champagne at midnight.
A few Red Sox mugs and some coasters. All referencing the 2018 title.
Haha. This is an incredible "fuck you" idea. So evil, I love it.
Definitely interesting stuff to consider for sure. But I know Red Sox ownership were specifically allowed to make upgrades, add seating, redo the field, etc and still have Fenway be a landmark.
Kass' Theme was my favorite song in BotW. Love the remix of it that's in Smash Ultimate, too.
This is incredibly disappointing on so many levels but in a way, not surprising at all. This seems to be the attitude of a lot of musicians. I seem to recall Lady Gaga trying to get any photographers doing her shows to sign away their copyright, too. For some reason, musicians only seem to think that art is worth paying for if it's theirs.
Seriously. Such a garbage statement. They're also still perpetuating the lie/misunderstanding that the guy actually was trying to charge 500 EUR. He wasn't. He was making a point about how much his work is worth. Also, her comment about not wanting fans to get takedown notices is BS and meant to garner sympathy, as well. He outright said he didn't mind fans using it. He just objected to Thunderball Clothing using it in an ad.
Of course it is. Most people in the US are living a decent life. Even our poorest people have it better than much of the world. How did I come through? Went to college (my recommendation is to stay away from highly specialized schools and get a degree that will have good prospects post-graduation like software engineering vs game development). I get health insurance through my employer. Most people get health insurance via their employer. And where my degree didn't help me, I studied online. The Internet is an incredible resource. So many sites will help you learn new skills for free. Those skills can be invaluable to employers if you call it out on your resume, too.
This is shitty. Thunderball Clothing and its owner actually cared and did what was right when they realized they were infringing. She apologized, took the photo down, and responded to everything well. It's Arch Enemy and Angela that stuck their noses in and fucked things up here. I'm amazed Angela keeps digging the hole the band is in even deeper. Why release this statement? God damn. She's just *determined* to play the victim until the end.
Another hit that barely got through the infield. Jesus. What an AB that was.
Nunez is so frustrating as a player. He excels at 3B, but we have him stuck a 2B. So he ends up making a bunch of errors. His bad is so streaky for a veteran player like him. But then when he's somewhat hot, he makes stupid baserunning plays like that. It's annoying as hell.
Good to see you tonight. Have a good one! :)
Not only that, but if they go over the last threshold then they lose a draft pick. And our farm system is pretty damn depleted as is.
10 Ks. Nice.
Woof. Bad night for JD.
You too.
Just an FYI - downvoting the post game thread doesn't actually change the score.
I'm honestly super conflicted on this whole thing. On one hand, I agree with Rand that the State is too big, the intelligence community is too powerful, the spying and wasteful investigations have to stop, etc. On the other hand, if government (and especially an all powerful Executive branch) has so much control and a monopoly on force, it's kind of important to investigate them when there's any hint of wrongdoing. But I disagree with Rand that investigating is un-libertarian but agree about potential abuses of investigators of the State. However, accountability and punishing abuses and crimes by authority figures is important. That said, I disagree with Amash on impeachment for the reasons he laid out. I read most of the report myself and while Trump is definitely authoritarian, an idiot, and has done some things he could be convicted of some crimes for, there was no clear obstruction and no collusion proven by the investigation by Mueller's team. I wouldn't cry if the guy got impeached, but I don't think there's cause for it like Amash claims. Bring impeachment against Trump for any number of other reasons. But they won't because the powers that be in Congress don't want to criminalize their war schemes and such because they all have a hand in that, too.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No Duplicate Posts If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
That's my active HOFer
He had a season where he was hitting incredibly well a couple years ago. Nickname came from then and kinda stuck.
I'd be interested in seeing some stats.
Eh. I think they've been pretty damn fair. And they're talking about the game, not other BS like ESPN does.
Nah. I think he was talking about the start of this season that time.
Yeah. Assuming he comes back around the same time, why not?
#X FUCKIN GAVE IT TO EM
Bout time we start getting some of those hits that find small holes, too.
Fuck Gary Sanchez
Because we're not going to be the arbiters of what is and isn't crossing a line of negativity. And I'm not going to ban *all* negativity because it's impractical and fake.
If there's a way to make GDTs more enjoyable to everyone without becoming authoritarian and banning all negativity, I'm down to hear it. Trolls and obvious non-subscribers who engage in bad behavior already get banned.
That was not ideal.
I was saying this earlier. I don't hate the idea.
I don't think it would have happened if Eovaldi stayed healthy. But the surgery and time missed changes things, IMO. This gives him time to re-adjust in the pen instead of starting and fills a big need we have. Kimbrel now would put us over the 2nd salary threshold and we'd lose draft picks.
YouTube accounts, too. Can view videos, but can't access subscription pages and some comment sections.
Go straight to beer instead.
Thanks for that ESPN. Now fuck off.
This is an A-Rod fulfilling prophecy. This is now *actually* the biggest start of Price's career to shut A-Rod the fuck up.
He at least has his moments.
Yeah. The last week or so has been rough for him, but he's still batting .284. And in the last 30 games, it's .303.
ESPN broadcasting from the press box. Good. Maybe they'll focus on the game now instead of playing up a shitty gimmick.
A cigar sounds great right now.
Oh awesome.
Sox ownership decided the London games would be home games, IIRC.
Are they gonna have a nice highlight reel talking about Price's great night after he comes out, too? Or are we gonna hear about how he still hasn't beaten his demons at Yankee Stadium for the 5th time?
#\o/
The team that trades for a player is responsible for that player's full contract unless the trade specifies the original team keeps paying for some of their salary.
#FUCK 👏 THE 👏 YANKEES 👏
Yeah. He's been great at it.
He's got a lot. 29 in 25 IP.
Yeah, but CC's had music and a fancy graphic and showed big moments throughout his outing and during it, they talked about how he was so great tonight.
Hmm. Interesting.
Sure. But at some point, you have to adapt. That's not the case this season.
lol Frazier
Matty V was trying to will that into being a HR.
May have been one of the worst ESPN broadcasts ever last night. And that's saying something.
Yeah. Last year was rough for him. 30-something errors, right? He's way better so far this season. I actually feel confident in his ability when a ball is hit his way.
Multiple times, no less. And they started off saying how the first 6 outs would prove his worth there. Then in the 4th when he got into trouble, *that* one pitch was the most important. It was ridiculous.
I've got an EF 70-200 f/4L. Probably gonna get something a bit longer whenever I actually decide to jump back into wildlife shooting though.
What's annoying is that some of the Trips app features were in Inbox when planning travel. So since they took Inbox away, I was looking at the Trips app for future travel as the next best thing. Now that's going away, too. :/
Seconding this. I wanted one in high school but my mom would never allow it. She hates snakes, for one. But she knew I'd be going to college and there was no way she'd be able to feed and care for it. I assume this is also at least some of the reason OP's parents aren't on board even if they don't admit it.
Definitely makes sense. Though it would be nice if Microsoft or Valimail provided a feature set list for this.
I agree with you 100%. I'm more of a "human element" kind of guy - especially when it comes to balls and strikes. I like that different hitters have different zones and players have to adjust to umpires' zones as long as it's consistent for both teams. But when an ump is *this* bad, there needs to be a system in place to discipline them in a meaningful way so this bullshit stops. The most frustrating part is that a system of evaluating umpires already exists in MLB but they can't do much based on the results because of bullshit drama and the union. I'd like to see the worst umps demoted to AAA and the best AAA umps given a chance to move up.
Not sure what you're expecting with multiplayer. Every Switch game that has online components requires the Switch Online sub to use those online features. No reason Pokemon would be any different. And you can still battle, do raids, and trade with people locally via WiFi without a subscription.
They're in control of the culture and big tech companies.
That was me who asked. Love this so much. She's a beauty!
That's really awesome. Wish I had a shop near me that had that kind of selection.
Beautiful big snake. Thanks for sharing. :)
Office Online applications (e.g. Excel Online) collaboration is faster than the native desktop apps. Syncs between clients shouldn't take 2 full minutes ever though. Longest I've ever seen in the desktop applications was like 10-15 seconds. Online shows it as it happens. You can't expect every feature to be there 1:1 though. That's just part of a pain of moving ecosystems. If you had gone the other direction, there'd be plenty of Excel functions that don't exist in Google, too.
Have you been using the Online apps or the native apps? I'd try using the other ones you're not currently using in your testing and see if that improves your speed at all. If all else fails, open a support ticket with Microsoft.
If you expect consistency from Google, you're gonna have a bad time.
Look. I'm not saying that I'm good luck, but is it really coincidence that the first two ABs of this game I watch end up with a walk and single?
That thread would have been miserable.
I love Brock Holt
Wow. That's pretty rough. Especially for the price they're charging.
I really want one of these, but not sure if I'm gonna grab one yet. I really love my first gen Elite controller. Have had it since near launch with no issues. That Bluetooth, USB-C, and 40 hour battery seem like great additions. Hoping they fixed the bumpers though. They're sometimes hard to press on the 1st gen.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No Duplicate Posts If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
Thanks. Any NSFW links will be marked as such even if only remotely so.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No Duplicate Posts If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
&gt; Is there any chance Ortiz will be medevac to the US soon? Probably not soon. He's in intensive care for the next day or so. I assume they won't want to risk moving him for another day or so after that at least. But I could see him eventually being moved back to the US for extended care. &gt; Also any chance DOJ will move to extradite the shooter? I realize this happened in the DR but as a US citizen the US government can move to file attempted murder chargers against him as well. I think the chances of this are next to zero.
I don't think the league would give approval, honestly.
Fines and/or make the team forfeit if they refuse to change.
Looks like it's happening sooner than I thought. See the latest update to this post above.
I like really salty fries. So that's probably why I like em so much.
Well, I'm here now. Had to go on a beer run.
Wormtown Hopulence and a 6 pack of Sam Adams.
🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪
So many idiots coming out of the woodwork posting conspiracy theories about Papi now using tabloids and shit as sources. Blah.
They're all people who have never posted anything here before. Mostly conspiracy and political junkies from their post history.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No Duplicate Posts If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
Fair enough. It's close enough that most people won't notice or won't fret considering the price difference between the two. And as you said, the Sigma Art colors are amazing. I *do* wish it had weather sealing, though.
Thank God. Now I can cancel the PS4 Preorder I got and get this when it's available. Hoping (and assuming) the PC version CE will have a GOG code in it.
You too!
Darwinzon looks pretty good, all things considered. This is his first start, right? You can't just pull a kid in his first start early and kill his confidence. Angel's strike zone isn't helping him, but he's got good stuff besides some control issues - which I'd say isn't too bad for his first big league stint. Pitch count is way too high, but whatever.
Yeah but everyone has their own way of scoring that may not be easy to discern for other people looking at it.
I should buy a couple books. If I could only buy like two or three for the lore, which ones would you recommend most? (with intentions to buy more later possibly)
Awesome. Thanks for the info. Very helpful.
Same in Boston. Have to be aggressive. Should still use the turn signal, but can't just turn it on and wait for it to be clear or someone to let you in.
In Boston it's called a blinker because it blinks. It's also not used consistently.
Stayed in. Just a weird bounce on the top of the wall.
[](/#badboy)
It wouldn't impact you unless you calibrated your screen and are using a custom ICC profile as a result.
#SCOOPS!
NESN, your poll percentages don't mean shit if you don't tell us the number of replies.
lolno
I don't mod people named /u/cy_kelly, either. Sorry. It's policy.
That's not legal.
Dude. Didn't you know? Wisconsin has [moved past drinking alcohol](https://patch.com/wisconsin/oakcreek/wisconsin-bar-says-theyre-first-vape-alcohol).
NESN camera guy, go home. You're drunk.
ಠ_ಠ
Thank you.
YES!
I should add a Josh Smith flair...
So *that's* why he's a socialist!
I swear if I have to remove one more asinine conspiracy thread, I'm gonna lose it.
# \o/ BROCKSTAR! \o/
**Jackie Bradley Jr's home run was a *barreled ball*. It had an exit velocity of 108 mph, a launch angle of 33 deg, and it went 416 ft.**
[](/#dong)
[💦](/#surprise)
**Michael Chavis' home run was a *barreled ball*. It had an exit velocity of 108 mph, a launch angle of 26 deg, and it went 447 ft.**
[](/#ohno)
Good.
Yeah. That's something I hadn't tried before when I had the steam stones. If I ever do pick them up again, I'll have to give that a try.
Yeah, I've been playing handheld. I don't think there's anything wrong with the game. I just haven't been able to deal with the beat in this game very well.
Yeah. I got that pop up pretty early on. I just can't bring myself to do it. Seems like it defeats the purpose of the game.
It's a shame the libertarian wing of the Republican party never got any real power there.
Also, the dog penis picture was the most upvoted this week. So it had to be the new sub logo. But the sub logo can only be like 40-50 pixels tall without breaking stuff. So I took the dog's eyes and used that.
The only one I own is an Ellsbury one. And I can't wear it for obvious reasons. Sucks because it's also a Fenway 100 Years jersey. I may need to buy another blue one this year. No idea which player though.
Congrats to /u/MichiganSupercars for winning last week's contest!
So many singles.
That wasn't his fault. He was sent.
For sure. But once we get to their bullpen, we should have more chances.
Interference by the runner at first for running outside the lane. Brought the run back to 3rd and called him out at 1st.
I mean, I get it. You want to keep the classic atmosphere. But a lot of clubs have moved away from that with all the big screens, weird sounds after people strike out, and flashy promo videos and such anyway.
Got ejected after blowing up at the umpires when they ruled interference on one of their guys running out at a bunt to 1B.
...what?
Should be two outs, nobody on.
Leon is good defensively, but come on. Vaz has been solid 90% of the season so far. Everyone has mental errors sometimes.
95 mph off the bat for Mookie's triple.
Nice defense there. Crazy contrast to that awful play from a few minutes ago.
Whether or not Chavis touched 3B on his way around to score.
Shame that the boring stuff is usually the stuff on a deadline. lol
I'm so happy for him. And if he wasn't, we'd have a real catcher problem. Swihart was (and still is) a bust. Leon is a great game caller and defensive catcher, but his bat is awful.
Thankfully, photography is mostly just a hobby for me. Work a regular 9-5 office job to pay the bills. ;)
If it is, I agree with you. Fucking hate that rule. Make them throw the pitches. It saves no time at all.
Thank fuck.
Yeah. This is my biggest issue. I'm okay with the design for the most part. I just don't like how colorful it is.
It really does though.
No u
Because they get reported like 15 times every time they're posted and it's annoying as fuck.
The first 3 dungeons take you 10 hours? I think maybe *you're* the one who's bad at games here.
He does have a 6 game hitting streak. So he's *starting* to.
Regardless, I'm just happy to see some sign of life here.
I don't know. But I like it.
I don't think he knew it was dropped at first.
Some good framing behind the plate tonight by Leon.
I guess that's why. His last few outings have been scoreless. Also, Workman pitched last night, didn't he? Would have preferred to see Barnes here though.
The gun range restrictions in MA are insane. Especially compared to a state like NH, AZ, or TX. I went shooting with a friend in Arizona when I visited there a year or so ago. Had fun. Shot some pistols, an AR-15, and a shotgun. Only had to give my ID. Here, I can't even shoot without an instructor unless I have my FID *and* own a gun already.
I mean, I get the reasons why. But Arizona and NH don't require this and AFAIK, they don't have an epidemic of people going to ranges and killing themselves. Plus, MA residents who wanted to do this could just drive a few miles to NH and do it - which doesn't seem to be happening anyway. Seems like a flawed law to me and it really makes it difficult to get into the hobby and learn if you want to be shooting or a gun owner in this State.
Oh for sure. I'm not pretending everything was perfect or that things couldn't have been better. But ultimately, we won the World Series with what is being argued by a lot of baseball fans as one of the best teams in the history of the game.
I love this cover so much.
Last night's Twins jerseys were way better than these ones.
Did you see all the hashtags they (Umpire's Union) used in their Tweet about their initial statement? It was embarrassing as fuck.
No thanks.
Will probably do this, tbh.
She called a shirt a guy in the social stretch a "Guinea Tee" on the air.
She called a tank top a "Guinea Tee" on the air when showing the guy eating out of the mayo jar.
It's a racial word used to refer to Italian Americans.
Okay. For people who are asking so it doesn't have to be repeated a million times: Last night in her social stretch segment, they showed a guy in the stands of another game eating out of a giant jar of mayo. He was wearing a grey tank top shirt. She referred to it as a "Guinea Tee". That's what she said last night.
Star pitcher: *gets hit in the face by a ball taking BP* NL Fans: fUcK tHe Dh
Sick man. Looks like a great time. I need to get to a show soon. Been too long. Gonna see Ghost when they come back through again. Dunno if that's gonna be my next one or if I'll get to one before that.
Don't think so. Not exactly like that. We tend to refer to him as Benny Biceps, Super Benintendo or Benintendo 64 when he does something big.
ಠ_ಠ
Vazquez making every attempt to bail out Shawaryn but he can't help himself.
Aaaand...unclench.
Nothing beyond not injury related.
Nice catch.
Isn't that obvious?
I like the human element. Have to adjust.
That's my catcher.
He's missing his spots. Let's make him pay here.
Might be making us clench here in the GDTs, but you have to admit. Cora has been amazing with putting in the right guys in the right situations this whole series. Pitching has been great.
Just that it's not injury related.
Really rough night for JD. Oof.
I don't know them though.
Also possible the guy has stamina issues.
And then 3 quick outs. Because of course. lol
#HOLY SHIT
Hope Velazquez is okay. Would suck if he had to go back on the IL.
Wow. Definitely out of the box there.
Hmm.
u/nwordcountbot u/jc7264
The AG presented evidence for how it happened. The guy who was ordered to do the hit was sent a single photo of the intended target. The intended target, a friend of David Ortiz, was wearing similar clothing to Papi and apparently had a similar body build. No target name was given to the shooter. They also have evidence that one of the conspirators/intermediaries was kidnapped by the guy who ordered the hit because he didn't want to pay him for getting the wrong target. Sources: * https://twitter.com/Enrique_Rojas1/status/1141478621548339201 * https://twitter.com/MarlyRiveraESPN/status/1141477493507002374 * https://twitter.com/Enrique_Rojas1/status/1141474090227830785 * https://twitter.com/MarlyRiveraESPN/status/1141482061385150465 * https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/27011227/ortiz-not-target-shooting
Do you have a source on the cooperation on the investigation part? That's the only piece I haven't seen from reporters there yet.
I really don't want to hear it anymore, Remy.
I'm all aboard with the Trout hype. He's no question the best player in the league and a once in a generation baseball talent. I get why it's annoying when most baseball news is about him whether he's doing well or poorly but I also understand why that's the case.
We're not.
We scored 3 runs. LOB is only bad when you're not scoring when you have chances. Unless you constantly crush HRs, you're always going to LOB.
That's a pretty good playlist, tbh.
Why would they apologize when The Daily Mail and even our own Boston media decided to run with their story? They got clicks and will continue to get them because people like conspiracy theories. They're trash.
It will take them at least 2 years to build a park in Montreal. They probably won't start playing games there until 2022. I bet they're out of Tampa completely by 2025 and just pay regardless.
Probably because they're unsure if Montreal fans will actually come out for games beyond the initial excitement of having a team back. They don't want to move from one poor attendance city to another.
It's not about landlords being rich. While they do hate the "rich", this is about private property. Socialists think private property is a violation of other people's rights to use that land. So they think anyone who uses their land to profit is committing violence.
If loot boxes are banned, get ready for games to cost $80+ per game or lock gameplay advantages behind pay walls.
We're doing a /r/redsox meetup for this Saturday's game. Some people can't make it and have tickets available. See: https://www.reddit.com/r/redsox/comments/c2k0j6/meetup_information_some_last_minute_tix_available/
Yes. And I think if broadcasts did away with it, there would be far fewer fan complaints about the strike zone, honestly. I'm not convinced all of those are 100% accurate and I think fans get pissed *after* they see the pitch zone on TV most of the time.
The Darkroom is great. I've used them for film for a while now. I still prefer to get the negatives back and scan them myself though.
Porta has such beautiful color. I really should shoot a roll or two of color film again soon. Been mostly shooting Tri-X lately.
Agreed. I use Feathers in my safety razor, too. They're the best.
No one wants to see that.
Thanks to Marissa
This inning was looking so good with two quick outs, too... Come on Rick. Finish them off here so we can get out there and score some runs.
https://imgur.com/a/TtHo4Zs
Remy almost laughed in the middle of that promo after he said the name of the voting round. lol
It'd likely be set to the existing rule in the rulebook. Forget how many seconds it is.
No entries last week.
Anyone who was also in the technical alpha know if there's a client update to go with this beta release?
You have to connect for each machine you install it on. It's like signing in to a website. You have to do it for each different browser you use.
I think the authorization depends on the service you're connected to. But I'm sure it'll get better as time goes on. It's still beta, after all. The connections are sometimes a little rough. My Epic Games one keeps disconnecting for some reason. Still, I think it's pretty good all things considered.
The store in the launcher looks funny and out of date compared to the launcher's UI. Doesn't match at all. Makes me think/hope that the website/store is going to get a UI refresh to match soon.
Cross-chat is coming. Just takes more integration than they have ready.
The old storefront was replaced a long time ago now relative to this kind of development. I mean, I agree with you for the most part, but it needs to be refreshed for Galaxy 2.0.
It overwrites the old Galaxy Launcher install. I don't see how it could mess with local saves though. Galaxy (even with the 2.0 update) is still optional and you can launch games without it being open.
It is, but they're not "official". The connection page in settings groups connections as "official" or "community". The only official ones are GOG and Xbox right now. I have my Steam, Origin, uPlay, Battle.net, Epic Games, Xbox, and Playstation accounts currently connected.
Even if she doesn't *eat*, she might come to investigate when she smells it though. Best of luck!
That's great to hear that people are educated about them there. Makes sense too given the harmful snakes you guys have. I just think it's refreshing to see given that even if it were illegal here, a lot of Americans wouldn't hesitate to kill any snake they see out of fear and ignorance.
Asinine. Thank god for the First Amendment in the US.
I'm still against it, but I can see the logic. If they're going to do it, do it as tax credits over x number of years going forward instead of just giving them cash.
The platform is pretty moderate, as I said. And the LP National is not ever really talking about abolishing huge swaths of the government. Hell, Gary Johnson was pro-EPA. The only time the LP gets negative press in the mainstream is when the extreme factions within the party (who are vocal minorities) do something headline grabbing.
Adding on to this, you can start with your full library of all games, run any amount of filters on it to narrow down the games you want to see, and then bookmark that filtered search results onto the left hand navigation. Pretty handy.
As others said, this is up to the school. They have to pay for each license they apply. My school promises lifetime access to the edu email for all alumni. I graduated 10 years ago and still have access (they moved over to O365 3 years ago or so). But that's not common for most schools.
But those aren't lobsters.
No one is doing that and in no way did my comment imply that (hence the "sometimes"). Everyone has different experiences. But often times, people who are depressed are left to their own devices and fall further down the spiral. Sometimes there's literally *nothing* you can do. But doesn't mean you shouldn't try if you notice a friend in a dark place.
We have a group policy that checks uptimes and if the user's machine has been on for 7 days or longer, they'll get a pop up every 2-3 hours asking them to reboot. A lot of people annoy it, but after a couple weeks, people usually give in.
She's a beauty! I've got a new boa on the way, too.
No e-Cigs are allowed to be sold in San Francisco (once this is signed), nor are online shops allowed to ship them to SF addresses. Cigarettes and marijuana sales remain legal. Ban all the things! So dumb. Also, I really hate that they justify it as protecting children. Just because teens vape isn't a reason to ruin it for adults. I don't vape, but I smoke hookah and I like fruitly flavors. It's like they think once you're over 18 you start disliking fruity flavoring.
Just like with any other kind of prohibition, they're just creating conditions for a black market to thrive.
Even if AS doesn't let them do another season of the show, I really hope we get another Dethklok album. Way past due.
Happens with any large team sub. It's unfortunate, there's also some good content too.
* /r/redsox * /r/baseball * /r/snakes * /r/photography * /r/pcgaming Used to spend a lot of time in /r/centuryclub, too. But haven't frequented there in a while.
Yeah. Same reason I never stayed there. I appreciate the stance they take, but I don't wanna see that crap.
Well, I guess we'll see what comes of this quarantine of T_D. I don't like either sub, but it'd be nice to see Reddit apply the rules consistently.
I think it'll end up being a dungeon maker with different themes like Zelda 1, LttP, ALBW, etc. Throw in enemies from each of the games and iconic weapons? I think people would be happy with it.
Not so sure about that. He's over 5 years old and never exhibited this behavior before at any time of the previous years I've had him. And I keep his temps consistent year round.
That's me.
She's still settling in so I don't want to disturb her too much with a camera, but [here's another with the tail in focus](https://i.imgur.com/gqpHATR.jpg).
I don't mind gacha games as long as they're fair to non-paying players. And if I have enough fun with one, I'll usually drop a few bucks. I'm no whale though. Wouldn't go crazy with it. Some gacha games are really fair with their monetization.
I second the M240. It's a great camera and worth the price to buy a good condition used one.
Oh, no doubt. That's something I stress with my normal boudoir models, too.
Nice. More of this, please.
Stunning. I want a GTP some day. Such beautiful snakes.
That's amazing. Wow.
#ICE. HORSE. #❄🐴
What a game.
Both teams bat around in the first. lmao
12 runs after 1 inning and now a knuckleballer. This is an accurate representation of baseball for Europe. lol
Dave O'Brien.
Nicely turned double play there. God damn, Bogey.
Wow. Great play by Bogaerts there.
I was. Legitimately missed the announcement.
If MLB keeps the balls juiced like this, they might need to give teams a larger pen. This is ridiculous.
I hate the ads on the helmets and jerseys. Really hope that doesn't become a thing across the league. Though, you have to think this is a test for MLB bringing more ads in some way.
The US is a natural cultural exporter. It's kinda what we do. Europe feels very protective of their sports.
I'm with ya. If they *have* to put more ads, do the helmet. But let's be real...they're making a ton of money and don't need to do it at all.
The knuckleball giveth and the knuckleball taketh...
He does this every year. People shouldn't be surprised anymore. lol
There are ads on the helmets and the sleeves of the uniforms. So yeah.
They're playing Sweet Caroline in London. lol
Same.
It's possible. But it's also possible the travel and the different mound and all that played a factor, too.
Not bad.
Fucking turf.
I hate the 3 batter minimum. Stupid rule change.
They were 100% going to bring teams to Europe if fan reception is good. But I think they'll bring teams to Mexico and Latin America before then.
Because I like that each league has slightly different rules and strategies. I don't want the AL to have pitchers hit, but I like things the way they are. Makes baseball and the different leagues unique.
Nice inning E-Rod. Gotta bring him back out to start the 5th. I know he's at 91, but the pen needs rest if it can get it. Just make sure it's a short leash.
"If Cessa makes a mistake on the slider, we could have a tied ball game" A-Rod, are you even fucking watching this game? Your team is behind, not ours.
LOL
We made basically the exact same comment at the same time.
That was a fun segment.
Matty V wanted that one to be gone.
Our entire bullpen has been massively overworked because our starters have had trouble going deep into games all season.
Even if we suck the rest of this season, we've got a good core and a good manager. Boston fans demand success. So we'll turn things around. And you can't win it all every year.
In the OneDrive app, go to Settings-&gt;Backup. From there, you can manage the backup and syncing options and disable you. You likely have the backup enabled - which automatically backs up everything in your Desktop, Documents, a Pictures folders.
That's fine. Just clarifying as it's not the company's official name anymore and they've removed all references to it from their websites.
The Switch's home screen just needs folders and better sorting options. Maybe the option to make the icons smaller (and show more of them at once if you do make them smaller).
He was volunteering as a 'guard'. He wasn't employed by the church or anything. He was a member of the congregation that had firearms training and liked to carry. That's about it.
Not so great. Never had any luck with the apps (e.g. Bumble, Tinder, Hinge, etc.). Figured I wouldn't waste my time with them anymore and moved on to OKCupid, Match and the like. There I did a little better - got some replies and went on maybe 3 dates (over like 5 years). But still hardly get any attention. Even decided to pay for Match to see if it'd make a difference. So far, the answer is no. Almost never get replies to messages I send and hardly ever get anyone even *looking* at my profile. I used Match's service to have a dating coach look at your profile and photos and everything. They told me everything looked great and matched what a successful profile looks like. Doesn't seem to matter though.
The party constantly denounces racism and nationalism of all kinds. But they have outright said they will not prevent certain people from joining the party based on their beliefs.
I thought you weren't replying.
[Hurting your pitching arm because you threw a baseball glove](https://www.bostonherald.com/2018/05/16/red-sox-right-hander-carson-smith-lands-on-disabled-list-after-throwing-glove-in-fit-of-frustration/) is pretty great too.
I don't think you need to go that extreme with it. Baseball isn't the WWE, but it's not golf, either. I think the solution starts with less negativity from the old timers like Smoltz about the modern game, but also includes things like making sure your announcers know what things like WAR are, can explain the game well for newcomers or casual fans (specifically for the national broadcasts), and make sure you have production teams behind the booth that don't force mid-inning interviews or talking about things unrelated to the game while action is going on.
Coco was great. Loved him with us.
More specifically, the further left they are, the less likely they are to support the concept of private property and believe someone else owning and profiting off land is a violation of everyone's common "rights". Far left libs are communists.
I prefer them to the left libertarians that have been gaining traction in the party but I haven't looked into them a ton.
Will save this for later. Thanks.
No thanks. I'm glad he's supposedly seen the light and joined the LP, but given how new he is to the party and movement and that he has run under both the other major parties, I wouldn't want to see him as the LP nominee yet. Show me you mean it for a few years first.
I was all in on the Ouya when it came out. Didn't expect it to become a major console player, but I loved the idea of an Android console like that and backed it. Still have it in a box somewhere. I also wanted nothing to do with Stadia. First, because I trust Google a lot less than I used to and know how often they shut down products. And second, I hate the concept of streaming all my games. I want to own them and be able to mod them, etc. I also didn't like the business model.
Kingdom is a must listen. Check out the EMGtv live version on YouTube. Good stuff.
&gt; According to the indictments, Buskey — who faces 56 charges — is accused of sexually penetrating the teen and forcing him to engage in oral sex, including once at gunpoint. Several of the indictments also allege that Buskey hit the boy, punched him and threw him on a mattress. Holy fuck.
Did people read the article? This is very different than what the Astros were caught doing. Seems to be a continuation of what the Sox did in 2017 that they were punished for. There's no evidence it was an organizational top down scheme. And it's the same thing they were doing under Farrell so the claims that Cora brought this over are wrong. Also it didn't happen during the playoffs. Am I disappointed they didn't stop after being caught in 2017? Of course. Shit sucks and they deserve to be punished. But why didn't MLB have replay rooms guarded during the season? Why only during the playoffs? They knew it was an issue when the Sox and Yankees were both punished for it the year before so why trust an honor system and only start guarding rooms during the playoffs?
But they said it's the same thing they were busted for under Farrell in 2017 and there's no evidence of a wider scheme like the Astros had. Don't get me wrong - they deserve to be punished for it, but from the article it seems unlikely Cora brought this to Boston.
This is the same cheating method they used and were caught using under John Farrell in 2017.
Did you read the article? This is the same thing they got caught doing in 2017 under John Farrell. And it doesn't look like it was organized by the FO or coaches. The article mentions players going to the replay room when runners were on 2nd.
Depends on how much evidence MLB has on him in relation to being one of the masterminds of the Astros' system. This article says this is the same thing the Sox did in 2017 under Farrell so there's currently no evidence Cora brought a cheating scheme with him from Houston.
It's a bad look for Cora for sure. And if evidence comes to light that proves he was the mastermind or he brought a cheating scheme to Boston with him from Houston, I want him gone, too. But this article doesn't claim that's the case at all so far.
Just identify as black then. That works, right?
I'd like to see more people asking questions on posts people make. Would be great if all OPs made an effort like here, but that won't always happen. We have 30k subscribers here. Would love to see more of them participate. :)
Reddit bans communities that don't moderate up to the standards of Federal law. The law says sharing copyrighted material is illegal so mods are expected to remove it when they see it or at least make an effort to do so.
She looks young for sure, but not like 10 or 11 young.
Good. I'd love to see some RF L lenses that I can afford to replace some of my EF L glass.
I agree with the OP here. Even if we trade Price and Eo, if the Sox aren't in it around the trade deadline, other teams who are in the hunt will be willing to give up absurd returns for someone of Mookie's caliber. They won't do it if they're still in it or if it's not a crazy return, but I think the possibility exists.
Purple and Pedo both start with 'P'. Coincidence? I think not.
Anna Kendrick and Emma Stone.
Gaboons are so god damn beautiful.
Can you even fathom that ever happening today?
He said maybe 2024. I love Larry.
They cost over $1000? lol
Johnson would have picked Weld if he had a choice, anyway.
Thanks for the reply! But do you think it will be difficult to convince the general public to go along with that? Especially the people who rely on the welfare state currently? Shouldn't they get the benefits they paid into while phasing things out? I always liked the idea of letting people start to opt out of programs like social security and the like. End new enrollments in programs but phase out to existing users of said programs.
Well, that fucking sucks. #FUCK CANCER
First of all, fuck Shaughnessy. Secondly, I don't see why people think he's lying. It can be true that you want to get under the luxury tax to reset this year *and* are still willing to spend among the top team salaries in the league to remain competitive. His comments earlier this offseason said to me that they want to manage their money better instead of throwing a ton of it after bad contracts and having to pay the price by resetting every couple years. Seems reasonable to me.
Here I am agreeing with a purple LibRight. What a day.
The only downside of this is everyone used the pedo joke as the go to for us now.
Everyone wants a piece of Anarkitty.
FWIW, I didn't downvote you. Definitely open to other thoughts on it.
Should just be a crown on their head.
Okay.
I'm going to vote for the candidate who most closely aligns with my views. If none of them do, I'd rather not vote. LP has been the best in recent years even the times I didn't agree 100% with their positions. Perfectly okay voting *for* the LP candidate the last 3 or 4 elections instead of voting *against* someone.
Do you want housing shortages? Because that's how you get housing shortages. lol
I guess if you need the optical viewfinder. I found the R's to be high enough of a resolution that it doesn't bother me at all. And it has the added benefit of letting me see my exposure before shooting. DSLRs won't be around forever. Canon already said they're done making EF mount lenses and I'm willing to bet the next "5D-type" camera is mirrorless, too.
It's not that I don't think it's not harsh. My issue with it is that it's not enough to be a deterrent for other teams that may be considering cheating.
I want Cora to be punished. The report posted online shows he was involved. He deserves at least as much as Hinch got.
Not with a mirror. The RF mount is closer to the sensor. A DSLR's mirror would get in the way. It's not possible.
They deserve punishment for that reason. But I think it'll be Cora being suspended a year+ and a fine of more than $1MM.
Where all the cool kids hang out.
I'm happy our sub is dealing well and we haven't had too many trolls so far.
$5MM is apparently the most MLB is allowed to fine a club per league bylaws.
Really? I hadn't heard that part. That makes the punishment seem much better.
Read the report. What Cora did in Houston was way beyond just stealing signs. It was a whole system and impressing upon young players that it was right to do. As for what he did in Boston...that's less about him and more about the team itself. We were caught in 2017 and told not to do it again or there'd be severe consequences. We did it again in 2018. Doesn't matter who our manager was. MLB rules are clear that using those replay systems and other unapproved electronic devices to steal signs is illegal.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No brigading or trolling. If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
Hahahahahaha
I think there needs to be an evaluation of the league's bylaws. I don't want the Commissioner to have unlimited power or anything like that, but he should be able to levy a fine of more than $5MM on a team. But man, the article was a good read. Highly recommend it. Kinda shows how Manfred runs things and some behind the scenes stuff.
The 7artisans 50mm f/1.1 is okay. You get what you pay for though. It's basically useless wide open at f/1.1 unless you're going for a really blurry/"dreamy" look. It's not super accurate or great looking unless you really stop it down. The bokeh is real nice on it, though. But you don't need to jump all the way up to the Noct if you're going Leica, either. The Summarit-M line is pretty reasonably priced.
Yeah. I don't mean to trash the lens. I own one and it's okay. But between it's huge size and the weirdness at f/1.1, I don't find myself bringing it out over my Summarit f/2.4 very often. I do sometimes like the effect at f/1.1 though and choose it when I'm trying to get more dof out of a shot.
I feel like the severity of what the Astros did was kinda crazy too. It was more than just using a replay room with a whole plan behind the scenes and masterminds and all that. Plus the report says they did it during the postseason, too. Not that I'm defending the Sox cheating - they deserve to be punished too for continuing to do it after being warned in 2017, too.
The armed forces have always had ads like this designed to make war look cool. I remember some when I was young that were pretty similar.
I love this shot so much. The light is amazing.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No Duplicate Posts If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
I only recall seeing like 2 or 3 people defending Cora or acting immaturely about it and they ended up pretty heavily downvoted for it. I don't think there were any Sox fans who wanted him to stay after reading that report. It was pretty damning.
Still bothers me that Beltran gets out of this scot free.
Same here. I figured they'd use the investigation to find a way to opt out of his contract. Though, maybe the Commissioner's report of the Astros thing gives them enough to do so already.
It wouldn't be a great look for the Mets if they kept him as manager after that report named him specifically helping Cora set up the whole scheme.
Hello, thank you for your post. Unfortunately we had to remove it for the following reason: * No Duplicate Posts If you have any questions about this removal, [contact the mods here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fredsox).
Can you imagine the press conferences?
I love how polite and diplomatic he is.
Reddit will support government rules against anything that mildly inconveniences them.
It's a bad look. I know he's a huge homer, but this is too far even for him.
I've installed it from scratch 4 times and it's been in Japanese every time.
Yeah. This is what I got from this, too. But I do think we'll see delays in the Q&amp;A's because they hint at wanting to put some other Dev Diaries between those Q&amp;A's. I'm expecting mid-March at this point.
So I was a little disappointed with the announcement because Fire Emblem. But after seeing the move set, I'm excited. This is a really cool an unique character. Plus we get both male and female versions. I expected Byleth at some point, but not as the 5th Fighter Pass character - I thought the last one would be another 3rd party character and we'd get Byleth as one of the additional one-off fighters later. But overall, it makes sense given how well FE Three Houses sold and the popularity of the franchise.
Nintendo has always used Smash to promote new games. Fire Emblem is one of the best selling IPs Nintendo has and there's no 3H representation in this game yet. I figured another FE character was coming, though I expected it to be *after* the Fighter Pass characters were done. Regardless, after watching the presentation and demo, this character seems really cool. The move set is very different from any other character in the game with multiple different weapons based on the input you give. It's not just a sword character.
So I was a little disappointed with the announcement because Fire Emblem. But after seeing the move set, I'm excited. This is a really cool an unique character. Plus we get both male and female versions. I expected Byleth at some point, but not as the 5th Fighter Pass character - I thought the last one would be another 3rd party character and we'd get Byleth as one of the additional one-off fighters later. But overall, it makes sense given how well FE Three Houses sold and the popularity of the franchise.
Takes like this have been in the minority among our fans from my experience. But we're a huge market and every fanbase has bad takes like this.
Sure, but they're still valid questions. Just unfortunate that people expect snap reactions. What happened with the Red Sox and Alex Cora wasn't convenient timing, either. They have a fan weekend thing this weekend and Cora was supposed to be there. They're gonna get all kinds of questions even though they just had a press conference the other day, too.
In and out before even managing a single game. Wow.
Thanks. I appreciate that. Especially coming from Yankees fans. As a mod of /r/redsox, I'm proud of our community. Very few bad takes.
I'm glad they recognized that. Feel bad for them though. This isn't their fault. This is Beltran's punishment though.
Better than denying the issue and keeping all those guys employed.
Imagine the press interviews with her as manager. lol
Personally, I'm alright with some left libertarians. We can have a lot in common and find ways to advance liberty. But any AnComs should not be considered libertarian. If you advocate gulags or don't believe in private property, you can't - by definition - be libertarian and I don't want to team up with anyone who would want to jail or kill me because I own a house and want to rent some space in it out as a landlord.
Yeah. People bitch about Goodell and I do think he leans too much towards dictatorial power - which I wouldn't like to see in MLB - but he's a much better commissioner than Manfred is here.
Yeah. Definitely. I did the same a couple years ago and bought an M240. Would love to upgrade to an M10, but that's a long ways off if I do. Still, having a Leica at all is amazing and completely different to shooting with my other cameras.
If I hit the lottery, I'd buy so much Leica gear. A film body, an M10, and a ton of expensive lenses. Love my M240 and Summarit lenses, but would love to have a bit more.
That's so cute.
Can't say I remember that one. Someone should have posted about it on /r/baseball.
As soon as I read MLB's report, I wanted Cora gone and I'm glad the Red Sox fired him. As for the investigation into the Sox, I'll wait and see what the results are. If we're guilty as the rumors say, we deserve to be punished with draft picks and a fine - especially because we were told to stop after 2017. But we'll see. If it *is* true, it's not anywhere close to as bad as what the Astros did and I don't think it taints 2018's WS win for us at all. Taints the 108 win season a little, but we were still a stupidly dominant team that year, it was impossible for us to continue the cheating in the postseason because of MLB's new precautions, and our playoff series' against other great teams weren't nearly as close as the Astros' ones were in 2017.
C1 recommends keeping the catalog under 13k images. Couldn't find anything about size of the catalog though. I recommend using sessions instead of a catalog when going to C1 though, personally. Their catalog support is lacking compared to Lightroom's.
Welcome. We have cookies for $2.99/ea.
Even if this happened though, it would kill all choices and destroy all but a couple tobacco brands probably. And lounges would go away because they wouldn't legally be allowed to sell flavored shisha.
Rob Manfred sucks. Worst Commissioner ever.
They're not "increasing term limits". They're trying to increase the length of a Governor's term.
Yes. The whole point of the EC is to allow Electors to vote for President, not the people. We can argue the merits of the Electoral College itself all we want, but it's the law enshrined in the Constitution. Since that's the case, it should be followed and States shouldn't be able to skirt around that with conditions or fines on Electors who want to vote their conscience. If Electors are forced to vote a certain way, there's no point in having Electors. I know some people would prefer that, but that's cheating the system, not changing it.
This is the best MLB offseason ever. Holy shit.
The Galaxy Buds are way better than I ever expected them to be sound quality-wise. Still not as good as any of my wired IEMs, but pretty damn good when paired with a Samsung phone.
There are ones with better battery life out there, but since I mostly use them while at work, I ended up buying a Qi charging pad that I plugged in at my desk. Every other day or so, I stick the case on the wireless charging pad while listening with the buds.
I really don't get this. Do people really think the fan base is that dumb and short-sighted? I don't. His legacy as a player is cemented. Being a less than stellar coach isn't going to change that.
You act like the Red Sox wouldn't honor this. I bet he talks with them over the next few weeks and they both agree he retires and gets paid anyway.
Seriously.
I'm not saying not to acknowledge it. Just don't want this thread or any about him to devolve into talking about politics instead of baseball. Saying it factors into a HoF decision is a fair point of discussion.
I met Schilling at GDC while 38 Studios was still a thing and he was promoting his games. He was an asshole. Very egotistical and felt like he was better than the rest of the game developers that were there even though he had no experience. Granted, I don't know him super personally and maybe that's just his business personality. But he rubbed me the wrong way. He was real cool when we chatted baseball, though. Still, none of this should matter to the Hall.
I'm in the Boston area and they're all over the place.
I think any ideology that supports self-determination and very small or no government is going to naturally also attract some crazies, conspiracy theorists, etc. Libertarianism isn't mainstream and wants to mostly dismantle the system that those fringe conspiracy theorists think are the reason the world is so fucked. So I'm sure there were plenty of crazies following Ron Paul's campaign but I wouldn't think they were a majority of them.
This is a great way for them to respond to leaked footage. Usually don't hear anything from the studio in question at all or just hear about legal action being taken. But it seems they found a way to be happy and excited that fans are excited about the game. Love it.
Maybe this will lead to more people using it. Sounds good to me.
And yet, these kinds of people see nothing wrong with taxation and growing government - which can only steal from people.
That's how unions work, though. They have to protect everyone. Sometimes, in rare situations like this one, that kind of policy has potential long term negative effects, but it usually works out for them. Plus, the threat also seemed to work in this case - MLB didn't punish any players.
&gt; Hell yes any club would take that deal. 2 years to celebrate and gloat? Not just that, but two years of increased merch and ticket sales/attendance.
Nah. I don't buy that. That last line is meant to say that they're not gonna revoke WS titles but fans will always know it was tainted. And he's right. Look at how many people are already calling the Astros the asterisks. Anytime the 2017 WS comes up in the future, everyone will be talking about this scandal and not how good the Astros were. Those players went from beloved league-wide to hated almost overnight. The issue isn't that MLB didn't take the title away - it's that they didn't do enough to deter future cheating teams. I agree that they don't want a long drawn out investigation or a battle with the MLBPA. And they probably are sweeping a bit under the rug for PR purposes. But I also think that Manfred thinks the punishment was good and fit the crime.
Couple things on this one for feedback: 1. The watch she's wearing is distracting and looks out of place. 2. I like what you were going for in the bottom shot, but it looks a little awkward. Maybe a panty pull shot would have worked better in the same pose as the top one. 3. Cutting off her head makes this framed weird. Step back a tiny bit or zoom in more on her butt. Overall, good first attempt.
wearOS sucks. I ended up with a Garmin Forerunner for when I work out (and sometimes normal daily wear) and a Fossil Hybrid HR as my go to "smart" watch. It's got analog hands with an e-Ink display. Does less than what people think a smartwatch should do, but it does all I need it to and the battery lasts forever.
I tried Beat Saber once at a friend's place and was hooked so I'm definitely getting it. But I hadn't heard of Audica. It's made by Harmonix? Definitely gonna check that out, too then.
Thanks. Always looking for suggestions. Will check it out.
Will do!
Good to know. I'll stick it on my wishlist and keep it in mind then.
Yeah that shouldn't be an issue. Gonna have to see when I get it. But I'm not super worried.
Embrace the helicopters.
Same. As soon as I saw their banter in the show, I wanted something dedicated to that kind of mundane Storm Trooper humor. Just follow a bunch of lowly troopers around an Imperial base. Would be great.
The US House of Reps just introduced a bill to ban ALL flavored tobacco. This includes menthol cigarettes and all hookah tobacco (since there is no unflavored hookah tobacco). It passed committee and is getting a floor vote soon. Progressives support this shit so I expect it'll pass.
As an IT/sysadmin person, I concur. Excel issues are the worst thing to ever have to deal with from an IT perspective.
Yeah. Really. I like that each league has slightly different rules. It's unique and fun.
Cursed
I've still got a Red Sox one lying around here somewhere. Haven't worn it in years.
They got the Boston accent right. So many of these things just sound cringey but this was fantastic.
I'm a nude photographer and I'm pretty sure nothing good would come from me being naked on shoots.
You made some quality posts. Had to include them. :)
I like the creativity of your suggestion, I just think it might be too much micromanaging. Especially in the offseason when not a lot is going on usually. I could see the mods adding a weekly "rumors" thread for those kinds of posts *during the season* when we don't want that stuff clogging up the sub though. That way people can post them all in one place.
Still don't know what our team is fully gonna look like in 2020, but I'm hoping we remain competitive in 2020 and can have a race with you guys for the top of the AL East again.
I would love to knock the Yankees out. But they are a very good team.
Sure, it was nice. But the game aired on cable networks (MLBN and NESN) and the FCC doesn't have jurisdiction over those anyway.
It's still all rumor. But yeah I agree - what we've seen rumored as a package from LA looks better.
I get why they changed it, but that's dumb. It hurts players more. Rusney is still getting paid right now.
There is absolutely no evidence to support this. They're trying to get under the luxury tax this season so they're not gonna hand out any huge contracts right now. Plus, Mookie's counter offer is meant to be the upper limit because that's what it'd take for him to avoid free agency (which he said he's committed to doing out of principle).
His "price" was a negotiating tactic to avoid FA - which is something he doesn't *really* want to do. He's made it clear he's taking a moral stance to help the union and only cares about the contract. In that range of money and years, any club would be stupid to agree to that extension without seeing if they could get him for slightly less or fewer years in the next offseason.
ಠ_ಠ
&gt; You want the Sox to outspend every team 2-3x over? It's not like they're cheap. Seriously. People act like we're bottom of the league in payroll or something. We constantly are top 3 in payroll and still will be even after getting back under the luxury cap this year.
I haven't really swiped often in the last year or two, but I can count on one hand the number of times I've used contactless tapping with any of my cards ever.
Like I said...I didn't do much research on how else it connects since I have a Samsung phone and Samsung's codec is pretty great.
Exactly. They're not going to give up that leverage right now for nothing.
Thankfully, Boston has been pretty peaceful as far as I can tell. A few instances of some bad cops being a bit too aggressive, but nowhere near as bad as the shit I've seen in other cities around the US.
I still send mine out to get developed but when I shoot film, it's almost always black and white so I should just learn to do it myself.
Great sub. Definitely one of my favorites. So of course AHS wants to destroy it. lol
That's awesome they left the profiles up.
Unfortunately, MA's Castle Doctrine law only applies in your home. Doesn't apply in public or any businesses you own and even we you can use it at home, you can't use lethal force in MA to protect your property - only your life. In public, MA is a Duty to Retreat State. So if you were the owner of that Dunkin and you shot a rioter who broke in and was ransacking the place, you'd be charged, go to prison, and lose your LTC - even if they had a gun.
Might be a good defense, but they're still going to charge you because duty to retreat applies and you'll be in for a lengthy court battle. At that point, it's up to a jury on whether you could reasonably retreat or not. I wouldn't bet on getting off, personally.
Hell yes. My favorite Souls-like game ever. Will definitely rebuy on PC if the PC port is good. Would love to play that game above 30 fps.
Even putting aside the local economy and assuming some businesses stay, people will be out of work for a while as things get rebuilt. A lot of insurance plans don't cover riots/looting, also. And even if insurance *does* cover it, it's not going to cover loss of income due to not being able to work - only the cost of the things destroyed/stolen. So the business owner still gets fucked in the best case scenario and may not be able to pay their bills.
I'm not trying to shit on it. It was nice enough when I visited. Just really damn small.
Well, it has autofocus. But it restricts you in not having an interchangeable lens system. I'm honestly not sure I'd recommend Leica for a first camera. It's very different. Personally, I'm glad I learned the fundamentals on a different system.
I haven't done much curbside pickup since the pandemic started. If I did, I probably would. Never did before the pandemic though. Always tip my delivery driver for food deliveries though.
lol okay buddy
No. They're against the sub's rules. And if we leave them up and it leads to others doxxing or bashing them, we could get in trouble fr Reddit.
No entries last week.
All the snakes I shoot with are my own so it's difficult to get them to stay still when I don't have anyone experienced in handling them to help.
Normal probiotics did nothing for me. I looked into ones that seemed to do well for UC sufferers and found Visbiome. Been taking it for a month and a half now and honestly have noticed zero improvement in my symptoms when taking it with my normal medication (Mesalamine) compared to *only* my medication. I won't continue taking it once my current supply runs out. Expensive with zero benefit.
I wonder if you go through the Colonel of the MSP what your chances of getting an unrestricted LTC are.
Track titles: &gt; 1. Pursuing My True Self 2. Aria of the Soul 3. Your Affection 4. Who's There 5. Reach Out To The Truth (instrumental) 6. Junes Theme 7. Never More 8. Time To Make History 9. Shadow World
Congrats to /u/sherif_hanna for winning last week's contest!
This was my thought too. Lots of TV news anchors, pro athletes, and politicians would have some embarrassing times.
Players' Union wanted this because more money and another player spot on all NL teams. MLB wants expanded playoffs because more money for them. So if this and the expanded playoffs thing is true, both sides get something they want and can make permanent without fighting during CBA negotiations.
It benefits the players because it means 15 clubs now have another paid player on their roster. And if you want to get the most out of that position, you need to pay for a big contact bat or something similar.
Lots of guys on the Sox do amazing charity work, but while Holt was here, he really went above and beyond to help kids like your godson. It's part of why he's been so loved here. Sorry to hear about the diagnosis. Hope he's doing okay.
It is. The players have wanted it for a while (with some obvious outliers). MLB putting it in this agreement is a concession to them in order to get expanded playoffs.
Yeah really. Players want the DH in the NL. The Union has tried to fight for it before, IIRC. That piece is a concession to the players in return for the expanded playoffs. Both sides should be happy with that trade.
It most definitely won't go away. Player's don't care and owners want it for increased revenue...
The more platforms the better. I'd love to see Atlus grow the Persona IP more so it's not stuck on one console. I'd also love a P4G Switch port. Then hopefully after this we get a P3 port that merges the best of FES and Portable.
I wish I could do that here. BLM doesn't own any land in Massachusetts. And this State won't let you shoot in State parks/forests. It's illegal to carry a firearm in the woods even if you have an unrestricted license to carry.
Won't happen. Also, Persona 4 has Denuvo DRM.
Not uncommon, apparently: https://nypost.com/2019/06/21/a-third-of-women-only-date-men-because-of-the-free-food-study/
Makes sense. They haven't really been able to be super successful. Gacha games are where the money is at and you could tell from their Gacha offerings they didn't want to fully commit to that model. As an investor I'm a bit disappointed given the size of the mobile gaming market, but as a Nintendo fan, I'm not too bothered by this if it means more focus on the Switch.
Yep. There are a couple advisories right now. Also one for admins not being able to modify Teams meetings policies.
&gt; And I’m curious: I know many people on this sub were on the fence and were holding out for certain features. Now that iOS 14 has added a lot of these Android features, what are your thoughts? Still would need the ability to set default apps for things like messaging, maps, email, etc., better 3rd party keyboard support, a better notification system, and the ability to use a web browser that's not just a Safari re-skin before I actually considered switching. There are some other things I'd prefer it have, but they aren't *must haves*. Like being able to connect to my PC and transfer files like Android, more visibility into the file system for managing downloads and files, USB-C, etc.
Sure. But it's exacerbated by Apple's requirement that all browsers on iOS repackage Webkit. On Android, I have choice and use multiple browsers.
Yep. This is my answer, too. If I could only shoot with one lens for the rest of my life, it'd be this one.
They're basing it off the source material which has a lot of slang and dialog like what you're hearing here.
For sure. I hope my 2080 can handle it. I wasn't really interested in the resolution cost with RTX until I saw what DLSS 2.0 could do.
Same. I have a 2080 and want to be able to use RTX at 1440p. But DLSS 2.0 looks like it might help out a lot here. Excited to see what my card can do with this game at release.
I haven't had this exact issue (though I haven't tested) but I am having an issue where video on my secondary screen just doesn't work if I move it from my primary to the secondary display. Using the Win10 Netflix app, the whole screen goes black when I move it over. Used to work before the driver update just fine.
Beautiful snake. How old?
Yeah for sure. I figured as much and I wouldn't consider owning a venomous snake without sourcing AV first. Just curious about the process beyond that because it is something I'm somewhat interested in for the future.
I really doubt that's the case given the Red Sox announced they're allowing broadcast teams in Fenway to do games. Seems to be a decision made by NESN.
I still randomly get diarrhea with my UC and that's with it mostly under control with my mesalamine. There are just random days where my stomach is just not in a good place but it passes. But back when I was just diagnosed and trying to get things under control, it took a couple months before my BMs returned to "normal".
She's been active in the Libertarian Party for a long time. She was the party's VP candidate in 1996, too.
we must be molded by it
Yes. He was the play by play guy before Don Orsillo.
Seriously. Sad to see the guy decline like he did. Really loved watching him pitch on the Sox.
I'm gonna go corpo for my first play through. Then probably Nomad for NG+ if you can change your origin for that.
