BitPay is an exchange/processing company. Fees notwithstanding, I would strongly suggest getting your own offline wallet, a wallet where you control the private keys. Electrum is free to download and allows you to set fees yourself. Other choices here are listed and explained: https://bitcoin.org/en/choose-your-wallet
&gt; not every "fish out of water in a staid, conventional, unimaginative environment" is a sleazy con artist We're not talking about *every* fish out of water. We're talking about *Jimmy* who has been conning people since he was a teen, and who has always had an innate liking for flashy clothes and accoutrements. The bible? I don't know - never read it.
Collectively we are all "he;" individually we are "he" or "she" as the case may be. Even in the 21st century.
No, but I would consider "he" to be an appropriate means of referring to any member of a group that included Angelina Jolie, Ruby, Sam, Susan, Charles, and Tomas. Individually I am a "she;" collectively I am a "he."
^ Best description I've read so far!
&gt; we stopped using gendered pronouns to apply to humans decades ago You need a refresher course in English grammar, or for that matter in the grammatical use of almost every other language spoken today.
Does this exchange require photo ID to purchase bitcoin with a credit card? (Do they allow the use of a credit card?)
For myself I regarded Coinbase as a necessary evil until their invasion of my privacy became so onerous that I left them. I would far prefer LocalBitcoin or a BTC ATM and will be checking into these options when the weather improves, but in the meantime I might use a less restrictive exchange to buy bitcoin, if Bisq turns out to be that. But "decentralized exchange" is pretty much an oxymoron.
A photo of yourself is quite different from a scanned photo ID, like, for instance, a drivers license.
Thank you. I appreciate the info, but guess it won't work for me unfortunately.
That's funny! I completely missed this but will watch for it now.
Well all the Cinnabon Gene scenes are post BB, and the writers have said that they plan to visit this era a lot more before they are done. I think that Jesse would be the most likely character from BB to cross paths with Gene.
You can pick a vendor who asks for less details. Many only require a drivers license for larger purchases.
You're not alone in your difficulties with, and complaints about, Coinbase. They are disliked by many. However I have never heard of a credit card company refusing to allow a payment for a bitcoin hardware wallet. You might look into a credit card from a credit union. I've never had a problem with using my CU card for bitcoin, and bitcoin-related, purchases. Banks are becoming very hostile toward Bitcoin because it poses a threat to them. Another suggestion would be sending a money order as payment for your hardware wallet, if they allow this. I'm sorry that you are encountering all these problems.
I did business with them for the better part of a year, went through the difficult and complicated verification process, and then, all of a sudden, they wanted a photo ID. Well that won't be happening. When I didn't submit a photo ID they suspended my account. My story is pretty typical. The photo ID requirement is likely a new policy that they have recently implemented. I plan to try my luck with LocalBitcoin and travel to the nearest Bitcoin ATM this summer. If these pan out I will be deleting my Coinbase account. Others have reported their banks (mostly large banks like Bank of America) have stopped payments to Coinbase. Some of these people have said that a conversation with their bank lifted this hold on Coinbase transactions when they verified that they had authorized it, so you should probably try this. Good luck! I know how frustrating this can be.
Now hopefully we'll get a few covert shots of them filming to tide us over until September.
It is believed that Dan the Pill Man will become the "Danny" of Laser Tag fame.
When I have purchased from small online sellers, the seller usually sent me an email which said "please send (amount of bitcoin, for instance: 0.0023 BTC) to this address (for instance: 1NTSsZdbHZXU4xLHEBr4YYgz5thWdqgp)" After the bitcoin hit the seller's wallet, I was emailed a receipt. You could ask online customers to email you, specifying the item that they would like to buy, as you suggested. Best option is to list the item price in the currency of your country on your web page. Then when you receive an email from a customer who would like to buy the item, use a calculator like this one to determine the equivilent price in bitcoin at the time: https://www.coindesk.com/calculator/ and send them an email like the one I described above. When the bitcoin has arrived at your address you can email a receipt to them, and when the bitcoin transaction has accumulated 6 confirmations on the blockchain, you can package up and send the item.
Also they set the stage for Dan to have an interest in gimmicky technology by showing him playing a game on an electronic gadget in the car when he was waiting to meet with Mike, and in the elaborate (although not particularly effective) security system he had installed at his home.
I remember at least one previous thread where a number of people expressed a belief in this theory. I think at the time I was either on the fence or didn't believe it myself, but scenes from season 3 look like the plot is heading that way. Maybe I'll search for it later if I have time.
These are the threads I found: https://www.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/479s9t/prediction_pryce_playuh_will_be_danny_the_laser/ https://www.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/6a392r/theory_daniel_wormald_the_it_guy_gone_drug_dealer/ https://www.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/6gln4x/baseball_cards_guy/
It probably depends on the CU, but most tend to be better than the big banks. Some people have had luck contacting their bank and affirming that they have authorized payments to an exchange.
Copper doesn't fade, and you can deal with scratches by applying a new coat of resin.
That sounds like a pain. Good luck if you do withdraw.
That percentage of the population do not live in cities. I'm guessing that those residing in suburbs are probably grouped as city dwellers, but it is not the same as living in an inner city, two blocks from conveniences and public transportation.
I left Coinbase because of this requirement. When I first began using Coinbase about 8 months ago there was no such requirement for credit card users. I don't feel comfortable uploading a drivers license either.
In the 50's, 60's, and thru the 80's, it was a much fairer world.
I'm not rich and I don't want to be. What I don't want is to be poor, and I have an equal desire for no one else to be poor.
It was the removal of anti-trust laws that used to break up monopolies, empowering corporate giants with the wrong-headed 'Citizens United' Supreme Court decision, and all the recent de-regulatory measures that both political parties have foisted on us, that caused Capitalism to fail. Before these safeguards were removed, the system worked well for the majority of Americans.
Who knew? I learn new stuff from this show all the time.
One and the same, most likely.
I was there. If you doubt my words, find your own citation. The income gap that we have today was not previously seen in this country since the Great Depression.
We had a free press that reported on the war in all its horrificness every night on the six o'clock news, and helped to sway public opinion to bring Vietnam to a close. We had LIFE magazine's bigger than life color photographs depicting civil rights violations, lynchings, etc in the south. We had books written that painted a graphic picture - "Black Like Me" was required high school reading in the 60's. Newpapers reported fact-based stories and were required to print opposing views. Because there was not the noise of the internet and cell phones, these media sources had a greater impact than the drivel that passes as news today.
If they named a coffee shop "Gale's Place" I'd be more apt to go there. He knew how to make coffee! Also the pastries and sandwiches served there would be sure to be organic and fair trade.
Send $200 to your Grandma and the $9 fee doesn't seem so significant. FYI the value of Bitcoin at the time you placed your order is what you pay, and checkout is instantaneous as soon as your BTC hits the sellers wallet. Most trx take less than 6 hrs to accumulate 6 confirmations, and your merchandise is typically shipped out the next day, no later than a credit card order. Sounds like you haven't sent much bitcoin to your Grandma or paid for any online orders with bitcoin.
It starts in September 2018. Downvote? Seriously? http://www.goldderby.com/article/2017/better-call-saul-2018-exclusive/
I live in Vermont, and much of our electricity comes from Canadian hydro-power (and a lot from in-state solar).
I'd like to think he was wrong, but he was no dummy so he's probably right. Most people don't want to be their own bank - witness the massive numbers of people storing their BTC on exchanges. Autonomy doesn't matter to them. However it won't prevent me from being one of those rare individuals who transacts Bitcoin based purchases, so there is that. I'm not in a majority now and I probably won't be then.
From one democratic socialist to another, yes (to your post).
off its throne
That's logic talking. Guilt is not always based in logic
I am in it for autonomy. (If I were a trillionaire I would not buy a stupid car that costs more to buy than my house. Sticking with my KIA.)
I believe newegg does accept bitcoin payments.
Perhaps a store manager who wants to acquire some bitcoin. This would be easy: accept bitcoin to his own wallet for payment from the customers, and then put Canadian dollars from his own pocket into the cash register to actually pay for the meals.
I thought the same thing.
Thanks for the reminder. I just deleted my account as well. CB was my entry point into Bitcoin also, and for awhile I was happy buying BTC from them and sending it to my wallet. Then they began asking for a scanned photo ID after 8 months of doing business with them. When I refused they wouldn't let me sign in to my account, so I was unable even to close my account with them. I tried again tonight after being reminded by your post, and for the first time in several weeks was able to get in without being dunned for a scan of my drivers license. I hesitated for a brief moment, wondering if I should take advantage of the situation to make a final last buy of BTC, but was afraid the demand screen would appear again, so I just summarily deleted my account. It is a relief. I was increasingly upset with them for having all my credit card information while effectively barring me from signing in even to close my account with them.
Coinbase has *many* shortcomings, but attacking Bitcoin in a Roger Ver manner, isn't one of them.
Corporate! LOL! You don't know much about Bitcoin, do you?
There is an interesting moral code held by Mike, Gus, and Saul, which is that anyone "in the game" has taken on the risks and, if they end up dead, it was all part of the game, and they assumed those risks when they entered the drug/criminal "game." However if a person is "not in the game" then they are afforded the same rights and considerations of any innocent fellow human. Witness Mike taking steps to find the body of the "good Samaritan" who untied the truck driver, Gus' protectiveness of the employees at his chicken restaurants, and Saul's outrage at the poisoning of a child.
I'm not familiar with hardware wallets, so you could be right. I assumed that any software or hardware wallet could be used to sweep a paper wallet. I had better let someone else answer your question. Sorry not to be more help.
&gt; FDIC does not insure all banks and exchanges, only those who are compliant with all of their regulations as officially registered financial institutions. Compliance with FDIC regulations is required for any exchange that holds fiat for its customers. Coinbase is not unique in this respect. You are very much mistaken about Coinbase's insurance on crypto. That insurance is essentially employee liability insurance. If the exchange is hacked, and it is not the fault of negligence of CB's employee(s), you have lost your crypto. This is precisely why there are so many warnings on this sub and others about the dangers of storing crypto on an exchange. Look up Mt Gox. Coinbase is the next Mt Gox just waiting to happen.
The only thing that would cause a child to be picked on would be the parents of other children conveying to their offspring that it is acceptable or expected to tease another child because of an unconventional name, or any other difference from the status quo. Children raised in a home where diversity is valued and respected do not tease other children. I went to school with a girl named Pall Mall. She was popular, sociable, and never "given a hard time" by anyone that I ever witnessed. While I would never name a child after money or a brand of cigarettes, I find it sad that some people cannot think outside the box and want to give their child a unique and original name. It would be a boring world if everyone thought as you do. BTW the USA does have a prohibition against giving a child a clearly derogatory name. You could not name your offspring "Stupid Idiot" or "Shit-For-Brains" for instance.
You mean reality like bigots who used to express their disapproval at mixed race couples marrying because "the children might be picked on," when it was their own racist attitude most likely to cause their own children to be the bullies? One can make up a million excuses why children might be victimized, but it isn't a name or a color or style of clothing or anything else; it is parental attitudes that overwhelmingly are to blame.
&gt; I would also mention Cops aren't protected under the code Good point. All good points in fact.
Well we now know he ends up at the emergency room and is well enough to walk out and take a taxi home. Wonder why he was called back in... perhaps a problem with his legal name on the medical paperwork? Thanks for posting. I'll take all the little nuggets I can get between now and September.
That's true. I hadn't thought of that.
An onlooker's cell phone video is in color.
You're not alone. I wouldn't mind seeing *some* of Saul's life in the Breaking Bad era, from his point of view, but I think *less* of BB would be *more*. After we witness the metamorphosis of Jimmy to Saul, I'd prefer a reversal where the Gene story is the main story-line, with BB flashbacks inserted.
Don't you mean rogue?
Thank you for this explanation.
I'm a mathematical idiot, but the whitepaper helped me to understand the concept of Bitcoin.
ok that's funny
I agree that Chuck lacked visible warmth in that flashback, in contrast to young Jimmy who is worried about the well-being of the heroine in the book. I think in the very early days, Chuck did have affection for Jimmy, but couldn't express emotion very well. One of the writers said in "Talking Saul" that Chuck had thought that Jimmy was "awesome" when he was a baby. Also when a grownup Chuck and Jimmy were talking in the episode entitled "Mabel," Jimmy recalled that "Mom read the book to me," and Chuck replied "*I* read it to you." Then Chuck added in a disappointed/hurt tone, "You don't remember." And in that same episode Chuck forgets himself momentarily and reminisces (with a nostalgic happiness) with his brother about the weird night light that Jimmy had as a young child, before recalling that he is angry with Jimmy and breaking off the conversation.
It's still more or less in the experimental stages, but it shows great promise. Keep your fingers crossed.
Glad they got you out. That's some scary shit.
SPOILER ALERT FOR BB: "Hilarious" is not a term I'd use to describe Tuco, but to each their own. Tuco needs to be in prison for Skinny Pete to meet him there, and to recommend him to Walt as a potential distributor of the blue meth.
Danny is a nickname for Daniel is all he said. True statement. Whether or not it is *THE* Danny remains to be seen, but is seeming likely.
I like a wide range. These are just some: Blade Runner Lost In Translation This Property is Condemned Streets of Fire Eddie and the Cruisers Bubble A Sunday in the Country K-Pax Eraserhead Blue Velvet The Machinist Ryan's Daughter Dr. Zhivago Far From the Madding Crowd Fahrenheit 451 Flashdance Carousel Chilly Scenes of Winter (before they switched out the ending) Prancer Bambi Barfly Le Roi De Coeur Thelma and Louise The Road Warrior Afterglow Casablanca Dark City Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind Final Fantasy, The Spirits Within Firefly Gone With The Wind Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978 version) Melancholia People vs Larry Flynt Silkwood Tess (1980 version) The Full Monty Best In Show Blood Simple Burn After Reading Darling Dog Day Afternoon Fargo Her Local Hero Lord Love A Duck Smilla's Sense of Snow Sunshine State Taking Woodstock
Vermont. We have local fire and ambulance services here. Perhaps 911 would dispatch fire or paramedics if asked, but typically people use that number for police emergencies.
My feeling is that Chuck was no longer capable of planning his own suicide, but was nearly catatonic, and kicking the table to make the lantern fall was all he could manage at the end. HOWEVER if he were able to engineer his own suicide, he might have also wanted his destroyed house to burn in order to hide the evidence of his own insanity in tearing the walls apart. Because, as you've said, Chuck was intensely prideful.
'A' for effort.
He had a health problem but it was fixed. Surgery was successful.
Beautiful! Perfect.
With or without them, it's lovely. You are very talented.
That is impressive! Very nice work.
I love that line and its delivery. Kevin just sits there while Paige and Chuck are arguing back and forth, and then utters this. It's perfect!
Chuck to Jimmy (after the big reveal of how he had been screwing his younger brother over for months while Jimmy had been tirelessly caring for him): "You're not a real lawyer." What goes around comes around. Too bad for you, Chuck; I don't feel the slightest bit of sympathy.
They should have followed the oft-given wisdom to not buy more Bitcoin than they could comfortably afford to lose. They will not be bleeding money unless they convert Bitcoin back to fiat when BTC's fiat value is lower than when they purchased it. My point is that the value of Bitcoin is steadily rising, has been from the beginning, and if all it represents to someone is a fiat investment, patience will result in gains. For those of us who believe in Bitcoin, it is a currency and a means to autonomy, not an monetary investment. It is an investment in the future, not a get-rich scheme.
It's not going to happen overnight. You need to learn patience.
That is the reason for the oft repeated caveat "Don't buy more than you can easily afford to lose."
Dolores clearly shared your sentiments after re-programming Teddy. It was a necessity but it left her with regrets.
Now that is a creative response!
In what we saw of the filming of that scene, Gene walks out of the hospital toward a waiting cab. What he told anyone while in the emergency room is anyone's guess.
Same here. Never knew this. Crazy! Thanks for the info.
If you would like sources, here are mine. (I note that you did not provide any sources for your own citations.) It is worth noting that the terms, "psychopath" and "sociopath" are layman's terms, and as such are likely to have morphed over time. Psychiatry refers to both as varieties of *Antisocial Personality Disorder*. https://www.webmd.com/mental-health/features/sociopath-psychopath-difference#1 "A psychopath doesn’t have a conscience. If he lies to you so he can steal your money, he won’t feel any moral qualms, though he may pretend to. He may observe others and then act the way they do so he’s not “found out,” Tompkins says. A sociopath typically has a conscience, but it’s weak. He may know that taking your money is wrong, and he might feel some guilt or remorse, but that won’t stop his behavior." ...Recent research suggests a psychopath’s brain is not like other people’s. It may have physical differences that make it hard for the person to identify with someone else’s distress. Page 418; "Criminal Behavior, A Psychosocial Approach" 4th edition; Curt Bartol "Sociopath: A person who is *repetitively* in conflict with the law, apparently with very limited capacity to learn from past experience. To be distinguished from a primary psychopath." https://www.healthyplace.com/personality-disorders/psychopath/psychopath-vs-sociopath-what-s-the-difference "THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A PSYCHOPATH AND SOCIOPATH While the traits of each may seem similar, it is thought that sociopaths have a less severe form of lack of empathy and lack of guilt. It is thought that sociopaths may be able to form some deep bonds (such as, possibly, with family) while a psychopath cannot (Can Psychopaths Love, Cry and Experience Joy?). Moreover, while a sociopath would feel no guilt about hurting a stranger, they may feel guilt and remorse over hurting someone with which they share a bond."
I loved that one too. The contrast between Mike and his little granddaughter making a "soaker hose for the rhododendrons," and Mike out in the desert pulling the hose-turned-spike-strip across the road is priceless. (It may have spanned two episodes, but I think of it as a single sequence.)
I've been thinking about the likelihood of Jimm/Saul/Gene developing an illness like Chuck's. One thing that caused Chuck's illness to surface, I think, is that Chuck repressed all his feelings about resentment over his parents favoritism of Jimmy, Rebecca divorcing him, and other emotional blows. Jimmy, on the other hand, wears his heart on his sleeve more or less, so perhaps his non-repressive personality may save him from Chuck's fate.
Badger was "in the game" while innocent Brock was not. World of difference.
He looks like he's a part of that flower! Brilliant camouflage.
Lalo didn't appear in BB. His name was mentioned, but that was all. I'd love to see Gale!
That's a shame. I'd love to see him return. Maybe the BCS makeup dept could "young him down."
True, but as was said on BB, it probably took Gus years to find Gale, and then to fund his education and eventually hire him. We might see Gale as a student majoring in chemistry.
Hector is the one who would like to kill Gus, but he can't because retribution would come swiftly from both Eladio and Gus' men.
Apart from the hypocrisy of Chuck the supposed stickler for rules' illegal use of the mailbox always struck me as illogical. Why not have Jimmy place a box on a pole specifically for cell phones along the walkway somewhere between the street and the house? Apart from being a federal crime to use a mailbox for this purpose, the logistics would be problematic. Strangers, or at least the mail carrier, would have access to cell phones, car keys, or wristwatches left there. I wouldn't leave anything of value in a box by the side of the road, even if it weren't illegal to do so.
The intent is also that only two parties should have access to a mailbox, the mail carrier and the home owner/resident.
Gus has become Eladio's "golden boy" with his enormous shrink-wrapped blocks of cash. Eladio certainly doesn't want to kill him.
I think you should re-read the statute which has been posted above (and below). Security is also a prime element of this law. "The U.S. Postal Service would like to warn people that only authorized U.S. Postal Service delivery personnel are allowed to place items in a mailbox. By law, a mailbox is intended only for receipt of postage-paid U.S. Mail.........we hope that the great majority of the public would agree that restricting mailboxes to U.S. Mail not only ensures customers receive their mail, but it also increases the security of the service."" https://about.usps.com/news/state-releases/tx/2010/tx_2010_0909.htm
Ah, I didn't remember that.
Looks like this thread is being spammed by autobot.
Someone needs to disable this spamming bot. Just saying.
Kim said as much when she described how Jimmy "just snapped" when, after caring for his brother for a year, Chuck betrayed him. "Wouldn't you (snap)? .... I might have."
BCS S1-3 (a 3-way tie) BB S1 (especially the pilot episode) BB S2 (specifically the BCS episode) BB S5
&gt; They literally negotiated with the prosecutor and Chuck and Howard at the signing table where the prosecutor extracted the apology from Jimmy That was not a negotiation. It was a *hearing* to finalize the PPD agreement.
You have much to learn about the US Criminal Justice system, my friend. (I have a degree in the subject from a state college. What are your qualifications? You know a guy who knows a guy?)
A large part of Chuck's illness was caused by his compulsion to micromanage people who did not want to be controlled, specifically his wife and Jimmy. Rebecca leaving him would have been a huge blow, and Jimmy becoming a lawyer and invading a province that had been Chuck's alone (the law) added to Chuck's anxiety. I tend to think that Jimmy was more of a trigger than the divorce, but certainly both were major factors. One of my biggest hopes for Season 4 is that we get to see Chuck go off the rails for the first time, in a flashback.
For some of us Bitcoin is about autonomy. You do not have a window into my mind.
A hard fork is not an upgrade, it is a new crypto-currency. It may gain consensus and become the dominant crypto, but it will never be Bitcoin. BitcoinTalk and r/Bitcoin are forums devoted to the subject of Bitcoin so it is reasonable for moderators to disallow discussions of other cryptos. Proponents of BitcoinCash or any other forked coin are free to create a forum(s) devoted to their own coin.
Even the least techy average person in the late 1970's and 1980's knew how to splice tape, copy, record, and rewind tape onto a new cassette. Literally everyone had a cassette player in their car or home or both, and a collection of tapes. Video and audio tape cassettes were as commonplace back in the day as are cell phones today. Certainly court officials and lawyers were familiar with cassettes, how they worked, and what it would take to damage or destroy one.
I've reclaimed tape segments that had been damaged in equal or worse ways. One was chewed by a puppy or cat (don't know which, could have been either) and except for a couple glitches, it still played. The cassette case wasn't damaged but it would have made no difference. Back then they sold replacement plastic cassette cases everywhere, even in the grocery store, along with tape cleaners and blank tape cassettes, and even 10 year old kids knew how to rewind tape onto a cassette with the simple use of a pencil. You could splice two sections of tape using ordinary scotch tape. You could iron tape on low heat to remove wrinkles. The thing to realize about the era of cassette tapes is that, while the underlying technology for creating these recording devices was beyond a layman's grasp, repairing and rewinding tapes onto cassette boxes was more mechanical in nature than technological and everyone in the 1970's and 80's had the required know-how. Chuck might not have been capable of rewinding anything, but the ADA, the lawyers, and members of the bar (rational individuals) should surely have questioned the "destruction" of the tape. I guess the point was to try to paint Jimmy's actions as an attempt to destroy evidence, but if that had been the case, he should have tried harder.
Tuco was Krazy-8's boss. Tuco worked directly under his uncle, Hector Salamanca. Tuco was the successor of Krazy-8 only in the sense that Walt and Jesse briefly used him as a distributor after they killed Krazy-8, but Krazy-8 was never more than a low-level distributor as far as we know so far.
Perhaps she misses him, as he does her. Time can sometimes heal even very deep wounds. Or... perhaps their reunion is bittersweet. They meet after many years but do not reunite as a couple. All sorts of ways they might meet again, but the idea that Kim is with him during the Saul Goodman years is not realistic. The writers have said as much.
Right now I think BCS is more of a cult thing with appeal for a small number of niche viewers. But that's how Star Trek began too. Popularity on a larger scale could come with time.
I always thought it was illogical for the Kettlemans to immediately take the money from the toy truck and put it with the rest of their stash, without any idea who was operating the radio-controlled truck. Well I guess they might surmise it was Jimmy, but sane people would have called Jimmy to ascertain this, and at least shut off the lights in their glass house before carting the money upstairs. However these are the Kettlemans, and logic and the Kettlemans, even on a good day, are miles apart.
Rebecca cares about Chuck.
Records of the phone call to the power company where Chuck says that he has shut off all the breakers and requests that they send someone out to find the appliance that is still drawing power will pretty much clinch the fact that his illness had returned.
Kim isn't with Jimmy every moment of his waking hours. She doesn't know who Jimmy might have seen or spoken to.
True.
Ernesto mugs, is this actually a thing? (Poor Ernie!)
I didn't remember that, so it does sound like Krazy-8 moved up in rank. It seems Krazy-8 took Nacho's place which is interesting by itself. I wonder what became of Nacho?? That will be interesting to see - hopefully in the upcoming season. Tuco, being a blood relative of Hector, would have re-assumed his rightful place as second in command upon his release from prison. Hector was filling in for Tuco during Tuco's incarceration, while Nacho remained third in command.
&gt; the extreme lack of empathy for Skylar always confused me The situation she found herself in sucked, it's true, but she was the sort of shallow, superficial person I avoid in real life. Her complete lack of understanding about her husband's frustration at being trapped in a dead-end teaching job and his resentment at seeing his former partners gaining fame and wealth from technology he had created and sold to them for a song convinced me that Skyler was stupid. She did have more brains than Walt when it came to keeping a low profile, but that alone wasn't enough to make me like her. The one time that she elicited some kind of admiration for me was when she eluded Hank at the restaurant by creating a public scene ("Am I under arrest!"). Walt obviously was a worse player and destroyed lives of all those around him. Most of the BB characters ranged from annoying (Skyler, her sister, Hank, Jesse much of the time, etc) to seriously malevolent. On edit I would add Mike and Jane's father to my list of persons I liked and could empathize with... and look how it turned out for them. Mike is the one character whose end seemed truly tragic.
She could have put herself in his place. That is why I dislike her, because she was incapable of doing that, and because to her, taking charity from the Schwartz's would be perfectly acceptable. I didn't hate Skyler as some did, but her shallowness didn't win any points with me either.
Maybe Nacho. Kim is not going to die in this series. There will be a meeting of Kim and Gene in Omaha near the end of the series, but neither Gene nor Kim is going to die. It would just make no sense.
True. We don't often get to see Jimmy truly happy, but working with Chuck on Sandpiper was one of two times, the other being doing elder law at the office he later shares with Kim. (Chuck, the buzz kill, is always dashing Jimmy's happiness to bits.)
It was a temporary emergency guardianship (TEG). It ended after Chuck was forced to have the medical tests and scans.
Gus sees all. He has eyes in the back of his head. In BB when Walt plants the bomb under Gus' car, Gus *just knows* without he or any of his men having witnessed Walt's actions. Walt remarked then that Gus appeared to have some sort of ESP, and he wasn't wrong.
Law abiding does not necessarily equal good. Chuck is not morally right; he is lawfully right. Jimmy is not selfish at all. He is generous, and will go the extra mile for those he loves. What Jimmy is is short-sighted and impulsive, neither of which is selfish. Howard is a mix of good and bad. He treats Kim (and others) well in some respects and badly in others. He is nowhere near as perceptive as many other characters and has relied heavily on Chuck for legal know-how. Both Chuck and Howard are pretty damned selfish when it comes to "retaining a client," aka stealing the Mesa Verde case from Kim. Chuck is manipulative and dishonest. The way he has treated his younger brother and used Howard, Kim, and Ernesto as tools is deplorable. I'm not sure how I would rank Jimmy and Howard, but Chuck would certainly be last.
That's a given.
Pixie Ninja will prevail. She will live to babysit another new associate another day. She never bothered me that much. Her boss assigned her the job of micromanaging Jimmy, so basically she did as she was told. She was a stickler for rules, but she wasn't gossipy or manipulative or sneaky or dishonest. I've met worse people in clerical workplaces.
I would stake money on your theory. He'll turn out to be Hector's brother for sure.
If she doesn't make you laugh, then you are taking everything too seriously, including Betsy Kettleman.
*Pimento cheese* sandwich while waiting for Pryce, aka Dan The Pill Man. He's also been known to eat lasagna at his DIL's house, but pass on the ice cream for dessert.
Nacho has already done it when he caused Hector to have a heart attack. Saul undoubtedly learned about the pill switch, so he could be screwed too if Lalo learns that he knows.
We are led to believe that Gus saw Nacho pick up the pills and bottle that Hector dropped when he passed out, and saw Nacho pocket the dummy pills and replace them with the real pills before handing the bottle to the EMT's, just as Mike had advised him to do.
It could be that Lalo will prove to be a good detective as well as a tough hombre seeking revenge. The vandalized A/C could be a piece of evidence that would point to Nacho. I don't think it is impossible.
&gt; We are still nowhere near--in fact we are arguably further away than the pilot episode!--from the Saul Goodman of BB, who is completely selfish, and in it only for the money. ......This season we will see him turn into the Saul of BB. Your snickers aside, it will indeed be a sea change, and I wouldn't be a bit surprised if we see a time jump in this season.
You're right that to be a stand-alone series, Walt and Jesse need to be included, but the problem here is their ages, particularly Jesse's. Here's how I think the writers might do it (and it might not happen until Season 5): Interspersing some old unused footage for close-up facials of Walt and Jesse with views from behind of doubles, for instance in scenes in Saul's office. And using voices from present day Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul for the conversation. These writers and editors are creative enough to do this seamlessly. Then you could have Saul conversing with Francesca, she warning him about the dangers of taking on these clients. (Despite the fact we have been shown how Saul harasses "HT" I think we will see that their relationship encompasses a long-lasting underlying friendship/respect. There has got to be some reason why Francesca is loyal enough to Saul to continue to stick with him. Otherwise she would just hi-tail it back to the DVM or find another position elsewhere. Probably the pay is good at Saul's, but I'll bet she doesn't have as much contempt for him as BB scenes have led us to believe.) Then they might show DEA agents discussing Walt and Jesse in the immediate aftermath of the disappearance of Hank and Gomez, or just before, after the uncovering of Walt as the major player. They could mention Walt's lawyer and how they've been unable to locate him - cut to Saul showing up at the vacuum repair shop. These conversations could fill in the blanks. I think that using all these methods, the writers can make it happen. They've got their ways, yo. On edit: they could also include a short clip or two actually from BB of Walt and/or Jesse meeting with Saul in his office, then have the next scene be Saul talking about it with Francesca to give Saul's take on the evolving situation with his new clients. This way neither Walt nor Jesse need be current characters on the set, but the fallout from them can be shown, and they can be there but not really be there. There is no reason why a couple short film segments from BB cannot be incorporated/recycled into BCS.
She's beautiful. I love calicos.
Well technically this horse is a light colored buckskin, so 'pale' is correct while 'white' is not.
There was a bill informally called the Cryptocurrency Fairness Act introduced into Congress that would make transactions of less than $600 non-taxable (for gains). Apparently this bill has stagnated there because it has been about a year since I've heard any news about it.
I disagree with season 2 of True Detective. Both seasons are excellent, although different.
The bittersweet surprise ending brought it all together. I didn't find it forced or rushed, but appreciation is in the eye of the viewer.
Stress is aging her. Poor Kim! Looks like she's lost the sling but still has a cast on her arm, and she's quit the relax-a-thon and returned to work.
The closeup shot of the pill bottle - Lalo is coming to investigate. Could that be Lalo overseeing the wrapped bricks on the table, flanked by Arturo and 2 of Hector's other guys? (I'm not good with faces and names of the cartel guys, but that guy in the army green jacket doesn't look like a familiar player.)
Thanks! I'd forgotten all about the "turtle guy." It would be way cool to see more of him before his fateful ride aboard the tortoise.
How did I miss this before? Thanks for posting!
I saw it too. It was posted to this sub, but no, I didn't save a link either.
&gt; Having a life.. Trolling a forum devoted to a TV show you don't like would indicate that you haven't one.
Because Chuck has lost most of his power of rational thought by the time he kicks over the table holding the lantern. He is very close to entering a catatonic state as he did after the CT scan, and thus he is only partially lucid. Suicide is most probably one of the unformed thoughts in his consciousness at that point, as is doing something to make the pain of his illness stop, but Chuck probably couldn't explain his own mental thought processes by that time. I'm guessing Michael McKean is answering the question just as his character would, if Chuck were still capable of speech at the end.
Nope, it has been verified by the writers that Lalo is a new character who will make his appearance in Season 4.
That's what Nacho is hoping, but too many people know the truth and at least one is likely to let it slip. As Mike put it "If anyone gets suspicious about the medicine not working, they're going to look at those pills." And I'm guessing Lalo will look at more than just the pills; he will probably be "interviewing" everyone who had contact with Hector as well as those connected in any way with those people. My guess is that Dan the Pill Man will inadvertently reveal a clue or two.
That's a universally accepted theory. "Space blanket mode," that's a good way to describe it.
The countdown marches on.....
I'm thinking more and more that this is a likely outcome for Nacho. It would remove him from the storyline without killing him, and it would present an opportunity for Saul to become acquainted with, or to learn of, the vacuum-cleaner/disappearer guy.
The cook - good call. He's another person who might know something about the pill switch. This narrator forgot about Dan Wormald though - he heard the conversation between Mike and Nacho and witnessed the pill buy.
Thanks! No glimpse of Lalo so far then.
It was a bit of a plot hole, although at the same time a needed plot device, for Mike to have allowed Wormald to witness his conversation with Nacho and learn of the planned pill switch.
This picture of mourners at Chuck's funeral pretty much clinches it, if there was ever any doubt. Whether he died in the fire or died in the hospital soon after are the only real unknowns.
The usual. Fran knows.
It's a given that Saul had a good amount of money stashed away, and also that a good portion of it will go to the disappearer guy and expenses setting himself up in Omaha. The purpose of the scene, however, was to set up a future scene where Gene calls Francesca on Nov 12th at 3PM (year unknown). It is also likely that we will see Francesca calling Howard at the number on the business card that Saul handed her while saying, "Tell him Jimmy sent you." Apart from beginning the reveal of how Saul comes to be Gene for those who have not seen BB, setting the stage for the two future phone calls was the main point of that scene in 'Quite A Ride.'
tinysnails nailed it
I don't think that Walter White has much of a fan club anywhere. To know him was to have your life ruined.
I would not doubt that.
I wonder if they will make him gain it back for the upcoming season(s).
Yes he does... when Jesse and Walt are holding him at gunpoint (or knife- point) on his knees over a dug grave. "Can I get up? I have bad knees!"
"I got crawdads in my pants... from sittin' in the bayou."
My comments are all my own as far as I can see.
I found her (and her sister) petty and irritating, but nothing that rose to the level of hatred. The fact that she lacked any comprehension of her husband's frustration at being stuck in a job teaching chemistry to bored high school students, his desire to become a star chemist thwarted, caused me to have a sort of contempt for her shallowness. The only time I vaguely admired her for a split second was when she faced down Hank in the restaurant ("Am I under arrest!?") and departed. Chuck, on the other hand, was a malevolent force in Jimmy's life, when he might have been instead a positive influence on his brother. He was seething with (legitimate) jealousy over the favoritism shown to Jimmy, and if he had been honest about it, he would not have been so detestable. But he was a lying asshole who ironically never appreciated the one person who loved him unconditionally.
That could be. It would be an interesting twist (reversal) on the pessimistic view I've always had that Nacho's dad will be killed and Nacho will escape alone.
This scene takes place at the Kettlemans' home when Jimmy pays them a visit to inform them that their stolen money is on the way to the DA's office.
Wall mirrors played a big role in the Kettlemans' home decor, and together with the natural light from their home's abundant window glass, the lighting in this scene was exceptional, as the OP observed.
That's a good point, and I doubt they destroyed it.
Faking the circumstances of a work-related death of one German national (Werner) is one thing. Killing ten of them would arouse suspicion and official investigations by the German government and the families of the murdered men.
I've been pondering this as well. One thing that seems to imply that Caldera is still around in BB is Saul's often repeated phrase that he knows a guy who knows a guy (the first guy in that progression being the vet).
I'd love to see her make an appearance in the future, in some sort of position of power, helping out Saul at the courthouse. The revenge of the shoplifter.
That is way cool!
Go Land Crabs!
Very nice. Hand embroidered?
Chuck also made the prediction: "You're Slippin' Jimmy. You'll never change." Chuck's hopes for the way that the bar hearing would go were thwarted. My own hope is for Viktor and Giselle to reunite in a post-Cinnabon universe and escape to Belize (the real Belize). At the least, if Gene is forced to face the music and has to serve time, I predict that he will find his calling as a star jailhouse lawyer.
Post it to r/FuckChuck. They'll love it there.
I had a graveyard shift gig for a couple years for a local newspaper, so I can tell you that papers do roll off the press in the wee hours. It's a moot point anyway because we are plainly shown papers being delivered in the darkness of night, followed by a time lapse sequence showing many hours passing before early dawn. The writers are the definitive source on the motives of characters that they have created, so there is no real room for debate about Stacey's relationship with Mike.
Yeah but neither Michelle nor Hillary were at Woodstock! jk
These two sentences in the last paragraph say it all: &gt; The donor base of the Democratic Party consists of a lot of pretty rich people who prefer the Democratic Party to be left on social issues but right on economic issues. The party elite see these wealthy folks as part of the party, and don't want to nominate a candidate who accurately sees them as class enemies.
I'm disappointed that we didn't get to see Chuck's illness when it first surfaced, in a flashback.
1. The inflatable montage with Jimmy, tube man, and the colorful suits 2. Jimmy cutting deals with Bill, the prosecutor, drinking vending machine coffee, and defending his PD clients 3. Kim with her post-it notes and cell phone, trying to secure a big client for HHM. 4. Nacho preparing his dummy pills and practising the bottle toss into the jacket pocket. 5. Jimmy and Kim's relationship deteriorating in Something Stupid. There is no montage in the show that is anything short of excellent, but those are probably my 5 favorites.
https://voteforbernie.org/
Fred was not a pathetic loser; he was a victim. I assume you mean the hummel guy who bought his wife a vacuum cleaner when you refer to photocopy guy (as opposed to Lance at the 24 hour copy shop). He wouldn't be my pick either. I'd go with Ken Wins or Dale.
I clung to the idea for a long time that Kim would become Jimmy's 2nd wife, and then 2nd ex-wife, but that possibility gets dimmer as time goes on. A step dad would have to surface. It's remotely possible that Jimmy's mom might have remarried briefly after the death of his real dad, and that man might have left the scene, only to reappear later, but that seems highly unlikely at this point. Never say never though.
That would have given Jimmy a double reason to hate Chet. On edit: Thinking about this a little more, if Chet was the stepdad, and if he resurfaced and slept with Kim, that might just be the final catalyst for Jimmy's transition to Saul. We could then be shown the flashback where Chuck defended his brother in court by exposing Chet's misdeeds against the family which led Jimmy to commit the Chicago sunroof.
"I was last night."
I never said it was likely. In fact, I said the opposite. However if the Chet stepdad scenerio did happen, it would tie into the storyline in multiple ways. Pop McGill was a simple, honest, trusting, and clueless businessman. Mom McGill was smarter, but could be susceptible to the charisma of a conman. She certainly was enamoured of her younger son's charms, while not blind to his rule-breaking. As Marco said, "We used to tell your folks we had a free period. I think your mom knew we were skipping, but she'd always give me a 'Little Debbie.'" Jimmy's scammy gene had to come from somewhere, and it's likely it was from the maternal side.
It's easier for the Walmart CEO to call on Congress for a minimum wage raise with a snowball's chance in hell of passing, than to actually raise the wages of his own employees.
I only know that when it came to Ed the disappearer vacuum guy, the sequence was: Mike - Dr Caldera - Ed
Yes.
I finally solved the problem, which was a well-disguised black power button to the upper right of the keyboard. (A pox on designers who think it is cool to disguise vital function buttons!) I was going to delete this post, but decided to leave it, in case other clueless, less than tech experts might benefit from my dilemma.
It's supposed to be reminiscent of a degraded video tape, kind of an afterlife of Saul's TV commercials,
Not gonna change your mind. You were right the first time.
That's in a dimension beyond creepiness.
Mike attempted to convince Gus to let Werner return to the site and finish the job, but when Gus refused to allow this, Mike killed Werner as an act of mercy. Gus or his men would have most likely tortured Werner and killed his wife. Mike spared Werner's wife by making Werner call her and send her back to Germany. The rest of the crew were sent home because they were trusted, and because they could not finish the job without Werner's leadership.
This was the stop in work -- after Werner was killed and his crew sent home. The work stoppage will probably continue by necessity, until Lalo is removed from the scene. More likely these young men volunteered or applied or agreed to a job overseas because they were unattached (and they were likely unattached because they were young), but that doesn't mean they don't have living parents and other relatives who would question their disappearance.
A singular accident and death of one worker doesn't attract the same attention as a massive accident that costs 6 or more lives. The crew are trusted, and Gus has zero reason to want to wreak vengeance upon them. It is far less complicated and safer to just send them home.
blue (turquoise) hair?
Kim will never return to her hometown to live. She will move to Maine after the failed, or nearly failed, scam convinces her to leave Saul. She will reconnect with Gene when she travels back home for the funeral of a relative.
Nope. One can hate Chuck but be only mildly annoyed with Skyler.
Only a couple times. Another re-watch is on my to-do list.
As Jimmy said to Howard, "Clock's ticking there too." And the same goes for Jimmy.
I think that Kim will show up en route to her hometown for the funeral of a relative, and reconnect with Jimmy, now Gene. I really want to see Giselle and Viktor reunite and travel to the real Belize to run scams south of the border. The Panamanian passport in Gene's shoebox has a role to play.
I doubt that Kim will die, but it's possible that her meeting with Gene could be sad or bittersweet. I could see the story ending with Gene traveling to Central America by himself. I'm still hoping they reunite though.
If you would just copy and paste your theories into this thread, I'd probably read them, but to go wading thru an entire older thread to find them just isn't in the cards. Call me lazy, I won't dispute it.
I agree. The writers were kind to WW in allowing him to get his money to his son, and to allow him to take vengeance on Uncle Jack &amp; co, so I doubt they would be more harsh with Jimmy/Saul/Gene who was an angel by comparison. I think that Gene will have at least a partially happy ending.
The Kettlemans had already had coffee, so refusing a refill wasn't breaking any shady-deal etiquette. Furthermore an interview with prospective council is not a "shady deal" by its very nature, and there was no need to act casually. This was only about which Kettleman held the reins and to what degree.
It's about 1000 miles from Omaha to Albuquerque. If you're running from the law and in a hurry to reach your destination to take revenge on your enemies, say good-bye to your loved ones, and set up a trust fund for your son, all before being apprehended, I doubt you'd be making a side jaunt to Cinnabonville, especially without even knowing Saul/Gene's exact whereabouts for certain. Skyler was in no danger of being exposed as a money launderer. Walt was the one the law wanted (like the axe wants the turkey). Walt knew he was going to die and he wasn't about to divulge Skyler's misdeeds on his way out.
Couldn't Celeste give her therapist permission to reveal all that she knew at trial? It seems like, as an expert witness, the therapist's words would carry a lot of weight.
Skyler was cooperating with the DEA, but they were only questioning her about Walt. They had no reason to suspect that Skyler was involved in money laundering, and neither she nor Walt nor Saul is likely to volunteer this info no matter how things go down with the authorities.
1000 miles in 2 hours! Hope you've got a radar detector. https://check-distance.com/route/omaha-ne/albuquerque-nm "Driving distance from Omaha, NE to Albuquerque, NM is 895 miles or 1440 km. Travel time by car is 13 hours 56 minutes."
When Chuck told Jimmy that he had never cared about him at all, Jimmy compartmentalized his feelings for Chuck because the hurt was just too much for him to deal with. I believe that for a short time, Jimmy hoped that his brother might have relapsed due to his guilt at saying words he did not mean to Jimmy, but when Howard revealed that he had forced Chuck out of the firm, Jimmy concluded that the forced buy-out was what caused Chuck to relapse, and he buried his feelings for good.
It's a tribute to Michael McKean's acting ability, that's for sure.
Saul is a prisoner of his ruined relationship with Chuck, and briefly a literal prisoner thanks to Chuck's vengeful nature.
Interesting stuff. Thanks for posting. I always mean to go listen to more of the podcasts but never seem to find the time.
It has also been theorized that Lydia's little girl is Gus' daughter. This makes sense since Gus is clearly one of the only people for whom Lydia has respect, and perhaps affection. It seems obvious that Gus is gay, but it could be he swings both ways.
Hector is resentful of Eladio for the warm reception Eladio is giving to Gus. Hector sees it as Gus stealing his territory and usurping his seniority. "I *am* the Cartel." and "No! Salamancas built this business, Salamanca blood, Salamanca money!" There is no love lost between Hector and Eladio, and certainly none between Hector and Gus. I actually don't recall the BB scene. I need a rewatch.
I'd prefer to see them leave the country together as Giselle and Viktor to run scams south of the border, but you may well be right about a semi-sad ending. Someone will use Gene's Panamanian passport, but it could be Gene, traveling solo.
&gt; I've always hated the character. There's one in every crowd with an unpopular opinion.
Add to that Hector's derisive comment that Chicken Brothers, aka Los Pollos Hermanos, should be called Butt Brothers.
I'm beginning to love David Sirota almost as much as I love Bernie. I'm glad he is Bernie's senior adviser.
Interesting.
Howard was put up to that by Chuck, the great manipulator.
It's funny how detestable a character Chuck was, when there are certainly far more evil characters in the story, Hector or Nacho for instance. The writing and McKean's acting combine to make people really hate Chuck with a passion. There's even a sub devoted to Chuck hate : r/FuckChuck.
I don't believe that Jimmy bankrupted his dad's store. We've been shown that his dad gave away money to grifters on a regular basis. Young Jimmy's pilfering was a drop in the bucket. I think that Jimmy and Kim are bad influences on each other. As one of the writers said, "They do things together that neither of them would think of doing on their own."
We see him creating a website for a company that sells drones in the first season.
Cicero, Illinois has a population of 83,891. It's a decent sized city, not a small town. Dad McGill's store was a hangout for grifters because the word that he was a soft touch had spread far and wide. Jimmy McGill: "He could have made it work. He could have sold beer and cigarettes to the kids from Mary Margaret's, but oh no, not him. People would come in with a sob story and they'd leave with a pat on the back and a gallon of milk."
It had nothing to do with honesty. Jimmy's dad didn't keep the books. His wife did. Basically Mr McGill was pretty clueless. One can be as honest as the day is long, but not be blessed with any business/clerical sense. He wasn't concealing the free stuff he gave out. Keeping tabs on expenditures doesn't seem to have been his job. He ran the cash register, probably stocked the shelves, and maybe helped Jimmy with the sweeping up. His wife would have tallied up the day's sales and all would probably seem fine unless/until she did a total inventory and found that receipts, money, and merchandise didn't add up. It was Chuck who discovered the discrepancy when he came home to help put the business in order.
&gt; And if anything, it only further establishes that he regularly, or at least on many multiple occasions, took money from the till. No it doesn't. Jimmy didn't spend the coins; he put them in the bandaid box for safe keeping so that his dad couldn't give them away. We saw Jimmy take money from the til only once. He might have continued to pilfer small sums or he might not have. We are shown and told about multiple examples of his dad giving away money, and of young Jimmy trying to talk (business) sense into him. "Dad, he's conning you. Just like that bum from last week." Those are two instances right there. "Dad this quarter is valuable." to which the elder McGill responds by running out into the street to *give it back* to the customer. That's another example. I suggest a re-watch if you missed this. It is strongly established that Jimmy's dad was a clueless pushover. &gt;As to Kim, her love for the con, if that was ever in her before Jimmy, has never been shown bleeding into her professional life before allowing herself to be influenced by Jimmy. The writers themselves have said that Jimmy and Kim are bad influences on each other.
Mike knows that "This business requires restraint." Trevor, like Pryce, hasn't figured this out.
to
We've met him already, Daniel Wormald, aka Pryce.
You have the remains of sea creatures from the shallow tropical oceans that once covered these sands. A lot of natural history in the American southwest. The petrified forests especially intrigue me - wood turned to stone.
Because child actors grow up faster in real time than BCS/BB film time from season to season. And obviously because BB's 12 yr old Kaija Bales could hardly play her 5 year old self in early BCS flashbacks. They needed young Faith Healey for that.
Season 5 will air on AMC on 23 Feb 2020.
I bought 3 of these and paid for them with Bitcoin, just like it says on the shirts. https://thesaltyporcupine.com/shop/i-bought-this-shirt-with-bitcoin-mensunisex-short-sleeve-t-shirt/
I think that Nacho will be the first to get disappeared, and he will be our introduction to Ed, the disappearer guy. It is possible that Nacho has already been in contact with Ed and received the Canadian ID cards for himself and his dad from Ed. Could be Nacho is holding off on actually leaving town via Ed's service until he can convince his papa to go with him.
I wonder where retirees (like myself) fall in this list of donor demographics.
Does anyone want to shoot themselves out of public roads, public schools, unemployment insurance, fire department services, medicare or VA health services?
Damn! I'd buy it from you for what you paid IF it were a size large.
What is Medicare Advantage? Is that a private insurance policy designed to fill in gaps that Medicare doesn't cover? I have a Blue Cross gap-filling policy that has been quite effective, but I'm probably one of the few lucky enough to have this (along with dental and rx policies) from my late husband's pension (negotiated by the union that won these perks).
Until the "Quite a Ride" cold open, I had thought that she stuck with Saul out of loyalty or affection beginning when Jimmy first hired her above the objections of Kim. Now it seems Saul must have some hold over her because she plainly has extreme derision for him by the time he leaves town.
One of Saul's scams (perhaps one that she herself participates in) will go wrong and she will decide to go to Maine by herself to think things over. While there she takes some photos of the ocean-side scenery and sends one set of these pictures back to Saul. They are most likely in the photo processing envelope in Gene's shoe box which is marked 'print 2 sets.' Then she writes to Saul to tell him she won't be coming back. If the scam gone wrong didn't cost Kim her job at S&amp;C, she will write to them that she wishes to withdraw from the firm, and she will find new employment with a law firm in New England. Obviously Kim and Gene will reunite in Omaha, post BB, probably when Kim flies into Omaha to attend the funeral of a relative. I'd like to see them travel to the real Belize as Viktor and Giselle, but I'm not confident of that happening. Somehow though, the Panamanian passport in Gene's shoe box will play a role before all is said and done.
Slippin' Jimmy was a bit like that. Jimmy the lawyer, not so much.
It's about time for AMC to release a new teaser or trailer.
Nice catch!
Saul didn't pick Omaha. That location was assigned to him by Ed, the vacuum guy. "What's in Nebraska?" "You are... from now on."
Probably Hal Finney, Nick Szabo, and Wei Dai, maybe (an)other(s).
Because he made that money with the intent of putting it down on another Wexler/McGill law office.
They were at least leading the viewer to believe for a nano second that Jimmy was not as down-and-out as he actually was.
The truck load of phones that Jimmy bought and re-sold were legitimate sales, but closing up the CC Mobile office and selling them on the street when he was supposed to be minding the shop was pretty much a racket. I'm not sure of the legitimacy of buying phones from CC Mobile and selling them during his off hours (night time), or of painting the store front windows with his "privacy sold here" message.
We didn't know what Jimmy's pre-Saul life was like at this point when watching the pilot. He might have begun his legal career as a successful attorney for all we knew.
Perhaps a relocation destination was an option that one could choose, but Walt and Saul just elected to let Ed select places for them since they were both in a great hurry to disappear.
The strip mall office with its inflatable Lady Liberty, hollow pillars, and Bill of Rights wallpaper are not expensive. Saul's cut of the Sandpiper money will make him a millionaire at least. Chances are if he did receive the settlement $$, he could retire in luxury. However the settlement is not expected to be forthcoming for years.
That apartment was to keep up the illusion that he was enjoying his new first-in-command status of the Salamanca business, so that no one would suspect he was a mole for Gus Fring. Nacho clearly has no interest in the girls that apparently came with his new digs, but they likely serve the function of domestic chores as well as two more sets of eyes on the domicile. We see he is stockpiling money in the safe for the purpose of getting himself and his dad out of town and out of the horrible situation Nacho now finds himself in. That is where his interests lie.
1. For sure Chucks sucks the light out of every room! 2. &gt;He also gaslights himself since the illness is just in his mind. "Gaslighting" means to make a sane person believe that they are crazy, not the other way around. It has a very specific definition which also doesn't include maligning the reputation of another.
Western wear shops or jewelry stores in western US states would have collections of bolo ties for sale.
and misuse
It was a chain store found in most shopping malls here in the US, but with the demise of malls I'm not sure it still exists.
Not happening.
Legally speaking, "not guilty" and "innocent" are exact synonyms. You have much to learn about the law, grass-hopper.
I've sat on a bunch of juries as well as holding a degree in criminal justice. If a person is acquitted in a criminal trial then he is deemed innocent, or to put it another way, not guilty. Legally the terms mean the same thing. &gt;Even standard jury instructions tell you that your job is not to determine if the person didn't commit the crime (innocent), but rather do you believe they did (or didn't) beyond a reasonable doubt. Standard of proof to determine (in a court of law) if an accused person is guilty or innocent is an entirely other subject.
Absolutely. The people running the Netflix site are clueless.
https://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Innocent adj. without guilt (not guilty). Even if your alleged law degree came from the University of American Samoa, you would be acquainted with this simple legal definition.
Guilt for Kim's accident also figured in, as you said. He was willing to let go of the grudge against Chuck. "There aren't too many of us McGills left, so I'm thinking we should stick together. I could have made other choices. I'm not saying it's all on me; it isn't. What about you, Chuck? You didn't do anything wrong?" Of course after Chuck told Jimmy he had never cared about him all bets were off.
Drama/makeup girl is in the Paul slot, but she's not barefoot, and they're all walking in the wrong direction.
Nacho needed the capsules empty and unsealed but with the exact same markings. Wormald is the only one who can get these (on a research &amp; development request).
Damn I need to see El Camino. I wonder how long before AMC finally broadcasts it. The trailer for it and plot synopses only get you so far.
More likely his heart torn out by Kim when she leaves him.
Marco's mom gave it to Jimmy at the funeral.
I'll bet it does.
Maybe I'm missing something, but where does it say that PayPal is involved?
I always figured it was Jimmy painting himself into a prison of his own design, both literal and figurative.
I like the first one, mostly just because of the ambiance of that pay phone in the desert scene, and my second favorite is the most recent poster. The poster for season 2 is obviously supposed to symbolize Jimmy's uphill climb to win his brother's approval, but it makes me dizzy to look at, so that one is probably my least favorite.
It will make sense to her before the series ends.
A pee jar in his car would solve the problem. P.I.s have their ways, yo.
I've thought this too. If I were Irene, I would have accepted that first settlement offer.
Lalo asking "What construction project?" I'm so psyched for this new season!
Is that person calling out to ~~Gus~~ Lalo "You're not going in there!" Lyle? Looking closer I don't think so. Lyle wasn't the type to have his arm covered in tattoos.
Somehow he reminds me more of Mike.
What is Bitcoin?
Nice work. Now he looks like King of the Desert.
This is the first I've seen.
I had always thought Jimmy would end up changing his name to Saul Goodman to appease his brother for that reason. But fortunately Chuck probably died expecting that Jimmy would be the only lawyer to practice under the McGill name in ABQ.
Michael Ehrmantraut is listed as Mike Ehrmantraut, James McGill is listed as Jimmy McGill, Kimberly Wexler is listed as Kim Wexler, Ignacio Varga is listed as Nacho Varga, etc. Nicknames have nothing to do with the absence of Lalo's last name.
Look at the skinny kid standing in front of the bouncing car at 0:17 in "Tent" and tell me that isn't a young Jesse gazing at his future ride. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rYYmmNpJLQ
Unfortunately (from long ago experience when I was a little kid) he/she who rides in the front gets a face full of snow, but I expect Bernie doesn't care!
He just can't help himself!
Diversity.
Nope just watching on my pc. Perhaps I missed a bunch of details. It doesn't look to me like the blonde girl is with him though.
I still think he'd fare well in prison.
True right now, but much of what happens in early episodes will *affect* Jimmy before all is said and done.
His demeanor at any given time depends on how much meth he's snorted. (Nacho explains this in the scene where he's trying to hire Mike to do a hit on Tuco.) In the junkyard scene of BB where Tuco tries Walt's blue meth for the first time, Tuco goes completely off the rails.
Her English is poor at best, so she opted to go home and let Tuco figure out what to do, as you've said. I think it was more about using her grandson as a translator than trying to flee a law that she doesn't fully understand. You can be sane, but old and slow, and unacquainted with the language and the ramifications of law in a country not your own.
Don't I know it!
Just off-season reddit.
I expect the most we'll be likely to see will be a brief scene of Gale awestruck at the completed construction of the underground space, and Gale conferring/negotiating with Gus about what lab equipment to order and Gale being delighted when Gus OKs the purchase of phenomenally expensive lab machinery. I think that Gale's death will be simple hearsay spoken by Saul in a later scene, and that BCS viewers will not ever see the whole Walt-Jesse-Gale drama. That will remain one of those details that a viewer would need to watch BB to see.
The little guy's doing really good! Of course he has the benefit of a supportive older bro, who may have actually taught him some of these moves. Chuck should take a lesson from this, but it's too late for Chuck now. Fuck Chuck
Go for it! None of us will stop you.
Hearing him say "I'd be just sick about it!" when he would actually be ecstatically happy about it is what does it for me.
14 yr olds may use this term, but they're ignorant of its etymology.
Did you know that "twerp" originally meant 'one who bites the bubbles of his own farts in the bathtub?' Or that "warmonger" is a spin-off of WW2 soldiers who frequented prostitutes (whore-monger)? Probably you did not, and the meaning of these terms has changed over time, but that is how they originated, similarly with "Bizsnatch" which still strikes me as singularly inventive and comical.
I think Coushatta is a done deal, and Jimmy is moving on to new shady courtroom maneuvers in episode 2. We'll see I guess. Ericsen is the formidable head prosecutor, so Saul vs Suzanne should be a battle of wits worth seeing.
"I love you" is a phrase that is over-worked, both in cinema and in real life.
not for everyone, only for the WWs among us
I'll give you that. It was one of the few times that Marie was interesting and funny rather than just annoying, and Hank was even somewhat likable as well
His relationship with Wendy shows he has good taste in friends. She is loyalty personified, cares for and supports her child, is deeply troubled by the idea of poisoning even the worst scum on the planet, and stands up to hours of questioning by Hank.
It was tastefully done, a perfect illustration of less being more.
No, Better Call Saul is about Jimmy becoming Saul, Saul becoming Gene, and some sort of resolution for Gene. The writers have stated this. It would be literally impossible to show Saul's metamorphosis into Gene without the inclusion of Walt and the cascade of events he set in motion.
https://ew.com/tv/2018/07/17/better-call-saul-breaking-bad-scene-season-4/ “We have a subplot that very squarely gets into Breaking Bad territory and brings us into the world — or at least points us on a path toward the world of Walter White and the territory of Walter White,” co-creator Vince Gilligan tells EW. “I can’t wait for folks to see that.” The news comes as the universes of the two shows seem to be on a collision course. “I picture two giant circles moving together, converging into an ever-largening Venn diagram, and that Venn diagram represents the overlap between Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul,” Gilligan says. “That area of overlap is getting larger and larger.” Co-creator Peter Gould tells EW, “We’re still a few years out from Walter White, but you’ll see some things that will definitely ring a bell and also show some different aspects to things that we saw in Breaking Bad.” https://ew.com/tv/2018/08/09/better-call-saul-creators-gene-walt-alive/ "In any case, Better Call Saul definitely will be revisiting events within the Breaking Bad timeline in season 4. “We have a subplot that very squarely gets into Breaking Bad territory and brings us into the world — or at least points us on a path toward the world of Walter White and the territory of Walter White,” co-creator Vince Gilligan recently told EW. “I can’t wait for folks to see that.” And Gilligan has made it known that he “desperately” wants to plot a way to have Cranston and co-star Aaron Paul appear on Better Call Saul in a meaningful way"
Thanks for posting this. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Call_Saul_(season_5)
Or... you could get Kim Wexler to tie your tie. "Hold still! It's too tight? Live with it! Sit over there! That tie is mine, remember!?"
If Lodge 49 had been marketed better, it might have drawn an audience, but using words like "bliss" and "pleasures" to describe a down-and-out family mourning the death of their father was unfathomably clueless. Such a shame; it was a great show. TWD deserved to be cancelled after the first couple episodes, but somehow it still drags on.
I agree it would be useful and wish I'd learned it. It may have been taught at my high school (back in the 1960s) but if so it would have been offered in secretarial preparatory classes which I never took. As to your question, probably recording devices replaced taking dictation with shorthand on a legal pad.
As much as I'd love to see Jimmy and Kim get married on the spur of the moment and a stepdad appear out of the blue, neither event is likely to happen. Still I hold out a vain hope....
I do think that the show will change, by necessity, at least as far as the level of violence goes as we move closer to, and into, the BB era. Someone remarked on the feel of the show just from the teasers that it looks to be filmed with a handheld camera. I think Vince mentioned something about switching back to the type of filming they did in BB.
I'm noticing now that in the wikis and elsewhere they are now listing Lalo as "Lalo Salamanca." So perhaps leaving off his last name on the IMDB page was an accidental omission or a red herring to mislead us. If Lalo is a Salamanca by blood, I'm guessing he will meet an end awhile before the rest of his relatives die.
Great analysis.
She was never an ally to anyone but her corporate donors.
Probably he discovers what Nacho did and that he is a mole.
That is when we first hear it, yes.
It is mentioned in the "Better Call Saul" episode of Breaking Bad. I'm sure we will see it evolve into his shell co. before the end of BCS.
works for me
I think their point is that the government can't afford it, but of course if we cut the pentagon's budget it would be easily affordable.
Great to see that the cinematography won't suffer with the new BB look to the upcoming episodes.
I have a t-shirt with the left half of this design.
It did, but it still couldn't hold a candle to the cinematography in BCS. Just my opinion which is probably influenced by two things. One, BB was an action film and scenes flashed by in an instant, while BCS lingers on many scenes, giving me more time to fully appreciate them. Two, the poor copy of BB I bought (I tend to think I was sold a bootleg copy) can't compare with the HD copies of all the BCS episodes so far on my harddrive.
Don't knock the man's wardrobe! He's better dressed than anyone else in the show, except perhaps Gale.
&gt; isnt that your own fault Who said anything about fault or blame? If action shows are your thing, there is plenty of material out there for you.
&gt; you were giving reasons why BCS is better No I was giving reasons why my perceptions of the cinematography of BCS seem better than BB. Perception is in the eye of the beholder and dependent on multiple factors. My perception of you is that you could get into a fight in an empty room.
It sounds/looks like Kai and Stacey are going to catch the fallout of Mike's rage and self-loathing. I wonder what Kim's interesting proposition will be. I remember reading somewhere that Kim and Howard are going to be at odds this season, so I wonder if Howard will be involved in this interesting proposition.
This additional slightly differing synopsis for Namaste appears in another post: S5E04: Namaste As Jimmy doubles down on Saul Goodman; a deeply conflicted Kim brings him an interesting proposition; Gus makes a sacrifice in order to play the long game; Mike attempts to smooth things over with his family.
Please god no.
This doesn't give a specific source but: https://old.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/epwxts/detail_about_spoilers_appearance_this_season/
Saul hasn't met Ed prior to being picked up and sent to Omaha. IF we were to see Saul &amp; Ed, it would be in a flash forward, either a scene immediately following on the heels of "Quite a Ride," or else in the Gene universe if Gene would be able to contact Ed and have a meeting with him requesting a second relocation (which would have to be an exception to Ed's stated policy that once he had disappeared a client that was the last contact he would have with them). It appears from Ed's periodic check-ins w/ WW in NH, and helping Jesse to relocate after the first failed attempt, that Ed can be flexible depending on the circumstances of a given client.
We who have seen BB don't need to know more because we have already become acquainted with how Ed's services work through WW's relocation. For those who have not seen BB, in order for BCS to be a "stand-alone" series (aka a show with a plot that can be easily understood by a viewer who has not seen BB) we need to see how the vacuum man's disappearer service works. Since BB showed it thru the eyes of Walt, it is likely BCS will use Saul to demonstrate this.
Ed could have easily left Walt with enough canned and dried goods to feed Walt for the very limited remainder of Walt's lifetime. As Ed put it, "You are by far the most high profile client I've ever had." To add to that, Ed would have "inherited" a barrel of money had he continued to check in on Walt. &gt;Plus, the Gene timeline is well after the El Camino timeline. Do you mean by that that that Ed's terms became more flexible as time went on?
Good to know. I have yet to see El Camino. Waiting until 16 Feb to finally watch on AMC.
"Speaking to the New York Daily News, executive producer Peter Gould said that he wants the show to stand alone, away from Breaking Bad, but that he is excited about having the ability to jump between decades as they tell their story." https://www.nme.com/news/tv/better-call-saul-will-be-set-before-during-and-af-874598 From an interview with Vince Gilligan: "But it’s not necessary, just as Better Call Saul is not necessary to Breaking Bad, Breaking Bad is not necessary to Better Call Saul, and this movie is not necessary to either of them. They all exist together in a bigger framework. They can be enjoyed separately, and you can watch one of them without seeing the other two, but you probably would not be getting the full experience. They have a cumulative effect when taken all together. This [movie] maybe to a lesser degree than the other two works by itself. But I think you can watch this if you’ve never seen either TV show. " https://www.rollingstone.com/tv/tv-features/el-camino-breaking-bad-interview-vince-gilligan-interview-895479/
and it contained sugar, no HFCS
I think it is because, if you have an electronic car key, you would have to leave your car unlocked if you wished to leave both cell phone and key in the car. Insurance companies will not pay up on a stolen car if the keys were left in it, so that is a good reason not to do this. I'm not certain if this is a minor spoiler for you, but at least on one occasion in the show a person or people do leave their electronics in a car. This can be easily explained by a driver having a non-electronic car key, or valet key as they are called these days, to lock the items in the car.
They said that they were going to go back to the hand-held camera filming that they used in BB, and it looks like they are doing just that.
I'd have to look. I may have just assumed he didn't because it made no sense to leave his wallet.
As Mike would say: Care to elaborate?
I predict there will be *at least* three Gene episodes at the end of season 6, perhaps more. Some Gene flash-forwards throughout the earlier season 6 episodes seem plausible in addition, but I'm making no predictions for that. I read a Q &amp; A with Peter Gould some some ago where he said that he would love to spend an entire season on Gene, and while that would not happen, they definitely will be spending a lot of time in Cinnabon land. I'm damned if I can find that piece now. It might be here, but I hit a pay wall: https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/11/arts/television/vince-gilligan-and-peter-gould-on-better-call-saul-bob-odenkirk-and-fan-tattoos.html The quotes below were the best I could find. I should save links when I read something interesting by the writers to save myself from long and often futile searches after the fact. (Or I could get something resembling a real life instead of hanging out on a sub about a fictional attorney on a tv series.) https://www.bleedingcool.com/2018/12/13/better-call-saul-season-5-gould-tease/ Peter Gould said, “I am very, very interested in Gene Takovic. In some ways, Gene is very enigmatic. In some ways, he’s the opposite of Saul Goodman because he speaks so very little, he’s so afraid. But I’m fascinated by that situation and by the question of: is there still any chance of redemption or ray of light in this guy’s life after all the terrible things that he’s done, now that he’s run away and hidden himself in Omaha?” https://postperspective.com/co-showrunner-peter-gould-on-amcs-better-call-saul/ What can fans expect? Will we see more of Gene Takovic, the man Jimmy McGill becomes after he becomes Saul Goodman? "I think it’s safe to say that we’re very interested in Gene. There’s a lot more to be said about him, and fans can expect that. One of the fun things about Gene is that his scenes are in black-and-white, so it gives us a very different space to play in visually."
All the scenes mentioned so far are undeniably tragic, but for me the saddest moment came after Kim and Jimmy's big fight on the roof of the courthouse, when Jimmy returned to their apartment and began to pack his things, preparing to move out. It really had me believing that perhaps the end had come for the couple. It hadn't, but that was probably a mere taste of the pathos involved when it finally does come.
They threw his bouncing car in as a random prop. I think not much in BCS is random.
Autism is a sliding scale at best, and more likely just a general category for people who think, or act, outside the box. The images you see sound much more like a feature and not a bug. (Myself I inherited a need for solitude, but none of the math skills that would have been useful.)
Do you have a link to this new trailer? Of the ones I've seen thus far: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiD_ODY5q_U (Behind the scenes) last frame shows Kim talking to two jailed clients across a desk in a room. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rYYmmNpJLQ (Tent) Last frame is of the bouncing car at the fair/carnival https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0meLhudnlyY (Joy Ride) Last frame shows a nervous Saul being driven to an industrial setting by Gus' guys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=794ug8p0LOY (With Feeling) Last frames are of the film students making a commercial for Saul Have I missed one?
We know that Saul was NOT given a choice by Ed. "What's in Nebraska?" "You are... from now on."
Yes we do know this for sure. Saul: "What's in Nebraska?" Ed: "You are... from now on."
Thank you. I'd seen it, but it was escaping my mind for some reason.
Sure enough. It definitely looks like Kim sneaking a peek into the new world of Saul Goodman. I think the vehicle is just Kim's car, and not a vintage auto. I lightened it up a bit in PSP here: https://ibb.co/qW1PTfk
This too is a distinct possibility.
The threat which might have set off alarms for Ed would have been the clerical worker at the hospital who entered Gene's info (drivers license and social security number) into the computer several times. The taxi driver is still a wild card. We don't know if he actually recognized Gene, but if he did, it wasn't planned. &gt;The cabbie is probably some private detective connected to Ed in some manner. That sounds plausible, but only if Ed had somehow been warned that Gene in Omaha was becoming a loose cannon.
The air freshener for a sports team from ABQ was what caught Gene's attention and could be making him paranoid. (He's already been thru a harrowing scene with doctors, tests, and the hospital release clerk's trouble with inputting his data.) This scene was ambiguous, just like a deranged Chuck looking at his electric meter. The meter might have been turning in reality in response to an electrical appliance drawing current, or we might have been seeing the meter running thru Chuck's eyes.
I think it might center on one or more of the following: Perhaps something to do with Kim leaving Jimmy. Maybe she is walking on a beach in Maine trying to make up her mind about whether or not to return to ABQ. Or Nacho trying to get his papa to leave town with him, but his dad balking. Meanwhile Lalo has learned of Nacho's treachery and is stalking him, perhaps takes the dad hostage. Lalo learning about Gus' underground lab construction project and Mike being ordered by Gus to kill him.
Variety is the spice of life, and things don't have to match or be uniform in appearance. They do not/are not uniform in nature.
It was against the law on so many levels I don't know where to begin, and it certainly violates bar assoc rules.
When Chuck told Howard not to hire his brother, he would certainly have given Howard a detailed character analysis and biography of Slippin' Jimmy.
Crazy 8 was a chain of mall stores selling children's clothes back in the 80s and 90s. Their parent company just closed the last of these stores. They are deader than disco, but once were as ubiquitous as the shopping malls that housed them.
I agree with you 100%. r/FuckChuck
Bates v. State Bar of Arizona 1977
&gt; Well we know he doesn't have a stepfather. We know it is *unlikely* that Jimmy has a stepfather, but it remains *remotely* possible. His mother could have remarried briefly after the death of Jimmy's father, and this person could have disappeared only to resurface later. If this had happened, the reappearance would most likely have coincided with Chuck's funeral. The fact that it didn't makes it less likely by far that such a person ever existed, but it does not definitively rule it out. I'm not advocating for the possibility of a stepdad in any event at this point. I think it is unlikely. I *am* saying that a marriage between Kim and Jimmy could happen, for the reason I cited.
Mesa Verde blueprints and the Coushatta letter-writing scam are done deals. Saul is moving on to darker and more dangerous cons, and Kim will be involved, either as a victim, or more likely a participant.
Not for long. https://www.pennlive.com/life/2019/01/gymboree-and-crazy-8-to-close-all-of-its-stores.html
&gt; The Coudhatta letter con is just the more likely of the two imo. I concur. There are a lot of potential witnesses who could testify to a bus full of people being paid to write letters if an investigator were to visit Coushatta and start interviewing folks, or if they looked for the Free Will Baptist Church which doesn't exist in the real world.
&gt; We know the plans Kim slipped in were denied. Kim only submitted one set of plans - the first ones - and they were approved. The second set of plans that Kim slipped in were never denied or approved. Everyone involved will assume that the 2nd plans are the original (approved) ones. If Kim had actually submitted the second, grander building plans, they would have had to go through the whole process again which would have cost time and money, but most likely would have culminated in their approval. That was the purpose of the scam - to avoid red tape, time, and money. However I agree that the planning commissioner and zoning boards could get suspicious when construction is underway, and say "This building doesn't look like the plans we approved."
Not a mere taco, but an old family recipe. "The Salamanco family?" "Yeah them."
She has a back history that is yet to be explored, and yes she has a definite love of the con which she does not seem to have been aware of until Jimmy introduced her to it.
&gt;She loves the con artist that is still on the side of 'good.' As Jimmy asked her, "We've just driven 100 miles to give a bank a more elaborate branch building. How is that using our powers for good?" Most of the victims of Jimmy's cons (at least those cons witnessed by Kim) richly deserved what they got. I suspect that Kim's past holds some dark secrets not yet revealed, so classifying her on some good/evil scale is probably premature.
If you see a repeat post, don't open it. Problem solved. I would add Ed the vacuum guy to the list of characters who will appear on Season 5 of BCS.
One of the writers said that Kim and Jimmy did things together that neither would ever have done on their own, so it could work both ways, bad influences on each other. I don't think that Kim will suffer a demise. I think it's more likely that Saul's new life will put her in jeopardy which will serve as a wake-up call for her to leave the relationship.
I wonder what percentage of the BCS viewership are attorneys.
&gt;the show (currently) can be viewed without any knowledge of Breaking Bad, and it still stands alone as a great series. Not yet it doesn't stand alone. It will, but it doesn't yet. On edit, it is remarkable to me how many people do not understand the definition of a "stand alone" series. A stand-alone series has nothing to do with quality or excellence - it refers simply to a show that can be readily understood by one who has never viewed Breaking Bad. Until we are shown who Walt was and how his actions caused Saul to become a fugitive, and how Saul came to avail himself of the services of Ed the vacuum disappearer, and get relocated to Omaha, Nebraska with a new identity, no viewer who has not seen BB is going to understand how Saul became Gene.
Subject material aside, shouting won't get you upvotes.
&gt; Where have they said that? Sorry about that - I responded to the wrong thread/ wrong person/ wrong question. On edit: In one of the Talking Saul episodes, Peter Gould said "Kim isn't around in Breaking Bad, so we have to assume she is gone by then and it probably won't be a happy day when she goes." (I'm paraphrasing) The closest I've been able to find in print to that statement is here: *But has your sense of what the bad spot would be changed? When we started, there was this sense that a Jimmy/Kim breakup would be very sad, that that would be the saddest thing we could think of and perhaps the worst fate for either of them. I don't think I feel that way anymore, and it's fascinating how the nightmare scenario for Kim has shifted over the years.* "The nightmare scenario is definitely not that she breaks up with Jimmy. The nightmare scenario is that she doesn't. We all love these two together, and it's interesting because the fact that this is a prequel really does give us different notes to play. Obviously not everyone who watches the show has watched Breaking Bad, but it gives us a different feeling when we see the two of them together, just the fact that there's this context around the scenes, that you know this is not going to last. Having said that, we're all mortal, and nothing lasts forever. I agree with you. Sometimes I hear people say, "Maybe Kim is still in his life when he's Saul," and I'm not going to say it's impossible, but in some ways that seems more tragic, or as tragic, as Jimmy becoming Saul Goodman." https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/fien-print/better-call-saul-season-4-finale-peter-gould-interview-1150351
He is the perfect man for the job. The Fixer, aka chief of security.
That is close to the picture I have in my head for the last 2 seasons of BCS. Additionally I think S5 will see the breakup with Kim, probably in the last 3 episodes, as well as a scary meeting with Lalo. I like your idea of a brief scene showing Jesse in Alaska.
I've wondered the same thing. The superlab must get built, and at this point the blasting is done, so finishing it won't require demolition/explosives experts. That scene with Mike supervising the welder(s) does point that direction.
I'd prefer to see a vignette of Jesse working with wood in Alaska, separate and apart from Gene's world.
That's what the OP said, 10 episodes of BB era and the last 3 of Gene.
Like I said, Peter Gould said something far more to the point in an episode of "Talking Saul."
He does seem destined to play a role in something criminal, whether as a participant or as a hapless victim. I can't see any other reason for bringing him into the storyline since from the collection of lucite awards on Kim's shelves at S&amp;C, it looks like most of the MV branch offices have already opened.
Primarily Chuck, but he was also looking for Kim's approval.
The ability to zoom in on details, fast-forward and back up, and stop on particular frames enhances my viewing pleasure. Expecting there to be no inconsistencies or anomalies in the details is just not realistic. I'm far more impressed by the consistencies in the plot and character development of the show (which are many) than in the few picayune irrelevant details that don't add up. Most of the details viewed at slow speed or zoomed in on add significantly to the excellence of the series and demonstrate how much work on the part of the writers and art department go into each episode.
It will never make sense until Gene, and what led him to become Gene, is explained. And without a resolution of some sort for Gene, the BCS story will never be complete, aka stand-alone. A character study, however fascinating, cannot stand on its own without a plot.
Where exactly do you recall seeing/hearing this early reference to "Cinnabon in Omaha" in BB prior to Saul and Walter White at the vacuum store? Because I have watched the full series of BB on multiple occasions, the most recent a couple weeks ago, and have no recollection of any such thing. It isn't a guess. Ed gave the Omaha NE location to Saul and set him up in an employment situation at Cinnabon that allowed him a fast track to a position as manager.
I don't see it happening. Vince and Gould strike me as old school types who aren't gamers or into comic books.
Chuck didn't bring up the Chicago sunroof until he had gone off the rails, and was well into his crazy rant. His professionalism was out the window by that time.
Kim is not going to move back to the Kansas/Nebraska border for the same reasons she left it in the first place. I predict she will move to Maine.
&gt;Kim standing on the staircase at HHM? It looks like the same place as her post it montage. What possible reason is there for Kim to be at a dimly lit HHM? I'm guessing this hallway is at the courthouse. HHM's hallway was open, well lit with windows on all sides, and modern minimalist style hand rails and stairs. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9L-7OHnKp9E That's all I got. I have no clue about the other scenes.
Seriously!? I always thought that object whirring briefly in front of the camera was a wasp or hornet, something really nasty that added to the scary-ness of this deserted location. This puts a whole new spin on it.
That is true, but I'm willing to bet the correlation wasn't intentional on the part of Vince or Peter. Perhaps some of the younger writers were inspired by the comic book world.
&gt;Makes as much sense as anything else people are throwing out there. There's no denying that.
As far as the debt goes, BCS was filmed before the credit industry decided to make permanent debt slaves out of all college and university students, so you can assume you would be working for pittance wages with down and out clients or relegated to doc review in some law firm, and on top of that you would have crushing debt. I think you need 3+ years of pre-law courses followed by more years at a law school. Jimmy most likely had no debt because his correspondence school classes were probably affordable on his mail room salary.
These were posted earlier with brief synopses for each episode: https://old.reddit.com/r/betterCallSaul/comments/etgtn7/all_episode_titlesminidescriptions_for_season_5/
Yeah, true about that. I wasn't thinking old style comics, but more along the lines of graphic novels of this current century which I can't really see Vince creating, but he could surprise me.
The set building crew deserves massive appreciation. They are impeccable artists.
No, Saul Goodman is a *criminal* lawyer, not an assassin. Suggesting to criminal clients that they kill another criminal in the interest of self-defense does not equate to advising a client to off someone who is not "in the game," nor is it the same thing as personally murdering anyone. A good portion of Saul's income is from the drug trade, but he doesn't cook meth or sling crystal himself.
From the description of that episode and the following episode: &gt;!spoiler! Kim tries to pump the brakes on Saul's latest scheme&lt; &gt;!spoiler! Kim sets things straight with her clients while Jimmy is compromised by his&lt;. it seems like one of Saul's schemes will somehow involve both Saul's new clients and Kim's PD clients, threatening Kim's pro-bono work that is so important to her. I think that using the objects of Kim's altruistic new life to enact one of his sleazy scams will be what pits these two against each other. To take that a little further, I'm going to predict that the "Something Unforgivable" episode will be Saul disillusioning Kim by shattering her dream of "making a difference" when his (attempted) scam reveals to Kim just how unworthy her PD clients actually are, much as the words of advice given her by the judge who first assigned her the PD overload foretold.
The actors seem as excited as we, the viewers are.
Ken Wins, except he'll lose when he meets Walt. Saul has an ear piece now just like his.
It's more than possible, it's almost a certainty.
When (not if) Walt does appear (in Season 6 probably) it will not be a brief cameo. He was the major player in BB, and his character is essential to the plot of BCS, to explain how Saul becomes Cinnabon Gene.
This? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AL1YpSgUjY0&amp;feature=youtu.be
You'll want some descriptions to go with those titles: &gt;!spoiler!501: Magic Man &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy unveils his new legal persona, Saul Goodman; Lalo discovers a flaw within his operation. &gt;!spoiler!Now doing business as Saul Goodman, Jimmy unveils an unorthodox strategy for client development that tests Kim's tolerance of his new legal persona; Lalo searches for the mysterious Michael, only to discover a problem within his own operation. &gt;!spoiler!502: 50% Off &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy's promotional stunt has unintended consequences; Nacho takes extreme measures to earn Lalo's trust; Saul is a success at the courthouse but still has yet to win Kim over; simmering with rage and self-loathing, Mike loses his temper. &gt;!spoiler!503: The Guy For This &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy's business enters uncharted territory; Kim's confidence is tested when she's faced with a legal problem only she can solve; Nacho navigates increased pressure from Gus; Mike continues to spiral. &gt;!spoiler!504: Namaste &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy entertains an interesting proposition; Mike attempts to smooth things over with his family. &gt;!spoiler!As Jimmy doubles down on Saul Goodman; a deeply conflicted Kim brings him an interesting proposition; Gus makes a sacrifice in order to play the long game; Mike attempts to smooth things over with his family. &gt;!spoiler!505: Dedicado a Max &gt;!spoiler!Mike takes an impromptu trip out of town; as she and Jimmy grow closer over their campaign to help a client, Kim makes a surprising call. &gt;!spoiler!506: Wexler v. Goodman &gt;!spoiler!Kim tries to pump the brakes on Jimmy's latest scheme, but it may be too late to stop Saul; Mike turns the heat up on Lalo; Nacho attempts to enlist support from above. &gt;!spoiler!507: JMM &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy and Kim build a legal firewall with help from Huell; Kim sets things straight with her clients as Jimmy is compromised by his; Gus, at war on all fronts, calms troubled waters in service of his plot to build an empire; Mike does damage control. &gt;!spoiler!508: Bagman &gt;!spoiler!When a simple errand for a client goes sideways, Jimmy is pushed to the limit; Mike takes measures to contain the wrath of the cartel; Lalo gets an unexpected visitor. &gt;!spoiler!509: Bad Choice Road &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy tries to return to business as usual; Kim takes stock of her life. &gt;!spoiler!In the wake of Jimmy's traumatic misadventure, Kim takes stock of what is important; Jimmy attempts to return to business as usual, but it's more difficult than anticipated; Gus and Mike set a plan in motion. &gt;!spoiler!510: Something Unforgivable &gt;!spoiler!Jimmy and Kim make a sideways move that takes a serious turn; Nacho gets closer to the cartel than he'd like.&lt;
If that does happen this season, I'd expect it will take place in episode 7 because of this description: Jimmy and Kim build a legal firewall (with help from Huell). I also think it might be Kim who suggests/proposes marriage, for this reason. As much as I'd love to see this happen, I think it's more likely that the episode 7 description refers to the birth of Ice Station Zebra Associates, but we'll see.
Definitely a keychain. It looks like a partially disfigured frog's head. I rotated it, lightened it, and enlarged it here: https://ibb.co/9Zd6Q5n It almost looks like it has the body of a blow fish, and it looks like it was burnt.
I searched for it but can't find it now. It was a photo of her standing with Vince or Peter and I think one of the BCS actors. I was going to make a comment to the effect of "Oh god no, not Marie again." but didn't unfortunately. If I had I'd be able to find it again.
I remember that. The photo I saw was posted more recently, less than a month ago I think. She had long hair in this photo, not the shorter hair she wore in BB.
I'm willing to bet they all have work visas.
I keep hope alive for a happy reunion of Viktor and Giselle in the Cinnabon era, going to the real Belize.
I think he will get to the real Belize, not the metaphoric one. That Central American passport is not in his shoebox for nothing. It will play a role before all is said and done.
I'm rude if I didn't like the character of Marie? I didn't like Skyler's or Walter's personas either. How is that "rude?" Walt and Hank (two characters I didn't like) are essential to the plot so i assume and expect that they will be back. Marie and Skyler are not, so I hope neither of those 2 *characters* will be seen again.
I will be happy not to have to to suffer through the return of the characters of Marie and Skyler, just as I am happy that Chuck is gone. What possible ramifications does that have for the actors playing those roles? It seems you are reading a lot into my comment that was never there. It would be kind of hard to reprise those roles without the return of the actors who played them and vice versa. I'm frankly happy that Chuck (the fictional character) is dead and won't be coming back. That has zero to do with Michael McKean's fine acting talents. If I had said I was happy that Mr McKean wouldn't be coming back again, well that would be something else again.
Not sure why you have such difficulty discerning a fictional character from an actor who plays that character. If it's dissing anyone, it would be the writers who created a particular character, but I'm not casting blame on them either. It just is what it is.
Susie is my favorite character on the show, hands down. She never fails to make me laugh. Thing that bothers me about this scene - it's an oil painting -wouldn't the spilled wine just have been easily removed with a damp cloth?
Do you think Michael McKean is upset that there exists an entire sub named "Fuck Chuck?"
Francesca's evolution will be something to see for sure.
I think they were hired as construction workers, but I agree it was under the cover of Madrigal.
Saul: "Where are you gonna be on 12 Nov 3 PM?" Francesca: "I'll be here, but if it doesn't ring at 3 PM on the dot, I'm out of here."
That's a brilliant idea. I've always figured that the passport would be used later in the Cinnabon era, but perhaps your version is more likely. Could have something to do with setting up Ice Station Zebra.
&gt; I’d love to see more of the relationship between her and Gus For sure.
That's a shame. It is the *Inflatable* montage where Jimmy unpacks his new wardrobe and then wears a selection to work at D&amp;M.
I voted for him in the primary in my state, but I'll be voting for him again in November via write-in.
It is not a fake. My husband's bills for 6 months of hospital and nursing home costs would have bankrupted us if not for our Medicare and BC supplemental insurance. Yes, medical care is that expensive.
They will certainly reunite in Omaha.
I will never vote for that corporate-owned war-hawking pervert, or anyone like him. Don't even go there.
Two ships in the same fleet.
The low level dealers would drop off the money at a pre-arranged location, and one of Gus' men would pick it up later (and perhaps would also leave the next batch of drugs for the dealer to sell, but I'm not certain about this). The point of the dead drops was so that the low level dealers never had any contact with Gus' money collector guy, much less Gus himself, and thus could not identify higher ups in the organization if caught.
Kaylee was played by a 5 yr old actress in the early scenes of BCS where Mike and his DIL and granddaughter have all just relocated from Philly to ABQ. She was replaced with another girl who was supposed to be seven-ish years old (and replaced again when that actress aged faster than the show's timeline). A couple years presumably had passed in the storyline. In 4 years time the 11-ish age of the first actress to play Kaylee in BB will be more or less accurate. It's not perfect, but it's only a minor discrepancy.
What is wrong with you? I would vote for a fence post before I would vote for the idiot in the WH. NEITHER Biden nor Trump is a better choice.
The story doesn't end with Saul - it goes on into Cinnabon-land where a meet up of Gene and Kim is pretty much a certainty.
That was because they had contact with Walt, the destroyer of lives. Still Saul and Francesca and Jesse and Walt's family all lived to tell the tale. I'd be willing to bet .0005 btc that Kim and Gene do not end up dead.
Kim, like most women, probably has a rainbow collection of nail polishes, and selected the ubiquitous red for this task because pale beige or pastel pink would not show up against that yellow background.
I don't find her at all annoying. She's a good mom to Kaylee, a hard worker, and, once she learned what was going on with Mike and her husband's murderers, she demonstrated her loyalty by telling the investigating cops nothing about Mike's involvement.
4 years away from the start of BB
The savings in the cost of labor for the fraction of a percent of man hours required for an employee to cut the pizza.
I'll say this: with all the stresses the pandemic is causing, it's great to have this forum to unload on Chuck. It's cathartic. On the other hand, deserving or not, Chuck is too well isolated to catch the virus. He was social distancing before it was cool.
I have read that almost nothing (not boiling water nor bleach) poured into a drain will kill drain flies. These insects have some remarkable survival skills. The best advice from my research seemed to be to keep the drain(s) clear of all organic debris that the flies feed on, and the flies will die of starvation. I had an infestation this past winter. I first thought they were fruit flies, but realized they were drain flies. About the same time I had this revelation, my somewhat slow kitchen drain became slower still. (I have no idea what the obstruction was because I do not have a garbage disposal and am scrupulous about preventing any food waste from going down the drain. However something managed to cause the blockage.) My solution was to buy several large jugs of drain cleaner. It took 3 treatments to get my kitchen drain completely opened up, but that did the trick. Within a few days the flies were gone and my kitchen sink drain is working flawlessly. Good luck. Drain flies are annoying pests.
Probably they'll use existing footage for exterior shots, maybe combined with CGI.
Thank you for motivating me to finally look up Matthew Brady.
That's hilarious. Where did you find this shirt?
There were so many foreshadowings of death by fire that I was absolutely convinced Chuck would never die this way... because it would be just too obvious. Misdirection at its finest.
He needed to destroy the evidence (security tape footage) and eliminate the witness (Fred).
Kaylee calls him Pop-Pop. Stacey calls him Pop.
Child actors grow up faster than the speed of production and filming, hence there have been 4 actresses to play Kaylee and will probably be a 5th before all is said and done. They were: Faith Healey (5 yr old actress playing a very young Kaylee in scenes where Mike and Stacey had just moved from Philly to ABQ) Abigail Zoe Lewis (supposed to be somewhere around 7-8 yrs) Juliet Donenfeld (took over for Ms Lewis who grew up too fast to continue the role) Kaija Bales (the original actress, supposed to be 11 ish in BB)
Well, 11 (or maybe 10) is what BB Kaylee is supposed to be. I have no idea how old Kaija was when playing her.
That's a tough one. It sounds like you've tried every trick in the book.
It could be that Tuco doesn't check Hector out of the care home until S2 right before his planned relocation to Mexico (with Walt in tow). On edit: I guess we can presume that Tuco's abuelita has passed away by this time?
It would have been hard to find out the truth. Saul alleged that the mom was "Jorge's" *fiance* and her kids considered "Jorge" to be like a dad to them. These facts are not something that could be easily proved one way or the other, providing that the "family" members stuck to the story, which I'm sure they were paid well to do. Discovering that Jorge de Guzman is an assumed name would be an easier reveal.
You guys make an amazingly cute couple, and you both bear an uncanny resemblance to those you're trying to emulate! That's a fabulous portrait. Go Land Crabs!
I'm guessing he's smarter though.
Jesse. His name is Jesse.
Nice! I particularly like Walt and Gus, but they're all good.
Happy birthday and many more!
I'm surprised at how many people take the Kettlemans seriously. They are meant to be a joke, the kind of clients that give attorneys a headache, but a few steps crazier than that. "They're not playing with a full deck, those Kettlemans."
I'm a big fan of worm castings and used coffee grounds. Back when we kept goldfish, pond water gave all our vegies and flowers a boost.
Refill with dirt and start new plants in them from seed. I have similar trays and pots that I reuse every year. Unfortunately much plastic waste is difficult and costly to recycle, but many items can be reused for years. Some garden stores near me request the return of pots and trays so that they can be reused.
I had a winter parka that had an inner lining of some sort of reflective metallic cloth (as well as thick filling of insulated lightweight material on top of that). It was the warmest thing I ever owned, so I think the trick is to have the mylar layer next to your body, but you can add layers of insulation over the mylar. (RIP jacket. My shark/piranha jawed puppy got hold of it once too many times and it finally disintegrated from age and bite wounds.)
It's aluminium everywhere else in the world and in the global scientific community, but we Americans are too lazy to pronounce the extra syllable so we've shortened it to aluminum. I think we have the Alcoa Corporation's marketing campaign of the 1950s to thank for that.
Very film noir-ish.
&gt;So what does this mean? Who is Saul lying to about finding a big bag of money? Saul was suggesting that Walt tell this lie to the IRS to explain how he came to be in possession of tens of thousands in drug money. Walt declined to use this alibi, and Saul remarked that Walt's choice not to use this alibi was OK with him, aka "works for me."
It's not *legally* right. Morals/ethics are another thing - everyone does not share the same moral compass.
You don't speak for all of us.
I'm not stupid enough to keep my money in a bank.
The interesting thing about Kim and Jimmy is how their working class family backgrounds, replete with money troubles, have influenced their characters as adults. Jimmy reveres money while Kim's main focus has become helping the disadvantaged.
Consider whatever moral compasses you wish, but yours is not all. I'll refer you to Mike's iconic statement on the subject to Pryce, (paraphrased here) "I've known bad cops, good criminals, but if you're going to be a criminal you keep your word. Good or bad, that's up to you."
Upvoted for your first sentence.
Good thing that the writers' world view is broader than your own.
She's well preserved.
Looks great! Basil is my favorite herb (with thyme a close 2nd). I may just have to grow some myself after seeing yours. It's always better fresh off the plant.
Speaking of jewelry, I bet we get to see the return of Tuco's silver boxing gloves in S6.
Telling Jimmy that his mom called out for him would only make him feel guilty forever for going out for sandwiches while she was dying. It's not like Jimmy has ever had any doubt of his mother's love for him. Not telling him was a kindness, although Chuck didn't withhold this out of kindness. Chuck was struggling to keep his composure and not break down again in front of people, which is why he kept silent. For what it's worth I detest Chuck, but not for this reason.
A meeting is pretty much a certainty, but how that meeting will go is anyone's guess.
I think the reason why BCS appeals more to me than BB ever did is because the main characters in BB were unlikable, but in BCS that isn't the case. I liked BB, but it didn't make my list of all time favorite TV series. BCS has.
I never said Chuck did this out of kindness. I said he did not. Intentions aside, not telling him did Jimmy a kindness.
What Nacho needs is for his dad to agree to go with him to Canada.
The Leftovers, The Sopranos, and Twin Peaks are worth a watch. True Detective and Mad Men as well.
The French guy demonstrated he could not be trusted to keep his mouth shut when he bragged about building a tunnel under the border into El Paso. Also he was glossing over what the job would entail, claiming that blasting would be unnecessary, and offering a vague reference to "modern methods" without providing any details.
Gus maybe looks ok, but Mike looks like a different actor altogether. Creepy, as you said.
If I could have expanded the list, I'd have included BB. It would definitely make my list of 20 favorite series. (I've been alive a long time, so I included some really old shows that made an impression on me back in the day.)
Marked on my calendar. Thanks for posting.
I've always thought it would be fitting punishment for Chuck to be able to look down from the realm of the dead to witness Saul in action. I doubt it would bother him as much as if Jimmy had continued to use the McGill name though. I think if Chuck had not died, he'd probably be continuing to try to sabotage his brother's career, and perhaps might succeed.
&gt;Now, imagine if that ex-addict brother, who most of his life has amounted to being little more than a thief, surprises you one day by becoming a licensed pharmacist. Wouldn't that set off alarm bells in your head? That's a good analogy.
Chuck lacks empathy because he feels intellectually superior to most everyone else on the planet. He regards others as pawns to be moved around a chessboard. The only exceptions to this that we get to see are Rebecca and his parents, and in both cases he loses out. Rebecca tires of his controlling ways and he is never able to win his parents' love (to the same extent that they loved Jimmy at least). I could almost feel sorry for him. *Almost* being the operative word.
He only rescued Jimmy at his mother's tearful request, and he got Kim out of doc review because he believed she had learned her lesson and he could now use her for his own purposes, seeing as she had demonstrated herself to be an valuable asset to the firm by securing the MV case. Neither action was motivated by kindness or selflessness.
"There's just one little 'hanging chad.' You've got to make a video."
Added to my "gotta buy" list. Thanks for the tip.
The best part of El Camino was Todd and his bizarre terrariums and snowglobes with a miniature Lydia, but it was also disturbing enough that I haven't been tempted to rewatch it.
It is Jimmy's office at Davis and Main, not exactly a "Sandpiper office."
Jimmy and Marco didn't counterfeit the Rolex. Jimmy didn't identify it as one either. The mark did that. Most likely the mark could be arrested for taking a watch and wallet off a dead guy.
Contrary to what Chuck claimed to believe, the law is not sacred. Unjust laws have existed throughout history. Human kindness on the other hand is one of man's redeeming traits, and Chuck possessed none of this, while Jimmy had it in spades.
Saul mentioned 2 ex-wives in BB, and we know that Kim was wife #3.
Mabel (from the French "ma belle")
That would be my guess too.
