Because he's a bargain on a free transfer.
Solari is the coach so it's his responsibility to make calls about who plays. Courtois imo is clearly better than Navas so I'm satisfied watching him getting most of the playing time. I also think having Navas (and Casilla) on the bench is a waste.
Good first half, underwhelming second half. Right side was a joy to watch, Carvajal and Vasquez did well. M.Llorente and Courtois were also positive. A ton of clean sheets since Solari took over, a good sign. Up front the squad is lacking though, need to create more and more importantly, finish better.
RM are not doing shit. They comfortably beat their CL group and are 3 points away from top of the league with one more game played. They've deteriorated compared to last season and even moreso compared to 2016-17 but they are not shit. Especially lately with Solari they've looked average at worst.
Lol, how's LV being public enemy #1 for good reason ? He's been shit all season long up till yesterday but he's a bench player. There are many others in front of him with more responsibility. The RM board, Lopetegui, starting players, even bench players that are higher in hierarchy like Asensio.
Carvajal has had plenty of underwhelming games so no way that's true. Best players have probably been Courtois, Kroos, Benzema. Dunno if you have watched a lot of M.Llorente at Castilla/Alaves to assess him as an amazing player but if it's just on what he's done at RM's first team, that's definitely premature. He's had two good games in a row which is exciting but still, that's a small sample.
True but a new coach is bound to make mistakes, what matters is learning from them. When Zidane took over, he also made mistakes initially (eg. Casemiro).
Walking around a lot is almost mandatory if you are gonna play a ridiculous amount of minutes year after year. Kroos, Ronaldo, Messi, Ramos, they all do it. Key thing is to be efficient despite that.
It's a delicate balance and few manage the transition well as it means they'll have to abandon plays they've used in their whole career and learn new ones to remain effective. Ronaldo is the best example of that, complete transition from skinny winger with excessive showmanship to ripped goalscorer with ridiculous efficiency.
&gt; How we played so poorly and still won 3-0 is beyond me. That was a trademark complain in RM games for quite some years, both from RM fans and others. Efficiency &gt; style.
Imo there are no meaningful tips, you just have to do it, preferably continuously, without other games or big brakes interjecting. It's the same with other complicated games or even outside gaming, reading a complex book/series etc. If you can't do that and you prefer hopping through games cRPGs is probably not a good idea. A big part of the appeal is putting a lot of effort in the start to learn the mechanics and the story so that you are ready to enjoy more advanced mechanics and narrative. If you stop and start many times, you essentially get all the negatives with reduced benefits. Plus the fact that these games are made in a way to ease you in in the start, getting back into it mid story is even harder hence why you feel like completely restarting.
Literally half of my comment mentions the negative side of it so your comment seems pointless. Except if your whole purpose was to bash Ronaldo.
Recently went through a lot of Asimov's works, how do you like it so far ? My favourites were I Robot, The Stars Like Dust, original Foundation trilogy, Forward the Foundation, End of Eternity. A bunch of good short stories too. Most surprising thing for me was how with so much material there have been almost zero films/tv shows on his works. There's only the I Robot film which barely qualifies as inspired and a old Soviet film based on End of Eternity. It surprisingly does a decent job up till the end and as with most of Asimov's works, the ending is crucial.
Personally, the detective genre in general never appealed to me so Asimov's takes are probably the only ones of that style I've read. The detective and the robot is a classic trope but Asimov certainly did it well and the overarching story is solid. It reminded me of Hyperion at times although the endings are complete opposites, Asimov explains everything, Hyperion is like a rabbit hole.
From the authors you've listed I've only read His Dark Materials and Good Omens so our tastes are obviously different. Still, my personal favourites beyond classics like LotR-WoT are The First Law World, Hyperion Cantos, early GGK (Tigana till Lord of Emperors). They certainly aren't high fantasy or comedy.
Better seems a bit of a stretch, it would be a sign that the author did something wrong. Still, some backstories that looked very appealing were Lord of the Rings, Wheel of Time and First Law.
It's been years since I read them but I vividly remember the desire to read more about Arthur Hawkwing and the other continent across the sea.
Some people think Juventus winning a CL final is a myth but there [is a way](https://youtu.be/uedQ2Ys1gu0?t=104).
Lol, since when is linking a video an act of desperation ? Yeah, Real Madrid is one to talk, especially against Juventus. Real Madrid and the spanish league in general have never been convicted of match fixing. Italy on the other hand has historically been by far the most corrupt league with [multiple match fixing scandals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Match_fixing_in_association_football#Italy), the most high profile one [in 2006 with Juventus at its center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Italian_football_scandal) and the club getting stripped of 2 league titles plus getting relegated to serie B. I was rather young in 1998 so I don't remember details but there's no way there were 2 offside goals as there was 1 goal scored overall. You are making the accusation that the game was fixed, you come up with the evidence like videos etc. There's nothing else Juventus or any team can do but accept the refereeing mistakes and move on. All clubs have benefited and suffered by refereeing, that's the nature of the sport. Juventus didn't steal Ronaldo, they just bought him.
I've read plenty of stuff and I didn't say Juventus was relegated for match fixing. They were stripped of 2 league titles and relegated though with the final decision of the [supreme court stating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Italian_football_scandal#Later_developments): &gt; On 9 September 2015, the Supreme Court released a 150-page document that explained its final ruling of the case. Despite that Moggi's (Juventus General Manager) remaining charges were cancelled without a new trial due to statute of limitations, the court made clear that Moggi's unwarranted activities incurred significant damage to Italian football not only in sporting, but also in economic terms. In the document, the court confirmed that **Moggi was actively involved in the sporting fraud which was intended to favor Juventus** and increase his own personal benefits. The document also stated that **Moggi had "unjustified and excessive power within Italian football", which he used to exert influence over referees, other club officials and media, thereby creating "an illegal system to condition matches of the 2004/05 championship (and not just those)".** What does moving on have to do with talking about the past ? What kind of ridiculous thinking is that ? Whenever someone talks about something in the past it means he hasn't "moved on" ? Lmao. I didn't randomly bring up Boniek's penalty or start this discussion, it was in response to someone claiming RM has been doing well due to referees and with VAR they'll fail. Why didn't you reply to the initial comment telling him to "move on" and the rest of that rubbish ? Why would I be upset ? Football overall makes me upset very rarely and R.Madrid's recent years have certainly not been at all upsetting. Why do you stop just at Modric Ballon d'Or being due to shady Perez, why not include the world cup mvp award, the uefa award, the fifa award... Why not put everything you don't like in football down to Perez and R.Madrid ? It would make football so much easier for you. Shove individual awards up your ass for all I care. Moving on doesn't mean being oblivious about the past.
The Italian league has had more match fixing scandals than any else. Juventus has not been convicted of match fixing but it was [close to it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Italian_football_scandal#Later_developments): &gt; On 9 September 2015, the Supreme Court released a 150-page document that explained its final ruling of the case. Despite that Moggi's (Juventus General Manager) remaining charges were cancelled without a new trial due to statute of limitations, the court made clear that Moggi's unwarranted activities incurred significant damage to Italian football not only in sporting, but also in economic terms. In the document, the court confirmed that **Moggi was actively involved in the sporting fraud which was intended to favor Juventus** and increase his own personal benefits. The document also stated that **Moggi had "unjustified and excessive power within Italian football", which he used to exert influence over referees, other club officials and media, thereby creating "an illegal system to condition matches of the 2004/05 championship (and not just those)".**
"Outside" money getting poured into football clubs is the norm, not the exception. If anything, RM and Barcelona being owned by thousands of members, means less outside money than the vast majority of clubs which have been owned by tycoons or mega corporations. Franco and Salazar didn't teach jack shit. The masses love football/sports/entertainment no matter the circumstances. You can go 2500 years back in the [birthplace of direct democracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_democracy#Early_Athens), people [still loved sports](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Olympic_Games). The correlation between forms of government and sports popularity is minimal.
That's not because there's a noteworthy amount of people that believe Benzema was better than Immobile. It's because the voting system is completely focused on getting the top 3-4 right, not make a extended ranking of the best players 1-10 or 1-30 etc.
And then James surprisingly found out he wasn't even in the list for the bench.
Congrats to Modric and the rest of RM players that got close. Modric is an extraordinary player with exceptional performances for 5+ years. Personally I think the final ranking is quite wrong but it is what it is, hopefully they improve their voting process next season.
Ricky Gervais, the only host that drew my interest.
Two important facts, he played a bunch of friendlies as Hungary became something of a touring attraction. A lot of those friendlies weren't "friendly", both teams gave 100%. Secondly, he stopped from the Hungarian national team very early at 29. For context, Puskas had ridiculous longevity as he joined R.Madrid at the age of 31 and won 5 League titles and 3 European Cups, the last of which in his final season at the age of 39. So, under different circumstances where football wasn't affected by politics and the Hungarian national team wasn't disbanded, Puskas would have probably doubled his stats reaching ~150+ goals/games.
Didn't watch the game. Surprised by Solari fielding a relatively strong line up. Watched the goals, they were pretty good.
What do you mean "unclassy" ? Someone like Diego Costa ? I'd take him over the classy one even if he scored just 1 goal more. It's a competition, I don't care about classiness.
What sounds more appealing to me is a podcast style discussion between 2-3 knowledgeable people focused mostly on high level football, how the top 4-5 competitions are going, the top ~10 teams, the best players etc.
Not the best replay but seeing as it was an easy goal, any kind of hindrance by the defender should be a penalty and a red card and I think that's what should have been given there. Decent challenge by the defender though. He made it look controversial which is great in this impossible situations as long as VAR isn't around. It was quite risky though since it's mid-game, if it was 75+min, it would have been a great move.
Yeah but it also was the epitome of a wasted opportunity. If Ajax had managed to hold on to some of those young stars and bought/sold better, they might have been a permanent top 10-15 team since then. It was the best moment with modern football rising, a ton of marketing/tv money etc. A lot of big teams benefited massively from it establishing themselves as powerhouses while Ajax was like a farm for a few years and then became largely irrelevant till now.
It's a similar argument as democracy vs autocracy. In short, democracy is more stable, more consistent, low risk-average reward. It's mainly due to a much better error correction mechanism, meaning that if those elected are incompetent they might lose their position. Autocracy relies massively on the person holding all the power. If he's brilliant, he can achieve tremendous feats in a short span. If he's awful, he can ruin everything. High risk-high reward, error correction is very limited as all the power is on the top. There's also the problem of succession, even if an autocrat is brilliant, who follows can be very problematic. In general, if the masses are of a decent level, democracy is better. If the masses are a cesspool, I'd go with autocracy. Hopefully someone competent rises to take charge and fast forward the progression. If someone incompetent takes charge, well, maybe you merge with someone better or maybe you vanish and make room for others. In football terms, the data is massively skewed as on one side there's R.Madrid, Barcelona, a few more spanish teams and Bundesliga teams which aren't completely member owned but they lean towards that. On the other side there's everyone else, all clubs being owned by rich people either directly or through corporations. R.Madrid &amp; Barcelona members are at more than a decent level so democracy is better there. However it would be wrong to think that democracy is the sole reason of their success. In their history they've had quite a few elected presidents that to a large extent were autocrats, Bernabeu and Perez for RM, Nunez and Laporta&gt;Rosell&gt;Bartomeu at Barcelona. These two clubs also had a noteworthy advantage in that throughout history, south american players were far more likely to transfer to Spain than anywhere else due to similarities in culture, language etc.
75mil for him seems reasonable. Have barely seen him but he looks impressive and if half of the hype revolving him is true, I'd have liked RM to go for him.
Not following Dortmund super closely but imo the decline started with the ankle brake injury in the end of 2017-18. He didn't miss many games because of the summer but it was a serious injury and he never found his form again.
Things are usually strange when you are unable to understand them. I don't think there's much strangeness in the things you listed.
Which are the top 2-3 either by popularity or quality ?
It was brutal. RM was clearly better than Bayern but they just came short. Imo Mourinho was a detrimental reason for that disqualification, he opted to be very conservative with the game going to extra time&gt;penalties and Bayern welcomed it as they were inferior. Worst part is that to a large extent that was the final as an underwhelming Chelsea was waiting in the final. History could have been quite different for RM and Mourinho if that Bayern semi had gone different although having the ensuing knowledge of how RM and Mourinho did in the years after, maybe it was better for RM it went that way.
In recent history, yeah the loss to Bayern in 2012 was the harshest one. Going further back in history, probably losing to Paisley's Liverpool in the CL final and to a lesser extent losing to Ferguson's Aberdeen in Cup Winner's Cup final.
Dunno if you are joking but if you are not, that's not how it works. Something can be 100% negative but affect people in various degrees and even not at all affect some. For example smoking, there are people where smoking wasn't detrimental in their health but that doesn't mean smoking isn't 100% negative.
The league was tight but I feel like he could have rested the squad a bit more heading into those Bayern games. Squad was indeed exhausted towards the end.
That's the first example that came into my mind although I didn't express it very well. There's obviously going to be some negative effects but it can definitely not be detrimental. My great granpa smoked all his life and lived to 100+ being in relatively great shape.
It's rare, especially in high profile cases, but it happens. Just this summer there were two instances of it with R.Madrid youngsters. [Mascarell and Torro were bought only to be sold again for a higher sum.](https://www.transfermarkt.com/real-madrid/alletransfers/verein/418)
I also looked at older transfers and there are almost none. There's only a Diogo guy in 2005 from River that I don't even remember. So only ~5 guys joining directly from those two clubs over many decades is weird. Most of them were memorable though, even Gago had some good moments in the back to back league titles.
Don't understand why teams put up walls in free kick occasions like [Barcelona's 4th goal](https://streamable.com/u2v7m). Messi doesn't have the ability to straight up blast it, he'll always curve it and all the wall does is delay the GK's reaction since by the time he sees the ball over the wall it's too late. If there was no wall, there's no way that shot wouldn't get saved.
Ι think the odds would be much better for the GK. Messi has scored extremely rarely by blasting it from such distances, even with the ball moving which is an advantage when you focus on power on the shot. If it was someone like R.Carlos/Zlatan/C.Ronaldo, then yeah, obviously put a wall.
Anyone can blast it from time to time but the question is consistency and Messi has been extremely rarely dangerous by blasting it from such distances, even in open play. Plus, you'd throw him off because he's mostly practicing the traditional way of free kick taking, not blasting it.
Having your own players form a wall to obstruct the GK field of view is an interesting idea but you'd lose almost any chance of getting a rebound or crossing the ball. Not sure what flicking the shot and changing its direction means. Like Messi shooting it straight and down so that a teammate would intentionally deflect it half way through ? Sounds somewhat impossible to me to get good consistent results that way.
Yeah that used to be super popular, there also often was a fake. However it has fallen out of favor and teams rarely do it nowadays.
Blasting it has advantages, it gives less time to the GK to react due to the trajectory being straight and having more power. That's why in open play there's way more normal shots than curved ones. Curving it adds accuracy and the ability to circumvent players, even the opposite GK.
Quite impressive. He's proven he's got the skill cap required to succeed in the NBA, question is whether he'll be able to keep up physically with the absolutely grueling NBA calendar.
There's a difference between someone finding the first insult available (fat/black/gay) and actually thinking that group of people as inferior etc. Dunno about elsewhere but in Europe there's plenty of people who swear like that or that are prejudiced negatively against blacks/muslims/gays etc. but actually considering them an inferior race or that by mixing with them you are decreasing the purity of your race etc., not many.
It's not an excuse, just a fact and saying black and fat cunt isn't the same. As for why use that insult, if he's close to hear, obviously to insult the person and hurt his feelings. If he's not close as the example of someone doing it in the stands of a game, it's a mechanism to express anger, blow off steam etc. Similar to how every culture will have weird swears that make little sense if taken literally, spanish puta madre or maricon, portuguese caralho, greek malaka. Vast majority of people saying those don't actually literally believe X person's mother is a whole or he's gay or he's a dick or he's a masturbator respectively.
No it doesn't. Someone can get angry with someone and latch on to the first characteristic that is often used to insult said person, eg. fat, gay, black, retarded etc. Obviously it's still terrible (and racist) behaviour but as I said, it's different to have that attitude and actually believe it permanently compared to resorting to it in special circumstances.
What part of it is unclear ? If you racially abuse someone on normal circumstances, yeah, you think they are inferior to you. It's not always like that though, some people do it only on special circumstances like being angry. It's similar to the difference between killing someone in cold blood and in the heat of passion. It's obviously not the same and laws also take into account. There are other reasons to do it than considering him inferior. If he's close to hear, obviously to insult the person and hurt his feelings. If he's not close as the example of someone doing it in the stands of a game, it's a mechanism to express anger, blow off steam etc. Obviously it's still terrible (and racist) behaviour.
It is racism and I clearly said it above: &gt; Obviously it's still terrible (and racist) behaviour but as I said, it's different to have that attitude and actually believe it permanently compared to resorting to it in special circumstances.
Lol, he rocked Fabiano with that punch! Always rated him, RM legend.
I think it's better for the sport to get at least a 2 week break but purely from an enjoyment point of view, yeah it's cool to have games. EPL alone fills the void, this time especially there's a tight race so it's gonna be quite interesting.
Peak Salah imo. Obviously Suarez has had a much better career but Salah last season was outstanding. If he hadn't gotten injured in the CL final, I'm convinced he'd have a good game as he started well. It might not have been enough to win but still, a good showing there and a bit more on the world cup, he'd be the best player of the season imo. Suarez never reached best player of the season level plus Salah did it with a much inferior squad.
I think that going easy in training for 2-3 weeks can be beneficial both physically and mentally. For smaller teams that usually play 1 game per week, yeah the benefits of a break are less.
No joke. I'm talking player of the season fullstop, not player of the season in England with Liverpool coming 2nd in the league, failing in domestic cups, without even participating in europe. Then Suarez went to the world cup, embarrassed himself and ended up playing again 5 months later in November. Imo, peak Suarez was calendar year 2015 till the end of the 2015-16 season, so around 1.5 year, his beginning at Barcelona subtracting the initial half season where he was banned and trying to adjust. Hence Suarez having the much superior squad, Barcelona won a treble and a domestic double in that time period. Liverpool last season was decent till mid season, then became pretty good and Salah was the absolute carry. Suarez had Messi-Neymar-Busquets-Iniesta, ridiculous amount of help.
I think it's pretty straight forward for the last ~20 years that I've followed football. DM: Makelele LCM in 4-3-3 formation: Kroos RCM in 4-3-3: Modric "10": Zidane Left winger in 4-4-2: McManaman Right winger in 4-4-2: Figo Left winger in 4-3-3: Ronaldo Right winger in 4-3-3: Robben Hierro, Redondo, Seedorf, Guti, Alonso were very good to great players but the above were better imo (taking both peak and duration into consideration). I only rate Seedorf higher but he only played 1 season at R.Madrid when he was very young so he's not that relevant.
Doubt it. Since Guardiola took over 10 years ago, Barcelona in general loses quite rarely. There's also the psychological and experience factors, Barcelona is much stronger in that regard. Dunno what kind of lineup Valverde will field but if it's their starters, I think Totenham's chance of winning is low, something like 20%.
I think that's a red card but it's not an extreme mistake, giving a yellow instead. Mistakes are always going to happen, even with var. The point is significantly reducing the number of mistakes and decreasing the large number of incidents where players try to cheat the referee by simulating a penalty or red card and hitting an opponent when the ball is away. As for how to make referees more certain about their judgement, make the rulebook more clear so there are no ambiguous instances and train/instruct the referees better so they are more consistent. By doing these two, a referee seeing an incident in replay will be less prone to judge it wrongly.
Not what you are asking but for similar stuff I use transfermarkt. For example, say I wanted to see the starting XI for R.Madrid in 2013-14, [I'll go](https://www.transfermarkt.com/real-madrid/leistungsdaten/verein/418/plus/0?reldata=%262013) RM&gt;Squad&gt;Stats&gt;Total 13/14&gt;Display&gt;Rank by playing time.
I don't think Gerrard was better than Modric, I'd put them somewhere around equal though. Key advantages Gerrard had imo, firstly longer duration at the top level, he was a starter at Liverpool from a very young age competing against the best, having good european runs etc. Modric stayed a decent while at Croatia and then 4 years at Totenham mostly finishing 4th with zero noteworthy european runs. Secondly, Gerrard was much better than Modric in the final third of the pitch, he knew how to score goals and provide assists. Modric is quite underwhelming in the final third, can't score to save his life and provides assists infrequently. Modric has achieved tremendous feats since he joined R.Madrid but he hasn't been their star player. He's been say 2nd-4th mvp in those seasons.
True for 3/4 years but in general Totenham with or without Modric were garbage in Europe while Liverpool with Gerrard had plenty of great runs.
The gossip angle, yeah it's not appealing to me either both because I don't really care about it and because traditional journalism is trash, lying constantly and never held accountable. Sometimes however there's a sporting angle. For example Dembele having disciplinary issues is connected with him getting less playing time, problems adjusting, might be sold later etc. so it's interesting.
My point is Gerrard having a longer duration at the high level. He had 16 years finishing ~2nd-5th in the premier league and good european presence. Modric on the other hand was non existent in the top level whilst in Croatia, decent level with Totenham and super high level with RM. If you'd make a graph, for Madric it would start with 3 years at 2-3/10, 4 years at 6-7/10 and 6 years at 9-10/10. Gerrard would be 16 years at 6-9. Hence the longer duration at a high level.
Nah, you should support whatever you feel like. If disliking or even hating a squad is enjoyable, that's what you should do, football is there to entertain.
They definitely don't always win but compared to say below top 20 teams, yeah they win very often. Fun is subjective so it's perfectly fine to not enjoy supporting top clubs. However there's definitely a ton of people that enjoy it since these clubs have tons of fans.
I also think City are favourites but Liverpool certainly can. It's rare but Guardiola's teams can collapse. Remember his final year at Barcelona and more recently his first season at City, City started the league in outstanding fashion and then struggled. If Liverpool get on a level close to their second half of last season, they can definitely rack up a ton of points and challenge for the league title. Their biggest hurdle is the psychological factor, all of the players and the coach have a choking aspect in them so they'll have to overcome that to win the biggest titles.
It's more towards scifi but **Lord of Light** is straight up crazy till later in the book where you finally grasp what the hell is going on. Especially if you are in the vast majority of people who know little to nothing about South Asia religions/mythologies.
There are arguments for both yellow and red but imo the biggest issue was Mertens didn't look the same aftewards. Napoli relies heavily on him and with a goal down, they were toothless up front which somewhat ruined the game. It's similar to what happened with Salah in the CL final but to some extent it's also on the teams being unable to cope with stuff that inevitably happen in footabll.
For starters he'll be in his home country and in a new club environment, trying to impress different people etc. Current competition at RM is quite weaker. Bale-Isco-Asensio-Vasquez... all offensive players have struggled. The key question is what will happen next summer because if for example James-Hazard-Rodrygo all join, then there's no way he'll be getting time. That's why imo it's more sensible for all parties involved to wait till summer.
Watched till the 0-3, once more a terrible performance. Not that the starting eleven isn't failing either but the state of the bench this season has been phenomenally bad.
At the moment ? Greek teams have been shit for a long time. They'll soon stop featuring at all in the CL group stage and rightly so, they've milked uefa's money long enough.
Greek football has always been weak, they've just hit rock bottom in recent years. There used to be tycoons owning the top teams and putting in their own money and due to various reasons like the financial crisis, this has largely stopped. Thus clubs need to be managed super efficiently but they are incompetent and corrupt so they've turned to complete shit. Only PAOK is managed slightly better with their tycoon investing some money but it's not enough to make a difference in a european level.
Where the money should go is a complicated subject but one thing's certain, Greek teams have done jack shit with it. They've not built infrastructure, they've not built competitive teams, they've not promoted youth talent, they've not purged corruption, they've not sold tickets and the list of failures goes on and on. R.Madrid has not been involved in any corrupt scandal let alone constantly so you are blatantly lying.
Purpose of a football club, at least from a fan perspective, is to win titles, not make profit. AEK's management investing no money whilst being filthy rich is not a positive, it's a strong negative. The reverse for PAOK, their management investing is positive. The new stadium being built for AEK is indeed an important beneficial chapter for Greek football but it's the only one hence why Greek football continues to be in shambles. Finishing with "you have no idea what you're talking about" doesn't hold up since your reply doesn't refute what I said, you just said random stuff that are tangibly related. &gt; Has Greek football always been weak ? Yes. &gt; Has Greek football hit rock bottom in recent years ? Yes. &gt; Were tycoons used to owning the top teams and putting in their own money ? Yes. &gt; Has this largely stopped due to various reasons like the financial crisis ? Yes. &gt; Without outside money, do clubs need to be managed super efficiently ? Yes. &gt; Are they incompetent and corrupt so they've turned to complete shit ? Yes. &gt; Is PAOK the only club managed slightly better ? This is the only part where your reply provides some sort of counter-argument. You think that AEK is managed well or better than the rest for various reasons, I think none is managed well and PAOK is managed less shit than the others. This is not the main discussion point though. &gt; Is PAOK's tycoon owner investing some money but not enough to make a difference in a european level ? Yes.
?
So I have an idea of what I'm talking about. My knowledge about the current state of greek football is very limited and I certainly don't know details like budgets etc. but my reasoning on PAOK being managed better than the others is their tycoon putting in a decent amount of money out of his own pocket, actively trying to improve the strength of his squad and that shows on the pitch. I thought AEK was managed best till last summer where the super rich owner refused to put money despite the squad winning the league and qualifying to CL groups. Instead of building on the successes, further improving the squad and trying to establish a dynasty, he did the opposite. A good coach leaving, key players leaving, none arriving ...a ridiculous turn of events which shows on the pitch.
It's the truth and I'm not American, I'm Greek.
I think connecting the copa del rey Cheryshev fiasco to the sacking of Benitez is a stretch, he was sacked mostly due to La Liga results and not meshing well with the players. If I had to put the Zidane hiring on a single event "chain", it would start with Modric getting injured in November 2015. Ancelotti's R.Madrid was killing it till then, terrific football, then Modric gets seriously injured, squad's performance drops, league is lost, Modric returns but gets injured again, RM loses the semi to Juventus and Ancelotti gets sacked. Benitez gets hired, fails and Zidane takes over with monumental success to follow. I'm convinced that if Modric hadn't got injured as seriously, RM would have probably won either the league or the CL so Ancelotti with back to back successful seasons would be hard to lose his position, Zidane would have remained a Castilla coach for longer and who the hell knows what would have happened after.
Cules and hypocrisy, some things never change.
World class is indeed a problematic term as everyone defines it differently but I'd define it as a player that would start in most of the top 3-4 teams. For example Umtiti, would he start at most of R.Madrid/Barcelona/Bayern/Juventus/M.City ? Yeah, so he's world class. Casemiro on the other hand, wouldn't start in most of them, hence he isn't world class.
If I was semi certain Hazard would join RM in 2019 for free, I wouldn't pay 100mil€ next summer, let alone 163m£. Hazard is excellent but he's not among the top 5 in the world, not very young and not very marketable.
I don't think there's any problem with Navas and Solari's choices make sense to me. The GK rotation is a relatively new trend, probably first applied by Guardiola when he took over at Barcelona 10 years ago and since then it's spread to most clubs. Before that the standard practice was for the main GK to start all games and I heavily prefer it that way. The GK doesn't need rotation like all other positions since he neither runs nor gets injured. The second GK is actually needed exceptionally rare. No matter what Navas does, Courtois is better and younger. RM is also seriously weakened, struggling in most games so there's no room for picking suboptimal players. For xy reasons Navas and Casilla stayed last summer and that was a mistake. Going forward, play Courtois all the time and as 2nd GK have Lunin or Castilla's best GK or sign someone new, either young and talented or old and experienced.
In general no but they get some things right. I'd take this article more as a prediction or indication, not a fact.
Up to what price you'd be happy to have him at Barcelona ?
I don't think you are in the minority as Navas is still very popular among RM (and non RM) fans while the opposite applies for Courtois although he's gained a bit of support with his performances. Anyway, there's nothing wrong (or good) being in the minority or the majority. My reasoning wasn't because 1 GK used to be the norm, my reasoning was: &gt; "The GK doesn't need rotation like all other positions since he neither runs nor gets injured. The second GK is actually needed exceptionally rare. &gt; No matter what Navas does, Courtois is better and younger. RM is also seriously weakened, struggling in most games so there's no room for picking suboptimal players." The fact that 1 GK used to be the norm is more like, it's happened before so it's not a radical experiment and I realise that there are a lot of newer fans that started following the sport in less than 10 years so they wouldn't be aware of it. There are definitely advantages in splitting the games between the two GKs like the 2nd GK being in better shape both physically and mentally but imo, when you contrast the pros and cons of the two strategies, having 1 GK playing everything is better, both for the club and the sport as a whole.
In a 2+ year contract, yeah he's definitely worth 100mil++ but next summer he'll have 1 year remaining so it's more complicated. Personally I think that despite the recent super transfers (Neymar-Mbappe-Coutinho-Dembele), €100mil is still a lot of money and that was shown last summer where besides Ronaldo the transfer sums were a lot more toned down, none going close to 100mil and very few going above 60. Plus there's pressure on the big spenders for various reasons (PSG-City-United-Barcelona-Juventus) so with them being more limited in splashing money around, prices might decrease. Way I see it, RM should go for it in similar fashion with the Courtois case and get him for less than 100mil although Hazard would also have to be willing to somewhat help by forcing the issue. If for xy reasons, the only way to get him this summer is 100mil, I'd try to make certain Hazard would join for free in 2019. If I wasn't convinced and feared Hazard could end up elsewhere (eg. Barcelona), I'd search the market for something more appealing and if that didn't pan out, then buy him for 100mil. Currently, he's not very marketable and by that I mean he's somewhere low in the top 10 marketability list, at least that's my feeling. If he joins RM in a mega transfer, starts doing well there etc. yeah I think there's potential for him to reach ~top 5, can't see him getting top 3 though. There are two inherent limiting factors, Belgium is a super small country and Hazard doesn't score many goals.
What I want and what RM/Perez will do are different. I agree that it's highly unlikely Hazard joins for free in 2019 and that his transfer price drops significantly below 100m this summer. I don't think the latter is impossible though, if Hazard forces things and if RM stands firm till later in the summer, it's possible Chelsea back down and sell for say 90mil. Based on [transfermarkt](https://www.transfermarkt.com/statistik/saisontransfers), including Ronaldo there were 6 transfers above 60mil. Mbappe and Vinicius negotiations and transfer agreements happened in the summer of 2017. It's true that Hazard looks by far the most appealing high profile signing for the summer but there's still half a season where things could change. For example Hazard gets seriously injured, an established star becomes available, a young star shines and attracts attention. Marketability is indeed a vague term and there's barely any hard facts to support any claim about it but despite those difficulties, I think it's something very real. It encompasses stuff like fans possessing an extra interest on the player watching him regardless of the squad he's in, following him on social media etc./quantity and quality of individual sponsorships/number of shirts sold/how much he features in the media and under what light. He's definitely capable of being a marketing star for RM but a super star on the steps of Figo-Zidane-Ronaldo-Beckham-C.Ronaldo, highly doubt it.
Sure, they deserved it but Czechia was better.
It's definitely a plausible scenario. On paper, Neymar is the perfect Perez signing, there are a million articles/rumours and there are various indications towards that direction. However, I personally don't buy it for two main reasons. Firstly, Neymar has been on the market twice whilst already being a star, once when he left Santos and recently when he left Barcelona. In both of those occasions, it didn't look to me that Perez really went for him, especially the second one it was a solid coup Figo style, snatching Neymar directly from Barcelona. I find it hard to believe that Perez didn't go for it then and will go for it now, spend a similar sum (~200mil) on Neymar being 2 years older and without having achieved higher ability or fame. Secondly, the surrounding moves. Buying Vinicius-Rodrygo for a significant amount of money, keeping most of the current squad (Isco-Asensio-Vasquez), James on the background, Hazard not renewing, Brahim Diaz rumored to join... All these actions together don't convince me the key part of the plan is getting Neymar, they seem somewhat incompatible. But you never know, maybe Perez indeed didn't care about Neymar but suddenly with Ronaldo gone, the squad struggling and the fans angry there's an abrupt change of direction and the club does indeed go for Neymar. It's more than obvious that the club has put a lot of effort to not commit fully on one direction and to keep their options open.
Like never ? Lord of the Rings was one of the first books I read and only 1984-First Law/Heroes-Watchmen have come close but LotR is still my favourite. I'm hopeful though, plenty of great books, there has to be one able to surpass it.
The Silmarillion was indeed great and I'm convinced that if JRR Tolkien had finished it, it would have surpassed LotR.
I refuse to believe I live in a world where more people have read Harry Potter than Lord of the Rings.
Mediocre performance. Defensively Rayo was rarely allowed to create dangers and up front, RM created some chances but the finishing was once more quite poor.
Hadn't thought of it that way, it might indeed surpass Harry Potter. Hopefully one day it surpasses the bible.
Depends on how you define talent but if you include character traits, Mbappe was and is ahead as he looks a lot more focused in becoming a super star footballer.
On the Casillas-Mourinho feud, I understand why they choose this path of indirect jabs but it's pretty uninteresting to me. I'd appreciate it a lot more if one of them analysed in depth what happened, at least his version of it. Could be in a high profile interview, an autobiography etc. As for the literal question of players and managers retiring etc., well physical demands is a large part of a footballer and you can prolong your career if you take extra care of your body, avoid injuries, adjust your playstyle etc. but there's a hard cap of mid-late thirties. Despite medicine, technology etc. advancing, I don't see any way to significantly change that, in the coming decades at least. Imo what could be done, is establish competitions for older players, set a minimum of say 35 years old or something and have players of that age and above compete. That way you even out the playing field and I'm sure that although the beginning years would be tough, in time it would gain popularity as fans keep being fans if if players age. It obviously wouldn't be the same but you could expand a player's career for 5-8 years. Regarding coaches, there is no physical demand so they can coach regardless of age, whether very young as we are seeing some now do, till very old which is not uncommon. If their way of coaching gets left behind, well sooner or later that weakness will get exposed and said coach will decline in popularity and end up in weaker clubs.
Τhe vast majority of non PSG fans want PSG to fail miserably. PSG fans are a part of it but there are also other reasons.
Dunno what exactly berserker means but by the wiki definition of it, there's certainly some of that in the trilogy I'm currently finishing named [**The Red Queen's War** by Mark Lawrence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Lawrence_(author). It can be read on its own but ideally you'd want to read the first trilogy named Broken Empire. There are a few direct connections and the worldbuilding is a continuation.
Average draw as my ranking of the possible opponents was Liverpool&gt;Totenham&gt;United=Ajax&gt;Lyon&gt;Schalke. From the very little I've seen Ajax and from what I've read, they are a dangerous squad. However they have a massive lack of experience so RM is definitely the favourite. Beyond that, we'll have to wait and see the condition of the two teams before the games in 2+ months. As Ardivo said, unfortunately there are Atletico and Barcelona matchdays just before. In the rest of the draw, interesting and fresh matchups. Whoever plays Roma-Porto gets an important boost as they'll have an easy path for the semis.
Lol! After multiple attempts to renew and with 12 months to go, the time for signals is over. You either sign a new contract or not in which case you should be handled as a player that is not willing to stay.
People can lie or refuse to believe something to the point it becomes true for them.
It's not the best outcome for PSG either. Keeping a dissatisfied player for 6 months more and paying his wage.
Have watched him little in big PSG games but I'd love R.Madrid to sign him.
Νο, he wasn't progressing at all really well last season. His first season in 2016-17 was the best where despite having limited time made an impact. Last season 2017-18 both him and Isco got higher up in the hierarchy and were largely underwhelming. Asensio managed just [11 goals 6 assists in 55 appearances or 2864 minutes](https://www.transfermarkt.gr/marco-asensio/leistungsdaten/spieler/296622/plus/0?saison=2017). This season he's continued declining. So, it's not about him stopping to improve this season, he's been regressing for 1-1.5 year.
It's until 2021 but that's largely irrelevant, everyone knows there's a good chance Solari loses his job next summer so it's perfectly reasonable for journalists to ask related questions. If Ramos or any other player don't want to answer, they can easily do so by responding no comment or next question.
Lol, how's that out of context ? Less context sure but not out of context.
What do you think it means in this occasion ? What did Xavi mean according to you ? That's they key part and I haven't understood it yet.
For starters I think neither Marca nor anyone else has a clue about this issue so whatever they are claiming is probably worthless. Whether it can come true, I think it's highly unlikely but there's a good chance RM is looking for a new manager in the summer and Mourinho is available so it's not impossible.
Decent performance against what looked like a rather weak opponent. Surprisingly there was better finishing up front so the game was more comfortable than usual.
The short version of it based on rumours: he's had a knee issue for a number of months now, there were two treatment options surgery and non surgery, he opted for the latter, it didn't go perfectly, the issue persisted and he still didn't want surgery. Guess we'll soon see if it will work now, otherwise my guess is he gets the surgery and loses the whole season.
He's been killing it with Dortmund. If he can keep this up, he'll cost 100+mil which is tough for any team to splash.
It's quite impressive that after getting buried for almost 1.5 years, he's suddenly gotten so much playing time while performing so well. And it's not like the squad had been playing at a high level and he just slotted in, the majority of the players around him had been seriously underperforming. I'm curious to see how much of this is him being on form or him being constantly at this level and there's an increasingly tough schedule ahead to find that out.
Lol, if this held true for every time the same article had been written regarding R.Madrid's players, most of them would have left 2-3 times by now. Isco is out of form and Solari has found other players suiting him and bringing results. This is not the first time Isco had been riding the bench, in fact he's used to it. No one knows what will happen next summer, who the coach will be, which players will be sold, which will join etc.
Does the article contain spoilers ? Despite having played a ton of video games, many of them RPGs, I'm just now going through this series and I'm now halfway through the first game. It must have definitely been a monumental feat at the time, even now, the storyline, the attention to details, how the world feels alive blew me away. Only negatives are average graphics and some tedious limitations like inventory handling and spell effects/durations being hard to make out. Even those however provide some kind of immersion, you've got to be selective on what you carry, where you rest, magic is dangerous and unpredictable etc. There's also the fact that the game is massive and very time consuming, especially if you are a completionist and want to go though everything. That's both a negative and a positive though.
His great uncle Gento is a football legend. Person with the most CL titles (6) in history.
&gt; Keeping Benzema for this long Benzema overall has 203 goals in 438 appearances for R.Madrid and he's among their top 3-4 players this season. RM has won among others 4 CL in the last 5 years with Benzema a permanent starter. &gt; mistreating Ronaldo Ronaldo stayed at Madrid for 9 years with RM getting by far the best period of his career. He was bought for €94mil and sold for €117mil. Despite Ronaldo performing at a tremendous level, RM handled his contract very carefully with a minimal number of contract renewals and limited salaries so as not to break their internal wage structure. Βοth Ronaldo and RM praised and thanked each other before his move to Juventus. &gt; missing out on Mbappe Based on various facts (Monaco's president comments, footballleaks), RM was determined to sign Mbappe and acted accordingly, for example willing to pay €200+mil to Monaco. Mbappe chose PSG for various reasons, most of which RM had no power over. Hence why presenting Mbappe not signing for RM as a mistake or an oversight of RM is misleading. &gt; etc. are worse than whatever Barca have fucked up in recent times. Barcelona at the end of the 2008-09 season didn't just have all the necessary tools for permanent dominance in football, they actually had the finished product set and ready. Messi young and at his prime, by far the best lineup of all teams full of world class players (Xavi-Iniesta-Busquets-D.Alves-Puyol-Pique-Toure-Eto'o-Henry, the ideal coach in Guardiola, a ton of chemistry experience and winning mentality, ridiculous marketing star power, coffers full of money. Meanwhile R.Madrid was in full blown crisis. An executive scandal that had lead the board to resign and an interim president taking over, a temporary coach, a severely lacking roster, worst losing mentality in european knockouts in the club's history, zero marketing star power, limited funds. From that point till now, in these 9 years Barcelona has been less successful than R.Madrid (2CL, 6 La Liga vs 4CL 2 La Liga).
Why ? 4 Champions League + 2 La Liga (R.Madrid) &gt; 2 Champions League + 6 La Liga (Barcelona), hence more successful.
Never said a single La Liga title is something to scoff at, let alone 6 of them in 9 years. That however is irrelevant both to the specific point of 4CL+2LaLiga&gt;2CL+6LaLiga and the overall point of how Barcelona has fucked up more than RM which was the quote I was replying to. RM competing in La Liga is supposed to be some kind of argument that makes LaLiga equal or close to equal with a CL title ? Barcelona and all of the other top clubs in the world compete in the CL.
Sure, it's more likely than ever that Isco leaves RM next summer but whether there's actually a high chance he'll leave, let alone certain, is unknown. In general however, few players opt to leave RM against the club's will.
Yes, mate. First argument you presented, RM competing in La Liga, is no argument at all since both teams compete in both competitions. Your second argument also doesn't hold up since you yourself abandon your own premise. If "la liga is just as tough if not tougher than winning the CL" then how is it possible that "they are on par or I have Barca edging a bit" ? If 1CL=1LaLiga then it's RM 6 &lt; Barcelona 8, which is definitely not on par or Barcelona edging a bit, it's Barcelona significantly ahead. If 1CL&lt;1LaLiga then it's even more extreme, RM &lt;&lt; Barcelona and the conclusion is even more disproportionate as it would put Barcelona way ahead. Now my arguments for why winning the CL is a much bigger success than winning La Liga, they are obvious and the vast majority of fans take it for granted but since you are disagreeing, it's required: * La Liga is a competition which features the best teams in Spain. CL is a competition which to a large degree features the best teams in Europe. * Teams competing give priority to CL over any other competition. You'll very often see squads rotating players for a La Liga game ahead of an important CL fixture. You'll practically never see the opposite, squads rotating players in an important CL fixture to prioritise La Liga. * The inherent volatility of CL which is much more increased compared to La Liga. There are multiple draws, success is judged in double legged games or even one game (final). The knockout format adds a lot more pressure to the players and you'll often see them choking whilst in La Liga they perform fine. * Money, prestige, fame, popularity, audience... all are significantly higher in CL compared to La Liga. * Vast majority of players and coaches view the CL as superior to La Liga.
Didn't think too much about it but here's my take: Courtois Carvajal-Varane-de Ligt-Hakimi Casemiro-Kroos B.Silva-De Bruyne-Hazard Mbappe Average age would be quite high but they'd still be very capable.
&gt;Liverpool were constants in the Champions league from 2005 to 2007 until their abrupt decline to mid table. &gt;Chelsea were so-so but were winning the league. &gt;You tell me, who grabbed the bigger headlines? Didn't follow English squads so closely back then as to quantify who grabbed the bigger headlines. I don't see the point you are trying to make, why not go all the way and explain it instead of beating around the bush ? In the 3 years you specified 2005 2006 2007, Liverpool achieved 5th-3rd-3rd in PL and 1st-Ro16-2nd in CL. Chelsea achieved 1st-1st-2nd in PL and SF-Ro16-SF in CL. Liverpool's comeback and triumph over Milan at Constantinople remains one of the most memorable games in football 10+ years later. &gt; it's also a luck of the draw thing. &gt; You can win matches by drawing in the the away stadium. Luck definitely plays a bigger role in CL over La Liga but that doesn't detract from the success of winning the C.League. The World Cup has an almost identical format with the CL (with luck at an even more prominent role as it's single leg knockouts) and it's by far the most important tournament in football and the biggest success a nation or player can achieve. &gt; Name them. There is no need to name them, it's a fact easily observed. Coaches and players will rotate/rest all the time in league games ahead of an important CL fixture while the opposite practically never happens. Top players/coaches often leave top teams if they think their new destination will have a better chance to win the C.League while the opposite almost never happens. **I've provided multiple arguments of why CL &gt; La Liga whilst you've hardly provided any.** &gt; the argument isn't even really about what is what to whom, it's the fact that you think Real Madrid have been more successful than Barcelona in the last 9 years, which is bonkers. The original argument was me refuting the thesis that RM have fucked up more than Barcelona and I chose as a chronological start-point the moment where RM's current management was about to take over in 2009. I provided context about the wildly different starting positions for the two clubs and concluded that despite RM starting from a much weaker position, they went on to achieve more success than Barcelona. Sporting success in football is measured by performances and final placings in competitions. Since each club has done better in a different competition, for the comparison to proceed, the competitions themselves need to be compared. Hence the related arguments. If the clubs/coaches/players/fans view one competition as more important, then winning that competition is a bigger success. You claiming that my conclusion is bonkers is not an argument hence why it holds little value. If you want to counter argue, you have to show **why** it's wrong or at least why you disagree with it.
What would be brave then according to you ?
Fucking brilliant! All in one take, glorious acting!
I've only seen some and there are plenty of really good films in there. First of all, beginning his career with Duelists-Alien-Blade Runner must be one one of the best directing starts in history, if not the best. I can only think of Tarkovsky-Tarantino-Nolan who can compare. Thelma &amp; Louise is solid, Gladiator is brilliant, Black Hawk Down-Kingdom of Heaven-Prometheus-Martian are very good and there are other decent ones. Finally, the sheer brilliance of Ridley Scott is how he has tackled all kinds of different themes and settings. Rome-Crusades-Napoleonic-modern warfare-drama-gangster-scifi alien-scifi AI... he's done it all successfully with different studios/producers/actors/crew. That's very rare since directors usually stay within their comfort zone, repeating the same themes etc. or the studios don't trust them and assign them subjects they are experienced on. PS: He's only quite special in that he's helped create additional content on his films, putting up directors cuts, dvd/bluray extras, even documentaries about his films. For example "Dangerous Days: Making Blade Runner" is an invaluable resource for Blade Runner fans.
*You have to be realistic about these things* so the new First Law books to be good.
Is that acceptable ?
It's not a necromancer protagonist exactly but there is some necromancy in Mark Lawrence's initial two trilogies, **Broken Empire** and the **Red Queen's War**. They are fairly popular books in the fantasy genre so there's certainly merit in them and worth a shot although they require a degree of patience and thick skin. My suggested order to read is the chronological one as they are set in the same universe.
Trademark Real Madrid player, gorgeous to look at with or without the ball. Video should have ended with his legendary backheel dribble and [Ferguson's quote](https://thesefootballtimes.co/2018/03/20/fernando-redondo-the-impossible-dream/).
I think the only real development lately is **Brahim Diaz** signing in January. It's a somewhat weird transfer but the way our offence has looked this season, I'm glad someone new is joining despite having never watched him. **Fekir**, although I've watched him rarely, it has usually been in tough games and he has impressed me. He's got excellent skills and he seems mentally strong overcoming injuries and other hurdles in his career. He seems efficient up front, playing in different roles and scoring/assisting goals, something we direly need since Ronaldo left. However to some extent he overlaps with Hazard-Brahim Diaz and a bunch of players currently in the roster (Isco-Asensio-Bale) or forthcoming (Rodrygo). I think RM is simply keeping tabs on him, there is no decision to go for him and in general there is no clear cut plan for the summer except maybe signing Hazard. Regarding **Isco**, obviously his contribution this season have been almost zero but I find it a mix of funny and pathetic how so many people have turned against him, RM fans or not. Towards the end of 2016-17 he was touted as a star, now he's getting buried. I prefer to judge Isco from his overall presence 5+ years now and not by the extremes, most footballers go though phases where they are shit (or the opposite) for various reasons. Imo, there's room for Isco in the current RM, I never saw him as becoming a star for them, but in the role of 12th-13th player that he's usually occupied, he can be useful. Obviously if he's dead set on leaving or if the coach for next season is dead set on him leaving, he should leave. **Kovacic** is a complicated situation but from what I've seen from Ceballos so far, I'd prefer Kovacic over him. **Jese** failed to recover and become relevant again while he was under optimal conditions in Madrid with a familiar environment and Zidane a coach sympathetic to him, it doesn't surprise me that he's completely failed in PSG although the degree of the failure is surprising. Even completely ruined footballers can ride the wave for a few years till their late 20s pretending to be footballers, especially in the current landscape of exotic destinations like the middle east, china, japan. **Finally**, I'm somewhat underwhelmed by the overall winter transfer market. I thought with the removal of the cup tied rule, there would be a significant raise in winter transfers but although it's still not January, it doesn't look like there's a lot of movement.
**Regarding Real Madrid news/rumours**, I think the only real development lately is **Brahim Diaz** signing in January. It's a somewhat weird transfer but the way our offence has looked this season, I'm glad someone new is joining despite having never watched him. **Fekir**, although I've watched him rarely, it has usually been in tough games and he has impressed me. He's got excellent skills and he seems mentally strong overcoming injuries and other hurdles in his career. He seems efficient up front, playing in different roles and scoring/assisting goals, something we direly need since Ronaldo left. However to some extent he overlaps with Hazard-Brahim Diaz and a bunch of players currently in the roster (Isco-Asensio-Bale) or forthcoming (Rodrygo). I think RM is simply keeping tabs on him, there is no decision to go for him and in general there is no clear cut plan for the summer except maybe signing Hazard. Regarding **Isco**, obviously his contribution this season have been almost zero but I find it a mix of funny and pathetic how so many people have turned against him, RM fans or not. Towards the end of 2016-17 he was touted as a star, now he's getting buried. I prefer to judge Isco from his overall presence 5+ years now and not by the extremes, most footballers go though phases where they are shit (or brilliant) for various reasons. Imo, there's room for Isco in the current RM, I never saw him as becoming a star for them, but in the role of 12th-13th player that he's usually occupied, he can be useful. Obviously if he's dead set on leaving or if the coach for next season is dead set on him leaving, he should leave. **Kovacic** is a complicated situation but from what I've seen from Ceballos so far, I'd prefer Kovacic over him. **Jese** failed to recover and become relevant again while he was under optimal conditions in Madrid with a familiar environment and Zidane a coach sympathetic to him, it doesn't surprise me that he's completely failed in PSG although the degree of the failure is surprising. Even completely ruined footballers can ride the wave for a few years till their late 20s pretending to be footballers, especially in the current landscape of exotic destinations like the middle east, china, japan. **Finally**, I'm somewhat underwhelmed by the overall winter transfer market. I thought with the removal of the cup tied rule, there would be a significant raise in winter transfers but although it's still not January, it doesn't look like there's a lot of movement.
If by "same "you mean the previous 9 years with Ronaldo as their super star, very unlikely as that calibre and style of player is very rare and it's practically impossible he'll sign for RM soon as the rest of the squad is similar enough to qualify as "same". If you mean RM being again top 1-2 club in the world, yeah it will probably happen although it might happen in 1 year or 10, football is unpredictable. Milan and United for example felt like they were in the elite seemingly permanently but it's been a number of years now where they've been struggling.
After Kroos and Modric, Varane was probably the most consistent one so if he too underperforms, it's even more noticeable. Almost all coaches get fired but getting fired after one underwhelming season is different than getting fired 3 months into the season.
This is the roster's market value, it doesn't include real estate, marketing deals etc. Lol at people bashing it, as if there's a better approximation than transferamarkt's list.
It is not stacked and looking for a midfielder has nothing to do with looking for a striker, both can be done simultaneously. Like 80% of Barcelona's midfield "output" is produced by Busquets, Rakitic and Messi. All 3 are 30-31 years old with a tremendous number of games accumulated so Barcelona looking for a good young midfielder is perfectly reasonable. In fact they should have done so in the past but for various reasons they didn't or the ones they signed failed or weren't young.
Dunno if there was mistranslation or something but if that's what he said, he's wrong on multiple points. &gt; The investment from Atletico in players is bigger than ours. Hard to say without specifying a starting chronological point so as to compare but over the last 3-4 years, they are somewhat equal in transfer expenditure. &gt; It is really close to Real ­Madrid’s and Barcelona. For starters RM and Barcelona are not equal. Barcelona has spent a lot more on players and they also spend more on salaries. Atletico is close to RM in transfers but they are quite behind in salaries. Atletico and Barcelona are miles apart on both. &gt; Their budget is maybe bigger than any club in the Premier League. That is absolutely absurd. City and United have been spending crazy money in the last years along with PSG and to a lesser extent Barcelona. Atletico is nowhere near any of that. Taking City-United out though, yeah Atletico is probably comparable with the rest in economic terms. &gt; It is maybe five times bigger than the budget we have. We can't be compared to them. Also absurd. It is higher than Totenham's, especially now with the new Metropolitano stadium but it's certainly not far and hence comparable.
As far as I know they haven't revealed their methodology and watching it infrequently over the years, I think it's safe to say there is no strict formula so it's probably a group of people applying varying criteria. However that doesn't mean it's random or that it holds no merit ("bullshit"). Even if it was based on a strict formula made public, it would still be humans that created the formula in the first place, there can be no "law of nature" style formula in this case as in physics, it's an abstract concept not hard science. I agree that it's got flaws but if someone understands the basic premise of it, there is merit to it and that merit gets highlighted even more by the fact that there's no one else doing it better or doing it at all. For hardcore fans of high level football, its utility is diminished, maybe check out an obscure transfer rumour, how his market value has gone over his career etc. For casual fans or even better, newer fans, its a great resource though. One can quickly get a grasp of the value of dozens of clubs' rosters, hundreds of players etc. and navigate himself. If one also takes into account some basic factors like recent form of a club/player inflating/deflating his value, that age is an important factor/contract length is not a factor etc. he can get a quite accurate summary of reality. The example you provide is a hypothetical one but anyway it seems plausible enough to further explore. Lewandowski has been downgrading in the course of 2018 because of age and being underwhelming in the CL knockouts &amp; World Cup. The age period of 28-29-30-31-32 is crucial in a footballer's market value. The decline in value suddenly becomes very steep, at the age 28-29 you'll find a few expensive transfers in football history (Zidane-Ibrahimovic-Higuain), beyond that though it's almost impossible, only C.Ronaldo at 33.5 managed to command a high fee. Thus, Lewandowski's market value at 30+ is on a steep decline due to age, a club splashing more than €70-80mil for him seems highly unlikely nowadays. Players don't exist in a vacuum. Ηernandez at R.Madrid and Hernandez at Bayern do have slightly different market value. RM is a bigger club, has had more success lately and sells players significantly more expensively than Bayern. Hence an increased market value corresponds to reality, clubs would probably need to pay more to get Hernadnez from RM than to get him from Bayern.
I haven't followed Totenham and Wolves closely and I wasn't putting full attention to analyse properly but from a casual outlook, a bit of everything. Totenham were superior in the first ~70min, they didn't allow dangers but they were very underwhelming up front, barely any chance before and after Kane's wonder goal. Wolves was doing a good job defending, sticking to their plan despite going 1-0 down and Totenham were somewhat relaxed by the state of the game, thought they might cruise like that till the end. Towards the end Wolves suddenly went to the offence, probably a tactical plan and they were helped massively by the fact that their first chance was a goal. Totenham seemed shocked, some choking started going on, Wolves kept going for counter attacks and they managed to score in almost all the chances they created and ended up winning in impressive fashion. PS: I dislike the term "luck" because what most mean by luck isn't actually luck. Scoring 3 goals in 4 chances or wasting 10 chances isn't luck, it's skill. Luck is ball deflections, (some) injuries, referee mistakes, weather... stuff that are outside your influence yet impact the game.
[This 0-3 ?](https://www.transfermarkt.gr/spielbericht/index/spielbericht/2718823) Don't remember it, he neither scored nor assisted whilst Ronaldo banged 3. That's the calibre of player RM needs right now, not someone who's constantly struggled to become a starter 5.5 years in the club.
His babyface combined with how calm and careful he's towards the referees. Never shouting, rarely complaining, always trying to get on their good side. Brilliant tactic!
Τhe best way result wise, sure. The only way, definitely not. In football especially, the vast majority of players/coaches/staff/executives fluctuate between neutral to furious towards referees. Messi for example who otherwise is a genius on the pitch, has racked dozens and dozens of yellow cards by complaining. Someone being polite to them is a rare exception, especially in high stakes games and Casemiro is benefiting from that fact, hence a brilliant tactic.
Lol at the belief that someone playing 5.5 years with R.Madrid is a Barcelona fan.
Morata was coming off a solid season as a bench player, never even challenged for the starting spot despite Benzema struggling heavily. Isco has been mediocre to bad for exactly 1.5 years. If you extend it further, you get in the final months of 2016-17 where Isco was probably the best he's ever looked.
You didn't say were, you said "is" and put "were" in parenthesis. Grammar wise, the main sentence is the one outside the parenthesis, it should stand with or without it, parenthesis serves as an afterthought or an explanation. So in this case, Isco used to be a Barcelona fan and since he joined RM, he's a RM fan.
Brilliant player, one of my favourites to watch. Injuries and Mourinho were important factors for his failing sting at Madrid but they weren't the only ones: * the "10" role in general declining * Barcelona being super good * Kaka making wrong decisions and not looking super eager to leave his mark * RM not having brilliant DMs-CMs in Alonso-L.Diarra-Granero-Khedira etc. * signing Ozil * a very underwhelming right flank with Arbeloa at RB and Di maria at RW
Brilliant player, one of my favourites to watch. Injuries and Mourinho were important factors for his failing sting at Madrid but they weren't the only ones: * the "10" role in general declining * Barcelona being super good * Kaka making wrong decisions and not looking super eager to leave his mark * RM not having brilliant DMs-CMs in Alonso-L.Diarra-Granero-Khedira etc. * signing Ozil * a very underwhelming right flank with Arbeloa at RB and Di maria at RW
Codex Alera is otherwise known as Rome with Pokemon.
The club they supported earlier or when they were young. You can't be playing football in a top club for years and not be a fan whilst being a fan of the rival club. The most basic definition of a fan is wanting the club to win. Do you really believe Isco wants RM to lose their games and Barcelona to win ?
Signing Ozil was great for the club but it was bad for Kaka. I was listing reasons for Kala's failure at RM. Alonso was very good but Busquets was better. Khedira was all right but not good enough. More importantly regarding Kaka, they were midfielders that didn't suit Kaka as Alonso was partially a playmaker and Khedira run with the ball, sometimes appearing as hidden forward. Those were key traits of Kaka, playmaking, running with the ball and appearing as hidden forward. Hence Kaka brought little to the table. What would have suited Kaka is destroyer style DM like Gattuso and a never tiring box to box CM like Seedorf. That way there was room for Kaka to roam as a "10".
Dunno about Rush, an exception however doesn't make it common or a basis so as to claim that Isco has continued being a Barcelona fan. There's certainly a business side to football but it's not the same as regular jobs. Players/employees/fans etc. get a lot more emotionally involved.
I've read it. I rate it 6-7/10.
1. Your age? 30 2. How many in total? ~1 per 3 days so ~120. (Got no real stats so I'm guesstimating in general) 3. How many in a theatre? ~5 per year, usually special action films like Avengers or Dunkirk. Significant money and effort in a home theatre setup. 4. How many do you watch alone? ~Like 40% at home alone, so ~50. 5. How many fast food films? I don't see it that way exactly but I'd say ~20 lowly rated films, something like below &lt;6.5 on imdb. 6. How many are neither American nor from your country? ~60/120 American, 57/120 non American, 3/120 Greek. 7. How long is your watch list? I've got multiple watch lists, the most prevalent right now is this [reddit top 1001 films aggregator of various ratings sites], I'm somewhere around #250 having started from #1. My most immediate watch list however is my torrent client, there are like ~30 films already downloaded and ~200 to be downloaded. 8. How many films do you rewatch? Almost none. I'd say 1-2/120. 9. TV series? Massive tv series fan. Don't think answering that would be very useful as there are series that last a few hours and others that last hundreds. I'd say, on average I watch 1 hour per day of tv series. 10. Anything else? Would be cool to aggregate the answers into a graph, at least the easily quantifiable answers.
There are private trackers where there is no original work done and it's like an enhanced public tracker with better speeds and more specialized library. They're sometimes pay to leech. There are however private trackers where there is original work done, users ripping stuff, encoding films in good size/quality ratios, archiving rare stuff etc. All that is highly valuable. Sometimes their owners also benefit from it making money etc. but sometimes the point of being prive isn't money but safety and longevity. The more attention a private tracker attracts, the higher the danger for the owners to get caught and/or the material getting lost etc. Countless public and popular private trackers have gone under. Ideally, yeah, all art should be free, no one should be required to work to make ends meet etc. but that moment ain't coming anytime soon. I think there are valid arguments for all three sides (actors-crew-producers) to get paid more etc. hence why I chose to split it even. For various reasons the actors are usually the biggest attraction for paying fans so they're very important in the profit making side. Currently, the crew is getting the smallest percentage which is a travesty. There are some high profile directors that rake in tremendous profits but in the vast majority of cases, the crew gets paid peanuts for what they're doing.
Not much to go with besides the whole notion that magic is leaking out of the world or something, a common trope in fantasy. Personally, I love magic done right and hope there's more of it in future books.
What a joy he was to watch, RIP. Dunno about the circumstances of his accident but it's crazy to me that footballers don't employ permanent professional drivers.
He looked like a cool dude on the pitch too.
It's true that up to a degree there's a mentality of winner takes all. On one hand that's good because everyone is desperate for success but on the other it's unfair because the effort of the 2nd-3rd etc. becomes underrated. Liverpool's failed in the PL race but they did very well gathering so many points and fighting till the end. Similarly, Tottenham's 2nd place in the CL is remarkable.
Nice gesture but Moreno didn't win jack shit, he literally never played and most of the time he didn't even make the bench. It's a travesty that he's still employed by Liverpool.
Of course it was enjoyable. People forget it was a tv show, compare it to all tv shows in history and GoT is miles above 99.9% of them, even in its latter seasons. I hardcore avoid all reviews-discussions-comments etc. for anything I plan to watch so that I form my own opinion first, then I'll explore what others thought. Spoilers, expectations, social pressure etc. affect your perception and enjoyment massively, it sucks. I also binge watch series, either all of it or per season but in a few instances like Lost/Breaking Bad/GoT etc. where they're incredibly popular, I'm forced to watch them per episode. There obviously was a decline in quality and plenty of issues in the last season but even in that discussion, a huge percentage of it is worthless as it's different people expressing almost identical views. You really have to go out of your way to find original and interesting thoughts. Imo, the negative side had three focal points: * **Scriptwriting**. I've neither read the books nor delved deep in GoT lore, but it was obvious that in the last seasons the writing was declining for whatever reasons. This is not just on the writers however, they didn't suddenly become incompetent. The way the story developed, whilst it was brilliant to follow, it also made the future story tougher and tougher. I'm convinced this is a key reason why Martin has struggled mightily to continue the story. If the original author with much better writing credentials and practically infinite time has (almost) failed, then no wonder the tv writers struggled and the show's writing quality dropped. * **Acting**. The casting of the older characters was near perfect throughout the series. The concept of the older generation getting slowly eclipsed by younger characters is ingenious and poses little to no challenge in book format. In video format however, it's an extremely precarious one as you practically have to hire young inexperienced actors in a longterm project which has all kinds of drawbacks, the most important of which is acting ability and suitability for the characters' transformations. By the latter I mean that a child/young actor can initially be suitable for his role but as the story develops, the character changes and this transformation may not follow that of the young actor's. So in GoT, while the initial children/young casting was fine, as the show progressed, the adult reliable actors' time was continuously decreasing and the youth had to carry the show. That was always going to be a dice-roll and as is always the case when luck is involved, results varied. Opinions differ but way I saw it, in short, Daenerys-Jon Snow were ok to decent in acting, Sansa-Arya-Bran-Sam below average, Theon-Joffrey good to very good. Thus, transitioning from an acting level of 8-9/10 to 6-7/10 is a major issue and that's unfixable no matter how popular the show becomes; in fact the influx of attention and money for young actors often works negatively as they're not used to the pressure and with the sudden massive salaries their motivation may wane. * **HBO business model**. The show was grandiose from the start but in the early seasons they could avoid very demanding scenes (both money and time wise) by skipping/shortening battles as expectations were lower and there was the excuse of the most important battles happening in later seasons. In the final seasons however, that excuse was gone and expectations were massive, viewers wanted blockbuster level of action and visuals in a tv show format. That's ridiculous as that kind of money and time can't go in a tv show, at least in this day and age. What would HBO gain by spending like 2-3 years for a season and multiple hundreds of millions more ? They'd get better reviews but their income would remain roughly the same whilst having put in a lot more effort and money. The return of investment wasn't there, hence why I believe the tv show business model was at fault, even HBO's where they push the limitations further than anyone. In order for the fans to have gotten the grand finale they wanted while simultaneously making sense for HBO to put a lot more into it, it needed to end in cinema as a film, or even two films Avengers style. Take extra time to be more comfortable in all regards and put in huge 200mil film budgets in a guaranteed investment as everyone would be paying tickets to watch it. PS: Plot wise, my biggest gripes were all Essos matters suddenly vanishing in the final stretch, dragon related inconsistencies and religions/magic mysteries being left unexplained.
It's kinda wild how x-mancer has come to mean x-magic master while originally it meant telling the future by using x so necro-mancer, telling the future through the dead like in Greek mythology heroes interacting with the underworld about the future. So in its original meaning more like an oracle/prophet, I'd go with astromancy, using stuff in the sky to tell the future. It's probably humanity's #1 pseudoscience historically, even in this day and age there are plenty of people still buying it. In the modern context, I lean more towards warriors characters than mages in books/video games etc. so either a geomancer tank with shield combo or a hematomancer (blood) 2 handed warrior like Reavers in Dragon Age Origins.
Without any info on what you've read/enjoyed etc.: * **The Gunslinger** (Stephen King's Dark Tower #1). It fits the novella-short stories criterion, you can continue the series if you enjoy it or think of it as a standalone if you don't, plus it's one of the very rare instances where there are 3 different narrations available (first two harder to find): &gt; Original Version read by Frank Muller - 6Hrs 35Min &gt; Original Version read by Stephen King - 6Hrs 1Min &gt; Revised Version read by George Guidall - 7Hrs 20Min * **The Graveyard Book** written and narrated by Neil Gaiman, it's one standalone story ~8 hours. * **Hyperion**, more towards scifi, longer (21 hours) and part of a 4 part series although some prefer just the first book, some the first two and some all four. It's not separate short stories but it's close to that and the audiobook features a multi cast, a different narrator for each character, rare in audiobooks but it's something different, worth a shot. * **Metamorphoses** by Ovid, if you are into Greek mythology and/or classics. In the public domain so various available narrations, I went with Griffin which uses the Horace Gregory translation.
That's like heresy, only instances I can think of is younger when I read LotR first, then the Hobbit (and Silmarillion) and the Chronicles of Narnia in the internal chronological order as it was an omnibus. Both were suboptimal, Hobbit first and Narnia in publication order are better but in these two specific instances, it's not a huge deal. As for series that could benefit from out of order reading, maybe if you can somehow manage to read the Silmarillion without any War of the Ring stuff, it could enhance the experience of reading Hobbit+LotR by knowing all the background info.
Promoting from third division is brutal, especially if you don't finish 1st in "regular season". They got some good experiences, let's see what changes the summer brings.
Looks horrendous in pictures, maybe on video it's a bit better.
Lol what ? This season, LB was one of the weakest spots in the starting eleven, if not the weakest. A massive drop in performance by Marcelo without any apparent causes. Reguilon, relative to expectations, performed well in the sudden starting LB responsibility but overall didn't convince as an immediate starting LB for RM. I've never paid any attention on F.Mendy so I've got no opinion on him but RM looking for reinforcing in the LB role is not unreasonable.
Summer just started, what the hell are you talking about ? Transfer rumours is a core aspect of football fandom in off-season. If you are new, get used to it; if not, avoid anything football related till August.
That's a good problem to have, those performing best join the first team, the rest get sold.
Case is on an early stage but there's an interesting moral question in play. Should the club get punished for the actions of the players ? If it's 1 player acting on his own it's reasonable that the club has no responsibility but as the number grows it gets murkier. It's similar to how clubs have routinely gotten punished for the actions of fans inside the stadium.
I hate the feeling of forgetting stuff and having a sub-optimal experience so I exclusively read completed series. There are a ton of them and I'm patient in waiting the ongoing ones.
I'm not joking. Bale/Vinicius and whoever else occupied the left flank didn't do much defensively but for many years before that it was Ronaldo there doing even less defensively so that's not an explanation for the sudden massive drop in performance by Marcelo. No one doubts Reguilon has potential, hence why RM is expected to look after his development. What the priorities should be, whether 50mil for LB in general or Mendy specifically is worth it etc. are all valid discussions. Initially however you made it out like everything was fine at LB for RM which is not at all the case. Continuing with the same Marcelo/Reguilon combo would have been a big risk, Mendy is also a big risk but at least it's something new getting tried.
Thanks! PS: If liberating means killing, he certainly liberated a staggering number of Byelorussians.
Fascinating, thanks. What's this film's status in Belarus ?
What a flawed system. Garbage Zenit is seeded higher than 2nd place Totenham, 4th place Ajax, and previous champs RM. Madness.
From the little I've watched of him, he's impressed me so I'm happy with this signing.
Lmao. When people were pointing out the chance of this going to trial or convicting Ronaldo was small, they were getting massively downvoted. Good thing judicial systems have their own rules and don't rely on herd mentality.
As others said, ~tier 3.
I am aware why Zenit is in pot A and in general I know how the system works. Knowing why something is the way it is doesn't make it right or fair, for example homosexuals getting tortured/imprisoned in Saudi Arabia is in accordance to their laws but that doesn't mean it's not unethical. Totenham-Ajax-RM and other teams should be seeded higher than Zenit because they are (much) stronger teams. That should be the point of a seeding system, to distribute the teams according to their strength so that groups are more balanced and the better teams don't disqualify each other early in the tournament.
That's not what I said. The judicial systems have many flaws but they're infinitely better than getting judged by the public as was blatantly obvious in reddit during the leaks where the vast majority assumed Ronaldo had raped her.
That aspect of the judicial system is not good and I didn't say it was. The judicial systems have many flaws but they're infinitely better than getting judged by the public as was blatantly obvious on reddit during the leaks where the vast majority quickly assumed Ronaldo had raped her.
Keep going, the less you read the better, even in this thread. My method of overcoming spoilers is quickly trying to not think about it, maybe the one writing it was lying, trolling etc. After a while, I can somewhat convince myself to forget it.
Cba to look the various coaches James had before joining RM but he performed very well everywhere. In recent years though at the highest level, yeah, he's often struggled. This is not just on James though, original "10" role players have overall been struggling in 10+ years.
Inter Milan is wrong, it's Inter or Internazionale or Internazionale Milano, all cool names.
It's not dreadful, it's just normal. Few players score more free kick goals.
Few players take all or almost all free kicks. Free kicks are usually split to 2 or more players depending on side and distance. Thus in a list for conversion rate, Ronaldo will be low as he doesn't get the advantage of specializing. Overall however, he's not dreadful and few score more free kick goals.
Haven't seen real stats but yeah, that's probably true as free kicks are usually split to 2 or more players depending on side and distance while Ronaldo takes all or almost all of them.
Whenever I see season rankings with most free kick goals, Ronaldo is in it so the number of regular takers with more goals can't be high.
Haven't delved too much into Netflix but my view is that initially they put a ton of effort to create something impressive and increase their audience. As they became more and more popular, a ton of people would consume anything and they wanted to quickly build a huge library of their own content so the quality dropped and dropped.
The number of high level players scoring more than 3 free kicks in a season is tiny. It's extremely hard. You are right that in recent years Ronaldo scores 1-2 per season but I think it's fair to call that normal. I'd say 0-1 is bad and 0 dreadful.
I'm nostalgic of my favourite directors, Kubrick &amp; Sergio Leone. A low number of films created but almost all so special. I'm also nostalgic of film being the centerpiece of visual art. In the span of a few years, tv series-youtube-netflix streamed in devices etc. has taken over a lot of people. They'll consume countless hours of mostly average material without any effort to explore cinema.
By this season you mean the season that just ended or the one that's coming ? Anyway, in short, I thought RM's midfield last season performed quite bad. Out of everyone, only Kroos did decently and that's including wingers. That's like 10 players, hence why I think ~half of them need to go. Regarding the upcoming season, I've said multiple times what I desire to happen: -Ceballos (sell with clause/loan) -Valverde (loan/sell with clause) +Kovacic (Keep M.Lloente if he shows positive signs in summer camp and early friendlies, otherwise sell him with clause and keep Valverde instead) -Bale (~50m) +Hazard (~100εκ) -Isco (~60εκ) +James (+Εriksen delayed for next summer, try to convince the player to run out his contract and join in 2020 for free. If Eriksen isn't convinced or James doesn't want to return, buy Eriksen for ~90m and sell James ~50m).
Yeah, because R.Madrid or United are definitely not empires of wealth.
You are presenting it like that's the truth whilst it's not, it's an unreliable source claiming it. Maybe it's true, maybe it's not.
No it's not. Being a super efficient football agent doesn't make you human garbage. Furthermore, Breaking Bad was a lot more popular than the Kardashians. [Eriksen's agent has no other noteworthy client](https://www.transfermarkt.com/the-talents-sportsmanagement-ltd/beraterfirma/berater/1012) whilst Raiola and Mendes have tons and tons of high profile clients.
All transfers quickly become boring for fans of teams not involved with the transfer.
Almost all clubs have benefited from non football sources like the state, the municipality, wealthy individuals, wealthy companies.
If the player is unwanted and unable to warrant a transfer fee, leaving for free is fine. Whether he leaves to join PSG or Dortmund or Leeds, doesn't impact my feelings.
I've seen him in practically all RM games and I strongly disagree with "his natural finishing technique and instincts are world class when he is on it". I agree that in a literal sense he's obviously not shit but as a hyperbole in the context of top teams like RM-Juventus-Chelsea-Atletico, his performances hasn't been suitable for that level.
This is a common theme for high-profile Brazilians, they often decline massively in mid-late 20s, mostly because at that age you've got to keep training hard and start adjusting your game, compensating your decreasing physical ability with experience. Famous exceptions are Pele, Cafu, R.Carlos and D.Alves.
No, there is no coincidence. A human garbage is someone highly unethical and we got very little info regarding that about Menses/Raiola.
&gt;Mate, you can't support a football agent I'm not supporting a football agent, I just responded to nonsense.
Didn't know Galacticos had its own wiki page, i skim-read it, looked decent. In my mind, there's no doubt the true Galacticos era was in Perez' first term and even then moreso in the first 4 years up till Beckham. Beyond that things get murkier, definitions need to be constantly modified and it's more of a gimmick term than something coherent and useful. Perez in his second term has implemented a very different policy and it's constantly getting modified, hence why it's been so unpredictable for anyone to predict R.Madrid's moves. From the legendary 2009 summer up till James (who even him was something like half a galactico) someone could argue for a second Galactico era but beyond that, no way. In fact, the summers after were the opposite of the Galacticos policy. About the rest, yeah, Hazard would be a galactico signing for obvious reasons but nothing as spectacular as Figo-Zidane-C.Ronaldo. Hazard is not at their level of football ability, his marketing is infinitely lower and his transfer cost (obviously in relative not absolute terms) will probably be significantly lower. This summer is starting to get compared with the 2009 summer and although early, there are indeed similarities. Hopefully, RM manages their sales better than in 2009. Imo, Hazard's case is similar to the C.Ronaldo saga in 2008* and 2009. I'm convinced RM went for him last summer but quickly decided they'll get him this summer. If you remember early on when Ronaldo finalised his departure, there was talk like RM is guaranteed to go for Hazard and it's likely to join. Then 1 week later, all that talk suddenly ceased. If RM had not decided for the following summer, the pressure would have kept going for at least a few weeks. (*Obviously not exactly the same as with Ronaldo as Calderon had probably fully agreed with pre-contracts etc.) Way I see it, RM not going for Hazard was very unlikely. Only fringe scenarios like the new coach not liking him, Hazard being out of form/injured, someone out of Asensio/Isco/Vinicius dazzling on the left wing. Imo, Perez didn't invest last summer as he was waiting for Hazard (and maybe other opportunities too) plus he bought into the hype that the roster could handle Ronaldo's absence without much reinforcing. There were plenty of RM fans/journalists/neutral fans supporting the latter last summer up till early fall. Obviously that was proven dead wrong, all that talk disappeared in an instant and some of the same people supporting that quickly started bashing Perez' summer planning, thus practically flip flopping their position and proving their limited football understanding.
Rest from what ? His playing time was quite limited last season, especially in the final months he barely played. Copa America would have been a valuable experience for him as long as he was included in the rotation and not just joining for the ride. As for coming big next year, Hazard looks very likely to join so Vinicius' favourite position will be occupied most of the time. Add to that Jovic joining with possible double forward tactics and it's not looking bright for him playing time wise. Aside of suddenly improving his game and becoming a lot more efficient, his best shot is learning to play RW where it will probably be a lot easier to find playing time.
What I meant was quite clear. The reasons why Vinicius had a limited playing time were [various](https://www.transfermarkt.co.uk/vinicius-junior/leistungsdaten/spieler/371998), the injury being one of them.
All of that info has little to do with what I said. Vinicius' playing time was quite limited last season, especially in the final months he barely played hence why him getting rest is a non issue.
There are definitely some positives in it but overall whether it would be better to go or not, I think it's debatable.
YupWe are going in circles. Someone having limited time doesn't mean he was being benched, I never said that and you claiming I did is disingenuous. Vinicius has limited time for various reasons, the injury was an important one but not the only one. In the first months he usually wasn't in the first team, later he sometimes got benched plus the fact that RM went out early in the CL. Those were the various reasons why he had limited playing time last season and that's why your claim about him needing to rest is nonsense. That was the crux of my initial response but you obviously didn't take that well and you're desperately trying to take the discussion elsewhere as if I expressed a negative view on him or as if I urged him to not take it easy and be reckless. Ridiculous.
Yeah but there's no trophy for that, just a medal.
Under-x are not considered wins with the first team.
I'm not forgetting anything, either your understanding of the English language is limited or you're stupid. The phrase *"His playing time was quite limited last season, especially in the final months he barely played."* is entirely factual and offers zero commentary on why that was or whether he should recklessly be rushed back. You are pathetically trying to shoehorn those in, in what I said. Vinicius was injured from early March to early May. In the final games he not only was available but he played. Copa America starts mid June so 1+month since his time of recovery, hence why your idea of recklessness is absolutely moronic. His lack of playing time at the start of the season was part of his overall limited playing time in the whole season and a direct counter argument to your claim of him benefiting from resting. It doesn't get more relevant than that. The less you play early or midway into the season, the more energy you've got later in the season. You don't generate extra additional energy, you've just depleted less and have more available than if you had been constantly playing. This is elementary stuff but this is where you've plunged the discussion with your moronic claims. Can't wait for the next stupid remarks coming out of your mouth.
&gt;Olympics is also a youth tournament. Mostly but not fully. They allow 3 older players, many decades ago the Olympics was a normal world cup like tournament and Olympics have a special kind of meaning.
Ronaldinho, Adriano, Ronaldo, Robinho, Rivaldo, Garincha, Socrates, Romario, Kaka, Maicon, Denilson, Diego Ribas, Pato. PS: I'd also add Pepe to the list of famous exceptions.
The other side of the pressure was Hazard being unwilling to help convince Chelsea to lower the price. He didn't want to sour his relationship with Chelsea and their fans by faking injury etc. so RM had no leverage beyond threatening to sign him for free a year later. Chelsea knew RM really wanted him now so there was no point prolonging the issue and both sides compromised.
My preference is all white&gt;purple&gt;deep blue&gt;golden so it's not bad but somewhat average. Haven't seen the fonts and I don't like the asymmetrical positioning of the CWC. The away weird blue one looks quite good.
I agree. What I feel is at play here is that practically all readers are predisposed in the classical tropes (good vs evil, good beating evil, radical change, closure) so when First Law shatters all that, they either feel satisfied/liberated or frustrated/angry. The contortion is in their minds from experiencing the same tropes over and over ad infinitum, their base perception is so severely skewed that when something radically different happens, they feel it's forced.
&gt; it felt like the world was contorting itself into whatever shape was required to fuck over the characters the most in order to justify their inability to grow and change. In what character or specific storyline do you think that was most prevalent ?
That's true but it's the opposite of spoiler free.
Completely spoiler free, no. If I had to do it, I'd put it as **"subversion of tropes"**. If it's a relatively inexperienced reader who isn't as accustomed with tropes, he'll get little out of it beyond that it's something different. If it's an experienced reader, he'll be overly suspicious but there are so many tropes and Abercrombie does it so well that the ending won't be severely ruined. Subversion of tropes is a key theme of the trilogy, especially the ending, and it's imo the main reason why it's polarizing.
Why do you do it though ? After some time following this kind of stuff, you should be able to use that knowledge to filter out the trash and help others in the community who can't tell the quality of rumours.
Not even Marca's chief editor would dare to make that claim.
Read it earlier and was wondering what's the reliability of this rumour ? Usually when it's about staff members, info is rather reliable but this one feels like a bit of speculation. Anyway, it's kinda wild how there are people claiming Pintus was a major part of the CL successes while there are others claiming the opposite. Reality is no one knows what's going on behind doors. Facts are RM had a good stint with him and some players seemed to like him. Beyond that who knows really.
No, it's certainly not everyone that posts trash all the time. There are some who do that religiously but that's not an excuse to join in. You can help by downvoting and/or warning others it's a trash rumour but instead you're doing it worse.
Dunno if there's a specific name (doubt it) but it's mostly an american thing. They've had such an enormous output of films that they were bound to make films with non americans and replacing other languages with english had various positives, the most important of which, more profit. There's no doubt that using original language and actors is in general better artistically but for me personally, it's a tossup since I understand english and I don't have to rely on subtitles which rarely convert 90%+ of the meaning, it's usually lower. The forced accent can be a bit jarring sometimes and a unique(?) way of dealing with this overall issue was in the hunt for red october where the film starts in russian, zooms in the protagonist and transitions to english. Not the best film but the initial sequence in the sub was excellent (also Poledouris music always a bonus).
Nah, 150m is too much, especially after so much expenditure. If the price gets lowered a bit and RM makes some decent money in sales, revisit the issue later in summer.
Hello! Have read all your books up till this one and my favourites were the early ones where magic was a lot more prevalent (Tigana-Fionavar-Silmarillion). How come you chose to go with less and less magic and is there any realistic chance of writing a magic heavy story again ? PS: Shout-out to Simon Vance who's done a great job narrating most of GGK's books!
True, hence why I wrote mostly an american thing. British films also do it sometimes but I feel like it's more rare since they don't create as many films and they usually contain themselves thematically to british related stuff.
That's the con, when you first read it, you are predisposed by all the tropes to ignore or play down those clues.
Nah, 150m is too much, especially after so much expenditure. If the price gets lowered a bit and RM makes some decent money in sales, revisit the issue later in summer.
&gt; the new FFP financial rule that will begin after July 1st we can only buy 100 million more of what we sell First time I hear that, any source ?
It's not a race, you don't gain any substantial benefit whether you sign someone in spring or early summer or mid summer. The only difference is the player's participation in the summer trainings and in the long term that's trivial. Real Madrid has paid a shit ton of money for all their signings (Rodrygo-Militao-Jovic-Hazard-Mendy), it's not like they've struck unexpected bargains.
Why ? Outside of Spain they seem to progress better (Carvajal-Casemiro-Morata-Mascarell-Odegaard-Hakimi).
Even if he accepted 4th CB status, there was no spot of him as Nacho would have to be removed and that was unlikely.
&gt; When he comes back he will fight with Mendy for the LB position as Marcelo is already declining and leaving soon. That's more towards fan-fiction than reality. Marcelo is 31, he could easily stay around for 2-3 more years, Reguilon could fail wherever he goes, Hakimi could do well with Dortmund and join the first team at the LB role, there's the small chance of Theo Hernandez recovering. There are so many factors at play that it's very tough to make predictions. For now, it's Marcelo-Mandy in unknown order.
The fish can certainly get away and Mbappe is like trying to catch a whale with a fishing rod.
Real Madrid's tolerance for failure is limited.
Τrue, time is a factor but still, I think the praise is exaggerated.
No, it does not. There's definitely some accounting going on with when the transfers are made etc. but the main point that interests most people is how much money they're spending in the summer.
He had a terrible season but it's highly unlikely he magically lost his football ability overnight. I think there's a decent chance he recovers his form, at least to a certain extent.
How about if you have both, maybe you get even more success that way! ...guys, I think we're onto something big here.
I don't think his decline stood out from the rest in Zidane's last year and overall it's suspicious how his decline has followed the rest of the squad's. Marcelo has shown his quality and ability to recover time and again so given his age, I agree with R.Madrid's decision to give him another shot.
Ι got no proof, only arguments and the way I see it, it's common logic. Regarding proof, the one making the assertion has the burden of providing proof so in this case, whoever's claiming that specific dates play an important role in how transfer money is spent has to provide arguments, proof etc.
If Bale stays and no right winger gets signed, he's got a good chance of playing a big role as he's by far the best right winger in the roster. It's very early though for this kind of discussion, during friendlies we're gonna get some idea but the final roster in the end of the summer will reveal the most.
RM has obviously done a lot of spending and reinforcing but there are still plenty of unresolved issues like new CM or the RW spot or the ton of sales that need to happen. There's no doubt that next season's roster is going to be severely improved but the real question is how well was the money spent. I'll express my views on that in the end of the summer, analysing all the moves etc.
Yeah, that new FFP change also caught my eye although I didn't delve too much into the details. The landscape seems indeed to be changing so we'll soon see how clubs adjust to it.
I wouldn't recommend it to a 15yo, it's a bit convoluted so some reading experience is helpful. It's also good to think it as semi-separate books, like an anthology or something, there's quite a bit of history in how it was written.
In a sense yeah, at least nearly all as the written chain stops somewhere. For example in the west, it stops at Homer and Hesiod who probably adapted from the oral tradition.
Up till what point though ? There are initially [4 books from her](https://www.goodreads.com/series/51187-avalon) followed by 3 from another author. Should someone read just the first, the first four, all seven ? ...always wondered about it.
Haven't yet delved too much into Arthurian Legend but in the few instances I have, I've mostly enjoyed it. In books, The Once and Future King and (Guy Gavriel Kay bibliography related slight spoiler) &gt;!Fionavar!&lt; were pretty good. In film, Excalibur, First Knight and King Arthur (2004) seemed all right although I've got to admit I watched them somewhat young. As others have said, the degree to which each Arthurian Legend story is classic or not is complicated but I agree that film wise, there is no masterpiece level film (or film series or tv series). It's bound to happen though at some point.
Personally I never take pauses to read other books etc. Whenever I start a series, I'm gonna read just that, till the end, even if it's less enjoyful than I expected. My biggest struggle was Wheel of Time somewhere in the middle books. It wasn't very appealing which meant I read less of it and it was like a vicious cycle so I explored my options and found out about audiobooks. I gave them a shot and although it required an adjusting period as I'm not a native speaker, it worked wonders. The narration was excellent, it had a steady pace and I could multi-task like jogging or some kind of chore. That way I went through the rest of WoT rather quickly and kept reading everything through audiobooks thereafter. I suggest giving that a go and in general, long series are very popular but they're certainly not for everyone. There are plenty of great standalones or shorter series.
This is probably a good idea for a poll to create a top X list and draw more attention to anthologies or specific short stories. It's not my preferred format but some that I liked are: * Ovid's Metamorphoses * The Lost Books of the Odyssey * Asimov, he's got tons, my favourites (excluding I Robot/Complete Robot): Nightfall, Last Question, Feeling of Power, Troubles in the world, Profession, Ugly Little Boy, Billiard Ball, Dead Past, Martian Way, Belief, Spell my name with an S, The Red Queen's Race, The Last Answer * Abercrombie's Sharp Ends (although it's a shame to read it on its own without the context of the six First Law World books). * Stephen King's Skeleton Crew &amp; Everything's Eventual (not fantasy) * The Complete Chronicles of Conan (all of the original RE Howard Conan short stories)
Dunno if this is the right place to make a recommendation but anyway, since this is the format that's getting used most of the time, I think it would be a cool idea to try a weighted voted for once. So for example, instead of giving each voter 10 books that count equally, give him say 3 books with 3+2+1 points so for example: 1) LotR 3 points 2) Harry Potter 2 3) Malazan 1. It would be an easy way to really determine what are the absolute favourites.
1. The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien 2. First Law by Joe Abercrombie 3. Iliad &amp; Odyssey by Homer 4. 1984 by George Orwell 5. The Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan 6. Hyperion Cantos by Dan Simmons 7. Tigana by Guy Gavriel Kay 8. Conan the Barbarian Series by Robert E Howard 9. His Dark Materials by Phillip Pullman 10. Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury
If any of the above don't fulfill the criteria, replacements in this order: 1. Animal Farm by George Orwell 2. A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess 3. The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupery 4. The Graveyard Book by Neil Gaiman
I've been binge reading Graeco-Roman mythology books and I've covered most of what I deemed suitable after my research so I'm wondering maybe someone has any further recommendations that I should look into. The list I went through chronologically and a 1-10 rating based on my enjoyment of it: * Aesop's Fables 7/10 * Asimov's The Greeks 7 * Iliad + Odyssey 9 * Aeneid 8 * Oresteia (the play) 9 * Simmons' Ilium + Olympos 7 * Gemmell's Troy trilogy 6 * Miller's Song of Achilles + Circe 6 + Galatea (short story) 9 * Atwood's Penelopiad 7 * Mason's Lost Books of the Odyssey 6 + Narcissus (short story) 9 * Apollonius' Argonautica 7 * Hesiod's Theogony 6 * Hesiod's Works and Days 7 + Shield of Herakles (short story) 6 * Homeric Hymns 6 * Ovid's Metamorphoses 9 * Hughes' Tales from Ovid 6 * Hamilton's Mythology 8 * Till We Have Faces 8 * (I've also gone through the Vandiver Great Courses on Iliad-Odyssey-Aeneid-Classical Mythology and I'm going through various films/play recordings of ancient tragedies) What I've shelved for future visit are Stephen's Fry Mythos trilogy (third book not yet released), Mason's Metamorphica (not in the mood for short stories), Wolfe's Latro trilogy (no audiobooks) and Gemmell's Lion of Macedon duology (want to research Philip-Alexander more). Any ideas ?
Rightly so.
Yeah, I'm in the process of going through the Greek plays, mostly through films, theatre recordings or radio dramas. Lavinia, I pondered about it after I finished Aeneid but I decided against it since that specific part of the story didn't do much for me. Odyssey: A Modern Sequel is a lot more obscure but I also took a look at it. Glanced the first couple of pages and it looks like a mightily tough book to go through. Maybe if it's released on audiobook I'll give it a go, unfortunately only Zorbas is available in that format from Kazantzakis' works.
The [audible](https://www.audible.com/pd/The-Oresteia-Audiobook/B002VAA8OA) one, *"An adaptation by Yuri Rasovsky, based on a translation by Ian Johnston."* Not experienced in plays but I enjoyed it. Thanks for the suggestions, most I hadn't seen before so I'll take a look at them.
MMA, kick-boxing, NBA playoffs, Euroleague final four, motoGP, formula 1, some Olympics, superbowl ...anything that features top level competition is appealing to me.
&gt;I read kind of a joke about life under Communist regimes: &gt;\- If you are honest and supportive of the regime, you cannot be intelligent &gt;\- If you are intelligent and supportive of the regime, you cannot be honest. &gt;\- if you are honest and intelligent, you cannot be supportive of the regime. &gt;This is universal to authoritarian/totalitarian regimes. Anyone who is perceptive enough to see the dysfunctions of such a regime and honest enough to recognize them cannot be supportive of it. Anyone who is willing to support such a regime is either too stupid to realize what they’re doing or able to deceive themselves about it. There is some truth in that but it's not absolute. For example, you can be honest-intelligent-supportive of a communist regime if you consider it better than the alternative/previous regime. E.g. Russia towards the end of the monarchy and especially during WWI was in very bad shape, incredibly incompetent governing and atrocious conditions for huge parts of the population. When communism took over, conditions improved significantly early on. Similarly in China after WWII and other countries where communism took over. Additionally, you can be honest-intelligent-supportive of a communist regime if you consider it better than the alternative/capitalism. There's no doubt that during the 20th century the populations of rich western countries lived much better than their counterparts in communist countries but the former exploited the underdeveloped countries a lot more and abused more natural resources. Thus someone prioritizing the well-being of the whole human race and/or environmentalism could prefer communism. Finally, authoritarian/totalitarian are 20th century terms but their core is close to autocracy which has been around since pre-history and there have been capable autocrats that someone honest-intelligent could have supported. Examples, various ancient greek like Peisistratos-Periander-Dionysius I-Alexander, various romans like Augustus-Trajan-Marcus Aurelius etc. In this light Glokta **does** make sense as a character. Is he ideal ? Far from it but he's probably better than the alternatives ...you've got to be realistic about these things. He tortures people to get to the bottom of the mystery and rise in knowledge and power. Plus, in the end he hooks up with the alcoholic girl which was somewhat of a dream desire of his. He can't be free but he can be freer than he used to be and freer than those surrounding him. Bit by bit he achieves that and we're there for that fascinating ride, hence a brilliant character.
There is no "new-found love for Atletico". It's well known that RM doesn't rate Hermoso and M.Llorente so the players seek the best possible team for the future. If they choose Atletico, it's their will and RM has always been accommodating to players, especially academy ones who have been there since they were kids. It's not like RM plans to have Hermoso and M.Llorente in their first team in the future or that they want to help Atletico.
Lol at the circlejerking over Llorente's family, are you really indirectly advocating for nepotism ? Any player that spends many years in a club's academy is a fan of said club, it's the same with Llorente.
It's as simple as it gets, fans are just in denial. They're unable to come to terms with two ideas that in their minds are so conflicting. Their adoration for Zidane and their liking of Llorente can't accept the fact that Zidane doesn't rate him. Weirdest part is that this is nothing new, it's been clear since Zidane was Castilla's coach like 5 years ago. Regarding the future and disaster, the key part is RM winning titles, it doesn't have to be immediate (1 year) or with Zidane on the helm but it's got to be soon (2-3 years). So if for example for whatever reasons Zidane does terribly and gets sacked quickly, if a new coach comes and wins titles, it won't be a disaster. Vast majority of signings in recent years have been on very young players, it's not like they're older players and there's a clock on what they will offer. Losing players like Llorente-Ceballos will sting only if RM does bad and they shine in their new clubs. History has shown that that is a rare event, last time that happened was probably 10 years ago with Robben.
I didn't say you were, I asked. Punctuation matters. It's a thread of Llorente nearing Atletico and there are a ton of comments regarding his family connections with RM so it's valid to wonder why is that so important.
Why is Rodri leaving and where is he going ? I didn't follow Atletico but there was so much hype and praise around him.
Gotta love blatant revisionism. Two summers ago Theo Hernandez was getting a ton of hype and praise by most RM fans, now "even back then he wasn't that good". Lmao.
If there was one player that could somewhat change that, it was M.Llorente for RM for various reasons but yeah, I agree that it's highly unlikely the good looks of a DM will play any noticeable role in the marketing of a big club.
He sold more shirts than anyone foremost because he was a brilliant player, probably best in the world for a little while in between Zidane and the rise of Messi/Ronaldo.
Oh so he's upgrading, okay, makes sense for him to leave then.
That is selfish. If you care for the player you should want whatever he wants and in this case it looks like his preferred destination is Atletico.
We got Theo Hernandez thanks to them, we've got to return the favor.
&gt; I would personally prefer we sell him to any other club(except Barcelona) for less than that. That's because you are selfish, putting your own desire above the club's and player's preference.
Llorente is 24.5, just completed his second season in the first team, has overall contributed very little to RM and has already done the loan/buy back tour with Alaves. It also looks like his preferred destination is Atletico and you can't pull the usual buy back tricks with rival teams, hence why the transfer fee is significant.
No doubt but occasions like this one are why it's often good that RM doesn't allow managers absolute power.
&gt; he’s good at what he does What is that ? It's certainly not winning titles.
I asked. If I wanted to make that accusation or imply it, I would have done so differently.
What you're describing is probable but not certain. The starter argument could be an excuse for the media, if RM really wanted him to replace Nacho, they might have been able to convince him to join and fight for time. Even in Atletico, competition will be a lot less fierce for time but it's not certain he'll be a starter. Zidane already played a part in promoting Nacho over Pepe who was definitely the better CB between the two.
Busquets is brilliant but is he strong marketing wise ? Doubt it.
It's a matter of whether there is net gain for the squad or net loss. If Zidane's issue with Llorente is personal and not directly related to football, the club should intervene and try to resolve the matter. If Zidane insists and threatens either him or Llorente, obviously keep Zidane but it's still reprehensible behaviour from Zidane.
I think there's a difference between Zidane not wanting him for football reasons or for non football reasons. In the former, even he's proven wrong and Llorente does great elsewhere, it's ok, just bad judgement. In the latter, for example a personal issue, the club should intervene and try to resolve but yeah if Zidane insists, you've got to go with Zidane and remove Llorente. Still, in this latter case, it would be reprehensible behaviour from Zidane.
I've got a much lower opinion on Llorente but still, I'd have kept him over Valverde. I agree that the club helping the careers of their youth players is a good policy, it's policies likes this one that has made RM the #1 destination for youngsters worldwide. A buyback clause for Llorente is unrealistic, at best they might be able to insert a small, say 25%, on the next sale which would be a god move with Atleti constantly buying and selling players. Hermoso I've never seen so I can't comment buy yeah with Ramos-Varane-Militao it looked very tough for him even if he replaced Nacho. Still, he's been doing quite well lately and if he indeed joins Atleti it would be a huge opportunity. He's also rather young at 23 and CBs sometimes take a while to reach their peak.
&gt;He's not a brilliant character. It depends on what someone means exactly by that but beyond personal opinion which expectedly varies greatly, he's ranked #1 or #2 favourite character for fans of the books and needless to say it's one of the most popular modern fantasy series. &gt; Great characters shed light on the human condition. A somewhat vague phrase but I think he does that. Throughout fiction, disabled main characters are already very rare but a disabled main character who tortures and kills on his path to power is probably unique. Bonus points for being told in a POV format and allowing readers to get inside his head, especially in the audiobook narration it's a fascinating experience. &gt; you have to admit that it's not possible to combine honesty, intelligence, and running a gulag and torturing people. Those things absolutely impair your honesty and/or intelligence. Honest to himself or towards others ? The first holds true, the second not. It's been sometime since I read the books so I'm uncertain about details but Glokta probably considers himself as better than the alternatives and thus keeps going. People are going to suffer and die no matter what he does, if he rises in power he'll be able to improve the situation and reduce the suffering. And he probably achieves that in the end. I've not read the Name of the Rose and I skimmed read your point in case of spoilers, can't respond. &gt; Inquisitors aren't dismayed by existence of witchcraft. They absolutely want to discover wtichcraf! Don't recall the incident exactly but it's a very low magic world so real magic is shocking. &gt; Secret police aren't dismayed that they have to frame innocents, they basically exist to do that! Soldiers are often dismayed when they kill people despite it being part of their job. Glokta doesn't enjoy inflicting pain, it's a means to an end for him. He doesn't intend to stay a torturer/killer for his whole life, he wants to rise in the hierarchy and gain more control.
I pay little attention to european basketball but I'm interested from the managing perspective since it's the same board as with football. Do you think basket RM is doing better than FCB due to more economic investment, better management or both ?
It would be a big boost compared to the present but if you compare to ~2 years back, it's actually significantly worse. 2017 Modric &gt; Pogba 2017 Ronaldo &gt; Hazard 2017 Isco/Bale ≈ Jovic 2017 Marcelo &gt; Mendy
&gt; If you start making appeals to popularity, you'll have to argue why they apply to Glokta but not to Edward from twilight! That's why I wrote *"it depends on what someone means exactly by brilliant"*. An aspect or an interpretation of that is certainly popularity. A key reason why most fiction books are written is providing entertainment and although I'm not familiar with twilight, it's obviously massively popular so it almost certainly includes great characters in it (in the context of enjoyment for readers). I don't think there are many with the opinion that Glokta is a literary marvel; in the context of fantasy fiction though, yeah, he's great. &gt; Disabled people doing bad things is pretty old hat, to be honest. Shakespeare wrote Richard III over four centuries ago, and people don't remember it because a hunchback does crimes, they remember it because of its exploration of political ambition and ruthlessness. Shakespeare doing it with Richard III doesn't stop Glokta from being being an extremely rare main character in fiction. Given the enormous amount of people facing disabilities, fiction has done a terrible job narrating such stories so Glokta does shed light on the human condition as you put it.
I've already read it so I don't mind but that's a spoiler.
The seven first law books are among my favourites and I rated all of them 9-10/10. The shattered sea, I enjoyed them quite a bit, rated them 7-8/10. I'd summarize it as Abercrombie light, it's still got his trademark style but it's simpler. Enjoying one of the two is a very good indicator of enjoying the other. I think this trilogy would benefit significantly if it was released in one big book and if it was narrated by Steven Pacey as the FL. Ideally, it would have been set up in the FL world to expand the limited world-building but it would need some small edits.
Disabled main characters with antihero traits is not unique but it's very rare, in fiction in general, not just fantasy. I don't see any running into problems. In the span of human imagination and storytelling, yeah Glokta isn't great and I don't think there are many people believing otherwise. In the context of modern fantasy so ~1900-present, he's pretty good if not great. The specific criterion of "shedding light on the human condition" is definitely fulfilled by Glokta although I don't think that alone is capable of determining great characters. Not familiar with the Thomas Convenant series but in your description there is no disability, "angry, embittered anti-hero" is not the usual trope but it's not very uncommon either. Tyrion, I've only followed him through the tv show and he's obviously disabled but his behaviour and actions are not similar to Glokta's, he's not torturing and killing in a regular basis. I don't think it's common enough to warrant an archetype status but as a category, from the very little I've seen, it's fascinating to me as I've greatly enjoyed both Glokta and Tyrion.
Certainly one aspect of the overall limited world-building, limited not in quality but in quantity. I know it hasn't been one of Abercrombie's priorities but I hope and believe he needs to improve that going forwards. It's incredibly difficult to constantly come up with new great characters to carry your stories, the world itself needs to help out.
I thought the seed's radiation-like effects was a masterstroke by Abercrombie. Such a simple idea yet very rarely utilised.
I've stayed away from any news about the new books but it's already visible in the standalones and Sharp Ends that he's expanding the world-building, going to other areas of the world and making them different. As with all things, moderation is key. Wheel of Time for example that I in general like a lot, often went the other way, world-building for the sake of world-building and sacrificing the main story.
I've not read the source materials but from quickly looking around I'm not sure they all fit the criterion of disabled main characters who torture and kill. Elric of Melnibone looks like he's some kind of albino so visually different, not much of a disability. Does he perform actions similar to Glokta (or different but similar in reprehensibility like maybe rape or paedophilia ? Raistlin seems certainly disabled but does he perform actions similar to Glokta ? Jaime Lannister, at least in the show isn't a main character and by the time he's crippled, he has softened up. Thomas Convenant, as I said earlier, what's his disability and does he perform similar actions to Glokta ? Tyrion Lannister, again from the show, certainly disabled but nowhere near Glokta's level of behaviour. Miles Vorkosigan seems disabled, does he act similarly to Glokta ? Dunno how exactly mental-illness connects to disability but I meant physical disabilities. Mental stuff, especially with modern ever loosening definitions, I think like half literary characters would qualify for a diagnosis.
There's some truth in what you're saying but you're exaggerating or viewing it in a narrow matter. Vast majority of football fans only watch 1-3 games per week so the actual time commitment is small, it's also usually in weekends/nights where most people aren't going to be working/studying etc. Gambling is a massive issue for humanity overall, it's not just football gambling. Football federations/teams/players/journalists have done an atrocious job in fighting gambling but still, it should be heavily regulated from the outside, by governments. And governments are (usually) elected by the masses so responsibility lies with the public. There's definitely a degree of dogmatism/fanaticism/social conformity going, it's like religion light. So, as in all things, moderation is key. Football is mostly an enjoyment tool, whether you use it to your benefit or abuse it to your detriment, is for each person to decide.
I don't think there's ever been a high profile instance of a 2 for 1 player exchange, let alone 3 for 1.
Very good, the prequel is cool too.
The PSG board hate Bartomeu though ...unless they actually want to get rid of Neymar.
Hah, didn't catch that!
&gt; First Law Trilogy - Joe Abercrombie. I really found those books a slog to get through and I hated all of the characters. However, I recognize that I am far outside the norm on this one and I liked some of his other books like Best Served Cold so I still recommend First Law when it sounds like what the person is looking for. That's a common theme for Abercrombie readers, disliking the trilogy or hating the ending will often enjoy the standalones, especially Best Served Cold. It's probably got something to do with the &gt;!sort of happy ending.!&lt;
&gt; where mythology and fantasy are sufficiently separate? These are notoriously tough concepts to define exactly but I'd say mythology was fiction-history-religion-science-education all blended in together. For the people living at that time, it had extra significance, a hint of that mechanism can be observed in current religions like christianity/islam although most scientific literate people have at least removed that part out. For modern readers though, unless it's a scholar studying stuff, it can easily be viewed as fantasy fiction with the caveat that it sometimes takes for granted that the reader knows some information. For example, an Asian with zero familiarity in anything Greek, attempting to read the Iliad, will quickly get swamped at the start because the author supposes key concepts are already known. This is why said books will often include lengthy introductions summarizing the story and explaining stuff. And this works both ways, so in the other end of the spectrum, the more you've studied Greek mythology, the more you can take from the Iliad. It's like LotR, one can read just that story but if you've read all middle-earth stuff, you can get even more out of it. PS: Imo, all mythology is fantasy but not all fantasy is mythology.
Ancient classics: **Gilgamesh-Iliad-Odyssey-Aeneid-Metamorphoses**. They require extra effort as nothing is spoon fed to you but they're exceptionally good and it's ridiculous how much they've affected modern fantasy. Heroes, magic, gods, monsters, prophecies... what's better than reading the start of the written fiction chain.
It's an automated response by a bot, the phrase *"I'll kill myself"* triggered it.
Yeah, fabrication is the most likely scenario but it's uncertain which is a common theme in Abercrombie's writing, blurring the lines between what is true and not. Bayaz has been pulling this trick for countless years, it's like his most perfected scheme, he's a grandmaster in it and throughout the series, this part of the plan concerns him the least.
Yeah that sort of qualifies but still, it's extremely rare so the chance of it happening is very small. I think some people familiar with american sports will view it mistakenly, in football players have to actually agree in order to change teams.
It doesn't have to be in a year, it can be in 2-3-4 years or even just make profit on a resell later.
RM rarely upgrades directly from Castilla to first team, the usual route is getting loaned out/sold with release clause so that probably wasn't a concern for RM. For Barcelona, yeah, it would have been an issue as they rarely do that.
Their academies, it's still an important accomplishment but the goal is becoming a first team player and very few manage that at his age.
How about 2015-16 ? The whole squad was in shambles but still, Hazard was uncharacteristically bad.
Why go through all that trouble, just put him back in Castilla, less paperwork.
When Ronaldo arrived at Real Madrid, he was younger than what M.Llorente is now.
Ηe was relatively consistent except from that season. I don't follow Chelsea closely but I think there's a good chance some fuckery was going on between the players and Mourinho too.
There and Pogback Again.
Consider suggesting audiobooks, they fit teenager lifestyle better.
I don't follow Castilla or the clubs they were loaned/sold when they were young so my viewing sample is small but anyway, at various points in their careers they had potential and there were reasons for big clubs to look at them. At the present though, their careers are in a tough spot. It's extremely hard to determine whether a talented youngster will make it at the highest level or the 4-5th level (Sevilla-Valencia) or lower. It's small things and some factors are linked with the future, for example what injuries he'll go through (Vallejo), whether he's gonna stay super motivated after he's accumulated a few millions in his bank account (Jese), what personalities is he gonna work with (Ronaldo) etc. It's very rewarding when you get it right but predicting the future is tough, that's why even the best at it working with top clubs often get it wrong. The notion that fans, most of which are casuals and hella biased, will be able to accurately assess such matters is ludicrous. Since M.Llorente's spell at Alaves (if not earlier), there's been constant praise and hype for him among RM fans but his output on the pitch doesn't match that.
&gt; who would you say has done the most evil of Khalul and Bayaz? That's tough to impossible to answer since Abercrombie doesn't reveal much of their long history and even the little that does get revealed, it's somewhat unreliable with contradicting views. For me, the more interesting question is who's most evil between the two based on what is shown in the books. We get a lot of direct exposure on Bayaz but none from Khalul, it's all indirect through his armies, eaters, Ferro and the other mage etc. Still, for me, Khalul seems worse than Bayaz. Rampant slavery combined with absolute theocracy/cult of personality versus a harsh feudal system being guided by one person in the background... they're similar but I think the latter is less immoral. Also, Bayaz employs a lot less eaters, he might even be against magical cannibalism. Finally, his military strategy is not as aggressively expansive as Khalul's. A key moment is towards the end of the trilogy when Bayaz triggers the seed and wipes out Khalul's offensive. Even with all the later information like the radiation impact and Bayaz' full revealment, between the two options, I'd still take Bayaz' devastation over Khalul's army killing Bayaz, conquering the city and probably the whole continent. Maybe Khalul has to employ all these immoral tactics to match Bayaz and if he wins he tones it down or even becomes benevolent but that's rarely the case and certainly not a risk I'd take. PS: I strongly advise continuing the series with the standalones (Best Served Cold&gt;Heroes&gt;Red Country&gt;Sharp Ends).
Source ?
&gt; EVERYONE said this Can you provide one that says that *"It is in his contract that he plays RM first team in the 20/21 season and doesn't get loaned out"* ? As far as I know, RM has never agreed to such a clause by a young player.
No, what you are describing is not common logic. Common logic is to use all the available sources, none of which corroborates your claim. Common logic is to compare with all previous youth signings, none of which had such a clause inserted. You've got a theory, that's fine, everyone can have one. You're just basing it on nothing concrete.
Last great low budget sort of scifi film I saw was Abre los ojos by Amenabar. It blew my mind although I won't say more since not knowing what you're going to see is vital. One other that comes to mind is a russian obscure one named "The End of Eternity". I had binged read Asimov's novels and that's how I came to that adaptation. I think the core concepts were great but the film took liberties in the end I disagreed with. I'm sure there are plenty of worthwhile low budget sci-fi but there's certainly a degree of truth in what you're saying. I think horror is a lot easier to accomplish with low budget... low lighting, small duration, simple scripts. Sci-fi usually requires a decent budget, otherwise it looks fake and takes out the immersion.
If Hazard wasn't signed or if Neymar was right winger, okay but how the hell would both fit in the same squad ? It's not reasonable at the moment.
Is there any good podcast for top level football in general ? I'm interested in what the top 4-5 teams are doing in the top 3-4 leagues, I don't care about the rest.
This *Ferrari is looking better/it's gonna be more competitive this time around*, has been going on for years.
Did Dortmund really buy a 30yo Hummels for more (or similar) money than they sold sold him at 27yo ? They really are Bayern's bitch.
Lol, that's terrible advice. If he didn't enjoy it till book 6, it's highly unlikely he'll enjoy it the second time round. It's not like these are short books like Earthsea or Amber, they're massive.
It's a good sign. I had seen her in various films but she never peaked my interest till Gone Girl, she was astonishingly good in that one. Casting wise, a significant advantage WoT's story has over GoT (spoilers for both) &gt;!is that not many people die and there are no child roles. Thus you can hire great actors in all your main characters and be set till the end, there's no need to constantly cast new important characters and hope the children will grow in a way that suits their characters (both physically and acting wise) so as to carry the show. !&lt;
Honesty is what matters the most. Both sides have good arguments so I feel like the system needs a bit of tweaking.
Well, in order for the praise in the initial tweet to make sense, the actress has to have read something, either the source material or the script and I doubt the script is developed enough to warrant such praise. The question is a bit abrupt but it's reasonable. There are indeed actors who don't read the source material but they are a minority and it's usually films where they can rely on the strong vision of a well-developed script or the director.
The bad thing about these re-recordings is that the older ones quickly become very hard to find. In fact, it's only due to piracy that you can access some. I can't understand that, a lot of work was put in it and even if it's a minority, some people might prefer it. Why attempt to erase it 1984 style ?
I can't understand how such a successful series like ASOAIF doesn't have multiple narrations available. A super obscure book will have the same number of narrations available with a super popular one. How does that make sense ? The series has generated tons of money and a new narration is guaranteed to generate even more. Hire the best narrator to do it again and a few years later hire a third one too. I'm currently reading Earthsea and it's been narrated by 3 different people.
For me, variation was very small as I enjoyed all of them immensely, my ratings were all 9 or 10/10 and I don't hand out those easily. If I had to choose one though, it would be the Blade Itself. Technically it's the weakest as it was Abercrombie's first book but it's the introduction of characters and a world that fascinated me. It was also very mysterious, trying to read between the lines of what was going on since the author gave away extremely little. Laters in the series, you get a pretty good sense of what's going on, especially after the end of the trilogy so that level of mystery is gone forever. In general, that initial phase of exploration in books appeals to me a lot.
The Blade Itself &gt; Heroes &gt; all the rest more or less the same. The differences are small however, I enjoyed all of them immensely, even the Shattered Sea was pretty good imo. I love Abercrombie's style and I think he's super consistent without repeating himself. (Not that I would mind repetition if it was for favourite characters like Logen. A book solely on Logen from the moment his family gets butchered till the start of FL would be a dream.)
Ah, okay, my bad.
Has Hazard actually played a few games as RW in order to assess him or is it complete speculation as RM did with Bale initially ? Obviously it would be better than the current situation but with Neymar's humongous cost, there's bound to be better options for the RW. Sign Salah/Sancho/Bernardo Silva or lower cost Neres/Thauvin/Zaha/Ziyech.
Heh, I think there's some kind of behind the scenes fuckery going on. Maybe the new narrator's deal includes exclusive rights or something and the previous get buried. Or maybe the ones in charge view the audience as sheep and offer only one option so that everyone consumes the same and there's less variation in the experience. Dunno, it's kind of a mystery to me although I'm convinced as audiobooks get more popular, this will change.
Or do the Troy twist where he plays Odysseus, among the very few Trojan War characters that doesn't die. Cast him as Lan and &gt;!after incredible struggle he'll realise his destiny and become King. It's long due for him to get that since Boromir failed.!&lt;
By the time Talmanes' time comes, it will be a miracle if this show is still running.
They got plenty of non fantastic actors too though.
14 book series ? Filthy casual, there's a prequel, it's 15!
What does getting rebounds mean in football ?
Why has Eriksen been ruled out ? Personally, I'd rule him out only if I was signing him next summer for free.
Does a scene come to your mind where Turner's acting shines ? I think visually she fit the role very well and that's definitely a part of acting but beyond that, not so much. For comparison, Harrington in battle of the Bastards or Clarke in freeing the Unsullied.
I wouldn't say nothing but prime Ozil was indeed better, he had more consistency while prime James had better peak.
Lol why, RM is the perfect club to relive this kind of moments as new great players keep coming.
When the initial Bayern loan happened I was so hopeful that RM will change coach at some point and he'd return.
Dortmund's move of signing Hummels from Bayern at ~35m is great imo. What I considered retarded was giving 27yo Hummels to Bayern for ~35m.
Hard to believe as Eriksen is one of the most versatile midfielders. Zidane is the one calling the shots so his opinion is what matters but still, preferring someone else is reasonable, completely ruling out Eriksen... not so much.
Or Di Maria to United. Or Ozil to Arsenal. The last sold player that really made RM regret it, was Robben.
Sure, but it's unlikely. The "good" thing in Llorente's case is that it's not like he's been playing consecutive full seasons so he might indeed turn out to be a hidden gem that bloomed late.
Lol what an absurd statement. In his first 2.5 year spell, Zidane did the opposite of what you're describing. He promoted youth, both by giving time to them and in transfers. Two veterans in Arbeloa and Pepe were sold under him, in Pepe's case especially, he controversially abruptly demoted him for Nacho. James was also demoted/sold making room for younger players. Under him, almost all transfers were youngsters too. If Marcelo-Modric-Casemiro-Kroos are kept and utilized extensively whilst continuing to decline, then you'll be able to support your claim, not now. Keeping Marcelo-Modric-Casemiro-Kroos is common sense, they didn't suddenly go from world-class to unsuitable in 1 year, they didn't forget how to play football overnight. Finally, Zidane is considered godlike in internal locker room management, you don't achieve that by being unfair towards your players.
That was indeed a key factor but still, I think Dortmund handled it wrongly. For starters, allowing it to reach that point is bad, should always strive to keep your best players in long contracts or sell before it reaches the point where you've lost leverage. Secondly, try to force Hummels to goelsewhere. He was a world class player, top clubs similar to Bayern would be interested. Take it as far as you can, last day of the summer, don't announce your acceptance of the transfer to Bayern in early May, that's a terrible move. Thirdly, maybe even keep Hummels for a year and let him go for free to make a point that you're not Bayern's bitch.
Undoubtedly Zidane over James but still, as an individual event, I thought it was unlucky that James' return coincided with Zidane's. Under a different coach, I think there would have been a high chance of staying as both Perez and James seem to want that a lot. Remember those rumours early in the season where James was said to return in the summer as Lopetegui rates him etc. If RM had very good or great players in the "10" and RW role, I wouldn't mind James leaving. James' strong point is goal creation, either scoring them or assisting them and that was a key weakness this season. Plus he's big marketing wise which RM also needs at the moment.
After Messi, Robben was #2-#3 best RW in the world for 4-5 years (2009-2014). He had weaknesses like fitness and defensive work but the benefits from his offensive contirbution overwhelmed all those. Robben was sold for little money. Kaka was very ineffective especially in the RW. Di Maria was at best mediocre for 3.5 years and very good for his last half year but even then, he was employed mostly as LCM/LW hybrid, not in the right. Ozil was also underwhelming in the right. So, after RM sold Robben, their right side ranged from very weak to average, keep in mind that Arbeloa was also at RB, a very limited player, especially offensively. It took RM 4 years and world record 100mil fee and even then Bale had to be converted to RW in order to finally fix the hole Robben left. And combined with Carvajal's arrival, the right wing became strong and it was at that season that RM started winning CL titles. BBC and MSN didn't defend much either, yet they achieved a lot of success. You can compensate the defensive aspect by various ways like having a super effective offence or a very dominating midfield. Although no one could have foreseen Kaka would be so underwhelming, letting Robben go was a mistake even by the information of the summer of 2009 as Robben had already proved his abilities, was on great form that summer, was very determined to succeed with RM and RM's roster was left without a RW. By the later information of Robben doing incredible stuff at Bayern and the various failed attempts of RM to fix their right side, selling Robben was a huge mistake.
Kroos was killing it from the get go but yeah, Alonso deciding to leave at the last moment hurt RM that season although it was a brief hit, Alonso's days were dwindling down. Robben was killing it with Bayern for a long time and the RW spot at the highest level was a desert for years. There was Messi-Robben and then no one else came close.
Yeah, Sneijder was brilliant initially but he very quickly fell off so it wasn't as much of a regret for RM.
Dunno, it hurt but I don't think Morata was the main reason RM went out, it was the squad having a lot of issues and not performing well.
Yeah, Sneijder was brilliant initially but he very quickly fell off so it wasn't as much of a regret for RM.
For newer fans it might be debatable but I don't think there are many fans that consistently watched RM in Robben's time and having watched his career after that, they'd decide to sell him in 2009 if given the chance to decide. The sale was not at all necessary to fund the 2009 massive signings, that was mostly a bs excuse Perez spun. Robben brough in a very limited sum in his sale and the key reasons for that decision were two. Firstly it was the star player of the previous management, it's customary at RM (and Barcelona) to "cleanse" the squad from the previous president. Secondly, to make room for the newcomers (Ronaldo-Kaka-Benzema) and those already present (Higuain-Raul-Guti-V.d.Vaart). Then came the issue of recouping some of the money spent although in the long run, it cost a lot more as RM had to spend a lot of money trying to fill the RW hole (Di Maria-Ozil-Bale). Di Maria at RW, either in his time with RM or in general in his career, was nowhere near Robben's level. Di Maria in his first 3.5 years with RM was mediocre, with Arbeloa behind him as RB it was quite weak right side. Di Maria shined in the last half year with RM where he was employed in the left as LCM/LW. It took RM 4 years and world record 100mil fee and even then Bale had to be converted to RW in order to finally fix the hole Robben left. And combined with Carvajal's arrival, the right wing became strong and it was at that season that RM started winning CL titles.
How do you know there won't be a DM backup next season ? Ronaldo was a LW and Kaka a "10", Robben was a RW, they were perfectly compatible. In 2009 RM spent an unprecedented amount of money and their roster was still left without a single RW. That's ludicrous, it hurt the squad and RM quickly rushed 1 year later to buy Di Maria-Ozil-Pedro Leon to fix that. Finally, Barcelona and RM have achieved immense success in the last 11 years and not once did they rely in any significant level on backup DMs. Busquets has solo carried that position all the way through and RM has more or less done the same with Alonso and later Casemiro. I'm not saying that's optimal but it's still a fact.
It's been some time since I read the series, is he the one living with the pacifist hippies or something ? I don't think he'll be doing much in the series.
Aren't mediocre and average synonyms ? Di Maria had his moments, especially in the 2nd great year of Mourinho but overall in his first 3.5 he didn't convince as a starter mainly due to inherent huge inconsistency that has been now proven throughout his career. Remember the strong frustrationIn halfway into his 4th year, with large parts of the Bernabeu whistling against him and him responding by grabbing his dick. Shortly after that, in his last half year, he was indeed very good on the left. Robben wasn't always injured but he was often. Leaving a hole is probably not the best expression, I'd put it as something like the RW position was left with no top tier quality till Bale (and Carvajal) arrived.
Celebrating is too much but viewing a good deal positively makes sense as the economic aspect of a club is relevant. The more good deals, the better for the club as money remains in it. Same in Barcelona. In most clubs however that are owned by tycoons or mega-corporations, it's more debatable, depends on whether the club is run for success or for generating profit.
No, I don't think Casemiro is as good as Busquets. Busquets has been one of the best footballers in the world for a decade, Casemiro hasn't even been top 3 in his position. The chronic defensive issue is a complicated one, there is no easy answer and I'm not confident I've understood the reasons well. Some ideas that come to mind: * Overall strategy putting more emphasis on offence than defence. * Lack of stable strategy, RM seems to constantly adapt depending on circumstances. Defence shines when you've done it so many times the same way, it becomes routine. Atletico and Juve that are famous for it, change little defensively in the course of years, let alone specific games. * Struggle to dominate possession as the various rosters/coaches have either not considered a priority or have failed to achieve it. The more possession you've got, the less opportunities to concede. * Sometimes relaxed/unmotivated in games against weaker sides. * Lack of coaches with good defensive tactics. * Vast majority of the players in the roster aren't that good defensively. * No world-class GK since Navas' first season as a starter (2015-16). I think Casemiro is a weak link mostly in the weaker games, where the game demands more offensive ability from the DM. Against tough opposition where it's more evenly matched, Casemiro has been good and in some key games, he's even been clutch. Taking all that into account and the lack of super good DMs in the transfer market, I wouldn't label him indispensable but he's a very useful tool for RM. He had a bad season but so did almost everyone around him, including the coaches and management so he should undoubtedly get a shot to recover his form next season. In my previous comment I just stated some facts and views, it wasn't an argument for selling M.Llorente or keeping just Casemiro for DM. In a [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/halamadrid/comments/aycqsv/ajax_aftermath_discussion_coach_transfer_rumours/ei2d87c/) I made when Zidane took over early spring, I laid out a plan and in it regarding CMs, I had: -Ceballos (sale/sale with clause) -Valverde (loan/sale with clause) +Kovacic (keep M.Llorente if he recovers from injury and shows good signs till mid-summer, otherwise keep Valverde and sell M.Llorente) My thoughts haven't changed since then although obviously M.Llorente is now gone. I'm not sure the position is getting neglected, I think RM had bigger issues to solve than DM and they've correctly focused on those first. I think the roster now needs a CM, whether it's gonna be a traditional DM or a CM like Kovacic/Pogba or someone more offensive like Eriksen, it's debatable. Anyway, you can't fix everything in one summer when you've so many problems to take care of, some issues are bound to be left for the future.
I agree, it's far from certain as there are various factors at play but still, you can't turn time back and run experiments, you've got to go with the data you've got. How X player was doing in club A before he left, how did he do in his next club, how was club A doing with player X and how after he left... analyse all that and draw conclusions but it is important to not forget it's still speculation.
I think the chance of Llorente returning and achieving success with RM is close to 0%. Between rivals, it's almost always a 1 way trip. I think there's gonna be someone as backup, Valverde or someone else low profile, but most of the responsibility will be put on Casemiro and if he doesn't deliver, sign someone expensive next summer.
From what I saw in his last two seasons in the first team, there were glimpses of potential but he didn't convince me. I hope the decision was made for sporting reasons and not because of a personal grudge. Curious to see how he does as Atletico spent a significant amount given the circumstances. It looks like Simeone is insisting on trying to change Atletico's style but I'm doubtful if that suits him as a coach.
For starters, I'm talking mostly about high level football, players able to play in the ~top 20 clubs etc. That's what I've been following, that's what I've got opinions on. Except of rare occasions where the player is still a teenager or there's a severe injury or a personal/psychological issue, a player's football ability changes slowly over the course of time. The variation in the player's performance however is a lot more severe, one week he's doing great, the next he's struggling. Obviously he himself didn't change, it's factors like the sport being a team game so the performance of his teammates, how the opponent squad played, luck, etc. I think that despite that variation however, the player's ability can be somewhat gauged by his overall trajectory as a footballer. Say in a 10 point scale, a 7/10 player might play 6/10 in club A and 8 in club B but it will usually not vary wildly. For example Di Maria, he was 6-7/10 with RM (saw all his game), maybe 7-8/10 with Benfica, maybe 5/10 with United, maybe 6-7 with PSG. So that's approximately his ability, I don't think that say if he had gone to Barcelona instead of United, it would have been likely for him to perform 8-9/10. There are exceptions where a player will have awful or wonder seasons but it's usually just a few months or a season. Thus, if you've got some experience/knowledge in (watching) football and you regularly follow a player, I think you can support claims for how a player would have done in X club etc. It's always speculation however, highly dependent on the level of understanding of the one speculating, the only indisputable truth is what happens on the pitch.
Always enjoyful to see others realise that, I've learned that the hard way since like 8 years ago in RM. It's incredible inconsistency, a top team can't afford that in regular basis, it only makes sense as a sub. I'll never forget the Bernabeu getting super frustrated with him, whistling him and him grabbing his dick in response.
It's mostly the Champions Leagues, they've inflated everyone in R.Madrid's roster. Similar to many fans, clubs also fall victim to the idea that a squad winning CLs means all their players are very good to great. The coup de grace would have been last summer cashing in on Bale's hype similar to Di Maria in 2014 but alas, that ship sailed.
Rodri is 1.5 year younger and he has played ~150 first division games, M.Llorente has ~75. PS: When C.Ronaldo joined R.Madrid, he was younger than what M.Llorente is now.
He already had his buyback tour with Alaves 3 years ago.
Was Nacho the 3rd CB ? Because Nacho and de Ligt are very different.
It would also solve the weakness in the RW position and it would be easier for Jovic to start alonside Benzema. I would do it just for the salt from Barcelona fans.
De Ligt mate, you should have told us about it back in May, we'd have skipped that Militao fella. How about a gentlemen's agreement for next summer ? You act like the loyal captain and we'll find someone to get rid of by then.
Sounds good but it's highly unlikely as Zidane isn't an innovator and RM would have been a lot more involved with the de Ligt saga.
Ιn the first ~40%-50% of the season, yeah definitely, but as time went by, things were getting worse and worse. Modric big injury-James injury-Modric injury again... Against Juve, first leg, RM played without Benzema and with Ramos as DM. Second leg, only Modric was missing from starters so it was a decent line up and the game was close. In both games, RM had almost zero help from bench. Hence why whenever I see the common "Morata knocked us out" narrative, I point out that it was firstly RM failing themselves, then Morata scoring key goals.
He should do whatever he thinks best. No one was thrown away, he's 24.5 years with many years at Castilla plus two seasons in the first team and his overall contribution had been minimal. He's been looked at by various coaches and people in RM's management and it's been decided he should leave. If he indeed feels likes he's been mistreated by the club, he should be honest about it. His [farewell](https://www.tribalfootball.com/articles/atletico-madrid-signing-marcos-llorente-releases-farewell-statement-to-real-madrid-4285800#popup-sso) had zero complaints and was full of praise: &gt; I was a boy who, like so many others, dreamt of playing football. I worked hard, sacrificed a lot and got closer to making that dream come true. &gt;I grew and began to dream of playing for Real Madrid. I learned, I left almost everything [in my personal life] to one side... and it came true. &gt;But nobody should ever stop working, however much they grow. Nor stop dreaming, however much some dreams may come true. &gt;Today, I leave Real Madrid, which has been my home for the last 10 years. I leave without any guilt and with no complaints. "Hard work, clean conscience." That's something someone said to me once and it defines my life. I have it applied it to my day-to-day life. And I have never failed to give everything or defend the values instilled in me from the very beginning. &gt;I leave with great memories, great friends, unforgettable trophies on magical nights, and the love and respect of everyone. &gt;Thank you for being supportive, loyal and demanding. I will always remember defending this shirt, and your roar will stay with me forever. Enough with the lies and taking wild speculation as fact. Enough with the ridiculous bias towards young spanish (academy) players.
Definitely his fault partly. Convincing your coach to play you is fundamental and he has consistently failed to do that.
Lmao at making him a liar just so that you can fit him in your absurd narrative choke-full conspiracy bullshit.
&gt; Whenever he played he showed he was Real Madrid material. Why do you lie ? In his most recent games with RM, he was bad. &gt; Merit is not the only thing taken into account at this club, though... And that applies to all clubs, all organizations, practically the whole world. Good relations and good decisions are also a key part in a footballer's career. &gt; What else could he do? Like a million different things ? Not be injured for months in the most demanding point in the season ? Leave RM when he was 23 ? or 22 ? or 21 ? or 20 ? or 19 ? or 18 ? Go make a name for himself elsewhere and prove he belongs at the highest level like Mata or Marcos Alonso ? Then, if he still desired RM, contact them for a return ? Or what Eto'o did, get the fuck out early, become a beast, join Barcelona and ridicule RM every chance you get. Real Madrid isn't a religion where players are judged based on their faith and loyalty. It's a super competitive football club, you've got to convince the right persons you suit their needs quickly, otherwise it's time for the next one in line. Llorente lost his shot, whether RM made a mistake remains to be seen but in the vast majority of cases, RM has been proven right.
No, you're wrong. Between lying and "giving politically correct, controversy free statements to avoid problems", there's overlap but it's not at all the same. Llorente made that statement on his own, no one forced him. He could have very easily made no statement or said something simple like thanks for the memories or even have ~90% of that text without the, according to you, lies. Just because a lot of people do something, it doesn't stop it from being immoral. If he indeed thinks he was mistreated and penned that letter, then he lied, purposefully misleading anyone reading it and wasting a great opportunity to share his version of the story and denying the opportunity of fixing a problem.
He had Real Madrid so much in his blood that he joined Atletico.
Joining Atletico is no one's fault, they're a very good team and he's free to join any club he prefers. The idea that he's a hardcore RM fan has suddenly hit a wall though with him joining Atletico. He probably put his self first above clubs etc. and that's perfectly fine.
Below 18 he's not calling the shots on his own but sure, if he and his parents felt that they were mistreated by RM, leave. Blaming only RM for Llorente being late in his football development is wrong, him staying was his decisions, he's not a slave.
Solid arguments, cheers.
Heh yeah, that's Dortmund being Bayern's bitch.
Completely understandable, this move has the potential to be the best decision he's made in his whole career.
Disagree, imo Di Maria should have never been a starter in the top 6-7 clubs of the world.
Ιf you can't offer arguments, circling around to avoid it makes sense.
*"When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser."*
Imo, clubs should think big like Barcelona and R.Madrid did many decades ago. Build a huge ass stadium and then try to convince the crowds to fill it. Dortmund has a similar population with Turin and they've got the highest average attendance in all of football. I think 60-70k for Juventus would have been good, above that you need a third level of stands and the cost skyrockets.
If I thought it made no sense, why would I write it in the first place ? If you care to argue your point, go ahead.
All very true but still, Juventus having a stadium of 42k for years to come is quite underwhelming.
So you went from *"do you seriously not get why what you said makes no sense"* to *"The only thing I disagree with is the whole “just don’t have injuries” thing"*. That was just one sentence among many. I never claimed injuries were completely his fault, there are indeed many factors in how injuries are caused, one of which is often the player himself which is inarguable in muscle injuries like Llorente's. That was the whole crux of the argument, [san771 claims](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/c32y3y/hes_literally_one_of_the_best_players_we_had_this/erogyl5/) Llorente's trajectory is not his fault at all, everything negative about it lies on R.Madrid. I disagreed saying part of the blame was definitely on him and argued accordingly.
Most clubs are about making money, some publicly owned like RM-FCB-Bayern have titles as priority and some others have PR as their priority (City-PSG). But there is some truth in what you're saying as in the old days, tickets was the primary income for clubs so increasing the stadium capacity &amp; attendance was vital, nowadays for all kinds of reasons that is not a priority and even new stadiums put emphasis elsewhere, not increasing capacity &amp; attendance. Nowadays, the good thing for the fan is that he can relatively easily enjoy the football he desires through high quality video whilst in the older days, he had to physically attend games and even that was limited mostly to home games.
There have been brilliant adaptations with mediocre source material and terrible adaptations of brilliant source material. It's all in the competence of the people involved. WoT as a series, has various weaknesses but overall it's a pretty good to great story. Adapting WoT is an extremely tough task, it's not like most other genres where there's a blueprint of tons of films/series that you can learn from. As with GoT, they'll have to invent a lot of stuff on their own. If it was HBO or a proven creator, I'd be a lot more hopeful but at least Amazon doesn't lack money. As usual though, I'd advice low expectations. If it's good, great, if it's bad, oh well, someone is bound to get it right at some point in the future.
Black humour, shattering your expectations and subverting common tropes are synonymous to Abercrombie. Keep going and marvel at how all your ideas of what's going to happen go out the window. Each one of Logen's old gang is great but yeah, I also liked Threetrees and had high hopes for him but alas, back to the mud.
It's an excellent phrase, reminds of me the *Ashes to ashes, dust to dust!* but more laconic. The Dogman, Tul Duru, Black Dow, Harding Grim ...they're all as tough as it gets, it'll take something special to take them down!
That's the great thing about this series, there's Logen, his old gang, the Feared... so many puzzle pieces yet it feels alive, like anything could happen.
1. It's not very historical but it's not uncommon in fantasy. Two armies settling it with a duel instead of doing battle. It happens famously in the Iliad, Menelaus duels Paris with the whole war on the line. 2. Have you read Sharp Ends, the 7th First Law world book ? Not gonna spoil it, there's a Logen short story related to that. In general, Logen was too much of a wildcard, Bethod had gotten most of what he needed out of the Bloody-Nine, helping him consolidate the north and create a large army. There was no need anymore for duels, it was going to be proper battles going forwards where Logen's effectiveness is limited. 3. Bethod's strength was his intelligence, he was a politician but in the barbarous North, he couldn't prevail over others without being a great fighter. No one would follow him that way so he had Logen to cover that part as his champion. As Bethod starts expanding his influence, if it's a clan vs clan dispute and Logen is defeated, his vision of uniting the North and becoming a King is lost or at least severely hampered. Bethod couldn't afford to fully battle all the rival clans as that way, his army would quickly dwindle, at best it would take him a very long time, half of everyone would be dead and there would be great animosity between the survivors. With the help of Logen (and Bayaz), he has managed to fully use his intelligence and skip most of the negatives associated with the task of becoming King. As is often the case in these stories though, there's hubris, Bethod buys too much into his own story and believes he can replace Bayaz &amp; Logen with the sorceress &amp; Fenris and thus become independent on his neverending path of accumulating power. It's a brilliant narrative; using various classic tropes, meshing them together in uncommon fashion and producing a unique resolution.
Yeah, more and more get revealed, it's just at a relatively slow pace, deliberately so as to get in the characters vulnerable positions of limited knowledge. If you enjoy your reread, consider Sharp Ends, it's short stories but half of them are practically a single story and the other half, cool stories about regular known characters.
Uefa (and fifa) want outside money coming into football, they get a cut out of everything.
Just to make sure, Abercrombie has 7 books in the First Law world and 3 in a different world (Shattered Sea trilogy). Not the most experienced reader but I've not found anything like Abercrombie. Hard to make suggestions without sharing what specifically you enjoyed in Abercrombie or what other books you've liked/disliked. Still, I'd suggest GGK's books for the limited amount of magic used and Hyperion because it's awesome.
Thanks for your suggestions. Took a look at them and although I don't doubt they might prove enjoyable, I've got some specific criteria for what I read that these books don't fulfill. I read completed series (didn't know First Law was going to continue when I picked it up) and popular ones, preferably not very new ones due to recency bias. Following these works for me and although Abercrombie was extremely enjoyable, there are other writers that are brilliant in different way so I try to find those. After Abercrombie, the books that I enjoyed the most were the Hyperion Cantos, Tigana, Do Androids Dream Electric Sheep, Lord of Light, Catch-22, I Robot, Foundation trilogy, Watchmen (comic), Solaris, Roadside Picnic, Iliad, Odyssey, Metamorphoses.
Sure, he's a recent [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fantasy/comments/bj19gn/how_do_you_chose_which_books_you_read/em5a0pn/) where I expanded on my strategy. I'd also add that I don't keep a huge list of "to be read" books because otherwise it becomes overwhelming if not outright useless. I'll have 2-3 books/series for the immediate future and ~30 books/series plus a few links to lists that drew my attention. For example, right now I'm in the middle of the Earthsea series and up next to consider I've got GGK's new novel, Realm of the Elderlings, Malazan and Dune.
You mean Kovacic and James ? Going forwards, yeah, they were undesirables in Madrid for various reasons but football wise, their importance is noteworthy. High quality players able to play regularly in all teams except the top 4-5 in the world, mid 20s, very experienced under pressure, James very marketable. It's quite possible that R.Madrid's roster next season features worse players than those, for example James&gt;Isco and Kovacic&gt;F.Valverde.
He didn't talk shit. I don't think he even said he's never coming back, more like he enjoys it very much with Chelsea and similar stuff which is completely normal for a player joining a club on a loan without buyback clause. He's got to put extra effort in convincing the new club to play him.
The opinion of the majority is sometimes wrong. Famous examples involving RM are the sales of Ozil-Di Maria-Morata, majority of fans were against them yet the future showed they were good decisions.
Personal behaviour and declining rapidly on the pitch. If he had kept performing at his previous high level, I highly doubt he'd have gotten sold.
Makes sense, my bad for not connecting the dots.
It's a good book to have a special connection with.
Why not ? &gt; [A list, especially of the names of players on a sports team or of the personnel in a military unit.](https://www.thefreedictionary.com/roster) &gt; [a roll or list of personnel](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/roster) Do you have a better word instead ?
&gt; Not everybody dies from their cancer though, so that's a bit higher. It's not a bit higher, it's a lot higher and proof they got radiation in that film shooting.
And shooting a shit film with John Wayne as Genghis Khan. Tarkovsky and his crew also had a similar experience but at least it was for Stalker. &gt; Several people involved in the film production, including Tarkovsky, died from causes that some crew members attributed to the film's long shooting schedule in toxic locations. Sound designer Vladimir Sharun recalled: &gt;*"We were shooting near Tallinn in the area around the small river Jägala with a half-functioning hydroelectric station. Up the river was a chemical plant and it poured out poisonous liquids downstream. There is even this shot in Stalker: snow falling in the summer and white foam floating down the river. In fact it was some horrible poison. Many women in our crew got allergic reactions on their faces. Tarkovsky died from cancer of the right bronchial tube. And Tolya Solonitsyn too. That it was all connected to the location shooting for Stalker became clear to me when Larisa Tarkovskaya died from the same illness in Paris."*
Squad can mean various things whilst roster specifically means the list of players hence why I prefer it. What others do doesn't interest me much.
For anyone who has really seen both, how do they compare ? Is it a good move for Barcelona or should they have sold Cillessen for ~15mil and upgraded a Barcelona B GK/signed a cheap GK.
Something in the middle. A board member commenting on such stuff is rarely random, he obviously has inside info.
So you're saying he's lying. Don't see why he'd do that.
Two scenarios, first the likely one: * He does have inside info on the case so he knows Neymar's will. If Neymar wants to return, saying "it looks like he wants to return" is true and halfway of a confirmation. If Neymar doesn't want to return, saying "it looks like he wants to return because that's what's being peddled" is a lie as his inside info trumps trash media and he knows that. * He does **not** have inside info so he's got the same knowledge as us on the outside. "it looks like he wants to return because that's what's being peddled" is then a lie as MD and SPORT are provably extremely unreliable and he's obviously aware of that. Thus, he's either half confirming it or lying. You can't have neither as you're claiming.
Cillessen and Neto aren't RM players so my support for RM is largely irrelevant. I asked for a comparison on football criteria, you've got watch them carefully in a number of games to do that, it's not a matter of just having seen them a couple of times.
Okay but still, that would have been a neutral statement whilst this isn't. Neymar is obviously a very hot topic and he's got inside info, he knows he's got to be careful and he still made it.
The reliable part is debatable. Some can argue a very cheap Pinto-like GK is good enough, others want a much better GK like Cillessen.
&gt; Can you explain how your second scenario is lying?? I think it was easy to understand but sure, I'll try again. Suppose he doesn't know any inside info and he completely relies on media just like us. MD &amp; SPORT are provably extremely unreliable, all experienced fans know that and him as FCB VP definitely knows it too. Saying *"it looks like he wants to return because that's what's being peddled"* whilst he knows that the media are extremely untrustworthy, means he's lying. He knows that with the info available it's impossible to conclude something, yet he does so instead of saying the truth, something like "there's a lot of rumours but I don't know if Neymar wants to join". &gt; If I said it looks like Neymar wants to return to Barcelona based on the rumours flying around, am I lying? If you are relying on MD &amp; SPORT and you are unaware of their very low reliability, you're not lying, you're just mislead. If you are aware (like FCB's VP), then yeah, you're lying as in fact you don't know if Neymar wants to return.
I watch most of R.Madrid's games and a lot of Barcelona's so I'm aware of Cillessen who I've also seen in his national team. I asked however for a football comparison with Neto and I can't do that since I've only watched Neto a few times and didn't pay any attention to him so I've practically zero memories by him. Hence why my support for RM is largely irrelevant. PS: &gt; *Most of the people on reddit are plastics though, so you could be one of them.* Some of the people on reddit are dumb though, so you could be one of them.
You keep making the same moronic claim. 42% cancer deaths is not slightly higher, it's **a lot, a lot higher**, hence proof radiation was involved.
He doesn't need to say they are lies, he can very easily say the truth that he doesn't know whether Neymar wants to return or if he wanted to avoid the blandness of that, he could add that he wouldn't be surprised if he wanted to return as FCB are great etc. &gt; He's literally just saying that **if** the rumors are to be believed it seems that Neymar wants to return. That is neither a lie nor a confirmation. No, you added the if, that changes it. Your paraphrasing would hold if he had originally said "if what's being peddled is true, he wants to return". He instead said "it looks like he wants to return because that's what's being peddled". See the difference in this quick example: * If what her sister said is true, Mary wants to return. * It looks like Mary wants to return based on what her sister said. The first includes doubt on what her sister said. The second, a lot less, if any.
You are moving the goalposts. Paraphrasing the original quote: "it looks like he wants to return because that's what's being peddled" with "it appears that way because there's no smoke without fire". Replacing lying with "a reasonable position". I neither branded him a liar nor did I put too much scrutiny. Pay attention to the beginning of the discussion: * trivialbob claims Barca VP is *"not confirming anything"* * I reply *"Something in the middle. A board member commenting on such stuff is rarely random, he obviously has inside info."* * trivialbob replies *"Or he was asked and just commented on the barrage of bs coming from Mundo Deportivo and SPORT?"* * Then the lying part begins *"So you're saying he's lying. Don't see why he'd do that."* and [later](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/c63om8/barcelona_vicepresident_confirms_neymar_wants_to/es5ymw5/) I explain why it would have to be like that if trivialbob's initial premise stands (that the VP's comment has no value). And then you came on, asking clarification on the logic I employed. Don't confuse hypotheses used to support my assertion with what I believe on the matter. That was crystal clear from the beginning: Barca VP is very likely to have inside info on such an important matter and to know the player's desire which is the cornerstone for any potential transfer. His comment isn't a confirmation but it's half a confirmation. I said it's unlikely he's lying ("Don't see why he'd do that (lying)").
Why am I the one that should let it rest and not you ? My assumptions were less significant than yours and I made them clear very early on: a) as a VP he very likely has inside info on such a matter b) as a VP he's aware that MD &amp; SPORT are extremely unreliable in rumour reporting I never claimed I'm an absolute authority on the matter, I was very careful in all my comments to show that. You on the other hand made one assumption after the other: **"He's not confirming anything."** **"he's not lying."** **"That doesn't sound like confirmation of anything."** Speculate because that's the nature of pre-season in football. There are some facts like official transfers etc. and there are a lot more rumours. Fans opting to follow rumours like us, try to understand what's going on behind the scenes by using various tools like logic, experience, consensus etc. You'll very rarely get definite truths but you can come close. I don't need Barcelona's VP statement that he has inside info on Neymar's topic, it's almost certainly a given. No, I don't understand spanish and my flair doesn't suggest anything regarding my knowledge in languages. I read the article you linked using deepL translate and my original opinion was not altered, his comment was a half confirmation of Neymar's desire to join Barcelona.
On its own, obviously not. In the appropriate context as in this instance, sure it can.
Ιt's a quite popular fantasy series so if that alone is enough to give it a go, great, the less you know the better. The audiobook versions are very highly regarded, Steven Pacey's narration is regularly praised. If you need more info that could be viewed as slight spoilers, from the back cover: &gt; Logen Ninefingers, infamous barbarian, has finally run out of luck. Caught in one feud too many, he’s on the verge of becoming a dead barbarian – leaving nothing behind him but bad songs, dead friends, and a lot of happy enemies. &gt; Nobleman Captain Jezal dan Luthar, dashing officer, and paragon of selfishness, has nothing more dangerous in mind than fleecing his friends at cards and dreaming of glory in the fencing circle. But war is brewing, and on the battlefields of the frozen North they fight by altogether bloodier rules. &gt; Inquisitor Glokta, cripple turned torturer, would like nothing better than to see Jezal come home in a box. But then Glokta hates everyone: cutting treason out of the Union one confession at a time leaves little room for friendship. His latest trail of corpses may lead him right to the rotten heart of government, if he can stay alive long enough to follow it. &gt; Enter the wizard, Bayaz. A bald old man with a terrible temper and a pathetic assistant, he could be the First of the Magi, he could be a spectacular fraud, but whatever he is, he's about to make the lives of Logen, Jezal, and Glokta a whole lot more difficult. &gt; Murderous conspiracies rise to the surface, old scores are ready to be settled, and the line between hero and villain is sharp enough to draw blood. Alternatively, the [tvtropes summary](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Literature/TheFirstLaw) is pretty good: &gt;The First Law is a series of Low Fantasy novels and short-stories written by British writer Joe Abercrombie. They are characterized by extreme grittiness, grim wit, being on the far cynical hand of the Sliding Scale of Idealism vs. Cynicism, and the intention to subvert and deconstruct a certain number of Fantasy tropes. &gt; The first three novels form a trilogy; the remaining stories are stand-alone (and some have their own pages). The novels are: The Blade Itself, Before They are Hanged, The Last Argument of Kings, Best Served Cold, The Heroes, Red Country. Sharp Ends, a short fiction collection, appeared in April 2016. The stories in it take place throughout the timelines of all six novels. &gt; The setting is a fictional world that mimics several facets of the ancient to classical world. The action takes place mostly in, and regards people from, a central realm known as the Union, a region beset upon on all sides by savages and orc stand-ins from the North (not just a direction, but the name of the continent, according to Union cartographers and Northmen), the mighty Gurkhish Empire to the south, mercenary bands from the continent of Styria to the southeast, and the machinations of the crumbling magocratic Old Empire in the far west. The Union appears to be in a state of near-perpetual war, constantly maneuvered into seemingly useless conflicts by an uncompromisingly proud foreign policy. &gt; This is a world filled with bad people who do the right thing, good people who do the wrong thing, stupid people who do the stupid thing and, well, pretty much any combination of the above. It's a world that's not merely filled with bad people; it actively turns the good and the decent into them . Survival is no mean feat, and at the end of the day, dumb luck might be more of an asset than any amount of planning, skill, or noble intention. &gt; In August 2016, the author confirmed that the next installment will be a cycle of three trilogies, which will be set twenty-five to thirty years after the events of the original trilogy in a world moving towards early industrialisation. The focus will be on a new cast of characters, though previously established ones will make appearances. And in June 2018, the titles of all three books were announced: A Little Hatred, The Trouble With Peace, The Beautiful Machine.
Sharp Ends is #7, short story collection you'll probably not want to miss.
Villain ? **What villain ?** He almost single-handedly saved everyone's ass! They should be building a statue in his honour, oh wait, they already have from all the previous times he saved them! Ingrateful swine.
They're long books, it can get tiresome if you're not enjoying his way of writing. You can definitely have breaks between the standalones as the connections are relatively small but if you plan to go through the whole series, don't let years pass. PS: Consider trying the audio version, it's considered one of the best narrations.
It's brilliant, one of my 2-3 favourite books/series. The more fantasy you read, the more you appreciate Abercrombie for shattering all the tropes, so refreshing!
Haven't read Cormac McCarthy but it was Abercrombie's first book so writing technique is definitely not great but it improves over the books. Still, it usually has this "cinematic" feel, it's not complex prose. If you're hesitating, maybe try [listening to the first 5 minutes](https://www.audible.co.uk/search?keywords=blade+itself&amp;ref=) to get a feeling of how it goes. In general however, new books/series require varying degrees of patience in the beginning, to get used to the writing, setting, characters etc. PS: If you plan on reading it, be careful around First Law discussions as there are significant spoilers flying around.
Brutal criterion but whatever works for you!
Depends on the criteria used but AoE2 (history), Red Alert 2 (alternate history), Warcraft 3 (fantasy), Starcraft (sci-fi) are all up there.
I'm also excited but more long-term as I'll wait till the 3rd book is released to binge read it altogether (or more accurately binge listen to it by Pacey).
Why do you hate it and why do you think it should be illegal ? You don't explain. More or less, this is how penalties have been for decades if not forever. Slowing down/semi-faking it has advantages but also has disadvantages. You lose power by doing that and if the GK has not fallen for it, you've got to instantly pick a side which complicates things. This method requires more technique and mental fortitude, hence why it's usually the best penalty takers that utilize it. The goalkeeper on the other hand can benefit from studying each player's preferred technique and act accordingly. All this nuance adds depth to the process so for me it's correctly allowed.
How do you fake in one motion ? Way I see it, you can either slow down or stop, the former is allowed, the latter not. The border between the two can be a bit hazy but that's an issue very rarely.
RM has a ton of midfielders, some have to go and Ceballos is a primary candidate. I don't see how you can fit both Ceballos and VDB unless someone higher in the hierarcy like Modric or Isco gets sold instead.
When Ceballos says it, it's well-received but when Bale says it, he's vilified. *SMH*
Yeah, that's the latest rumours, that the people higher than Zidane rate Ceballos and don't want to sell him permanently yet. Modric is on a year to year basis, he's certainly staying for next, beyond that, maybe he's gone in 2020, maybe in 2021. Still, unless something radical happens (Zidane gets sacked, Ceballos does wonders in his new club), I don't see Ceballos succeeding with RM anytime soon as Zidane is rather strong minded when he's decided a player is unsuitable for him.
Not that I support Bale continuing in RM but it's also easy to counter-argue your position. RM has plenty of central midfielders (DM-CM-AM combined) and they're heavily rumored to sign another expensive/high profile one (Pogba-Eriksen-VDB). Also, Ceballos has been 2 years in RM under two different coaches and his contribution has been minimal. Plus that for whatever reasons Zidane doesn't seem to rate Ceballos and he's quite strong minded when he deems a player unsuitable so unless Zidane gets sacked relatively quickly, Ceballos succeeding with RM in the next couple of years seems unlikely. On the other hand, Bale's main position in RM has been RW and RM's depth at that position currently is laughable. There's only L.Vasquez, after that it's experiment time with Asensio RW or attempting to put Vinicius there etc. Bale has proven his quality countless times so that's indisputable.
Not that I support Bale continuing in RM but there opposite position can also be argued. RM has plenty of central midfielders (DM-CM-AM combined) and they're heavily rumored to sign another expensive/high profile one (Pogba-Eriksen-VDB). Also, Ceballos has been 2 years in RM under two different coaches and his contribution has been minimal. Plus that for whatever reasons Zidane doesn't seem to rate Ceballos and he's quite strong minded when he deems a player unsuitable so unless Zidane gets sacked relatively quickly, Ceballos succeeding with RM in the next couple of years seems unlikely. On the other hand, Bale's main position in RM has been RW and RM's depth at that position currently is laughable. There's only L.Vasquez, after that it's experiment time with Asensio RW or attempting to put Vinicius there etc. Bale has proven his quality countless times so that's indisputable.
I don't understand this argument. If they indeed didn't want to put any effort to the EL, treat it as early summer friendlies or early cup games. Play bench players, if needed fill in a couple of spots with academy players. To me this looks like PR excuses for getting an embarrassing punishment.
Impossible to say, even speculating is largely baseless. Overall however, it's a top team with 20+quality players. No matter the coach, 2-3 players are bound to plummet in the hierarchy. For Zidane it was Pepe-James and later Ceballos-M.Llorente.
It was very highly regarded at the time but I don't think it reached the popularity of the others. Personally, I never played it for reasons I don't remember but it was the inspiration for the later Supreme Commander which along with Company of Heroes were imo the best RTS after the golden era. PS: I remember reading some stuff that Total Annihilation had gotten remade or something. Did you follow that at all ? Is it any somewhat modern version worth looking at ?
So it's got something to do with the FFP rules that makes transfers for Milan less troublesome for the future. That sounds reasonable.
I think Ceballos' best argument is his time with Betis where he shined. Being average this season whilst most of the squad was bad, shining in under-X tournaments, being promising for a very underwhelming spanish national team... all that don't do much for me. Subject at hand is succeeding with RM, the demands are really high, even moreso after such a failed season.
Yeah, it won't be enjoyable hence why I don't read incomplete series at all. When I started First Law I was unaware it was going to continue although at least Abercrombie is reliable. His writing is very tight, no major cliffhangers, loose ends etc. and it will only take ~2.5 years for the third book to come out. I've gone through many stories in various formats (books-films-tv shows-video games) and I hate the feeling of leaving something in the middle and/or picking it up years later, after I've forgotten much of it. So at least in books, it's easy to avoid that as there are countless great books. Unfortunately, my favourite genre, fantasy, is choke-full of seemingly never-ending series.
Imo cutting it in half would be perfect, so WC every 2 years and Euro-America (both south and north combined)-Africa-Asia(including Oceania) also every 2 years. This should however be accompanied with a large reduction in all other international games during the season like qualifiers for obvious reasons. High profile international teams/players would be playing every year in June one big international tournament, that's it. The weaker teams practically no one cares about should continue playing all year long friendlies or mini weak tournaments. Way it is now, a top player can go 8 years without a huge international tournament just because of a small 3 week injury. Say Neymar, due to a small injury he can completely miss out on a WC and spend 8 years without a huge tournament, that's ridiculous.
Don't doubt VAR regarding offsides, they practically get it always right.
In fact he has been way below his average, at least in the last 2 games that I watched.
English not being my native language I did that early on so as to get used to audiobooks but 10-20 hours later I was mostly listening. Nowadays, I'll do it sometimes in the beginning of a new book for 5-10 minutes to get used to the narration and the spelling of key names. I'll also check the ebook if there there's an introduction or a map or something.
I'd love that too since there are countless WW2 stories featuring Nazis, yet almost none for the Weimar Republic or early Nazi Germany. It's not surprising however since it's an inconvenient era for everyone involved, Germans, Allies, Soviets. Everyone screwed up massively in the inbetween era and it's nowhere near as black and white as WW2. There is a highly regarded mini-series set in that time frame, Berlin Alexanderplatz. It features common people so the spicy stuff are in the background but still, you get a feeling of how things were. It's not an easy series to go through, it's quite artistic and unconventional so viewers inexperienced with non hollywood stuff are likely to struggle. Personally, I enjoyed it.
And a very highly acclaimed director in Mike Nichols. Much closer to the book's theme.
Be weary of the opinion of others influencing your own. Even though DA2 and DA:I have significant differences, they're still the closer you're gonna get to DA:O as a whole. If you enjoyed the story and setting, i'd recommend continuing the series and keeping an open mind about it. Beyond that, DA:O is quite unique but the category it shares the most is cRPG so check out the more highly acclaimed cRPGs and other Bioware games likes Mass Effect.
Dos1 is a great game, very well polished with the later rework, certainly one of the best cRPGs. However the dragon age world is much more appealing to me than the casual/funny setting of dos1.
&gt;I hope you didn’t start ASOIAF No, I didn't and from the looks of it, I won't for a long time. Got a taste of it from the great TV show at least.
Those two criteria allow barely any film, nothing comes to mind. Excluding the second one about being hidden in order to be made so more broadly set in the Weimer Republic/rise of Nazis, Berlin Alexanderplatz has some of that. It's not the main subject of the film but it's in the background affecting the characters.
It's a clever take but from the way Abercrombie writes (low magic) and the fact that he died in the end, I'd say it's false. If the author agreed with your theory, why not include it in the story arc ?
Disagree. No ending is better than bad ending because at least you can ponder about it, create theories etc.
Disagree. If he has purposefully mislead the fans etc. yeah that's unethical but the actual writing part, there's nothing reprehensible about the author not completing a series. Obviously it's a bad mark for his writing career but morally there's nothing wrong with not writing books.
Reveals for dead characters? Highly unlikely.
Scoring goals is the best thing to be good at though since that's how you win in football.
There is some truth in what you're saying but you're going to the other extreme, implying everything is great as it is, format wise. I don't think there's anyone seriously arguing for a super league NBA style where it's constantly the exact same clubs with said clubs not competing domestically and playing their super league games in weekends. That's a completely retarded idea and there's absolutely no way intelligent people heading clubs-fedarations-uefa-fifa-sponsors would go for it. It wouldn't even be good for business, it would certainly lead to a schism in world football, either the super league would be established outside uefa/fifa or the opposite, the non franchise clubs would create their own continental tournament with the majority of fans in their side. A disaster for everyone involved. Still, there are plenty of improvements that can be implemented on the CL format or the overall football calendar as there are weaknesses. I won't analyse it further as it's somewhat offtopic but some quick ideas on how to improve: Increase squads to 48 with 8 groups of 6 clubs, top 2 qualify to knockouts, #3-4 to EL, #5-6 out. Alternatively, keep it at 32 squads but implement a second group stage for the round of 16, the previous format used [~20 years ago](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/2001%E2%80%9302_UEFA_Champions_League#/Second_group_stage). You can also replace the classic double round robin in groups with the much better [dual tournament](https://liquipedia.net/starcraft2/Dual_Tournament_Format). It takes a bit of time to fully understand it but in principle it turns the group into a mini knock-out tournament.
&gt; Valverde is an absolute moron so Rakitic seems so out of place. 2/2 league titles with 93 points (+14 points lead) and 87 (+11 points lead).
That's due to the nature of football, not because Red Star was ever close to Liverpool's level. If they played 10 games, Liverpool would win say 7-8/10 and draw/lose the rest. That's how football goes. There's an inherent volatility factor in the sport itself. That's abundantly clear in league games, top clubs routinely drop points against bottom squads.
In groups of 4 it's so much better. Especially in the CL it would be a huge improvement and fits perfectly with the theme of the tournament which is high pressure knock-out games.
Same can be said for us the viewers too, we also knew it. It's how Hollywood (and similar industries like modeling) has always been run. We watched all those films, acted like it was fine etc.
Rightly so, his contribution to cinema is immense.
A ton of respect, definitely, but I think your comment is more suited for Daniel Day-Lewis.
Argentina in their world cup final is also a good example. Mascherano especially was brilliant.
&gt; Champions league favours more attacking teams while in league you need good combination of attack and defence. Disagree. Obviously being great at both is optimal but if you want to split it, defence shines more in knock-out formats and offence in league formats. There are plenty of examples where defensive squads did well in knock-out tournaments but it's rare to have that in a league. On the other hand, offensive squads doing well in league formats and going out in knock-outs. In a league format, 90% of the games are against weak opposition so being able to score 2-3 goals is more efficient than not conceding much. This is also related to the 3 point win vs 1 point draw discrepancy. In knock-outs, draws are valuable and especially in the CL with the away goals rule, being able to not concede in your home game is often crucial. Real Madrid's 4 CL or Barcelona's runs do not confirm the above but it's not like they had bad defences either.
RM has never been dogmatic in their philosophy. If you look at it very narrowly as offensive/defensive, they've indeed been mostly offensive but expanding it to possession/counter-attack or signings/academy or 4-4-2/4-3-3 etc. they've always been open, adapting whatever succeeds and quickly discarding whatever fails.
True but I don't think the decline was only because Mascherano's ability missing. Mascherano as a leading figure might have played a part plus the huge disappointment/burden of losing the final.
He's certainly no outsider but no way he's as deep as most. He's English and he's done work for/with Hollywood but he's done plenty outside of it and lately he's been more involved with Netflix.
Fair question, here's some random reasons: * Original mythology is mostly episodic, there is no single extended narrative for the gods. You'd have to make it as short stories or an anthology of short stories, formats that have always been super obscure. * There is no great modern material, say a fiction book telling Zeus' story from birth till death. Having a good book to adapt from helps a lot. * Pagan stuff are in general unpopular for various reasons (e.g. abrahamic religions hate them) so it's difficult to attract creators, investors and viewers. * CGI costs a lot or at least it used to. Having said all that, I think when the comic genre declines, epic historical and mythological films will be attempted again, maybe inside of those there's gonna be olympian gods, probably in secondary roles like in Odyssey-Aeneid.
Only seen Dolor y Gloria, enjoyed it a lot. Highly recommended for people who regularly watch non Hollywood films.
He's in a tough spot but him becoming relevant for RM was always a long shot. At least he's young and probably skilled since he did well in the summer youth tournament with Ukraine.
Yeah, the new format is a lot more dangerous so it'll probably not be a mix of 2nd-3rd level players. The bench with a few starters might be playing.
Still better than 300mil for Dembele+Coutinho.
Mediocre performance but eventually the win was secured. Defensively, there has been significant improvement this season but offensively, quite underwhelming.
I read it a few months back. It's challenging in the beginning so it required attention and pushing forward. Half-way or at the end of the first book (Titus Groan), evaluate whether you're enjoying it. If you finish the second (Gormenghast), I highly recommend the short story [Boy in Darkness](https://www.goodreads.com/series/45757-gormenghast). The third book is different but I enjoyed it. Regarding the fourth book, I didn't read it but I heard the excellent 2011 BBC radio drama that has it incorporated. I think it was worth it as the ending provided me with satisfaction. Via wikipedia: &gt; In 2011, Brian Sibley, who had previously adapted the book for radio in 1984, adapted the story again, this time as six one-hour episodes broadcast on BBC Radio 4 as the Classic Serial starting on 10 July 2011. The serial was titled The History of Titus Groan and adapted all three novels written by Peake and the recently discovered concluding volume, Titus Awakes completed by his widow, Maeve Gilmore.[32] It starred Luke Treadaway as Titus, David Warner as the Artist and Carl Prekopp as Steerpike. Also starring were Paul Rhys (Sepulchrave), Miranda Richardson (Gertrude), James Fleet (Prunesquallor), Tamsin Greig (Irma Prunesquallor), Fenella Woolgar (Clarice Groan), Adrian Scarborough (Flay) and Mark Benton (Swelter).[33]
&gt; the concept of the film was mainly communism and showing us the importance of solidarity, which is why it is a must watch right now. Don't think so. The ending doesn't show whether they've won/solved/escaped etc., it's left unanswered. There's no doubt that if they all organized and cared for each other, they'd all live a lot better but whether that was the way to win or the solution etc. is unknown. It might have been just a torture place or a reality/entertainment where everything is in vain. Also communism in the way of forcing everyone to do the right thing or what the protagonist thought as right thing, didn't work very well as when they attempted it, they beat and killed a bunch of people with his partner (the black guy) dying and himself getting seriously injured.
Was searching for solution through microsoft forums for like half an hour; utter failure, fucking crooks. Searched though reddit, 3 minutes later it's working. Brilliant, thanks a ton.
Definitely Dune. It's very different but it's got a similar feel. If you enjoy the first book, keep going. Personally I enjoyed all six of the series.
He's still a very good player and the current squad's roster is underwhelming so if he wanted to join relatively cheaply, sure why not give it another go for a season. It's extremely unlikely that will happen however, both sides showed they didn't want to continue together and both RM and Ronaldo are pragmatists. When he retires, a friendly or some other event, sure, it would be cool. He's probably the #2 most important player in the squad's history. Later on, as an ambassador and other PR work, sure it would be great to cooperate with him again. If he picks up coaching, if he does a great job at it, sure, come back again. If he wants to become the club's president, it depends on what ideas he brings to the table.
C.Ronaldo is a player so his contribution is mainly judged by how well he played and how profitable he was to the club financially. On both those aspects, Ronaldo did astonishingly good. I don't see how winning 4 CL in his last 5 years could leave a bad aftertaste, if anything it would be the exact opposite, his first 4 years being frustrating and his latter 5 being orgasmic. The only reasoning for being a RM fan and disliking C.Ronaldo or his era that I can see is being personally biased against him (and/or against Perez).
I don't watch these players so I'm going by just stats. This was Sanchez' first season outside of youth teams and he didn't do anything positive as he was permanently injured. Why would RM opt for him instead of Nacho ? Hermoso has had a much better career but he's still mostly in Atletico's bench and they've struggled in La Liga. As far as CBs go, there was a spot available but it was filled by Militao. The way Zidane is committed to his core group of players (Nacho included), I don't see any space for a CB.
He's got plenty of good films too.
I commute ~1h per day for work inside a dangerous city (Athens) and I've been looking for helmets. I found [this scientific comparison](https://helmet.beam.vt.edu/bicycle-helmet-ratings.html) and the Lazer Cyclone MIPS seems the most value for money choice. I can find it in various european Amazon stores ~40€ and although I don't see any difference, I'm wondering if it is indeed the same since it doesn't mention anywhere MIPS. Is there any chance there are two models, one without MIPS and one with MIPS ? Any other advice or recommendation is welcome, thanks.
So I guess I'll have to check the description and/or whether the yellow logo is present.
How exactly did the Greeks win the culture war ? The Latin language ended up being the base for dozens of languages that are spoken nowadays by 1+billion people. The Greek language ended up being the base for no other language and is currently spoken by ~10mil. Neither the high class of Rome nor any class of Rome ended up abandoning Roman culture. The Romans being the clever chaps they were, conquered and adopted everything that suited them, Greek people and a lot of their culture included. Fast forward a few centuries after the Greeks were subjugated and literally all the Greeks thought and called themselves Romans (Romaioi in Greek) and they kept calling themselves that till the 19th century! Their original self identifying term (Hellenes) had been purged for many centuries because after the Roman adoption of Christianity, Hellen was synonymous with idolololatry/paganism.
You are correct but the cognitive dissonance of religious people is a might adversary.
Left back has been weak but the rest, yeah pretty good.
Argentinian legend [Martin Palermo won and missed 3 penalties](https://youtu.be/53475jUreDU) in a Copa America quarterfinal* against Brazil. Bonus points for missing them in all three possible ways: hitting the post, sky high, GK save. Simeone-Burgos-Pochettino were all [starters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_Copa_Am%C3%A9rica_knockout_stage#Brazil_v_Argentina) for Argentina who lost that game 1-2. Brazil went on to win the title easily. *Edit: It wasn't in the quarterfinal against Brazil but in the previous game against Colombia. Argentina lost to Colombia and they missed 1st place in the group and was matched with Brazil in the quarterfinal where they lost.
