Not League related but I had like, a solid 8 hour Hearthstone binge one day. In the evening I was watching some drama and a character punched another character and I thought "Hey how come they didn't take damage from attacking someone else?" Was weird
&gt;but now its some anime shit. Eh? Elaborate
He was a dick and tried passing it off like that was okay. That ain't cool
You have like, 30 seconds between the last pick and game start. How much time do you need
That's irrelevant. Telling a teammate that they should die is not acceptable. Period.
If Dunkey wanted to tell Malphite that his actions were bad and he should stop, he could have done so in a calm, objective manner. Dunkey saying what he did to him was completely uncalled for and i'd imagine didn't help whatsoever
You're derailing the argument with stuff that doesn't connect whatsoever
It might. You never know. It'd be less destructive and pointless than what he DID say
I've been playing regularly since 2011 as a matter if fact
&gt;I would rather have vgd on my team on any day then the malphite the might int when hes solo q'n I'd also rather have a chesty cough than gonorrhea. Doesn't mean i'd be okay with having a cough
I agree that there needs to be more measures put in place to prevent and punish trolling/inting. But that isn't the point. The point is that flaming is simply not okay, no matter the circumstances
Regularly adding new characters in an essential part of keeping anything fictional engaging
That was a little....unnecessary
Grave's original kit was flawed from the get go, they aren't just going to add it back in
Zoe's damage is very telegraphed.
That is not the point OP is talking about. What he means by "Instant gratification" is your enemy bursting you down before you have a chance to respond or even comprehend what's happening. This doesn't apply to Zoe.
Huh? I'm just pointing out that Zoe's damage doesn't match OP's idea of "Instant gratification"
So just simply getting reported is enough to get you punished? That doesn't seem very fair..
I'm pretty sure they don't play the game that much during work hours
I don't think they mind RNG too much as long as the enemy is given a fair chance to respond to it.
[Nine-Tails Warwick](http://i.imgur.com/B1pnbSu.jpg) Perhaps? ^^^^^^Ignore ^^^^^^the ^^^^^^obvious ^^^^^^shill
Picz plz
As long as he's actually reformed and uses his popularity with responsibility, then sure.
Victorious Ezreal: Dressed in regal, shining armor, a triumphant crown, flinging glorious golden light at his enemies, all while his long majestic hair flows in the wind. Definitely Not Victorious Ezreal: Is wrapped in tinfoil. Has an Poundland Tiara on his head. Throws pocket sand at people. Has a man-bun
There is some truth to it though. There really is no need to get so upset over a game
That's a common very way to pronounce the word though
Teaser for what is most likely a Nasus skin Featuring a gate opening 🤔
Figure on the left looks like it could be a dragon enveloped in some clouds. The dog nose doesn't help that theory but, you never know As for the figure on the right, I wanna say it's either a skin for Warwick or some kinda weird doggo Renekton skin
Don't forget Year of the Monkey as well We got a Wukong skin, but also snake and wolf skins
That's pretty much the same thing
DAYUM these all look great Finding out that Lux is getting a skin over Aurelion was a bit disappointing.... buuuut it looks like an awesome skin anyway so i'm not even mad.
You're argument of "They only give skins to high play rate champions" falls flat considering Gragas (Who's only at around 2% play rate btw) is getting a skin
&gt;The tweet might hint towards a new Aurelion Sol skin in the makings. Which is what most of you have been waiting for. Exactly. Like, just because a champion isn't getting a new skin RIGHT THIS SECOND doesn't mean they're not getting one at all in the new future. People need to chill out a bit when it comes to this, there's no rush to get these champions skins
&gt;it's people being let down by their own conclusions. The Star Wars effect
I actually remember posting a concept like this waaaaay back in the day https://boards.euw.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/off-topic-en/y6032IEz-champion-concept-taishan-the-banished-of-the-void
Because you're getting angry over bad players Which suggests you can't handle them.
Like I said There's no rush
That's their fault for making assumptions then
[RIP](https://media-hearth.cursecdn.com/avatars/330/324/415.png)
[And people say Volibear doesn't get any love](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-kY71drkcPi0/WlZ2BPnnwHI/AAAAAAAA2rM/0Y5Pi3YEeMIho5hQsEDRLILwHY3sqh_HQCLcBGAs/s1600/21004.jpg)
Just pink
Lucian anticipates dying so he can see Senna again
Would make stuff harder to see
&gt;Not including Trundle on any of the club cards
That isn't the point. If klepto is way too good on one champion, you nerf that champion. You don't nerf the whole keystone, that'd be completely overboard It'd be like burning an entire house down because one of the cupboards has a wasp in it
To be fair Ana in overwatch is pronounced "Ah-Na" so idk what to believe
Weeb-bay99
_Yasuo signals that enemies are missing_ _Yasuo signals that enemies are missing_ _Yasuo signals that enemies are missing_ _Yasuo signals that enemies are missing_
It's probably part of Illaoi's test. Given their relationship, it's inevitable that Illaoi would put MF through it at some point
&gt; Boosters everywhere I feel you might be overestimating just how many people actually go through with boosting
Kindred Cannot be killed, can kill everyone instantly. There's also two people to fight instead of one.
Evelynn - Christopher Walken
&gt;Or that he went afk for a pretty long time and during that time the enemy team got baron. Depends is he went AFK for malicious intent. Could have just had something urgent to do. Shit happens
Convenience
If you can't handle bad teams then why are you playing a team game?
OP isn't complaining about background changes though, he's complaining about Varus being gay Which is homophobic no matter which way you slice it
Swain's always been an edgelord.
Sion's old Q if you built AP. Tiiiiinny little magic burp reducing your enemy's health by like 40%
No you don't
I always had an idea for a skin where Xayah is some kinda eldritch summoner and Rakan is some demonic thrall of hers.
&gt;You know how much I'd love to go in as Vi and lock someone down, then Zhoynas? You could argue that Gargoyole's Stoneplate does something similar enough
Yeah but the fact that it was even a reportable option to begin with gave the impression that poor players were offending, just like a flamer or troll
A champion being good and a champion being healthy are two very different things
How so?
Before anyone asks, no. Stopwatch is not mentioned.
I will say this much I don't see how everyone taking Stopwatch is any different than everyone taking flash
Ekko and Tracer have veeeeery similar playstyles
Place your bets on how many exclamation points the video title will have
To be fair we haven't had a champion with a 3-hit passive in ages
Exactly No need to specifically add a 3 hit passive to a champion when EVERY CHAMPION CAN HAVE A 3 HIT PASSIVE
In other news, the healthbar now explodes when a champion dies Metal
Nothing saying they can't do that. Skins don't have to follow the same rules as the default.
We have not yet seen how his ult will look on that skin.
&gt;Take a shot everytime you hear HOPE or DESPAIR You'd be dead after about 1 minute of Nagito showing up
[Checkmate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTZhe8I6Lio)
&gt;As a Ryze player this makes me sad, because this is a hard combo to pull off Clicking near your tower and then clicking two keys doesn't sound hard
Cass was also nerfed around when her Eternum skin came out
Aesthetics aren't the only reason a champion is updated
Predictable as fuck
Oh, my mistake. For some reason I flubbed up my original comment. Meant to say that spellbook hasn't been that bad
It was never meant for balancing. It's literally just there to make sure shit doesn't crash the game
Swain specifically goes into battle a lot though
Most of the stuff you'll see from the shadow isles is comprised of the souls of the dead. They're more like spirits than demons. Demons are more like, dark energies that came from nothing and assumed a physical form over the years
Oh Riot you cheeky Nandos
Yi now deals increased damage depending on how low your opponent's rank is
Taking Aftershock on Nasus
&gt;They hate introducing items with actives because people forget to use the actives (Their excuse to removing DFG) Stopwatch
[Sure](https://i.imgur.com/3yxLX77.png)
Interestingly, the Facebook pic shows the flower starting to catch fire, whereas the icon shows the icon fully ablaze Lord knows if that has any significance though
Because that's not how game balance works
I meeeean, idk if being used for one spell counts as "Core"
Now I'm not saying that was a gross overreaction, buuuuuuut
Wow they got 5 guesses out of 18 correct So accurate, this is totally credible
Yeah and the PROJECT skins were a no brainer since they were teased right when the leak was made up-- I mean, presented
Well i'd rather have someone that's good of course. At the same time though, i'd rather have a cold over cancer. That doesn't mean I want a cold however
And so Swain, Grand General of the Noxian empire, to the voidborn invaders on the 75th day of the year did say, with pride: "She thicc"
Could be both, like a weird human/monster hybrid Like a Xenomorph Or Arachne from Smite Or Zoe
Demons are a bit iffy
Plus FF 13, 14 and 15 aren't even remotely similar to each other
Akali's next, then either Nunu or Aatrox (I forgot the order)
Ew no The old W casting method was disgusting
The difference is that they actually HAVE the data to make those judgements
Probably didn't make it too clear, my bad. The point I was trying to make was that, you shouldn't assume something's too weak or too string without the necessary evidence
You don't have enough data, that's my point
Funnily enough, he's actually done some work with them before. For example, he helped with the [Aviator Irelia Update](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/qrJke)
Yup. If you check out your collection, you can can sort by most recent
And how exactly do you suppose this IQ test be implemented? How do you combat people straight up lying? What kinda questions will be asked? What exactly is the range of acceptance?
Well maybe if you're going to actually suggest something so groundbreaking as this, actually put in some specifics. Otherwise no one will take you seriously
AHEM, yes that would truly be dreadful...I seriously hope that never happens https://i.imgur.com/eO9erPa.gif
It's also my constitutional right to shit on the pavement outside of my house while the neighbors are watching. Doesn't mean it's a good idea
In all seriousness, what do you actually think we'd get out of such a thing? Riot would just argue for their balancing strategy, and we'd all just complain. Nothing productive would come of it
This is exactly my point, You're not asking questions, you're not genuinely interested in Riot's balance insight, you just want to rant.
They aren't going to listen to your concerns though if you don't voice them in a matter that is calm and productive.
Because that'll send a productive and positive message i'm sure
Just because you can effectively ignore a problem doesn't mean it isn't a problem Like, I can technically ignore my neighbour shouting insults at me but i'm still not gonna allow it to happen
*Shudder* Don't I still have nightmares
Time for the ol reliable... Anything fun that got cut during development? Abilities, concepts, his line?
Make it legen-- wait for it....
Yorick goes flower shopping :(
Toggele-able with Ctrl-5
Because the former is far more common and actually detectable
Like my grandpappy always used to say, never trust someone who's second name is a first name On that note, you may want to censor the dude's name.
Legendary's take a good amount of resources to create. It's not worth it if the end product is supposed to be ultra rare
So? Is taking 5 seconds out of your game time to turn it off really that big a deal?
&gt;Dom pointed out a sad fact. Playing league nowadays is only about the money. League is not fun anymore. Its a job. It first started with Donkey, now all of a sudden the frequency of videos that League is on the downhill of no return has increased. Simple. I'll be honest. I don't think you believe this whatsoever, I think you're just salty that you were suspended and are looking for an outlet
My thinking with this was that Arceus has a limited amount of energy he can use to create and maintain the world. Once that energy is expended, he becomes this. And how exactly does a deranged husk of nothingess get its energy back? Well think about how a computer gets its storage space back
Champion buffs all around This will be a wholesome patch
When someone uses skeletons as their PP unironically you knooooow their account's bound to be a goldmine
[Way ahead of you mate](https://solash1.deviantart.com/art/Program-Evelynn-League-of-Legends-737673883)
K well, you're probably the minority opinion there
Here's the thing. There's your opinion that we shouldn't have new champs, shared by you and let's say 10% of the community to be VERY generous. Then there's the other 90% that thinks we SHOULD have new champions. Satisfying both parties in this instance is impossible, so naturally Riot is going to please the majority vote
Because most probably don't find that to be a big deal and find the idea of new champions exciting.
I seriously doubt that every person you asked gets annoyed by new champions
&gt;and with the amount of backlash and hate Irelia's rework has gotten for being a very strong If the biggest complaint people can give a rework is that it's strong, then i'd say it's a pretty good rework
Actually it's probably a reference to how Singed was the first champion designed for the game
&gt;More one-shot executes. The skill requires you to actually be low health to be an execute so how is that a one shot?
The thread I saw on the Shaco reddit didn't seem like a joke at all. Obviously it was ages ago so i probably couldn't pull it up now but, it seemed genuinely hostile and childish
Pizza Delivery Sivir, Dragonmaster Swain, Astronautilus, Pool Party Ziggs just to name a few
&gt;Riots silence on the state of the game Yeah not like Meddler posts his thoughts on the game's state publicly on a daily basis or anything
As a wise man once said: *"Adapt to the patch you whiney bitches"*
The entire community seems to thrive on complaining
[Bitch please](https://media-hearth.cursecdn.com/avatars/369/99/636590942804592394.png)
It's not what you wrote, it's the fact that you're being antagonistic as hell
Implying the trailers for LoL weren't edgy before. Remember that one cinematic for when LoL first came out? Had about as much colour as sin city
Someone gimme a rundown of what his points are, I don't really wanna view the vid if it's an emotional cringe-fest
&gt; And skin releasing only for popular champs I feel like he's struggling to find actual problems with the game if THAT'S what he comes up with
Big whoop. It's not remotely a big deal
I don't see how that doesn't count as a play
Edgy jokes can be fine as long as they're actually legitimately trying to funny and have a degree of subtlety and aren't just "Raped me sister ecks dee"
Well yeah cause probably like 3 people have played it and gotten lucky
Define "Worked". What exactly makes a mechanic "work"?
By that logic, we shouldn't have anything nice whatsoever. Don't make music or sound or anything, just takes up resources
&gt; Adding emotes barely adds to the game, as they're probably used 5 times in-game, A skin is only used once per game :)
&gt;I don't fucking care Yeah, YOU don't care but others might
TIL people don't know how creative departments in companies work
Because the people who work on sound effects aren't the same people who fix the problems you're thinking of...
Orianna? More like Ori-entation is incorrect fix plz
See, I very rarely have these client issues that everyone talks about and I play enough that they should be showing up regularly. So i'm wondering if it's really that common
&gt;but you have to mute your teammate's ones individually every game. Big whoop....seriously it takes 5 seconds, it's not a big deal
Well there's clearly a demand for them otherwise we wouldn't be getting them all the time
&gt;I'm personally not a big fan of Riot's recent trend of overloading every new champions kit with a ton of features and unique abilities. What's wrong with unique abilities?
&gt; Why they want players to see them is the real question. Because a lot of players want to see them. This isn't some weird dystopian brainwashing situation where Riot is forcing us to look at dabbing penguins. The option for people to see them is there cause people want to see them
I got mine in a chest That shit's a better pull than any ultimate skin
&gt; scope creeped I'm gonna have to start whipping this one out more
Less of a buzzword and more of a buzz-phrase but 'Loss of Indentity'. Like people complaining about champions being different after a VGU. Even though that's like....exactly the point...
Oh god I remember this one being thrown around a lot like 2016-2017. It was a legitimate complaint for stuff like Taliyah's old W casting system, but then people just started using it for anything they felt was even slightly less intuitive.
Neither clash, emotes or balancing is remotely related to each other. You're just looking for a straw man
I like how it went from "Yeah he's a pretty large scale gameplay rework." to Straight up VGU
On one hand, it's a bit of a shame that he's losing the war icon identity a little. Obviously it doesn't really work if Aatrox is a Darkin but, still a cool concept. On the other hand though, that concept is now freed up and can be applied again to a champion that fits it better
&gt; Two ~~days~~ seconds after champ rework preview goes live: “As a xxx main, here’s why the rework is terrible.” Fixed
Believing that someone should lose their job and become unemployed because a video game mechanic is slightly too effective Oh lawdy
Skill indicators, champion hitbox indicators, red highlighted logout button when Aatrox isn't banned
Rhaast is an absolute comedian so i'll take more of that
&gt;Are there any joke skins that are actually solid besides Surprise Party Amumu? Birdio is a masterpiece
God King Darius's dance is a reference to the [dancing meme dog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8ZW94SWchE) Yus
Dude, chill
HEY GUYS ANYONE ELSE THINK THAT SWAIN LOOKS LIKE LUCIUS MALFOY LEL
&gt; bring the game back to it's seasons 4-6 balance state. That's a lot easier said than done
The numbers for this year's MSI are still larger than previous years though so don't worry, viewership hasn't taken a nosedive or anything
At the start of your turn, if you have at least 3 Darkin, combine them to form V-AA-TR-0N
There was a memo
&gt; Instead of simply increasing game quality by increasing queue times That is not how it works That it not how it works at all
&gt;Why is it that we are bombarded with the gay shit especially considering that there are children watching. Homosexuality is not age specific
To be honest dude, if you can't handle less than optimal teammates then you just shouldn't be playing a team game
Which is usually focusing on far more important things. There's never usually room in a champion's lore to go into their sexuality
Thing is tho, Eve isn't interested in anyone sexually. In fact, she's arguably asexual
OH MY PALUTENAAAAAAA
Well Pichu DID murder Pikachu's parents
Well this is obvious bait
I don't think you realize how much effort that would take and how un-worthwhile it would be
Or he's just voicing what he feels is an unpopular opinion
Gee wonder what champion you just lost to
For the record I think Hashinshin is full of shit no matter what champion he's talking about
The idea is to show what you intend to play so they DON'T ban it.
&gt;These Champions are really pretty much freelo if you're really good. *Hmmmmm...* &gt;These Champions are really pretty much freelo ~~if you're really good.~~ *Close enough* **Queues up for game**
I'm willing to bet there was at least a few people that complained at some point about something, even if it was grasping at straws Like say "Ugh Riot, Warwick had such a unique lore and now you're throwing that out the window"
Always wondered how that scene went in the Japanese version Don't imagine cum-dumpster being a very common phrase in japan
You can get a max of ~~190~~ 200 VS tokens from missions for anyone wondering.
It's more the aspect of ignoring all the stuff Sakurai's been doing specifically to please fans and then get real angry right away cause one thing you wanted isn't in.
At this point i'm probably not even gonna do these in order or for everyone and might just Despairize a character whenever I feel up to it On the bright side, that means I don't have to feel obligated to do Despair Hifumi
She has no escape. Yes she can technically get like 3 flashes in a row but c'mon, when is that actually gonna happen
&gt;The last 7 released champions are all extremely relevant in competetive play I don't see how that is a problem
I mean Zyra was technically designed as a midlaner
&gt;this new meta destroyed the purpose of a botlane with an adc and a true support. Interesting. What exactly would you say was the "Purpose" of bot lane?
I don't feel like a movie would really work with LoL, just because there's so much lore and content that you can't realistically fit into a single property. Even if it were 3 hours long, it'd still probably feel more like "A movie about Noxus and Demacia" instead of "A movie about the entirety of Runeterra."
Because flamers are far, FAR more common than trolls.
I am of the opinion that Junko's fall to despair began when she started wearing fur coats
I tend to see a lot of grey myself
I think it was a counterplay thing. If I remember his correctly, his old abilities didn't have much in terms of telegraphing, so it was relatively easy to hit enemies with them. Also his E was point and click so, combine that with a quick casting Q and you got yourself an instant stun
I feel like people aren't giving Aatrox's new personality enough credit. He isn't just angry for the sake of it, the root of his anger is a great sadness and need for self worth. There's a lot more to it than it seems
&gt;Aatrox also has a need to die. But Riot said that old Urgot had no "motivation". Old Urgot didn't want to be lifted from the dead, and wanted an end to his suffering. But this is fine for new Aatrox? Or Bbtrox as Aatrox mains are calling him. It's almost like Aatrox and Urgot are two different people and would react to situations differently.
I get the impression that Kayle and Morgana aren't related to Shurima and he's just making general remarks on the act of ascension.
Varus's lore update didn't mention the origins of the Darkin much though, only himself. So really, he could've been updated without affecting the darkin's history
Eeeeh idk Old just kinda said "Yeah fight cause it's what you need to do." He encouraged war, even if he didn't know what that war would lead to. That's pretty mindless
Xerath's ascension didn't work as it should have, hence his unusual form.
General assumption. He was a pupil of Zed so, safe to say it's related to the same magic Zed uses
Cause it's cool
The average person probably doesn't have the knowledge or means to kill a Darkin outright though. Kayn has special shadow powers
Destruction is necessary for long term improvement
His taunt section is 1 line disguised as 5 lines
Oops, seems I came off on this wrong. What I meant to say that gemstone skins are REALLY good skins so it's nice that they're given to champions who's skin library is mostly just model changes. Sorry if I gave the wrong impression.
https://i.imgur.com/BjB0GTJ.gif
Then you can afford to all in because you won't die
This is normal, if several skins are releasing in one patch, they stagger the releases throughout the patch
It'd be too much of a ballache to try and revoke everyone who bought its skins so they'll probably just let it slide. Besides, I doubt that many people got it on a discount so it's probably not the end of the world.
Except that League also does that, since this event also has missions which give players loot drops
Hwat in tarnation is that ward skin about
You clearly remember that wrong. TONS of players asked for the Taliyah change. Her designer didn't even wanna go through it, he only did cause it was demanded SO MUCH
&gt;After adc being nerfed aatrox was playable. "Playable" isn't good enough.
There's nothing particularly bad about his W it's just....not very interesting
For the record, nobody is going to take anything you say remotely seriously if you back out the second anyone calls you out
If he was toxic in this game but it bugged out and didn't show it then yeah it'd add up
Do machines feel pain? Do machines feel despair? Idk i'm not some weirdo that plugs myself into windows to find out But he is
&gt;I cannot see Zilean's, Malphite's or Jax's personalities existing in their current state after their inevitable reworks They don't even exist at the moment
Heeeeeey that's pretty good
Kai'Sa never looked 'Oriental' in the first place
Hasn't been explicitly stated otherwise so its still the case
Wait, people are actually asking for Draven? Why is this the first I'm hearing about this
I don't think people would complain about "We didn't ask for this confirmation" if she kissed a dude All i'm gonna say
It's like the Zac X Riven ship. Zac is literally a sentient version of the very thing that caused Riven's PTSD in the first place, why the fuck would she wanna bang that?!
Because that would be like replacing the hornet's nest in your yard with a mosquito nest
Smart move not starting it up on the 7th Let's just say I think a lotta people gonna have plans that day
I'm pretty sure people don't play Yasuo and Zed for their sexuality
Wonderlockes my man, wonderlockes
Neeko Neeko Neeko about to break someone's Neeko Neeko Kneecaps :)
Don't argue with him then, problem solved
When you healing the Red Prince and he suddenly needs to tell you about his plans to get his glorious hypothetical empire back
Sulfuras too In case you feel like those insects aren't dead yet
&gt; League is becoming more of a disney/ kidish So we're just going to forget that Pyke and Aatrox happened, huh?
The fact that the single player side mode for a fighting game lasts about as long or even twice as much as other singlr player only games is weird to me..
Me
&gt;It shouldn't be a problem - if you can't take two mean words on the internet you need to fix yourself. ​And if you can't restrain yourself from being a dick to people for no reason then you need therapy
Marx Fucking Marx That was a real trip
Because most of the complaints are about the online matchmaking, which I highly doubt samurai had much of a hand in
https://i.imgur.com/sg3idsL.jpg
Is the rift herald still a crab?
Maya Fey sings the theme song Checkmate
In a good way or a bad way? Cause it can totally be both with that phrase
A grown up Annie will never happen since her entire champion silhouette relies on her being tiny. So unless you pass it off as rampant alcoholism shrinking her down, you can't age her up without obvious clarity issues. That and it gives people an excuse to wank over Annie which is a colossal nono
So I know it's supposed to be bad (And it is) but the idea of someone going around the office and randomly farting in everyone's face seemed hysterical to me.
What in god's name is that logo
Aight so imma be like 14 years old for a moment bear with me. Evelynn Charms her opponent as they walk harmlessly towards her. She plays hard to get for a moment before sticking her tendril out. The enemy, too enamored to notice otherwise, walks straight headfirst into it to the point where their brain gets dragged out. Shit's grim
...go on...
We talking in Smash or in general? Cause I can believe that the Fire Emblem series has like 800 characters
Because her original stun was almost unavoidable given her her stealth used to work. Like imagine if Ryze's Root had infinite range, that's the kinda lack of counterplay we're talking about here
Yeah but you get get a very obvious warning now, that's the important part.
Thankfully he's in pretty desparate need for gameplay changes too so he shouldn't be too far off
If they don't have a musical mascot named "Limbit-Scit' I'll be very dissapointed
I remember Smash 4 Link looking EXTREMELY, INTENTLY annoyed about losing when he clapped
Remind me again how Dom became a partner
&gt;Can’t wait to walk on eggshells around the topic of Mother 3 as if we haven’t all downloaded a fan-localized ROM. kek
Pokemon nowadays actually has a lot of stuff that I think would've been magical in a pre-internet era. Necrozma in Sun and Moon for example. You're given almost no indication where it is or even if it exists at all, and then you find it in a random patch of grass in a VERY specific area. I can imagine this particular Pokemon going undiscovered for months on playgrounds and kid's friend-groups and generating a bunch of fun rumors ala "Look under the truck"
Not even sure if the teeth are necessary considering that Zed is pretty faceless.
Elaborate
&gt;3/4/5 you had to whittle people down unless you were massively ahead. Yeah and people complained about it.
Saying stupid stuff online is also pretty childish
How so?
To who is it insensitive to then?
Graves looks like Sundowner and it scares me
I mean i'd personally rather have a common cold than stage 4 terminal cancer But i'd still rather not have a cold
I mean since Kayle is already an absolute mess of a design I can't see them making her much worse
I remember Noxus used to be built atop a Mountain that was quite literally shaped like a skull. In case it wasn't incredibly obvious enough that they were a bunch of big meanies that smell
That's a goddamn chastity belt son
You are going to see some VEEEERY drawn out games if towers grow back. A lot of people are gonna be turned off by full-on defense being the best option
Oh so THAT'S why Tyler likes this champ so much
Play jungle yourself then
Sylas is a dude tho
WHAT'S THAT KEEP OLAF A SECRET YOU SAY HEY EVERYONE BIG SECRET OVER HERE
Ye that's a fair enough reason on it's own but, the problem is I've only ever seen this argument for this particular skin. Like, there's no one asking for a champion to become a child version of themselves or anything like that. Or for slightly older kiddy champs to becomes adults Just seems a bit suspicious
It's more i've seen the idea several times over the years. It's kinda just something you notice through osmosis
If he ults, drop your shroud. He won't be able to follow up since most of his damage is point and click
His lore is the exact reason why I don't buy it cause I know that Ivern the Cruel was a completely different character from current Ivern
So in Brawl onwards Falco's had a taunt where he says "Hands off my Prey" It's commonly misheard as "Hands off my Bread"
Fortnite is not a triple AAA game
That's one archetype however. The effective "Cost" of a deck changes a lot. Simple Warlock Zoo deck might need only a couple commons, rares and maybe a single epic. Something like Dragon priest tho? Epics and legendaries up the ass.
I mean, what exactly were you expecting? An ultimate?
The entire point of pride month is that LGBT peeps can feel comfortable and happy with who they are, as they've historically been heavily persecuted for it. Straight people don't have such problems so they don't need any kinda pride event.
Oh cool, Mordekaiser's getting some VFX recolours. Kinda hoping they eventually do a full recolour on all his skills, but it's a promising start
Probably yeah I don't really see how a game I've played and followed closely for the last 8 years CAN'T be my favorite game
Valve has several other games and a storefront that can help fund DOTA Riot doesn't
Main villain is just a Pokemon version of Cruella DeVille going around making coats outta pogey pelt
Croconaw and Drednaw are based on entirely different animals though.
Really round sheep
With a breastplate
Why would I be upset about a completely optional feature
Very enthusiastic about gyms either way
It's also a good way of adding challenge to gym battles and making them feel like the boss battles they're meant to be, rather than 'slightly stronger normal trainers'
That weapon is giving me mad ARK vibes
She seems perfectly fine but also kinda.... Boring? Like, we've seen her body type and even her weapon type before. The whole multi element thing is dope but it doesn't really come across much in her design. Even her personality seems kinda flat. Granted we don't really know what her personality is yet but it kinda seems like, emotionless at the moment. She could very well make up for it with her voicelines and lore, but so far she ain't doing much for me
Literally none of this is halted by the development of more champions
Pantheon is also an example of how simple kits can also be unhealthy
Well until we see his new kit, we can only associate him with his current kit, which is an abomination.
Hell even Garen has quite a bit going on. I'd we wanna talk Real simple it'd probably be like, Nasus or something
That's like saying every champ has a dash because they can buy protobelt
My condolences
OwO
&gt;The new thicc girl is by far riots worst release. Janna
Plus a lot of Kog's early skins are just recolours
Ragnarok - A world on the brink of destruction where elemental titans fight to either protect or destroy everything. Think World Breaker but a bit spicier.
What are they trying to say with the money part? That if you spend money on other games you get.... Nothing?
Implying that you'd wanna jack it to anything other than Jarl Baalgruth 👀
Legend Management Automated Onslaught. Or Lmao for short
That's what my grandma calls them
&gt;He immediately went through and liked or heart reacted all of the photos I posted. As in, all the ones you've posted ever? Not just recently? Cause if so then yikes
He isn't running away He's running AT YOU the long way round
Relevant to the conversation
&gt;if darius came out today the results probbly would be similar The results WERE similar, Darius absolutely crushed when he first came out. Also fun fact, originally his ult reset completely at rank 1
Well Chief and the other Spartan's are incredibly athletic. They can do melee combat no problem so Chief punching and kicking everyone is perfectly plausible.
If the could control literal elemental magic wouldn't YOU be a little cocky about it?
That's a major buff to Yasuo tho
No that's illegal, I'm calling the police as we speak
I laughed at Keleseth thinking it'd be complete garbage. Can I start tomorrow?
You're hired
I mean, the game could still be pretty great. The whole dex issue doesn't actually impact the game's quality that much
Ah yes the classic 'List what a champion is able to do to make them sound OP' game.
It's been designed for 12 year olds since day one buddy, that's been its primary demographic
More like 123 GO fetch me some cyanide cause fuck do I wanna die right now
Gonna stickle his pickle in your thickle till you trickle and get sickle
More like Psycho Mantis
Gerald on Switch good Pokemon on Switch bad
Tbh, and this is playing devil's advocate here, I think we're being too hard on the dude. He's probably just as fond of Pokemon as the rest of us and i'm sure he doesn't like the Dex issue either. Either he's not the guy responsible for the choice, or he is and only reached it as it seemed like the only viable option. Either way, I think we should cut him some slack
Suggested video from this creator: 'ARE POKEMON AND DELTARUNE THE SAME GAME!?!'
Ya don't think the 'SONS OF BITCHES' part might have been the incriminating part? Just a thought
People realized they could be more ambitious with character hopes. Once we got stuff like Joker and K-Rool, everyone realized we could actually get more outlandish stuff. So instead of wishing for more tame stuff like Geno or other Nintendo characters, crazy shit like Master Chief and Kratos are actually possible. It's not so much that people don't want Geno or Lloyd anymore, they're just not nearly as impressive or exciting prospects now.
Riot has been actively communicating with the playerbase for years...
Champions used to come out every patch.
I'm okay with the photoshop edits or recolour memes, because those can at least be amusing. The posts that are just people saying how much they like a certain Pokemon though with an anime gif tho. What's the point?
Well like, Ash is typically related to fire And Ashe is ice themed Idk, maybe it's just me
&gt;sivir's already getting nerfed so why would there be a need to make a complaint thread about it? I feel like you're giving this subreddit's ability to do research before complaining too much credit
In her defense she's been sandwiched between the release of new Morde and a hype new game mode that's so in-depth it may as well be it's own game. Kinda hard to stand out among that.
I like you
Encouraging weebism is a nono
Imagine feeling emotion
Let's be real, almost all 'leaks' that get attention in this fandom end up being horseshit. Unless you see some convincing concept art or in game footage, it's probably bollocks. Literally anyone can just type up those text-only leaks we've been seeing lately
So that we can have cards that always exist and, outside of HoF cases, won't be rotated out
WOO LOOKING COOL JONKER
Boy you really were just waiting for any opportunity to start complaining about stuff weren't you
She was meant to come out on the 28th Someone gone dooked up
Jhin as a character is an artist and his kit reflects that perfectly. You don't just use your abilities whenever they're up, you set them up perfectly so that they occur in just the scenario you want. See, you MEANT for the enemy to walk into your trap so you can root and then execute them. You're an artist, you're a genius. Your auto attacks aren't just a bunch of shots, they're an increasing crescendo ending in a powerful finale, like a good play. Plus it also helps that his voice acting, animations, music etc are all god tier
Sometimes he casts Myra's and then Cataclysm
I believe the last champion to directly mention or have ties to the League was Varus. He was also the last champ to get a League Judgement And the last champion to not get a recall animation. And the first champ to only get a single release skin. And the first openly LGBT champion. Lotta change focused around Varus weirdly enough
You hate him for offering legit advice?
Personally I think they could just make every 3 star form use a skin of the champion's. Hell you wouldn't even need to use a skin for Kayle
To be honest I could probably submit at least 15 threads on here with the amount of cringy and creepy shit he submits, he's that consistently awkward. For example, he literally straight up admitted to his crush online that he wanks to her pics. He thought he was being cheeky and flirty. He wasn't.
Coward
Boom Reaver is to Zilliax what Hercules is to Zeus. Pretty good, but I don't want good. I want PERFECTION
Maybe that person is born with it Maybe it's Mabelline
&gt; i actually DO have the 0-17 player every other game Buddy if you're finding a consistently terrible player every single game than I've got some bad news for you
'HEH -- NOT BAD HUMAN -- YOU WERE CLOSE TO MAKING ME EXERT 2% OF MY POWER"
"It's okay officer, she's actually 23 years old in the lore"
Blood may be thicker than water bro, but there's a liquid thicker than both 😩
Technically never. His species has never been directly specified
Knowing that you've done the right thing and a toxic player isn't in the game anymore should be reward enough for itself
On today's episode of 'Artistic Talent Goes to Waste'
No amount of money can buy the therapy needed for this
&gt;and even an idea that she was part of a new breed of void monster trying to imitate humans. If they actually went through with this idea it'd spawn sooo many fan theories and discussion. Every human character in the game suddenly becomes a candidate for 'Voidling in disguise'
Daily reminder that playing a lot of CoD doesn't automatically make you know how a gun works
Toxic Mundo oof
I do like the idea of him getting bonus attack speed while his passive is up though, I think that's a cool way of getting around the whole attack reset removal thing. I'm also curious to see how these changes effect his jungle potential
Wasn't this sub complaining about Priest being the worst class like 2 weeks ago?...
I mean at the end of the day it's free shit so you have no reason not to pick it up
Mecha Kingdom skins are slated for the 15th so I'd imagine he'll be out then
Charming
Monkey see monkey do incorrectly
&gt;I just hate the trend of over complicating champions. We don't even know what his fucking kit is yet
That one zombie out of like 200 that Lucian kills in The Climb? New champion
John Wick from Bortnite
The shirt and the meme it's associated with gives me the impression that it's ironic at least
_Kai'Sa signals that enemies are missing_ _Kai'Sa signals that enemies are missing_ _Kai'Sa signals that enemies are missing_ _Kai'Sa signals that enemies are missing_
"She calls me daddy now, Kass"
Well Galio was probably brought up being told and believing that mages (specifically Noxian ones) were just "The bad guys" and thus were okay to beat down. It's kinda like when a kid watches a show where the bad guy's henchman get beat up. To the kid, those characters are introduced as pure scum and evil so surely it's GOOD that they're being dealt with. What i'm trying to say is that Galio's mindset to war is very childlike and naive, in that he doesn't really know WHY he's killing the enemy, just that it's apparently a good thing.
Couple hours ago when I went 4/0 Very fun
She was incredibly popular in the chinese votes, and about 3rd overall in the ranking. While it doesn't strictly suggest she's after Fiddle and Voli, it does suggest that she might be soon after
Isn't the Joker actually kinda like, obsessed with how others perceive him? He makes his crimes a massive spectacle to draw in attention, he targets Batman specifically to get under his skin. In no way would the Joker just ignore someone who didn't care for him.
Last I checked Diana didn't have the ability to elbow drop halfway across the fucking map
She must have trouble sleeping
MOBA's are also a niche genre but look where we are now
People who ask for Rek'Sai skins while referring to her as "Him"
Showerthought: Twitch DOES have a Mecha Kingdoms skin and is secretly piloting one of the Avalon
By actively trying to become as fat as possible, which is what she's doing iirc
Don't play him then
So it's okay when you int but not when others do?
Wrong. You're so off. What you fools fail to realize is that it's actually the result of Riot's 10 year revenue stream That's right boys, they've gone and created the world's first truly accurate tarot card
I saw your comment, then looked at the run animation and thought "I dunno man, it's scary but it's not THAT scary" Then I saw the SECOND run animation...
I havn't seen people this confused by a card since Pot of Greed
I think Panth is also a contender for "Best Rework". Mostly cause I havn't seen anyone really complaining about it which says to me that people like it
It allows me to draw 2 more cards
The point and click CC is still in. Might not be the same duration or even a fear, but it's still in
Bold move of Riot to add my teammates into the skin
Well he was banned in like, almost every game of Worlds so, quite popular i'd imagine
Untitled Scarecrow Game
Holy shit I need that darkin concept as a skin
[The Virgin Aphelios vs The Chad Sett](https://i.imgur.com/yUZBED6.png) And yes, I have been waiting over 4 weeks to post this
&gt;New champion to _Fawn_ over &gt;Meet it _head on_ Deer. We're getting a deer champion
Being dead is more of a minor inconvenience than an actual limitation in Runeterra
_¡pǝʌᴉɹɹɐ sɐɥ ʇuǝɯoɯ ʎW_
Depends how many artistic liberties they take with him If he literally just shoots guns he'll probably be pretty meh. But if we take into account grav hammers, energy swords and the general martial artistry of a Spartan, then his moveset starts looking more interesting
I like it! My only criticism is that Lamb and Wolf blend too much into each other with their colour schemes and designs. Lamb and Wolf are supposed to look pretty different and represent a kinda duality to whatever skin thematic they're in. Since it's Dark Cosmic, maybe have Wolf look more dark star and Lamb look more Cosmic? Really cool art either way tho, can definitely see this being used as actual Riot concept art
Probably in a couple hours
All I want is for Rhaast to tell me how much of a good job i'm doing, is that so much to ask
Makes me wonder if Erkh is considered a 'Lackey' for effects such as Tekkahn and...well...its own effect
That's Jax
If Fiddle was eating pizza would he put it in his mouth or shove it directly into his chest cage 🤔
Why are you posting TFT content in the League sub?
Real talk though, if out of the 11 new characters we get only ONE of them is disliked, i'd say they'd have done a real good job overall
Punishment for adding an optional character you don't like good fucking grief
So basically Hammond from Overwatch
How about Fiora I hear the Smash fanbase is VERY fond of sword users being added
A human can, a machine cannot. A machine it's what it's charge of handing out most punishments in game
Gotta wonder at this point why Ryze is the go-to character of choice for rework memes when i'm pretty sure Akali has far surpassed him at this point
HOLY FUCK IS THAT NIGHTMARE TRYND BRUH THE ODDS
They quite literally do not understand the gravity of the situation
"Psssst, kid...ya wanna gorganzola?"
Say what you will about more Fire Emblem in Smash but it gets us some absolute BANGERS in the game
Yeah what we have is basically a subscription service, but's it's not quite consistent as one.
You spend in the store and get the product you want in exchange. You aren't owed extra on top of that. If I spend hundres of dollars at a supermarket over my lifetime, i'm not entitled to more free stuff from them
New champions = more player retention = longer lasting game. This gamed would've been dead 9 years ago had they not added new champions
RiTo sHoULd bRInG baCk HoNOraBLe OppoNenT fOR ENeMieS
I don't see a problem with seeing art and cosplay repeatedly, even it's of the same character each time. It's hard work and deserves appreciation
So then whoever's trolling will just try to win one time in there, then carry on inting for the next 29 games
Absolute giga-nerf on Hecarim
Curious what'd happen if you cast this on an 8-cost minion, since the only 11-cost minion in the game is in wild
Noice
I think the Shadow Isles '7 Deadly Sins' theory ran into the same issue. Second a new champion for that region comes out, it all goes out the window
Sett owns my room now And everyone else's room And the entire apartment complex
When you ask Rakan to grab some milk from the store but he's not programmed to understand the concept of stores or mlik
What a....specific scenario
I just realized the booboo I made in making Kog's leveled up stats RIDICULOUSLY busted. They should definitely be lower
&gt; He doesn't have a single melee range ability and is encouraged to kite enemies. Could you explore that thought? Guess that means Kassadin is a ranged champion now
Bruh you got a motherfucking Tortured Prodigy?! You lucky son of a bitch
Nasus becomes more muscular for each stack he gets
The sound is pretty similar to its League counterpart, it's just massively bass boosted
&gt; they came into the game either actively inting Lemme stop you right there friendo Not everyone who goes 0/4 is inting. You honestly gonna tell me you've never gone 0/4?
The game is telling you to build a spell deck
Considering the shenanigans Sylas got up to, i'd say there's already a civil war
It's possible that a lot of people just didn't want to play a mostly randomized draft mode, which is probably why they made it a bit more constructed. Expedition runs are also pretty expensive, especially for newer players, and it'd probably be really frustrating if you ended up with a deck that just didn't work with itself
Detain your own unit before Ruination casts for maximum style points
Only solution I can think of is to keep trying with Riot support. They also have a live chat feature which should hopefully help you argue your case a bit better
There's also I think a reference to the Scuttle Crab somewhere in there
I'm still not seeing the problem here. Ornn's getting a skin but Senna gets one first. What's the issue?
I was literally just thinking yesterday about how Naut has gone some time without a skin
Logs plz
I feel like i'm in the minority when I think Voli's pretty good atm, so glad the buffs weren't TOO extreme
Ya'Boi, The 👌 of the Void
Getting reported en masse doesn't do shit unless you do something actually bannable
The Matrix is about as subtle as a train wreck
Rude ~~ass~~ mfer LANGUAGE
That's not even what the default skin looks like...
Oh god how old is this abomination then
I mean champs used to come out every 2 weeks so, i'm sure they'll manage with just six a year
&gt; Yes black lives matter, but every single life matters and as long as we discriminate each other continiously with hashtags like these Black lives don't matter AS MUCH at the moment though That's the point
Any link to where he sad that, out of curiosity?
&gt;WHEN DO WE WANT IT? Before any of the major issues with the game are fixed such as minion travel, ranked matchup, higher punishment for toxicity, minimizing smurf accounts, etc. Pretty sure the people designing champions aren't the same people handling those things, my dude
And this is why we get Lux skins
Implying that art is remotely easy
That image is from some fanart that people tried passing off as a leak: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/oOK03q
I'm kinda curious to see what the general consensus is on the whole stance mechanic thing. Should Riot try and make it work a bit better, or should it be scrapped and replaced with something else?
If they did it voluntarily that's cringe If they were PRESSURED into doing in by the other protesters than that's uuuh.. a legitimate issue....
Fun Fact: The very first images and teasers we ever saw of Jinx were in the original pool party splashes
You've only now noticed this?
I use the Sett, Garen and Draven skins over their others tho
I don't see them more often no but, that's a bit of a weird metric to gauge skin quality.
That's a real shame, but i'm glad we're still getting it
What if Mundo's form changed as he gained maximum health, like Kayle but with items instead of levels? These form changes would be like mutations and have minor, but noticeable, improvements to his abilities. For example, at 2000 max health his arm muscle mass would increase, which would increase the distance he can throw his cleavers, or boost the damage of his auto attacks. At 3000 health, his skin could change, causing it to emit toxic fumes ala Sunfire Cape At 4000 health, his body's structure basically completely morphs, causing it to regenerate HP pretty rapidly all the time I think there's a lotta cool things you could do with this idea and it would fit the 'Science Experiment gone wrong' angle nicely
Not humans necessarily, but he fucks
Or you could just not be a dick
As far as I know, there are no slaves in Noxus. At least none officially used by Noxian military authority. It'd be pretty contradictory to Noxian values too. If you need others to do your own work, then you evidently don't have much self-potential
Oh you can make mildly, coincidentally accurate tarot readings? That's cute Come back to me when you can summon Cthulhu
Assuming she HAS made peace with it. Irelia has to lead thousands of Ionian 'soldiers' so I wouldn't be surprised if she was just acting tough for their sake.
&gt;they just want love The targets of their affection don't though That's the problem
So in other words, pedophiles
Nice gesture. Questionable execution...
Imagine an innoncent child who still thinks the penis is just for pissing out of being forced into a relatiionship
As long as they aren't fucking weird about it and keep it to themselves and other furries, I don't mind
I have already Shuriman wind spirit that assists people in Zaun right? Cool lore, still boring ass design
Indeed, which makes her underwhelming design even more of a pity
I'm upset that her visual appearance is the most boring fucking thing on the planet.
Automatron is also a fucking godly DLC
If it's by Demolicious D then it's probably ironic. He has a YT channel where he reviews anime and he actually comes down pretty hard on Moe and weeb shit
Then again this IS a world where almost every person has a superpower so y'know...law of averages says that someone's quirk is just that
