I know what narrative dissonance is. It's irrelevant to the problem I was actually talking about. And there are games with much, much better writing.
This is just a Facebook quiz.
Because most of the time writers are not "taking a stand" and "being true to their beliefs" in intelligent or dignified ways. Most of the time it's either just stupidly obvious morality nobody seriously disagrees with, or material that doesn't actually support the author's supposed 'beliefs' at all. You are not "taking a stand" by writing that the evil dictator who cackles while he shoots innocent people in the face is in fact a *bad* guy who should be *opposed.* You are not "taking a stand" by having your group of extremely attractive, physically capable, and overall basically superhuman characters gush that inclusion is the solution to all of mean ol' society's problems, and claim that's why *everyone* is welcome in their group of awesomeness.
"fash core"?
What is "its"? Science fiction and fantasy? Some stories?
I don't know what that is.
Well why didn't you confirm it when I suggested exactly that two comments ago? Whatever. Why do you imagine science fiction and fantasy are "fascist" at their core?
Maybe you should try learning what the word 'most' means.
Electrons aren't 'rigged' because people you don't like posted Facebook memes.
Hoo boy... Explain how the government "exceeding it's boundaries" is the cause behind Chernobyl.
Do you grasp the difference between a government "exceeding it's boundaries" and a government just not doing a very good job? And on top of that...it's television. They can depict anything they want. I'm asking about Chernobyl, the actual event, not Chernobyl, the television show.
Today the OP learns there is in fact a difference between arrest and conviction, and police conduct chemical tests at a police station *after* the suspect has been arrested for a reason.
I know this is an extremely silly question for me to ask here, but what exactly do you think the police did incorrectly? Yes, sometimes the observations made by the police will not be confirmed by chemical tests. That's the whole point of the chemical test. That's the reason why suspects are not just convicted for DUI and thrown in prison merely on what the officers observe.
Do you have any evidence whatsoever to suggest these arrests were without reason, or they were the result of racial profiling? One woman discussed in the article is white and one is black. Now, normally I really wouldn't think I would need to say this since it would be understood, but let me remind you that an arrest of an innocent person is not at all necessarily an unjustified arrest. Once again, that's the whole point of arrest being separate from conviction.
You think suspects are convicted for being intoxicated from drugs or alcohol without being offered a chemical test to prove their sobriety? Who? Which suspects? The charges against the two women in discussed in the article were dropped, as the article very plainly points out.
There's all sorts of evidence. If a suspect is driving poorly, if their pupils are dilated, if their moments are clumsy, if there's an odor of drugs or alcohol, if their speech is slurred - these are all evidence of intoxication. It's perfectly reasonably for police to make arrests based on evidence such as this. It would be idiotic not to. Now, all that evidence is *superseded* by much more objective chemical evidence obtained from blood or urine or whatever, processed by laboratory instruments. But unfortunately, police can't conduct those tests in their vehicles.
Do you have any actual statistics on the amount of suspects forced to spend "months" in jail waiting on a trail for being intoxicated?
Do you have any actual statistics on...anything? Any of these accusations you've made at all? Any hard data whatsoever?
I'm not in law enforcement. You're asking me if support the police having the authority to make Driving While Intoxicated arrests based upon evidence such as poor driving, dilated pupils, clumsy movements, odor of drugs or alcohol, and slurred speech? Yes. I do support the police having the authority to make Driving While Intoxicated arrests based upon evidence such as poor driving, dilated pupils, clumsy movements, odor of drugs or alcohol, and slurred speech. Does that enrage and frustrate you? I don't see how it's 'Draconian' or a premise contrary to how the United States is supposed to operate.
&gt; Yes, sometimes the observations made by the police will not be confirmed by chemical tests. That's the whole point of the chemical test. That's the reason why suspects are not just convicted for DUI and thrown in prison merely on what the officers observe.
If a person isn't competent to follow the rules of the road, they shouldn't be driving at all. If they have a legitimate medical condition, that's something the police can take into account during their examination. But yes, ultimately the police do have discretion to make an arrest based on factors that are difficult to give objective numbers to.
I looked through all of them. None of them have any statistics to support any the accusations you've made.
Okay. Have fun being consumed with rage and frustration at society.
It doesn't make you angry to live in a fascist state? I'm pretty certain that police have the right the arrest drivers based upon this evidence everywhere in America. For all I know, everywhere in the world. Do you know anywhere where police *don't* have this power? It doesn't enrage you to consider that this fascist practice is routine all the world?
Well, they can certainly isolate "European origin', 'Aboriginal origin', 'Sub-Saharan African origin', 'East Asian origin', and so forth.
Suppose we travel to a town in rural Norway right now, today. Suppose we then travel to a rural village in Cameroon, right now, today. You think it's 'junk science' that the people we find in Norway are statistically far more likely to have a far greater number of ancestors who lived on the European continent in the past 10,000 years or so than the people we find in Cameroon?
It's not bait and switch. You say this isn't valid because we can't determine "race." Okay. Who needs race? I didn't say the word "race" in my comment. We can instead use "statistically far more likely to have ancestors from [wherever.] There's no mention of "race" there. Now *this* concept is objectively, not socially defined. It's not a "social construction" if your ancestors 10,000 years ago were in modern Australia or modern Ukraine.
Once again, this concept is independent of race. Who knows what "race" means anyway? And besides, I've been told that race doesn't exist, that it was "invented" several hundreds years ago. What a mess! White, black, brown, who knows what these concepts mean? It's a mystery. That's why I'm staying away from such a nebulous concept. I just want to look at geographical evidence. Can we determine the geographical area where a person's ancestors tended to live? I'm pretty sure we can. That's it. There's no racial element here at all.
Yes, this is why we use this wonderful tool of statistics to approach the problem. I hardly except any scientist to run tests on a person and declare "Your entire genetic history from the ascendancy of *Homo Sapiens Sapiens* to your birth 35 years ago took place within a four square kilometer area in Central Asia." That would be very silly, wouldn't it?
I see. So what you're suggesting is, people shouldn't "sit in jail" without convictions. *That's* the problem that needs to be solved. But once that's fixed, then it's great for police to arrest citizens for these sorts of crimes, for this sort of evidence. Is that correct?
I see. So, there's no test laboratory test police carry in the vehicles to detect intoxication from marijuana or other drugs. And the portable breath testers they carry aren't admissible as evidence in court. So could you explain to me, as an Enlightened Redditor, how exactly police should 'prove' drivers are intoxicated? And if not, what exactly they're supposed to do about intoxicated drivers?
Uh, yes, we absolutely do. Do you...not understand what science is? Are you opposed to it? I don't think I need to argue that yes, statistics is used in the practical application of pretty much every branch of science (literally every branch?), and that very much includes genetics.
There are very strict limits on individual and corporate donations to candidates seeking to be elected at the federal level in the United States. There are are no limits to general spending from a group seeking to elect a candidate, as long as that money isn't going to the candidate themselves, but if you want to ban that, you're looking at very serious free speech issues.
Really? What about firearm ownership? What about deciding whether transgenderism is legitimate? Do you want the government out of the people's lives on those issues?
Why?
Don't forget that these countries (or at least Scandanavia) are usually sitting on comparatively huge amounts of renewable natural resources, mostly hydropower and geothermic power that most of the world simply doesn't have access to. Also, it doesn't really matter, but they aren't socialist.
Compared to the United States? Not nearly as much.
Well, no. That's very silly. The government discriminates between genders all the time. The most obvious example is the military. But gender determines the clothing you can wear to school and which locker room you change in. It determines which athletes are allowed to represent our country and which aren't. It determines whether your business is following acceptable hiring practices, or if it isn't. By the way, when whine about being how important 'unity' is when they're disagreed with, when they insist people stop being divisive (and start agreeing with them.), you know what the means? It means "I need your votes, your money, your work, but **I'm** doing all the thinking." If unity is so important to you, you can have it. All you have to do is start agreeing with everything I say and do. Complete unity. No more division. That's what you want, right?
Oh, that's easy. Transgenderism is officially rejected by all facets of government. This includes schools, official paperwork, census information, everything. All medical treatment related to gender reassignment is removed from any government medical program. Such medical treatment for *anyone* under the age of 18 is forbidden. However, citizens are free to practice whatever "gender identity" they want in the privacy of their own homes. I think there also really needs to be some sort of stipulation punishing parents and guardians for imposing "transgender" behavior on their child. It's not acceptable to turn your 9 year old into a drag queen. How's that for a compromise? Extremely reasonable, I think.
My goodness, you sure like repeating that little mantra, don't you? I'm curious what exactly you're willing to 'compromise' on this particular issue.
Yeah... A lot of Reddit's whining about the USA is stupid, but this is pretty dead-on. There's absolutely no reason 95% of the population needs a 14,000 pound vehicle with seven seats, sucking up gas and pumping out exhaust. And yet lots and lots and *lots* of people buy them. So they get to feel 'big' on the road during their drive to Wal-Mart. It's idiotic.
In a smarter world, these would be taxed massively. As in, $50,000+ for a basic model. If you actually have a big family, or if you actually work in an occupation that requires moving heavy loads, or if you actually live in very mountainous territory, you could get an exemption. (For *one* vehicle, in the case of a big family, or working in a profession that requires a truck.) Maybe the government could offer some sort of incentive to rental companies for the few people who actually do drive into the wilderness with a quad bike or something every few months, so they have a reasonable option available.
Why is it about driving a vehicle with seven seats, four of which you'll never use that makes you happy?
Well, that taxes every gallon at the same rate. I'd prefer a tax that's lower on the 'necessary' gasoline than the 'pointlessly excessive' gasoline.
I know...the penalty for these vehicles should still be higher. It's the same reasoning as progressive taxation rates.
I imagine there's a huge market of people who want to *imagine* themselves as rugged explorers who need a vehicle to tow loads or use AWD or carry significant cargo and a relatively tiny minority who actually ever do it on a regular basis. I look around on my drive home and see empty pick-up, after empty pick-up, after empty pick-up, after SUV with one driver, after SUV with one driver, after SUV with one driver. I suppose that's the point right? That 'rugged explorer' is what they're selling, not the thousands of pounds of steel and polymer. And I'm sure there's lots of snowy areas in the world where people manage just fine with smaller cars. I suppose it's naive to expect people to do better when the prices aren't really all that different.
In-universe, for James Bond. But it's the audience's perception that matters, not characters within the story.
&gt; "Oh no--it's the work of an instant. They put a man inside a frame and a sort of broad knife falls by machinery -they call the thing a guillotine-it falls with fearful force and weight-the head springs off so quickly that you can't wink your eye in between. But all the preparations are so dreadful. When they announce the sentence, you know, and prepare the criminal and tie his hands, and cart him off to the scaffold--that's the fearful part of the business. The people all crowd round--even women-- though they don't at all approve of women looking on." &gt; "No, it's not a thing for women." &gt; "Of course not--of course not!--bah! The criminal was a fine intelligent fearless man; Le Gros was his name; and I may tell you--believe it or not, as you like--that when that man stepped upon the scaffold he CRIED, he did indeed,--he was as white as a bit of paper. Isn't it a dreadful idea that he should have cried --cried! Whoever heard of a grown man crying from fear--not a child, but a man who never had cried before--a grown man of forty-five years. Imagine what must have been going on in that man's mind at such a moment; what dreadful convulsions his whole spirit must have endured; it is an outrage on the soul that's what it is. Because it is said 'thou shalt not kill,' is he to be killed because he murdered some one else? No, it is not right, it's an impossible theory. I assure you, I saw the sight a month ago and it's dancing before my eyes to this moment. I dream of it, often." &gt; The prince had grown animated as he spoke, and a tinge of colour suffused his pale face, though his way of talking was as quiet as ever. The servant followed his words with sympathetic interest. Clearly he was not at all anxious to bring the conversation to an end. Who knows? Perhaps he too was a man of imagination and with some capacity for thought. &gt; "Well, at all events it is a good thing that there's no pain when the poor fellow's head flies off," he remarked &gt; "Do you know, though," cried the prince warmly, "you made that remark now, and everyone says the same thing, and the machine is designed with the purpose of avoiding pain, this guillotine I mean; but a thought came into my head then: what if it be a bad plan after all? You may laugh at my idea, perhaps--but I could not help its occurring to me all the same. Now with the rack and tortures and so on--you suffer terrible pain of course; but then your torture is bodily pain only (although no doubt you have plenty of that) until you die. But HERE I should imagine the most terrible part of the whole punishment is, not the bodily pain at all--but the certain knowledge that in an hour,--then in ten minutes, then in half a minute, then now--this very INSTANT--your soul must quit your body and that you will no longer be a man-- and that this is certain, CERTAIN! That's the point--the certainty of it. Just that instant when you place your head on the block and hear the iron grate over your head--then--that quarter of a second is the most awful of all. &gt; "This is not my own fantastical opinion--many people have thought the same; but I feel it so deeply that I'll tell you what I think. I believe that to execute a man for murder is to punish him immeasurably more dreadfully than is equivalent to his crime. A murder by sentence is far more dreadful than a murder committed by a criminal. The man who is attacked by robbers at night, in a dark wood, or anywhere, undoubtedly hopes and hopes that he may yet escape until the very moment of his death. There are plenty of instances of a man running away, or imploring for mercy--at all events hoping on in some degree--even after his throat was cut. But in the case of an execution, that last hope--having which it is so immeasurably less dreadful to die,--is taken away from the wretch and CERTAINTY substituted in its place! There is his sentence, and with it that terrible certainty that he cannot possibly escape death--which, I consider, must be the most dreadful anguish in the world. You may place a soldier before a cannon's mouth in battle, and fire upon him--and he will still hope. But read to that same soldier his death-sentence, and he will either go mad or burst into tears. Who dares to say that any man can suffer this without going mad? No, no! it is an abuse, a shame, it is unnecessary--why should such a thing exist? Doubtless there may be men who have been sentenced, who have suffered this mental anguish for a while and then have been reprieved; perhaps such men may have been able to relate their feelings afterwards. Our Lord Christ spoke of this anguish and dread. No! no! no! No man should be treated so, no man, no man!" *The Idiot*
&gt; Are you saying a family history of mental health problems means one person's mental health problem are invalid? It's an example that goes against the idea that mental illnesses can happen to anyone (which is therefore a complete abdication of any and all responsibility from both the patient and the society surrounding the patient.) I certainly do not think gender dysphoria can happen to anyone.
No, that wasn't the problem. If the 100% Paragon route had an absolutely fantastic, meaningful, well explained ending, and every other playthrough route had to cut corners or introduce plot holes to make the story fit into the same ending (so choices don't really 'matter'), people still would have loved it. I would have loved it. This is exactly what Red Dead 2 did. It's more or less what Planescape:Torment did. After all, for all players and developers talk about 'choices mattering' what game has ever really done it? That's not the problem. The problem is Shepard's actions counting for nothing, not the player's choices.
&gt; The only reason people didn’t like it was because in 90% of the endings shepherd died and that ruined their power fantasy, Bullshit. Nothing you do actually matters. The united galactic fleet accomplishes nothing. Shepard's companions accomplish nothing. It was all pointless. You "win" because of the magic Crucible built off screen. Or because the Catalyst decides to be nice. Really, who knows? Any explanation runs into a massive plot hole.
Master this distinction: There is a difference between the *choices of the player* and the *actions of the protagonist.* The player's choices usually don't mean that much. That's just reality. Video games are made by people who limited time and money, who, at the end of the day, can really only write and program and animate one story, one plot, one central conflict, and one resolution. That's okay. Lots of video games have had great stories without choices meaning much. In fact, I would really argue there has *never* been a video game where your choices really "matter" in the sense of giving you a totally complete, totally different story. The characters actions not meaning much, on the other hand, is utterly unacceptable. That is the *worst* thing a story can do: Be pointless. The exception is comedy, where is perfectly okay to be pointless, but that's not Mass Effect.
Dragon Age: Inquisition is a far better example of that. An utterly miserable game, but probably 20% of the companion dialogue is characters gushing "Wow Inquisitor, you're so awesome I just creamed myself." Where literally the one single 'friendly' character to doubt you is the one single 'friendly' character to die. Where 15 minutes into the game someone tells you you're the only hope for saving the world and 30 minutes into the game someone gets down on his hands and knees and bows to you with his nose touching the floor. I can only imagine these things are the reason such a lousy game hasn't been eviscerated. (And yeah, there are definitely moments in Mass Effect when I have to cringe a little at characters being a little too quick to promise loyalty to Shepard, but he ultimately feels like a hero who has actually earned it, who actually faces legitimate obstacles and overcomes them. The Inquisitor is just an undeserving dullard.)
In terms of the sanctions of Cuba, you think peacefully declining to trade with someone is 'exploiting' them?
If the USA is evil and imperialist, it sounds like Cuba shouldn't be trading with it in the first place, right? Cuba is completely free to trade with 193 other nations all it wants.
I think a better meme is the guy putting a stick through his bicycle wheel. "Screw you Imperialists!" "Imperialists please help!" Perhaps you could elaborate.
I'm going to be honest. That sounds horrible. I don't need characters squeeing "You're a krogan! That means shooting that innocent person in the face is *awesome*!" Morality is not ice cream. Asari have one flavor, salarians have one flavor, krogan have one flavor, but they're all different, all awesome? No.
No. That is absolutely not what it comes down to at all. No race is shown to have one single opinion. Even the krogan themselves have Grunt, who I don't remember being bothered by the genophage.
How would this look different from society nowadays?
Required by whom?
Let my words carry you: JUSTICE is a TEACHER. In your PUNISHMENT, gain STRENGTH. Through your PUNISHMENT, achieve PERFECTION.
You used the word 'stereotype.' What does that word mean for you, exactly? Because, while the OP could have perhaps explained it a tad more elegantly, the idea that stories created by men and enjoyed by men do tend to include more violence is almost certainly a statistical fact.
You know, there's a difference between acknowledging a reality and advocating something? You do understand that, right?
I'm not sure where you learned this very pseudoscientific nonsense, but let's try to base our understanding on actual facts and evidence. And here are the facts: We don't *know* why males statistically are more prone to violence. Maybe your 'gender studies' professor told you different, but I can assure you she's very wrong. Let me ask you a question. What do you think about the countless animals species that demonstrate incredibly significant disparities in behavior between gender, that yet have no society to indoctrinate them? Do, for example, male and female praying mantises behave differently because of "machismo" and "socialization"?
Did you understand anything I said at all?
My point had utterly nothing to do with whether women are or aren't oppressed. The point was to consider whether or not 'gendered behavior' is the result of any 'innate' (biological) cause.
To be precise, the value (to a buyer) is equal to the maximum the buyer is willing to way.
Do you understand what the concept of 'statistics' is? Do you want to sit and think for a minute about the reason why saying "I found a book written by a man that doesn't have violence and a book written by a woman that *does* have violence, that logically proves men statistically don't write about violence more than woman!" is completely stupid?
What evidence and reasoning do you have to support this?
&gt; Do you understand what the concept of 'statistics' is? &gt; Do you want to sit and think for a minute about the reason why saying "I found a book written by a man that doesn't have violence and a book written by a woman that does have violence, that logically proves men statistically don't write about violence more than woman!" is completely stupid?
What evidence and reasoning did you learn in your years of obtaining a degree?
Firstly, no, I think gender disparities in animals and the astonishing similarities in gendered behavior in human societies worldwide (including pre-literate cultures) is a far better argument than an argument based on 'hormones' for various reasons. Secondly, the idea that "our society" has taught us to go to 'extremes' with our differences is patently ridiculous. Pretty much the exact opposite could be said for women. Western societies gush adoration and praise on women who enter traditionally male occupations, hobbies and so forth.
My goodness. Despite what Tumblr may have taught you, I'm not under any obligation to go to war any time I repeat a fact about the world. Believe me, when I want to discuss these things, I've got far smarter people to do it with than you. Oh, I know. You just so *desperately* want to be an enlightened little rebel-philosopher, and you just mad when you don't get your regular r/writing back-pats. It made you mad when you didn't get them from me. I understand. But you see, it's just not really my problem? Men tend to choose violent fiction more than women. Fact. Nope, I'm not going to write a thesis expanding it for you. I'm just going to present this fact as it is. Stay mad.
If you said something I said is incorrect, by all means, tell me what. There's no bullshit here at all. There are many, many animals with irrefutable differences in behavior between the two genders. And there remarkable similarities in gendered behavior across human cultures worldwide, including, as I said, pre-literate cultures with no exposure to television or advertisments.
I'm curious. Could you explain to me, if masculinity is so fragile...why is the world so 'oppressed' by it? Why hasn't it exploded into little pieces a million times over? Because to me, that's sounds like the sensible thing. You take a big ol' hammer, and you 'smash' the fragile little oppressors. That's what I would do. That's the smart thing. Yes indeed. Does it frustrate you, that you're not even capable of 'smashing' someone pathetically weak and fragile? I mean, what does that say about *you*? Does it make you sad? Is it *exhausting*?
In other words, basic features of every-less-than-mainstream political movement today? 'Enlightened Centrist' aside, yeah...every side.
Mmm. Not worth anything, huh? Are you fantasizing as hard as you can that I'm hideously ugly? Pathetically poor? Maybe working a miserable, minimum wage job at a place that we all know only complete *losers* work? And of course, "Incel," right? I'm sure that's the hottest new word for your little circle of friends. While meanwhile the other side is out being sexy, awesome, and successful, kicking butt and *getting shit done.* Isn't that right? Oh yes. And it's only because I'm so enraged at my situation and consumed with suppressed envy that I've turned to such illogical ideas. Is that your creamy little fantasy? Cause it's *hard* to fantasize someone who is attractive, rich, charismatic, smart, and successful as 'worthless.' It's *so* funny! Because I get the feeling you spend much of your time *whimpering* how it's *okay* to be okay and poor and unsuccessful. That's what you do, right? That's what you do. Don't you think that's so funny? You, and people like you advocate so hard that it's not wrong to be ugly, not wrong to be poor, that there's no shame in being unsuccessful this modern world. That we're all equal. But once you're backed into a corner, you go right to begging those ideas for help, don't you? It makes you feel so much better to imagine all your enemies are ugly and poor and pathetic, doesn't it? Isn't that just the funniest thing, to watch you turn your back on everything you pretend so hard to stand for the moment it makes you feel good? It's the funniest thing.
ME 2 isn't given enough credit for giving the series an aesthetic it badly needed. ME 1 is okay, but still feels too much like late 80's-early 90's Star Trek. People wearing latex and holding plastic tools. ME 2 did a great job pushing past that.
&gt; Left-wing politics is an explicit rejection of tradition. And your description is incoherent. Because they say so? Leftists construct a mythical, idealized past whose ideals we should return to. In this case, the idea of a 'pre-economic' society where all the supposedly evil social concepts of today have yet to be invented by Whitey. &gt; You don't understand what 'modernism' means in this context. Read the explanantory note immediately after the feature. Okay. I'll concede that leftism does not seem particularly opposed to 'modernism.' Neither does anyone else. What explicit tenets of 'modernism' are fascists supposed to be disagreeing with? This seems to me little more than the author stamping his feet and seething "My opponents are *irrational*! See how they disagree with the age of *reason!*" Here's a hint: *Every* political ideology today points at its opponents and says "This is built on fundamental irrational ground." This is not convincing. &gt; If you wanted to boil down leftism to a single thought, it would be "protection of the weak". Am I just supposed to accept this? Accept that 'Leftism' simply *means* 'fighting for the little guy'? No. Ridiculous. I think you have a very weak and shallow view of concepts like welfare if you think they are merely arguments of supporting 'the weak' vs. supporting the 'strong.' Is this why professional economists are skeptical of things like minimum wage? They just hate the idea of poor having more money, and advocate policies because they just *deserve* to be kept down? I'm curious, if you're convinced this is somehow the inherent *meaning* of leftism, why you don't count yourself among them? &gt; That's not Newspeak. That's a critique of language, ironically from the point of view of protecting the weak. It's an *attempt* at Newspeak. A very poor one, that has been rightfully laughed at. But make no mistake, if leftists *could* eliminate certain linguistics concepts (such as *real women*) they would happily do so. An attempt is good enough to me for it to qualify. That's all we'll see from anyone anyway, since political ideologies have no way of controlling language beyond whining on the internet.
I'm just curious. Do you really think the government is paying for the entire police system, paying for the entire court system, paying for the entire prison system, paying for public defenders, paying for halfway houses, paying for drug rehabilitation programs, paying for education programs, paying for food, paying for medical staff, paying for an army of clerks, paying for guards, paying for all the jails, paying for district attorneys, paying for judges, paying for the tens of thousands of buildings that allow this system to operate, paying for maintenance, paying for electricity and water, paying for a thousand other things I haven't thought of...so they can get labor from convicts? That doesn't strike you as a supremely retarded conspiracy? You're really convinced the government so *desperately* needs labor from an unskilled, uneducated, unmotivated population that they've set up this system to profit from convicts?
Uh-huh. And how do allll these people in allll these different industries with allll kinds of different backgrounds control the government and legal systems to achieve this?
It was.
According to Wikipedia, Afghanistan had zero oil production until 2012, when it opened a refinery in a joint venture with China. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mining_in_Afghanistan#Petroleum_and_natural_gas If the only goal is oil, why has the West spent invested so much in a country to not extract any oil?
You *don't* think employers will be more selective with their hiring? You don't think employers will have a bigger pool of applicants for the same job that pays $15 an hour instead of $9? You don't think they'll select who they believe to be the best candidate?
What agenda would that be?
Can you establish that the West is benefiting from resources extracted in Afghanistan? Can you establish, if this trade exists, that it is a bad thing for the Afghani people? For example, in the example I gave you of the first oil refinery opened in a joint venture with China, Afghanistan is keeping 70% of the profit. Which seems reasonable.
Uh-huh...first of all, you are aware that many very highly trained economists who have indeed studied far beyond 'Econ 101' and are quite aware of how elasticity functions are skeptical of minimum wage for various reasons? I know that's not the impression you'll find on Reddit, but it's the reality nonetheless. Secondly, no, I really don't think it's because businesses will fire their employees. I imagine it might happen because a $15 job is simply far more attractive. People might go to school, they might study in a program, they might take other jobs, they might be unemployed. I don't need some silly 'mass firing' of workers to imagine that a $15 job might receive more applications than when it was a $9 job, even if every other job is at least $15.
Wow, a forum literally dedicated talking about a studio has a new post talking about that studio once a week? That's totally insane and crazy.
Andromeda with 5x the same content would not have been great.
Do you think a bigger budget would have fixed the weak and shallow story and completely uninteresting setting? The reason these things were bad was because they ran out of money?
Exchange value is the importance a good has to a person's economic condition they might receive by trading or selling the good. It is the importance to *them*. Not the person they are trading or selling it to. The great distinction Marxists place between use-value and exchange-value is nonsense. It's merely one specific example of a more general phenomenon. All goods have one and only one value to every person. A good cannot simultaneously be high value and low value. Many goods have multiple ways to provide utility to people. If we have a nice antique wooden desk, it might be used as a desk, or it might be chopped up and used as firewood. Use values. Or, it might be sold or traded. Exchange values. Which of these uses - which would almost certainly provide very different utility to a person - represents the real value? Very simple. It is always the highest. If the person receives the highest value from using it as a desk, they will use it as a desk. If the person receives the highest value from selling it, they will selling it.
Yeah...that's kind of obvious. Nobody thinks the owner of a toothpaste factory personally uses 5 million tubes of toothpaste every year.
*Supplier* induced demand, you mean?
Nobody's getting drafted. Stop getting your ideas on how the world works from Reddit.
&gt; In such a case, I'm literally being paid for nothing more than 'not attacking you,' like a mugger or pirate. I'm wondering if you think this logic applies to all facets of society. Imagine, for example, a society without capital. An isolated island. The island is ruled by aliens or demons or robots or whatever who don't like technology. They immediately destroy any technology - any capital - the islanders try and invent, but otherwise leave them be. The inhabitants sleep on the sand, and harvest coconuts and berries with their bare hands for food. No capital. But coconuts and berries still require labor. The inhabitants might steal from one another if they knew there was no consequences. But they don't, because they know that would lead to violence, and that's a lot more trouble than it's worth. Instead they trade. Do you suggest that a man trading coconuts for berries is paying the other person (with coconuts) for 'literally nothing more than not being attacked'?
And what about renting some unproductive piece of property for one reason or another? Is that literally paying for nothing more than not being attacked?
Mmm. Buying is okay. Because you gain ownership. Renting is not. You're just paying someone not to attack you. Is this correct?
They absolutely do lose the "right to attack you", for a certain amount of time. A landlord is not permitted to come stay in your apartment and sleep in your bed.
Inquisition's story was God-awful. I have never understood how a book like Twilight can get shredded for shilling it's characters as Gods without the characters doing anything to earn it, and Inquisition is untouched. Because Inquisition is worse. Your character is a weak, forgettable dullard yet probably 20% of the dialogue is "*Wow* Inquisitor, you're so amazing I just creamed myself!" As least Twilight has just one character masturbating over her vampire boyfriend. Inquisitor has the whole world masturbating over the protagonist.
It is important. The only real distinction here seems to be time. It's perfectly okay for two people to agree to a transfer of ownership of a good forever. But agreeing to a transfer of ownership for a certain period of time is inherently wrong. I really don't think you can establish that, because the transfer of ownership is agreed to be limited in time, a renter is merely paying for the other party not to attack him, yet a buyer is not.
I don't think you did. You said when an object is sold, the seller loses the 'right to attack' the buyer. No, I replied, someone renting out a good also loses the 'right to attack.' You merely said this wasn't important. It is important. Is there any distinction here besides time? If so, what is it?
Why then, is buying and selling okay but renting inherently wrong? It's clearly not because, as you claimed, the person renting something out is doing or sacrificing 'literally nothing.' If that's not the reason, then what is it?
A customer can't possibly be expected to know whether all the factors that go into a modern product are 'good.' Do you know whether the completely tasteless ingredient on the label that you can't even pronounce is a significant carcinogen? (Assuming, in this society, products even *have* ingredient labels) Do you know if the drug you're buying will actually have any effect? Do you know anything about where this product actually came from, and how it was manufactured?
New Vegas doesn't suck. But the story, although good, has several significant problems that keep it from being a masterpiece. And most of the gameplay (exploration, combat, graphics, music, leveling system, side quests) is weaker than Fallout 3.
That's how it works *now*. If we very stupidly decided that basic consumer protection is unnecessary, that's probably not how it would work anymore.
&gt; If the market wants labels, there will be labels. I'm going to go a little off topic.. Tell me. Do you have any knowledge at all of public and private goods? Any knowledge of things like excludability, rivalry, and externalities? Because the idea that "If the market wants X, there will **always** be X" does not hold up to scrutiny.
How many hours of research do you do on 'consumer review websites,' reading 'professional critics,' and looking at ' 'licensing/certification businesses' when you decide to buy a bottle of ketchup? Obviously, you can't just do it for the brand once. We all know companies change, employees change, technology changes, suppliers change, circumstances change. Obviously you can't just *trust* that your favorite ketchup brand hasn't decided to switch to a tomato farmer using some very dangerous pesticide or something in the last three months.
&gt; We live in the age of communication. Things like that don’t remain hidden for long anymore. The clickbait for such a story is far too valuable This is really just completely dumb. Do you think the problem would be something as obvious as a cockroach in your peanut butter? How about a carcinogen that takes *decades* for the average person to suffer effects from, that takes a very expensive study with a large amount of participants to prove it's a result of the product at all? Are you going to get on your Facebook and post a picture of the peanut butter you ate 40 years ago and gently wonder if it might have something to do with your poor health, with absolutely no proof because - guess what - you're not a chemical oncologist, you don't have millions of dollars, and you don't know 10,000 other people who ate the peanut butter twice a week or more?
Sure. Show me the actual hard data on how many guns "get through" TSA every year.
&gt; Fraternization is strictly forbidden among Alliance enlisted and officers. Are you sure? I don't remember hearing or reading this anywhere.
Does someone explicitly say "Fraternization is forbidden"?
So...only during an active mission, whatever that means?
Of course, this is to a large extent necessary for a society to function. Laws are not optional based on what culture you come from. Children are, today, not given a choice to speak whatever language they want in schools. People who want to be wealthy and successful have no choice to learn certain skills and accept certain norms.
Lol okay.
Nobody thinks ragdolls look better than handcrafted animations. The whole point of ragdolls is that programmers don't need to create handcrafted animations. Less work. &gt; The best way of course is euphoria which is like a mix of both but only ragdoll is complete shit and looks stupid. All ragdoll animation engines are a "mix."
People say this. Every time this topic comes up. Idealist and Pragmatic. Paragon is "Idealist" and Renegade is "Pragmatic." And not just Mass Effect. This is what people love to say morality should be in video games. One side should be "Idealist." And the other should be "Pragmatic." Idealist and Pragmatic. Pragmatic, Pragmatic, Pragmatic. And the question I've asked several times, and have never gotten a satisfying answer to is "**Should a Renegade (and therefore supposedly "pragmatic") playthrough result in a better material outcome?"**" This is dictionary definition of 'pragmatic' on Google: Dealing with things sensibly and realistically in a way that is based on practical rather than theoretical considerations. This, to me, is what pragmatic means. An action that - putting aside luck - results in a better concrete, material, real outcome in the actual real, material world. If it does not lead to a **better** material outcome - putting luck aside - it cannot be pragmatic. Because that's what pragmatic means. But every time I ask whether the "pragmatic" Renegade playthough should lead to a better material outcome, the answer I always get is "No, no, no, no, no, of course the pragmatic playthough shouldn't result in a better outcome!" So I ask you: What does pragmatic here actually *mean*?
In other words - again, putting luck aside - leading a better outcome? Because obviously, an action that leads to a worse outcome - putting luck aside - cannot be rational or logical, right? There must be some failure of logic or rationality there. So would you agree that, yes, a Renegade playthrough should lead a better material, concrete outcome? Renegade should - **by *definition* of being 'pragmatic'** - lead a better outcome?
Great. Glad we got that straightened out. You believe a Renegade playthough should lead to a better outcome. Now, do you think this should be the template for moral decisions for video games in general? Games should, in general, offer the player a idealistic, emotional and stupid decision, or a pragmatic, logical, and rational decision. And the pragmatic decision should of course generally lead to better material outcomes?
Mmm. You know, me too. Although I think we have very different pictures in mind. Let's consider a concrete example. Do you remember Samara's recruitment mission in ME 2? You encounter a Eclipse gang member, and Shepard has to decide what to do with her. Now, what do you think should be pragmatic, rational decision to this choice, and what do you think should be the idealistic, emotional decision?
Great. Now, how you feel if say, Garrus, or someone became utterly enraged at the Renegade action. That's sensible, right? It's really kind of silly, from a pure story perspective, that all these characters who are obviously extremely dedicated to their ideals are content to sit by and gape while Shepard kills innocents and whatever. It would be a more realistic story if your companions reacted to your moral actions beyond just a line of dialogue and forgetting about it 30 seconds later. So get this: Garrus shoots you, and you die. That's also real sensible, right? See when *most* games do this, they let you fight them in gameplay. And in gameplay, you can get shot 30 times and still kill them and heal yourself back to full health in a few seconds. But that's not how it works here. Garrus has his weapon pointed at you, and this time you can't 'badass' your way out of being shot at by a very skilled warrior from two meters away. He shoots you, you die, game over. How would you feel about a game doing something like that?
Right, right, like I said, a fair number of games have done something like that. But *this* time, you don't get saved by gameplay mechanics. You aren't ready to fight, they are. So you die.
I don't know any of the specifics of that, so I can't comment. But you'd enjoy this hypothetical scenario of Garrus or some other character reacting to your choice?
Well, no. I mean, you're ending an innocent person's life, right? You're not shoplifting a lollypop. So no, there is no way around it. I think that would be a little silly. I think maybe we could have a cutscene of Garrus killing you vs. arresting you, and a cutscene of Shepard being court-martialed and imprisoned? Still game over, obviously. How would that work?
Well, I'm certainly not the type to try and pull a gun and shoot people, but the level of anger? Oh yes. Again, we are talking about ending the life of an innocent person. This is a crime people can spend their entire lives in prison for. Obviously, we couldn't introduce a choice with consequences like this 50 hours into the game, with Garrus being totally cool with murder for the previous 50 hours. This is just an example. In general, we're talking about a game that would be *full* of scenarios like this. So the only way the player would be able to get this far is to not have committed a crime like this yet.
...No. That's silly. Executing a person does not become okay because they *might* be guilty. Garrus, being a moral and rational person, is enraged, and will not tolerate that.
Okay. Fine. We all know that we the player had no evidence or special reasons. We decided to execute this woman because we thought it would be a good idea to shoot someone merely because they might be a criminal. Garrus of course is not an imbecile, and is not swayed a bit by the fact that she does actually turn out to be a criminal. He knows we did not know that at the time, and are still therefore just as guilty. End result, Garrus reports this information, the Normandy is promptly locked down, Shepard is arrested, court-martialed, and summarily imprisoned. Game over. You would enjoy this scenario?
&gt; And maybe, just maybe, you may find a console where she just up and confesses to the crime (as it exists in the game). ... &gt; Garrus of course is not an imbecile, and is not swayed a bit by the fact that she does actually turn out to be a criminal. He knows we did not know that at the time, and are still therefore just as guilty. I don't know how much you know about law, but defendants are not excused from crimes because the crime *happened* to have a good or justifiable outcome. You don't get to walk away from murder because the person you killed just happened to be serial killer himself. Even if you did know, you're still committing a very serious offense. Criminals still have rights. So no, this is absolutely a very serious crime, and Shepard would absolutely go to prison.
You think stopping people from killing other people because they *might* be criminals is "stupid shit"? And No. *Reported* by a vigilante. Again, if we're actually being rational here, Garrus is not going to forget about Shepard murdering an innocent person in 30 seconds. If we're talking about this specific scenario, the reasonable outcome is the Illium authorities immediately locking down the Normandy.
Just so we're clear - You *don't* think it's rational for characters in video games to face consequences for actions like, murdering innocent people?
Liara.
All of which they provide an explanation for? I really don't think very many actual lawyers, police, and legal theorists would agree with you.
When we're talking about facing consequences such as being arrested and imprisoned, law is what matters.
Obviously, any story *can* decide to make their character so badass they can do whatever they want without consequence. Either by just ignoring those consequences or giving their character god powers. But I find that to be boring writing. No, I'd much prefer stories where morality has actual consequences.
Well, for better or worse, this is what realistic and rational consequences look like. Maybe realistic and rational consequences aren't what you actually want?
There's probably a small discrepancy in the physical abilities of different races. But there's a massive discrepancy in the physical abilities of the two genders. Example: Men's shot put uses a shot weighing 7.26 kg. Woman's shot put uses a shot weighing 4 kg. And the men's record is still slightly higher.
Did you think being a member of the EU meant a British citizen can just move to France or Germany any time he wants?
No. It absolutely does not. You don't just get to move to any country in the EU because your home country is a member. Now, being in the EU might very well mean Britain faces political pressure to accept immigrants or refugees or something of the sort. But that's something very different.
There's absolutely no part of capitalist economic theory that says pursuing profit will maximize happiness.
Nope. This is free movement for *workers*. Not the same thing as freedom to generally immigrant wherever you like.
Wait a moment. You're claiming the US embargo is stopping *Venezuela* from trading with Cuba? It's my understanding that the embargo only restricts (not fully prohibits) American trade with Cuba, and 195 other nations or whatever are free to trade with Cuba however much they like. In the 'Oil' section of the Cuba-Venezuela relations page on Wikipedia, there's no mention whatsoever of any American action restricting the import and export of oil between the two countries. - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuba%E2%80%93Venezuela_relations#Oil
These articles say the US is imposing sanctions on firms transporting oil from Venezeula to Cuba. It's still ultimately only a policy of who the US does and doesn't trade with, correct? The US is not taking any military action at all, and only the single legal and economic action of declining to trade with certain parties. Correct?
There is no question that in the original story, she's white. The story makes a point of talking about how beautiful she is *because* she's so pale.
Do you imagine this "cliché stuff" is particularly harmful? Nope of these tropes seem negative.
I think that's a rather poor example, because the evil-for-no-reason-dark-lord is not overused in the slightest. But sure. It's fair to want to see some variety. I'm just making sure there's no 'moral indignation' here. We don't want to go down that very ugly path. It's true: Very few westerners have any idea of the what the Arabic world is and what Arabic peoples are beyond a caricature. Myself included. We just don't want to go making accusations at Western society of morally failing because of this.
Can you imagine any reason why I shouldn't simply find the most opulent house I can, walk inside, and declare it my new home? Since the use of violence to exclude people from using property is prohibited?
Mmm. So in other words, nobody has any freedom to say no to anyone who wants to be their roommate. If someone - *anyone* - decides they're living with you, well that's it. You've got a roommate, hope you like him. Is that correct? And if they decide they really just don't feel like cleaning up, well, *you* get the privilege of scrubbing his poo stains out of the toilet. Of course you might say you can always pack up and move. You know, just abandon your neighborhood, your community, the friends you might have made, the park you love, the four minute commute to your place of work. Spend weeks packing up, finding someplace new, unpacking. And then hope really, really hard it doesn't happen again. Is this the society you have in mind?
What difference do you think it's going to make? It's a word processor. You push buttons on the keyboard and letters appear. The end.
You very obviously are 'judging people' if this is making you cringe.
It does not negate the ability to exclude *violently*, of course? Since we know no other method of exclusion exists. Privacy, health, and safety. Now surely that includes the ability to exclude people you disliking being around? It's surely not very healthy to have a roommate with a relationship built on resentment, contempt, and frustration, for whatever reason.
Don't you think it's a little silly to imagine you can separate people and their actions like that?
You are separating. Or you're trying to. Do you want to be around people who say annoying things that make you cringe all day? No. You don't. I'm sure you learned somewhere that 'judging' people is evil and meany and wrong. But that's nonsense. 'Judging' people is the reality of all human interaction. How do we separate people we like and people we don't? We judge them. How do we separate our enemies and our friends? We judge them. How do we separate smart people from stupid people? We judge them. You're 'judging' people every time you interact with a human being. You're judging me right now. Accept it.
I'm not mad at you. I'm here to teach you something. Yes, you are judging people. You are. You really ought to accept it. You don't want to live your life pretending you're something that you aren't. There's quite enough of that in this world, don't you think?
No, let's say mere dislike. Your new roommate is obnoxious, annoying, messy, lazy, but does nothing that is real threat to health or safety. I'm not going to comment on privacy since this whole scheme seems to be ridiculous so far as privacy as concerned. Anyway. Obnoxious, annoying, messy, lazy, but not actually unsafe or unhealthy. There is no recourse here?
Ah, okay. So, when you have a small home, *then* it's totally fine to violently exclude people without further consideration. Is that correct?
Do you *support* corporations gleefully praising minorities and selling 'wokeness' as long as it makes them money? Or does it disgust you?
Have you considered the possibility that right-leaning people are disgusted by it for the same reasons? Nobody likes hypocrisy.
Well, first things first. While I don't like terms such as 'cultural Marxism', there *is*, factually, a movement in the Western world supported by very powerful institutions such as governments and universities and so forth to push "diversity" as *inherently* morally or intellectually superior. This is *factually* happening. Wouldn't you agree?
Do you imagine that being a capitalist means you think everything and anything a corporation does or could do is automatically awesome, because corporations are just awesome? This is what capitalists think? I think right wingers are *extremely* suspicious of the push toward diversity being a corporate agenda to generate profit. There is no 'Oh, this is done by corporations to make profit, that means it's okay.'
What does that even mean? The 'free market works out fine.' Under any circumstances? Without any laws or regulations? 'Works out' to do what? I think your idea of 'capitalism' is coming from some less than intelligent people. Nobody with a brain thinks the free market is the answer to every problem the human species ever has or will face. There's no contradiction whatsoever between a support of capitalism and disgust at certain corporate actions.
No. What might be true is that the people who go rant on YouTube about it and get their names attached to the word 'Capitalism' believe that markets are too restricted. But the implicit acceptance of capitalism and its basic principles is universal, and this naturally includes everyone's who wants to see restrictions on markets. Bernie Sanders? Capitalist. The most supposedly 'progressive' countries and regions in the world? (Scandinavia and so forth?) Capitalist. All these political parties and with 'socialist' in their name? Capitalist.
No, actually, I can absolutely do that. There is no 'one' capitalism whose every single law I must agree with. I can support juries and still think a jury came to an incorrect verdict and the legal process should be altered. I can support democracy and still think a stupid candidate is elected and think the election process should be altered. Unless you can establish that this is the result of some *fundamental* failing of a system, there's not one iota of contradiction or hypocrisy here.
Did you read my comment? I'm just going to copy and paste it for you, in big bold letters. **These articles say the US is imposing sanctions on firms transporting oil from Venezeula to Cuba.** Yes. The US is imposing sanctions on firms that are transporting oil from Venezeula to Cuba. This is exactly what I just said. And now let me copy and paste my other comment. **It's still ultimately only a policy of who the US does and doesn't trade with, correct? The US is not taking any military action at all, and only the single legal and economic action of declining to trade with certain parties. Correct?**
Proof? I'm looking online, and there's lots of articles by Buzzfeed-tier websites, but I don't see anything solidly credible. All of these articles look like a typical journalist copy-paste of people repeating the same anecdote. "Parmesan cheese" and "vomit." In the Wikipedia article for 'Butyric Acid' (which is the supposed evil artificial industrial chemical) there's no mention at all in the 'uses' section of this chemical being added to chocolate. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butyric_acid#Uses By the way. I lived in Austria. The most popular chocolate bar that actually has a big brand name and actually takes up shelf space? (Milka) It's manufactured by Kraft, and has been for 30 years.
'Human nature' is a 100%, unchangable, inevitable thing, huh? Humans + Time = Communism. It's just a scientific fact, like 2 + 2 = 4. Because this is the inevitable, unalterable, fundamental core of what humans are, amirite?
What non-medical consumer products?
No, I asked *what* non-medical consumer products. You said all kinds of consumer products are overpriced. Like what?
Generally a terrible idea. Step 1: Populists get elected and say "How DARE these companies make PROFIT on these products! Don't they realize how evil it is to put MONEY before HUMAN LIVES! It should be ILLEGAL to charge more than X amount for this product!" Step 2: Companies say "If we can't make a profit, we're not going to produce anything. Goodbye." Step 3. Empty shelves, Empty supermarkets. Poverty. Populists say "I just don't get it! We did this for the *people*!"
Which things, actually? Give me a product with an actual number attached. "A [blank] costs [blank], and that's way more than it should!"
I'm looking for evidence that you've put thought into this, beyond just a tired and lazy 'corporations are mean and evil and do mean and evil things.' When you go to the supermarket, *which* products do you think are overpriced? How much are they? How much should they be?
I'm not very convinced countries have a *right* to trade with any other country they choose. That any country has a moral obligation to trade with another. "It's *their* fault for politely declining to trade with me" comes across as a very weak and whiny argument.
I'm not sure how this is meant to be relevant to what I said.
I don't suppose you have any explanation as to why someone wouldn't set up a broad spectrum broadcast and immediately claim everything.
A 'select few' will only have access in any system. Because that's how radio works. It's not physically possible for everyone to have a functioning broadcasting radio station. The only question is how we get to decide who gets to be the 'select few.'
Is this black character portrayed in any kind of derogatory fashion? Or are you just upset because a villain is black and there's not a lot of other black people around?
Weren't you just whining about the 'highest bidder' in your previous comment?
I'll quote it for you. &gt; Did you know currently in the US the FCC controls the radio spectrum and sells specific frequencies to the **highest bidder**..?! &gt; This is a good example of government causing monopolies. By only allowing the **highest bidders**, you restrict the free market of competition leading to a select few having access to the radio spectrum. &gt; Its bullshit. See, you were complaining about the 'highest bidder.' That's what you were complaining about. Did you see where I bolded it for you?
What do you think about the very common trope of "Two or three good white people + army of good minorities vs. army of evil white people."
Off the top of my head? Avatar. Elysium. Red Dead Redemption 2. Dances with Wolves. The Matrix series I think qualifies.
Which movies or other fiction made anytime in the last, say, 50 years feature bad guys who are all minorities?
So you *don't* think the free market would lead to the highest bidders having access? Is this correct?
And why would the old service agree to step aside and give up their frequency?
Has it ever occurred to you that this is how all ideas work? 2 + 2 = 4. That's an idea. And it's a box. The answer is 4, and nothing else. If you think it's 3, you're wrong. If you think it's 5, you're wrong. This is what ideas do. This is what *thought* does. They say something is right, and something else isn't. A box. What must we do, or be, to be a good citizen? What must we do, or be, to be beautiful? And yes, what must we do, or be, to be a man? These are all ideas. All boxes. Some are bigger boxes than others, some are more flexible than others, but they are all boxes. You don't get to do anything you want or be anything you want and still be a good citizen. You don't get to do anything you want or be anything you want and be beautiful. You don't get to do anything you want or be anything you want and still be a man. That's the only way it works. What you're suggesting isn't progress. It's lobotomy. This is your little picture of utopia, correct? We're all 'awesome' merely for existing as human beings. The only possible way not to be 'awesome' is to make someone else not feel 'awesome.' Nobody's ugly, right, because we're all 'awesome'? Nobody's a failure of a man because we're all 'awesome'?
I think you should probably have the Senate at least try to explain the rules to him before punishing him. But sure, not a bad premise.
Hahahaha what? I think you know exactly what I mean and you're being tedious because you don't have an argument. You cannot be *respected* as a man. You cannot be *appreciated* as a man. You cannot be a *real* man." Please don't waste my time by whining "But-but-but, *all* men are real men." You know what I mean. You know it's very real.
Wrong. There's no reason I need to equate them. The exact same principles apply, regardless of whether the idea is objective or subjective.
Uh, yeah? Do you think men enjoy watching gay men being gay? I know lots of *Redditors* probably do.
No. They would still control the frequency. Even if that frequency isn't making them money, it's still a valuable asset. There's utterly no reason why they would or should surrender it for free. Who do they pass it on to? The highest bidder.
Nobody's 'freaking out.' I don't know where you got that very silly idea. I don't want to see it. Simple as that. Nothing more, nothing less.
That' is really just completely stupid. Characters matter. They are not blank cardboard cutouts merely to carry a story.
Pressing a button on a plastic controller is your idea of 'freaking out,' huh?
How completely laughable. Tell me. When you're at a restaurant and someone orders "One cheeseburger, no tomatoes please," do you immediately start getting excited about how they're 'freaking out' over tomatoes? Does it make you mad that people take the time and effort to say two whole words? "No tomatoes" instead of just accepting tomatoes? Or maybe you think they're *afraid* of tomatoes? That's why they're trying to so hard to avoid them? They just need to 'man up' and eat those tomatoes?
And why is that, exactly? Wait. I know. Because a good little 'woke' modern male of 2020 loves watching gay men being gay. Isn't that right? Yes. Who knows if he likes tomatoes, but we all know he loves watching gay men being gay. Correct?
Uh, no, no, no. See, if I don't like tomatoes, I can accept them. I have no problem with people growing tomatoes, people eating tomatoes, people writing recipes with tomatoes. I'm not trying to remove tomatoes from the Earth. See, that's acceptance. Accepting that tomatoes exist. But see, that's still a very different thing from ordering tomatoes on my hamburger. Those two things are very different. Do you see how those two things are very different? Do you see how I'm paying money for the product? That's not just accepting tomatoes. That's deciding to pay money for a product that includes them. Two very different things. I accept tomatoes. I'm not spending my limited time and money on a product that includes them.
They don't have to run it. They just have to stop other people from using it. Simply running a flat tone would only be a fraction of the regular operating costs. Or, they might accept losing money for the time being, so they can make a profit later on when, again, their asset is purchased by the highest bidder. Even if they can't continue running the station and can't go into debt, who is best equipped to actually take over when they fail? The party willing to spend the most money preparing. The highest bidder.
Like I said. I'm okay with gays who are well-behaved. What I don't see doesn't hurt me, right? I'm not a sadist. I don't really want to see ugly people kissing in stories or in real life either. It's generally not their fault, and I'm not here to attack what they do behind closed doors.
The industry went through a bit of a 'No HUD' phase in the late 2000s. The trend was pretty much dropped, presumably because developers released it wasn't that great of an idea. I really think I would rather have a minimap with a path than an arrow superimposed on the road.
This is completely wrong and completely retarded. There are more games than ever before keeping players around for a long period. I would even say that is the most defining trend at the moment. Games meant to be played for long, long periods, and being supported for long, long periods. It's becoming normal for AAA games to receive DLC more than a year after release. Look at Skyrim. Fallout. GTA. Red Dead. League of Legends. Rainbow Six. Overwatch. Hearthstone. Destiny. Monster Hunter.
&gt; Our government is fueled by one thing, and one thing only: Greed. Greed creates power. Power creates domination. Domination creates submission. Submission provides income to fuel the greed. &gt; Do you think for a moment that the government truly cares about the individual? I certainly hope not. To the powerful corporations that control the actions of the government, we are simply one number amongst many. We are one grain of sand on an endless beach whose sole purpose is to provide the government with more money. What a delightfully optimistic little fantasy.
Everything is political. We all like to think everyone else's beliefs are scheming, compromising 'politics' and *our* beliefs are just roll-up-our-sleeves common sense.
&gt; America is one of the most pro-gun nations on Earth so getting an armed mass of people ready to fight for the revolution isn't going to be difficult. I think you are very, very, very seriously overestimating how many of these people would be willing to fight for a socialist cause. &gt; but as we've seen the US military can be surprisingly ineffective at winning decisive victory against a technologically inferior enemy Nah. Perhaps the US military has been ineffective against enemies that have either hidden behind civilians the US is unwilling to target or have had the support of a superpower. (And even that is dubious.) I don't think a socialist revolution would have either of those incredible advantages.
How are goods limited by something other than labor distributed? Let us suppose society has decided, say, pollution from passenger airlines is harmful and should be capped. The number of airline tickets available is therefore limited to less than the amount that would be "purchased" otherwise. How are these limited tickets distributed? First come, first serve? Randomized lottery? Either way, the winners have a good that has a false "official value" of 'X labor hours' but a real value that is higher.
&gt; But let's take your example and apply it to limited seats in a theatre, you obviously can't trade them because labour vouchers aren't transferable. Can't trade what? The theater seats? Sure you can. Not for labor vouchers. For other goods. I have tickets to the theater that I "purchased" at their 'official' objective value of 5 labor hours, but in reality have a value of 10. I trade them to my friend for 10 labor hours worth of oranges. We both have an incentive to ignore the false official valuations.
&gt; That said, I'm not exactly sure what incentive your friend would have to trade something that took them 10 hours of work to acquire for something that would have taken them 5 hours of work. Why didn't they just get half the oranges and a movie ticket from the start? The exact same reason why Venezuelans are willing to buy toilet paper and baby formula at the high black market price instead of the low 'official' price. Because the good isn't actually available, or consistently available, at the low price. &gt; Nothing about labor vouchers requires that they be non-transferrable or that you cannot trade the goods which are accounted for by them... The person I originally replied to disagrees. He was very clear that he imagines a system where labor vouchers cannot be traded or accumulated. &gt; "Buying dear and selling high" as it were, is not a mechanism by which capital can be developed alone. It would be private capital and not social capital. That is to say, it would not be capable of physically producing material wealth, but it would still allow the private owner to use it to produce a revenue for himself without labor.
If you actually think that, you're getting way too much of your information about how the world works from television.
I completely missed it. I have to really squint to see it now, honesty.
&gt; If the good isn't available how did the other guy get it to trade? Why wouldn't we just produce more toilet paper? I explained this in my first comment. This situation would occur when the production of a good is limited by something other than labor. And yet since the distribution is based on labor in this labor voucher system, the quantity demanded exceeds the quantity supplied. There's a shortage, and the goods must be distributed by something like a randomized lottery. In other words, the goods aren't consistently available at the low official price. &gt; It wouldn't be capital, period....Profit derived from exchange alone, however, does not create any new wealth. I specifically brought up the distinction between social and private capital to acknowledge this concern. Yes. Private capital cannot *produce* material wealth (at least, not directly), it can only generate wealth for a private individual or group, not society as a whole. Hence the term. An investment bank that pretty much just moves money around, producing no material wealth, is perfectly capable of generating a revenue for its owners and employees.
&gt; Such as? Such as a scenario where passenger airline tickets are capped to limit pollution. Tickets for seats at a popular venue. Housing in a desirable location. Any good whose production is limited by a natural resource. &gt; You know, like how companies sell products for money... until they run out. Yes, the difference is companies today generally have the ability to adjust prices to prevent this from happening. &gt; In either case, it's not particularly an issue It is an issue, because it contradicts the purpose of the labor voucher system. The purpose of labor vouchers - as opposed to the modern system of money - is that labor and labor alone is the source of revenue for citizens, correct? (Obviously excluding welfare and so forth.) A producer can make a good that requires 3 hours of labor, submit it 'officially,' and receive 3 labor voucher-hours. Or he can make the good unofficially for the same 3 hours of labor, and trade it for a good that costs 6 labor voucher-hours.
&gt; In your example, the work of leaving the desert to get water is obviously burdensome, so the local price of the bottle can still be framed in terms of labour while also accounting for local variance. Nope. Lots of goods in certain markets require burdensome transportation, import processes, and so forth. None of them approach the value a man dying of thirst might very easily place on a bottle of water in the desert. Suppose the man in the desert is 12 hours walking distance from civilization. Even if we're considering the absolutely ridiculous example that bottles of water can only be delivered by hand and can only be delivered one at a time, a bottle of water is still only 24 labor hours, (plus the trivial cost of the bottle of water itself, within civilization.) A few hundred dollars, maybe a thousand at most. Yet we can very easily imagine a dying man would be willing to pay, $10,000, $100,000, $1,000,000 for that one bottle of water. The labor explanation is clearly insufficient.
Do you think Marx's conception is true? If so, do you have an explanation for why things like deposits of natural resources and virgin land and so forth often have high prices across the market?
How can they both be true? The input of socially necessary labor of a good and the equilibirium of the good's supply and demand of a good very often are not the same.
Nobody argues that useless labor creates value.
Yes, that is a much more powerful criticism.
I don't know who this guy is, or where he's getting his numbers, or how he's looking at them, but, to my knowledge, his conclusion is in contradiction to most empirical economists. My understanding is that it's generally agreed that the profits of various industries and their labor-intensiveness does *not* generally support the labor theory of value. From Wikipedia: "The Marxist labor theory of value has been criticised on several counts. Some argue that it predicts that profits will be higher in labor-intensive industries than in capital-intensive industries, which would be contradicted by measured empirical data inherent in quantitative analysis. This is sometimes referred to as the 'Great Contradiction'" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labor_theory_of_value#Criticisms I have to wonder, how does this model account for the purchase of either virgin land or land intended for new construction? It seems to be, there should be at least one point that's high up on one axis, and close to zero on the other.
I took a look at the 'Uk.xls' table and created the graph in his video, but without a log-log axis. It's not quite as clean. You can see it [here](https://imgur.com/m0Cgq2f), with the oil industry point on the far left. Using the CORREL function in excel, I also took a look at the industry output in 1984, comparing the 'Compensation of Employees' row (Row 43) with the 'Gross Output' row (Row 48.) The correlation I got was only 84.5%, not 95.5% as in the youtube video. I'm frankly not much of a statistician, so I can't comment too much about what the actually means, but it's if nothing else a significant difference.
Could you give me of a brief explanation of how that works?
This is an absolutely mess of a comment, and I don't feel like pointing out all your observations and conclusions are wrong when they are really irrelevant to the real point, so I'm going to skip addressing 90% of what you said. &gt; I don't see how any of these are limited by something other than labor. A desirable neighborhood can only house a finite amount of people. Do you understand this? People want to live in *that* neighborhood. A popular show that only preforms at one theater has a certain number of seats. People want to see *this* show. Not another one that's maybe kind of like it. A cap on production is just that - a cap. That fact that it's possible to expand the cap is irrelevant. I do not need to prove that society should never, ever, ever *have* a cap on production with a firm number attached to it, just because you can note that it's possible to expand the cap. That is ridiculous. &gt; What I'm not following is why the person with whom he trades performed 6 hours of labor to be issued 6 hours of vouchers, only to trade the vouchers for something which they could have produced in 3 hours of labor instead. I have thoroughly explained this. No, they *personally* probably could not do it in three hours. If a tailor is trading a shirt that took six hours to make, in exchange for a collection of sweets from a baker that only took three hours to make, no, that does not at all mean the tailor is stupid because, he, personally, could have just made the sweets in three hours himself. He would not necessarily have any of the equipment. He would not necessarily have any clue how to bake things. So no, the tailor could not personally just decide to bake the sweets himself. So why does he do it? As I have now explained I believe three times, because the good is not consistently available. I think I will repeat that in nice bold letters. **Because the good is not consistently available.** In this particularly case, let us imagine there is a shortage of strawberries. Lots and lots and lots of people like strawberry pastries. Only a limited number of strawberry pastries can be made. How are the small number of pastries available distributed to the large number of people that want them? It might be first come, first serve. It might be a randomized lottery. Either way, as I will once again repeat, the good is not consistently available. The tailor would rather pay a higher price for a certain and immediately available good, with the ability to buy as much as he wants, than a lower price for a good that he might have to wait for, might not get at all, and will almost certainly be limited in how many he can buy. Is this simple enough? &gt; what does it matter? It isn't obvious? Person A wants to exchange six hours worth of labor vouchers every day for other goods. So he works for six hours producing a good, receives - naturally - 6 labor-voucher hours for his six hours of labor. Person B also wants the same amount of goods each day. But instead of working six hours each day, he only works three hours. He then ignores the labor voucher system, and exchanges his product directly with someone else, getting a good that took six hours to produce. Person B did not work any hard, or more skillfully. Yet he was able to spend half the time working, and receive the same product in exchange. (Yes. In exchange. You complaints about production supposedly being for 'use' were just ridiculous.) And now I will just repeat a part of my last comment. The purpose of labor vouchers - as opposed to the modern system of money - is that labor and labor alone is the source of revenue for citizens. Yes. This absolutely does contradict the purpose of the labor voucher system. Also, you might want to note how I very clearly wrote '*as opposed* to the modern system of money.'
Fundamentally, the obliteration of the concept of the value. And while I'm not typically very fond of 'human nature' arguments, value is a crucial component to human thought and rationality.
I know I'm being very silly bothering to point this out on Reddit, but the primary purpose of these policies is to try and ensure there's a plentiful and affordable food supply. I'm sure there are substantial arguments whether or not it works. But the idea that big corporate farms are getting briefcases full of money for literally no reason - just because the US government likes to give evil corporate people money - is moronic.
Source?
I did that before I asked I you. I used the term "world bank fertilizer subsides." I saw absolutely nothing in the first four pages of results indicating the World Bank is or was "punishing" third world countries for using fertilizer subsides.
Ehh...these are far more focused on morals than economics. Which kind of goes to show how pathetic the typical criticism of Rand is. Howard Roark, the protagonist of *The Fountainhead* (and who is unabashedly portrayed as the Ideal Man) is an absolute aversion of the 'Evil Capitalist Who Defines Money As The Sole Virtue And Pursues Profit Above All Else.' The *central conflict* of the story is Roark's struggle to preserve the integrity of his work in a world of compromise, when at any time he could very easily submit and gain great money and (superficial) respect. This is not some hidden little analogy that must be extracted from reading in between the lines - it's absolutely explicit. This is a book that belongs at the top of the list of works arguing *against* the idea that 'Money is Everything.'
No. Pretty much everybody agrees that Adam Smith was very wrong about some crucial things. (Which, of course, does not diminish his great contribution.) Adam Smith is fine to read, but it should not be what people *start* with, unless it's a heavily annotated version that points out "This is considered wrong, and this is why"
What is drivel?
Are you saying I wrote something amounting to nothing?
How does a hypothetical socialist society handle a common resource to avoid this problem?
You know, if you have to resort to wasting my time with inane bullshit like this, I'm just going to assume you're clueless. What does a socialist society do differently then a capitalist society, to avoid this problem which might occur in a capitalist society? Let me repeat that in nice bold letters for you. What does a socialist society differently then a capitalist society, to avoid this problem **which might occur in a capitalist society**?
The government doing things is not socialism.
I think I will just repeat exactly what I just said. The government doing things is not socialism.
I think collaborated to *advertise* it is better. I very much doubt he 'collaborated' to *create* anything.
You're almost certainly kidding yourself about how 'bleak' this story actually is. Writers write superficially 'bleak' stories and audiences enjoy them for one reason. One reason. Because they like it. Because they're delighted and entertained by all the death and 'darkness' and 'pessimism.' This sort of fiction is not, in fact, 'pessimistic' in the slightest. At least not the stories that become popular. Genuine pessimism would bore and frustrate and sadden audiences, and that's not what any person spends their limited time and money on.
I don't understand. What's the problem, then? If all this system does is hurt most people, it sounds like it should be incredibly easy to turn people against it. Why haven't socialists managed to accomplish such an easy thing?
What propaganda, exactly? There's no end of propaganda for companies and products, of course. But I don't think that's the same thing as propaganda for a economic system.
No, I think you're wrong. I think what you actually like is '*pretend* cynicism.' This is exactly what Game of Thrones is, from the beginning. These stories are, in reality, extremely *optimistic* moral fantasies.
Really? Now, how is that, exactly?
Really? You know, you're talking about 'dark' stories like it's a flavor of ice cream. Are you sure the 'darkness' you like in stories really has anything to do with actual depression? Depression isn't a flavor of ice cream, is it? It's not a fun little adventure.
Do you mean his eyes are working? Because if not, it should probably be "Yeah, I can see that."
What hypocrisy would that be?
Scientists have confirmed that female breasts are inherently sexual to men. They've studied men in many cultures, including pre-literate cultures with no exposure to advertising and pornography and so forth, using eye tracking studies and other methods.
More or less, yes.
Beards are not inherently sexual. A bunch of men growing beards in effort to "entice women" doesn't count for much. Breasts are.
Actually I can. That's exactly the point of studies I mentioned in my original post: To find out which characteristics are inherently sexual. Did you see where I mentioned those studies?
Boy, I have no doubt many men would love to *think* their beards are "inherently sexual." Do you have evidence to support this beyond the fact that men have beards and women don't?
Yes. I'm suggesting that. I'm suggesting that women do not, in fact, universally get turned on when they see a beard. Do you know of any evidence suggesting otherwise?
It's not my job to prove a negative. If you want to assert something, it's your job to have evidence, not mine. Your characterization of sexual traits is incorrect. You've simply assumed that sexual traits are inherently arousing without anything to back to it up.
Nope. &gt; It is logically fair for me to assume women find facial hair inherently sexy, based on the fact that it’s suggest sexual maturity. I think I'll just repeat what I said in my previous comment. Your characterization of sexual traits is incorrect. You've simply assumed that sexual traits are inherently arousing without anything to back to it up.
What is your source that the printing press was declared blasphemy by the church?
Do you think anybody here on any side admires big corporations peddling 'wokeness'? I really wish it *was* a waste of marketing, but unfortunately, these advertisements are created by professionals who wouldn't use them if they didn't work.
Can you cite an actual history textbook that covers the 1960's that ignores the USSR's accomplishments or claims the USA 'won' the space race?
Ha ha! I like how we know they're bad people because they're supposedly so fat and ugly.
Do you have anything in mind of what "really happened" beyond "White people killed all the Indians"?
So do we "hear about this often," or don't we? Because you seem to be thinking that you're some kind of dangerous rebel who is suggesting we talk about some forbidden taboo topic, right? We have to make sure this knowledge isn't "forgotten." But that's incredible laughable, isn't it? Not only do basic history classes thoroughly cover this, it's a topic that's utterly *adored* by popular culture.
Okay then. What is the socialist definition of value and how is it determined?
"Tacio"?
Not the "use value" and not the "exchange value." The value. Does unqualified value not exist for socialists? Also, I would really prefer you not use silly phrases like "twilight character." That's just unnecessary nonsense, don't you agree? Let's keep this as simple and straightforward as possible.
I was under the impression that Marxists and socialists advocated the Labor Theory of Value. Not the Labor Theory of *Exchange* Value, or the Labor Theory of *Use* Value, but the Labor Theory of Value. Which quality is the LTV referring to, exactly, if unqualified 'value' is nonexistent?
I see. So, as you have defined exchange value as "the equilibrium price of a reproducible type of commodity," you are saying that the prices of commodities are determined by their labor input (or more precisely, average socially necessarily labor input.) Is this correct?
And what about commodities where this is clearly not the case? For example, 50 year old wine having far higher prices than 1 year old wine.
How can a cost of storage have an effect? That cost isn't a labor cost. Doesn't this contradict the LTV, which states that the prices of commodities are determined by socially necessary labor time?
What labor?
Not very useful to either of us, since we can only make guesses as to what this person spends his time on. Perhaps we should look at this from another angle. Are you saying the prices of goods is equal to the total price of all the labor needed to produce those goods?
This seems to directly contradict what you earlier said is the LTV. This says the value of this commodity is £600, Where is the £600 of socially necessary labor input? It quite obviously cannot be the *cost* of labor, since the entire cost of production is only £500. If it's some value of labor that is higher than the cost...why? What determines this value of labor? Why do producers decide to sell at this cost, and buyer decide to buy at this cost? How do they even know what it is?
Is the Labor Theory of Value true, or is it not? You said the LTV means that the prices of goods (the "exchange value") is based solely upon the socially necessary labor to produce those goods, aside from some fluxuations from supply and demand not "canceling out" Now, it sounds like you're saying that no, this isn't true, the price will be higher because of "surplus value"?
And how do you know what the value of the labor is? In this case, how do you know that the value of the shoes is 8 hours just because they take 8 hours to produce?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmonic_series_(mathematics)
Firstly, that's not true at all. There's all sorts of things we can quantitatively compare. We can compare how scarce commodities are. We can compare the cost of the production (Which has costs beyond labor.) We can compare their price. But secondly, we cannot just assume that because something cannot have a number attached to it, it must be economically irrelevant. The taste of an apple vs. an orange is not quantitative, but we cannot assume it therefore has no bearing on the economic decision of whether someone will choose to buy one or the other.
It does not stand. Just becomes the terms of a series approach zero, you cannot assume they "eventually make no difference" and therefore cause the series to converge.
Where is your evidence? *Why* is the LTV true? It's not true because labor is uniquely quantitative. (And even if it was, that wouldn't be enough.) So why?
Why does this say "during a protest in Boston" instead of "during the Boston Massacre"? Is it because most people know the 'Boston Massacre' really wasn't much of a massacre at all?
What is the meaning value in the LTV?
Sorry, what "false nostalgia" would this be, exactly?
That's a delightfully optimistic fantasy.
I see. And what would it take to make everyone *actually* equal?
Or, you can just be smart and lie your ass off, since there's pretty much nothing they can do to verify if your 'Extracurriculars' are real or total bullshit.
How exactly do people on social media "suppress" news? Did they hack your little computer and force you to stop visiting news websites? You *wanted* news, but you just couldn't get it because of those mean ol' people on social media forcibly taking it away from you?
...Dammit. Alright, I'll give you that one. Sarcasm can be a little tough to detect on Reddit these days.
Not at all. Proper value is the importance of an asset to a person's or group of people's economic condition. The benefit a person receives from obtaining an asset that they otherwise would not enjoy, or, equivalently, the loss they suffer from losing an asset that they otherwise would avoid. Which is not the same thing as what must be given up to acquire the asset. This definition is incompatible with the LTV. Together, they predict that people very frequently and knowingly make choices that harm their economic condition. What is your explanation why someone would spend a great deal of money on land, that, with a supposed "value" of zero, and which therefore gives them zero benefit they would otherwise not enjoy (in accordance with the definition of value I just gave)?
&gt; Economic decisions and therefore the economic worth of a good is measured against costs. ...Yes, that is correct. Cost is also a value, so it's a comparison of which value is higher. &gt; It doesn't matter if I think the benefit I receive from buying a Ferrari is greater than the $300K+ I would need to give up for it if I don't have $300K+. Yes, this is also true. If you can't get something, you can't get it. Walking in the desert and dying of thirst and being willing to pay $10 million for a bottle of water does you no good if there's nobody willing to sell it to you. That is true. ...What do you think is supposed to disprove about my definition of value?
I do. And what is the Marxist definition of value?
Do you propose that purchased land has zero "importance, worth, or usefulness"?
In the sense that a person is benefited by owning it, compared to not owning it.
In any sense. This is the reason why people buy things and produce things, isn't it now? Because those things benefit them.
Are you saying this because you know it's true, or because it's what you've seen on television?
Do you? You're lived right in the middle of what the USA is doing in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and "every other place" the USA conducts any kind of business? My goodness, you must be quite a world traveler.
Yes, but these are a minority of economic decisions. People can and do make decisions that give them a result of lower value than the could have gotten, for reasons of charity, friendship, culture, and so forth. But the vast majority of economic decisions are made to improve the decision-maker's economic condition. In general, people make the choice that gives them the most value. Do you dispute this? If so, what is the basis that people make their economic decisions upon? Do you deny that people want to be economically better off? Do you propose that people are either indifferent to their economic condition, or deliberately want it to stay the same or be worse, instead of being better? Do you propose that these decisions are systemically irrational for individuals who want to be economically better off? That no rational individual wishing to be economically better off would ever agree to buy land, for example, or that no individual would ever agree to take out a loan? If people aren't willing to buy land just because they either want to be economically worse off or don't care about being economically worse off, and they aren't willing to buy land because they're too stupid to understand that buying land inherent makes them economically worse off...why are they willing to buy it? Do you have any explanation other than these decisions tend to improve the economic condition of the people who make them? And if that's true - if people do in fact generally make economic decisions to rationally improve their economic condition - what criteria do you suggest people use to judge how much a choice improves their economic condition, beyond the definition of value I gave? '**The benefit a person receives from obtaining an asset that they otherwise would not enjoy, or, equivalently, the loss they suffer from losing an asset that they otherwise would avoid'**? If this is not the criteria, then what is?
Why would the supposed people in ivory towers be joyous about the collapse of the society that put them in ivory towers?
I wonder, does that apply to all those loser Native Americans? There's no place for losers in this country, right?
&gt; It shouldn't be this impossible for my culture to come up in conversation past Halloween costumes in 2016 and a fucking oil pipe. &gt; It's fucking exhausting watching my culture die. I'm sure it is. We know sympathy only goes so far, right? And that's not very far at all. Enough for people to make sad little internet comments. Not enough for them to do any work. Let me ask you, do you think you have any hope at all of connecting real positive ideas to your culture in the popular consciousness. Not just *sympathetic* ideas, but positive, attractive ideas that make people care about something. Look at the popular perception of French, for example. French is sexy, French is glamorous, French is elegant, French is scientific. French is romantic. People don't feel sorry for French, they *want* French. Do you think you have any hope of achieving something similar? Because, frankly, I really don't think you do.
I know. Let's all sing the Very Sorry Song. I'm sure that will make you feel better. Ready? *Here's the Very Sorry Song!* *Won't you help me sing along*? *We blew it!* (They're sorry) *We knew it!* (So sorry!) *We're very, very sorry that we took your precious laaaaaaaaand!* (Just don't do it any more you scurvy scalawaaaaaaaaaag!) There. We sung the Very Sorry Song. Don't you feel better now that we sung the Very Sorry Song?
Hmmm. What about the American Involvement in Afghanistan? Was that for oil?
Why would the CIA produce opioid drugs?
Which American pharmaceutical companies produce products made from Afghani opium?
The Washington Post, the New York Times, and the Los Angeles Times all conducted their own investigations into the allegations of the CIA selling crack cocaine in American cities. [All three dismissed them as without evidence.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIA_involvement_in_Contra_cocaine_trafficking#Coverage_in_other_papers)
Hmm. Can you copy and paste the "Yes, the CIA trafficked cocaine to secretly raise cash, and here's the proof" part? I don't see that part.
Yes, it absolutely is. Seditious speech is permitted as long as it doesn't incite imminent lawless action.
Just to be clear, British citizens are free to use as much so-called "hate speech" as they want, without fear of any legal repercussions?
And what would those be?
I've heard (or rather, read) here and there that legislators in Canada have been advocating making the act of "misgendering" someone a criminal offense. Can you shed any light on that?
Okay. What else?
It wouldn't surprise you if rejecting "transgenderism" became illegal? That doesn't sound like a society with very free speech to me.
Would "hate speech" that does not incite an immediate crime be a criminal offense, for violating the "reputation and rights" of certain groups?
Could you elaborate?
&gt; So the amount of money I'm paying in premiums is more than I'm likely to get back in an incident on average. This is true. The key to understanding this is one of the absolute most important concepts in economics: Marginal value. Let's say you have $500,000 in wealth. Someone offers you a game based on a coin flip. 50% chance to win, 50% chance to lose. If you win, you get another $510,000. You will now have $1,010,000. But if you lose, you lose everything. You lose your house, your lose your car, you lose every penny in your bank account. You will have absolutely nothing. Would you take this bet? I think you would have a difficult time finding someone who would, even though the bet has a positive [expected value.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expected_value) Does this mean that people are just stupid and irrational? That a purely rational person would always accept this bet, because they're, on average, likely to have more money? Nope. It is absolutely rational not to accept this game. The reason is that the $500,000 you are risking has **more value** than the $510,000 you might win, even though it's **less** money. Why? **Because humans always prioritize their wealth to its most important and urgent uses.** The 'first' $500,000 has a higher value because it's used to satisfy far more important and urgent wants than the 'second' $510,000. If you lose the first $500,000 and have nothing left, you lose the most basic and important necessities of life. You have nothing left. You're begging for food. You're begging for a place to sleep. However, if you "lose" the $510,000, and now just have $500,000 instead of $1,010,000, what do you have to give up? Maybe you don't buy a second car, and have to live with just one car. Maybe you have to be more careful about taking fancy vacations two or three times a year. The actual suffering you would have to endure is far, far, far less *because* - even though $510,000 is more money than $500,000 - it's prioritized to far less important uses. The economist Böhn-Bawerk gives us this example: Suppose a man lives alone in the forest, far from civilization and is therefore unable to trade and completely self-reliant. The man has harvested five large identical sacks of wheat. The first sack of wheat will allow him to make enough bread to keep himself alive. The second sack allows him to make all the bread he wants. He uses the third sack to feed his animals. The fourth sack is used to make whiskey. And because he cannot think of anything better to do with the fifth sack, he uses it to feed to the birds. What is the value of each sack of wheat? What is the importance of the fifth sack of wheat to the man – or in other words, what benefit does it bring him? It brings him the pleasure of feeding the birds. Why? Because humans always prioritize their wealth to its most important and urgent uses. If the man loses one sack of wheat, he will not give up the bread he needs to survive, feed for his animals, or whiskey. He will always prioritize the remaining four sacks to their most important and urgent uses and give up the *least* valuable use of the wheat. This least valuable use of one sack of wheat – feeding the birds – is the real and material gain of having five sacks of wheat instead of four, or the real and material loss of having four sacks of wheat instead of five. It is therefore the *value* of the fifth sack of wheat. Likewise, if the man has only four sacks of wheat, what benefit does the fourth sack provide him and therefore what value does it have to him? Again, if the man loses one sack of wheat, he will not give up the bread he eats or feed for his animals. He will always give up the *least* valuable use of the wheat. This least valuable use of one sack of wheat – making whiskey – is the real and material gain of having four sacks of wheat instead of three, or the real and material loss of having three sacks of wheat instead of four. It is therefore the value of the fourth sack of wheat. And now we see that despite being *physically identical* – sacks of wheat have greater value as they become scarcer, because they are prioritized towards progressively more important and urgent uses. Finally, let us the consider the state of the man when he only has one sack of wheat. This is the wheat he uses to keep himself alive. Now, this asset is prioritized towards the most important and urgent use of all – survival. The difference between this one sack of wheat and nothing is the difference between life and death, and therefore this one sack is worth the man’s life.
You mean like, a very wealthy person with 100 valuable diamonds in 100 different places? In this case, no. It would probably be smarter to not purchase insurance and take the risk.
You repeated what he said and then said "No, that's not how it works" as if you said something different. Yes. Car insurance, on average, costs more than it pays. That is how insurance works. That is how insurance companies make money.
As opposed to all the other political content on r/all that isn't just circlejerk propaganda?
Cute. But of course, airlines should be overbooking. Not doing so would be a senseless waste.
Your OP is very misleading. What the article actually says is "US census of agriculture statistics show a 44.7% decrease in black farm operators **in Iberia parish** – where the Provosts live – between 2007 and 2012, compared with a 12.3% decrease in white farm operators." Which lending practices are you talking about?
&gt; How about the fact that they were sued multiple times previously and lost? Who is "they"? First Guaranty Bank? &gt; How about where the bank ordered him not to grow as much, killing his income and then taking his equipment when he defaulted do to their interference? I think you should learn some of very basics of how a bank works, bro. Because this is just kind of laughable. You say "ordered" as if the bank said "NO!!! You're not *allowed* to grow this much! If you do, we'll come over to your house and destroy it!" (For apparently no reason, of course) Which is completely silly, don't you agree? It's completely silly, bro. As I said and will now repeat for you, not being willing to give someone as big of a loan as they "need" is not a crime, nor is it necessarily discrimination. The bank is not "forcing" you to buy a small house because they won't give you money for a big one. Banks are not babysitters. It's not their job to take care of you.
But as mad as that might make you, it's not a crime, is it now? The bank has utterly zero obligation to give you a loan on whatever terms you like. Are you enraged at a bank behaving exactly like a bank behaves, and is 100% legally allowed to behave? &gt; Yes. First Guaranty Bank has been sued before for exactly the same thing these farmers are claiming and the bank lost. I don't think I saw this in the article. Where is it?
Perhaps. They're both inferior to the Positive Theory of Capital, though.
And I know asking this is such a silly waste of time, but do you see any actual evidence to support that?
What sort of products from peanuts and sweet potatoes did he develop that were manufactured on a mass scale?
I read the article. It's pretty much the same thing I've always read. 'Hundreds of uses' for the peanuts. I decided it's time to dig a little deeper. Facts and evidence, you know. Facts and evidence. How many of these 'hundreds of uses' were actually effective? Practical? Are any of them used today? What are some of them?
I don't know what "repping" means. Can you use proper English?
Which countries do you think aren't capitalist?
Of these countries, which have obliterated the private ownership of capital, the system of money and markets, the exchange of labor for wages, and the banking and investment system?
When and where was capitalism crushed by feudalism?
A lot of Redditors are enraged at the police, and adore the idea that if they are 'punished' with less funding for being bad, they'll start behaving and all these problems will go away. That's about it.
It's moronic either way.
Do you think that people posting things on Facebook you don't like is "election cheating"?
I understand it makes you very angry. But, really, we're bombarded by coordinated efforts to influence our political thinking every day. Do you really have some little fantasy that was invented in 2016 by scary evil Russians? And in any case, free speech is free speech.
It's not wild at all. I just don't really see why I'm supposed to be enraged about entities in other countries doing it, when I'm bombarded by American entities doing it openly and shamelessly, all the time, every day.
You're not man enough. You're not enough of a man. You don't have what it takes.
Really? I thought Reddit adored traitors. Half the people here seem to have a creamy wet fantasy of the United States being violently destroyed. How many of those people are Americans themselves?
Interesting. Now, where would all the minority owners of capital be?
Listen, I'm trying to help. That's what I'm trying to do. I'm telling you, you're not man enough. You're not. You don't have what it takes. You're gonna fold. You're gonna crumple up. This ain't for you. It's better for you to stay down, stay quiet, stay docile. You're not man enough for this. Docile is the name of the game, you feel me? That needs to be your motto. Docile.
Right, so all these minority owners of capital are totally cool with losing with property, right? Ooooh, I know why. Those minorities - they've just got a funky-fresh wokeness in their veins, ain't that right? They're just too hippity-hoppity for capitalism, yeah? Yeah, that's it. They're gonna drop a mad beat for socialism, you feel me?
Don't forget that you have to take it apart every 6 months or so and replace the water or it will start growing mold.
1. False 2. Hmmm...I think the correct answer is 'False,' but the explanations of the LTV I've seen have been so garbled and contradictory that's it hard to say. Mainly because I've yet to see a clean, clear definition of what, plain and simply, is the so-called 'Value' in the LTV. Still, false. 3. True. 4. Kinda depends on what 'relevant' means, but true. The explanation I keep hearing is that supply and demand supposedly cause prices to "deviate" around some point of value, but that's it. 5. If we're talking about the LTV alone by itself, than false, I suppose? Although if we determine that labor is the sole conributor of value, the next obvious conclusion to make is that anyone makes a profit without labor must be stealing it somehow. 6. Again, if we're talking about the LTV alone by itself, than false, I suppose? Again, it we determine that workers are being stolen from, it's the obvious conclusion to make is that workers shouldn't be stolen from. 7. I guess, technically, false? 8. True. 9. False.
That was a typo. It should have been "Do you deny that *people* want to be economically better off?" &gt; Yes, because they improve their condition (benefit them) in some other sense than economic. This is utter nonsense. The reason why economic phenomena exist is to satisfy real and material human needs and desires. We drink water because are thirsty. We desire beautiful things because we enjoy beauty. We build churches for spiritual benefits. The choice to buy a bottle of water, to purchase a work of art, to build a church are all economic decisions. Your idea of economics is apparently absurdly circular. Apparently, these are "non-economic" benefits. What, therefore, **is** an "economic benefit"? Making more money? The sole and only reason people care about money is to make more money, and the only reason they care about *that* money, is to make even more money? Ridiculous. These unquantifiable human needs and wants are the farthest thing possible from being "non-economic." They are the reason economic activity exists.
I wonder if "woke" people consider *The Wire* "woke."
If the IUPEC formula is the same, which is a formula that describes not only which atoms and so forth are present, but in what positions they are in, what kinds of bonds they have, etc.? No. Both chemicals will be exactly the same. Edit: The other poster correctly brought up different isotopes, which I don't think IUPEC covers. So if you used a process that produced compounds with certain isotopes, yes, they might be different.
I wonder, do you snivel this hard at works of fiction such as *the Wire*, since it apparently wasn't the "place" of the white creator to delve into the social themes of the ~75% black cast?
&gt; "free speech" is how Hitler gained followers and eventually got to power. Really? So you don't support democracy?
I can't tell if that little hashtag means your post is supposed to be sarcasm.
Oh, was that about "Research"? I don't remember seeing one thing about that in the OP at all. All I remember is the OP whining that it's not white people's "place" to talk about such issues. There was no qualification of doing 'research' or not. Maybe that was just something you didn't grasp? That's okay, I know logical thinking is the strong suit of very many people here. I keep my expectations nice and low for you.
"Problematic"?
Why not?
Do you know what public goods are?
I don't really feel like writing a bunch of paragraphs about excludability, rivilness, and externalities right now, so I'll give you the short version and say a public good is a good (or a bad) that we must share. We have no option of giving everyone a different good. For example, pollution. Everyone shares the same product. We don't have the ability to give clean air to people who want to pay for it, and dirty air to people who don't.
Really? I just logged onto The New York Times homepage, and read a story. about the protests. A story gushing over them as an "uprising" that is "taking on the establishment," full of "young demonstrators [who] have defined themselves as leaders." Thank you New York Times, for deciding for me that these protests are an "uprising" against the evil "establishment!" I like not having to think that myself. It's so much easier to just parrot what you've placed into my mouth. This is not the opinion section. It is the news section. I did not have to dig for it at all. Front page, June 11th 2020. Unfortunately that's all the examples I can give you since the NYT only allows me to view one article.
"Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's"?
&gt; when African people are casted they are painted as the bad guy in a film In American films? No, they really aren't.
In reality, the jury would rarely see or hear that. Because most defendents take the fifth amendment by not testifying at all.
It's not simplified. It's just very wrong.
Any thoughts on immigration? We know all about those articles claiming the first world desperately needs immigrants to compensate for a declining and aging population.
What exactly is this utopia we are "progressing" towards?
Maybe you're confusing Reddit with reality.
And what needs to change for that to happen?
Yes.
Let's try that again, with an actual answer this time. What "brutal religious repression," was that exactly? Were the Irish forbidden to go to church?
Which "Bourgeois interpretations" and incorrect assumptions did Böhm-Bawerk make, exactly?
Sorry, but your little hallucinations don't count as evidence. The one and only times I've made arguments that rely on "value" being the same as so-called "Exchanged value" has been when someone has explicitly claimed that "Exchange value" is the "value" referenced in the Labor Theory of Value. Which they have. Otherwise, no. My actual criticism against Marxist "value" is that - contrary to *actual* value - it is a fabricated idea, logically inconsistent, and has no presence in economic reality. Instead of third party quotes, can you show me the actual passage where Böhm-Bawerk comments on this “Great Contradiction” and supposedly confuses "Value" and "Exchange value"?
And is this true? Does the first volume of Capital contradict itself by saying this? Böhm-Bawerk says it does, and cites specific pages . &gt; "**From all this is derived the subject matter of the great "law of value," which is "immanent in the exchange of commodities" (I, 176, 184), and governs exchange relations. It states, and must state, after what has gone before, that commodities are exchanged in proportion to the socially necessary working time incorporated in them (I, 86). Other modes of expressing the same law are that "commodities exchange according to their values" (I, 177, 217; III, 221), or that "equivalent exchanges with equivalent" (I, 184, 217).**" I'm having some difficultly finding the passages he's referring. Perhaps you can do a better job?
&gt; Needs, desires and their fulfillment are individual concerns. Economy, by contrast is a social process and therefore dominated by social relations Incorrect. Value exists just the same for a Crusoe alone on an island as it does for a participant in the modern, interconnected economy. &gt; Nor will your viewing of the Mona Lisa improve your economic well-being even if it improves your mental or emotional well-being. Which again, fails to avoid an absurdly circular idea of economics? The only "economic" benefit that can exist is having money, which is only a benefit because it allows a person to make even more money, and so on and so on, completely divorced from any actual real and material human need and desire, since actually spending that money on anything would be a "non-economic" benefit? How silly. But also, completely irrelevant. I suggest you don't waste time writing a very tedious response to that, because I'm just going to ignore it. It's nothing more than, at best, an irrelevant quibble of diction. If you don't want to use the word "economic," we don't have to use the word economic. Value is the importance of a material asset to a person's condition. When people have a set of economic choices before them - and you can whine whether, say, building a house is a economic *benefit* or not, but it is irrefutably an economic *choice* - the choice they will pick if they want to improve their condition as much as they can- which is the case for most economic choices - will be the choice that provides them the most benefit that would otherwise go unsatisfied. Do you dispute this?
You mean, escort missions?
&gt; People on this subreddit display their whole gun collections in the same way people on r/guitarporn or r/vinyl display their hobbies. The fact is, guns should not be a hobby, Why?
&gt; But really... cherry-picking literal sentence fragments and weaving a narrative that is directly contradicted by Marx's own words in Volume 1 isn't anything compelling. Really? Putting aside the fact that we can't find the passages in question, your ultimate criticism of Böhm-Bawerk seems to be a rather irrelevant accusation of Marx contradicting himself - which may well be a goof of using the wrong term on either side - rather than the far more substantial examinations he's made. Is that "anything compelling"?
And what do you think we should do about that?
Prices and markets obviously do not exist on a deserted island. Value, as I've repeatedly defined it, absolutely exists. &gt; Yes, the choice that provides me the most benefit should be the one I choose if I want to get the most benefit from my choice. &gt; Thanks Captain Obvious. I'm delighted that you think so. This brings us back to the simple, easy question you've failed to answer again and again. What is Marxist "value"? When a self-intereested person or institution is willing to spend money on a piece of land with zero "value," why are they willing to do it? As we've just established, self interested people pick the choice the gives them the most benefit. Therefore, when self-interested people rationally decide to make the decision to buy land, that land must be providing them with a benefit, since we know they're giving up the benefit of the money they must spend. Yet the value of that land is supposedly zero. Even though we've established that land must be benefiting them somehow, else self-interested people would not be buying it. If "value" has no connection to the benefit that material assets provide to people, no connection to price...then what is it?
Boy, Reddit's really reached the point of "**Confederacy = Literally, Pure Evil**" and "**Union = Fighting for Love, Awesomeness, Tolerance and Hugs**," hasn't it? Such enlightened facts and knowledge.
This is what you call "questioning"? No. I think this is a just a silly little Reddit circlejerk of "Confederacy equals EEEEEVVVVVIIIL"
You're not bringing up anything at all that isn't 10,000% obvious to everyone. He fought for the Confederacy. The Confederacy supported slavery. Yes. Do you think there is a single person here that needs you to tell them that?
No, no, no, see, back-patting isn't questioning. Do you know what those two things are? Two *totally* different things. Believe me, you don't want questioning. You don't want thinking. You don't. You want back-patting. Actual questioning would bore you and frustrate you and enrage you. I'm totally big enough to admit that all this little back-patting can irritate me.
&gt; OK, so why should we accept that capitalism operates with the same subject/object relations as exist for a subsistence producer on a deserted island? Because we see people on deserted islands and people in interconnected economies follow the exact same "subject/object relations." &gt; No one disagrees that use-value exists It is not a supposed "use value." It is value. The value may come from either an intended personal use or intended exchange. &gt; Value (in the Marxian sense) is the socially necessary labor time required to produce a commodity. In a capitalist mode of production it can basically be thought of as the material (re)production cost of a fungible good. The first part is how value is supposedly *determined*. It does not tell me what value actually *is*. The second part is simply wrong. There are real and material "costs" to produce goods beyond labor. Nobody values or would value a field of tiny saplings the same as they value a mature forest. This is no "social construct." The 100 years it takes for that forest to grow is a real and material fact that no rational person can ignore. &gt; Unlike on your deserted island, producers in a captialist mode of production do not consciously plan production in accordance with their needs/want Yes, producers do exactly that. They consciously plan production in accordance with their wants and needs.
&gt; That is essentially the entirety of Bohm-Bawerk's critique of Marx Firstly, this is nonsense. Pretty much every time Böhm-Bawerk introduces a concept of his own, he goes into detail of why the concepts of other economists fail. &gt;When Marx in Vol I says "assume commodities sell at their values" Really? So Marx *does* say that? How much of Vol 1 is built on this so called "assumption" that commodities sell at their values?
Angry reactions to what?
Really? The people demanding that "vigilante justice" is the only acceptable action since the police are evil/corrupt/useless are the same people angry about support for BLM, a movement that more or less criticizes the police for being evil/corrupt/useless? Are you sure you have that right?
Except for a murder, you can usually prosecute the perpetrator. The perpetrators have all been gone for a long time. So what it is you suggest we actually do, beyond continue to whine about it?
Done. I acknowledge the tremendous benefit I've received from my white ancestors who, among many, many other things, conquered and replaced the natives of the American continent hundreds of years ago. How's that? I'm guessing you feel much better? That's yet another moral checkmark on my list. Now that that's out of the way, anything else?
Right, so I'm wondering what Step 2 is. It just feels so good to think about what a great moral person I am for acknowledging that. I'm patting myself on the back for that one, big time. in fact, [here's a picture of the oppressed minorities of the world thanking me for my wonderfulness.](https://mediadiversityuk.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/49563_600.jpg) ♪*There goes my Hero....Watch him as he goes!*♪
Was does Frankenstein do at all that's "heroic"?
What? No. I just said I acknowledged it. I acknowledged that I've benefited so much from my ancestors being explorers, warriors, scientists, inventors. and conquerors. Isn't that terrible? I just wish so badly they were more provincial, but...*tragic sigh*...that's just the horrible cross I have to bear.
Really? My goodness, I wonder why any community in the world has troubles, when the solution is so simple as to give them money and "more opportunities." And how much federal funds would that be?
He probably wasn't "ridiculed" for incorrectly calculating the circumfrance of Earth.
Oh, no doubt. But the question is, how *much* money? See, I think you might have a shallow view of how these things work, based far more on stereotypes than fact. An idea, probably, that these problems exist because all these evil, greedy white people in government hoard all the money for themselves and their rich white communities. And if these evil greedy white people just stopped being evil and greedy and started *sharing* these resources, all these troubled and impoverished communities would finally have a chance and soon we'd see equality. Because nobody's thought of that before. Would it surprise you to learn, for example, that nearly all states in the USA allocate more total funding per student to poor students than non-poor students. I bet it would surprise you. Source: https://apps.urban.org/features/school-funding-do-poor-kids-get-fair-share/
That's funny. I would think someone who "got into economics" would actually know what capitalism is.
Good. That seems like the best outcome.
That's still completely capitalism.
There's many disagreements of what the exact definition is, but the basic idea is that capital is material assets that are used or can be used to produce wealth, or make the production of wealth easier. Everyone agrees that tools, machines, and and certain buildings are capital. These are things that physically produce wealth. A machine in a factory might turn steel into a product, a bulldozer helps produce a building, a tractor helps to produce corn, and so forth. But that doesn't mean capital must be modern and complex. Things as simple as an axe, a basket, or a fishing net are also all capital. There are disagreements over whether things like money are capital. Money can certainly be used to produce wealth for individuals - you can invest money to produce more money - but money obviously cannot dig a hole, or melt steel, or plough a field. There's also disagreement whether land should be included as capital. Some people say that capital only includes things that are man-made, some don't.
In reality, corporate taxation in the United States is generally higher than in Europe.
A lot of things are "human nature." It's human nature to grab any piece of food we see that looks tasty. It's human nature to punch someone whenever we're angry. Part of being an adult in a civilized society is learning to control your impulses, whether they be "human nature" or not.
How about a fascist leader that peacefully wants to exclude minorities from their country?
By "authoritarians", you just mean people on the right, huh?
Anarcho-socialist, am I right? You know, let me ask you a question. My entire life, I've been surrounded by these "celebrate diversity!" posters. My entire life, you understand? All these little posters of white kids and brown kids and yellow kids holding hands with vapid smiles. Like cattle. All these corporate slogans and television advertisements doing the same. These days we have armies of 'Twitterers" armed with "wokeness." We have communities like Reddit that are largely gleefully eager to support and promote such efforts. And yet, for all those voices screaming in unison, they don't really seem to have been able to find anything to say at all. It's really all the same thing, right? We just have to stop *hating* people and start *loving* people. We just need to start *tolerating* people instead of *not tolerating people*. We just need *more diversity* instead of *less diversity*. Just screaming the same thing, right? Day after day. Year after year. That same little picture of the black child and the white child holding hands with vapid little smiles. What is your response to a person, or to a world, that just isn't impressed with that anymore? Is that the one and only thing you have to offer to their problems? Their frustrations? Their desires? Because I agree. I think if that's all you have...you're going to lose.
I was really talking about racial diversity. Not so much about economics.
It's bullshit advice. Disregard it.
Wrong. Everyone agrees that characters should not be Gods. They should not be katana experts, able to hack NASA computers, and theoretical physicists by age 8. Not being able to do all that is not a "flaw." Learn the difference.
See, this is exactly why this line of thinking fails so often. or one of the reason why. Writers end struggling to justify quirky bullshit as "flaws." How is Harry "unobservant"? He and his friends solve the mystery the adults miss. How is being "shy" a flaw? And can you actually even establish Harry is shy beyond what's perfectly normal for an 11 year old entering an entirely new world he knows nothing about? Can you actually show Harry being unsure of himself beyond what would be perfectly normal for an 11 year old who finds out magic exists and he's expected to learn it?
At least she's hot. Not as hot as Luna, obviously. But whatever.
My goodness. Are people aware of how fragile and insecure these displays of supposed "power" make them look?
I'm not British, but doesn't MI5 handle domestic threats, not MI6?
She's up there to. But you just can't beat a pale blonde with blue eyes. Unless you're a pale redhead with green eyes.
Have you actually read any Ayn Rand?
I can tell. Well, I didn't get very far into *Atlas Shrugged*, but I did read *the Fountainhead*. So let me clear up some very incorrect stereotypes for you. - Lots of people assume that Rand's philosophy was that money is the sole measure of morality and the sole determiner of moral truth. This is pretty much the complete opposite of the actual theme of the *The Fountainhead.* In reality, the central conflict of the book is the protagonist Howard Roark's struggle to preserve the integrity of his work in a world of compromise and sycophancy. He's a man who very easily *could* become rich and famous at any time, but chooses not do. - Charity is not portrayed as inherently stupid, weak, or silly. Howard Roark (who is very deliberately portrayed as the ideal man) takes a struggling sculpturer under his wing and financially supports him. The book does argue against the idea that every human has a inherent moral debt to others and a moral obligation to please them, but it does not argue that it's wrong or silly to help people if you choose to. - The "leaders" of the business world are largely portrayed pretty much as negatively as they are in any "anti-evil-capitalist" story. They're mostly a bunch of incompetent suck-ups who can't think for themselves and who have no virtue or integrity to do anything beyond what's most convenient for them at the moment.
Fun fact: Semen and vaginal secretions contain two chemicals appropriately called [Putrescine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Putrescine) and [Cadaverine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadaverine), two chemicals largely responsible for the "decay" small of decaying flesh and bad breath.
It gives you a bunch of resources when you start ME 2, so you have to spend less time planet scanning. I think 50,000 each? Which is quite a lot.
That depends. What don't you like about the modern world?
How is domestic violence in any way controversial, at least in the first world?
It's spoken about frequently. The 'evil domestic abuser' is a reasonably common stock character for protagonists to guiltlessly beat up/kill/humiliate.
Unless there's nuclear weapons involved...I really don't think it would. Any equipment that poses a threat, the US military would simply bomb in the first wave - which is exactly what happened to Iraq in the Gulf War. The Iran military simply has nothing that can defend against the US Air Force.
That certainly might complicate things, but I can only guess how serious of a threat it would be.
You could make it all a fun adventure. That would be refreshing. Probably more realistic too, at least for the 'killing zombies' part.
&gt; (are "we" as the player responsible to some extent for our character's actions throughout the game?) Bu that's stupidly easy. No. We're not. The end. A game pretending otherwise isn't some grand philosophical debate. It's just pseudo-intellectual pretension that contradicts the clear and obvious facts.
They're certainly useful as control groups. I really do not think we have "so much" to learn from them. After all, nobody but a professional linguist or someone really, really interested in languages could name even 1% of the thousands of languages existing today, most of them dying. What have we as a society learned from all these languages with a few dozen or few hundred speakers?
&gt; Ppl really need to get past this civilized vs savage worldview, it’s a crock of shit. Are you helping to get past the "civilized vs savage worldview" by continuing to push the idea that these people have a relationship to nature incomprehensible to civilized whitey? I bet they all sing "Colors of the Wind" all day while they hold hands, amirite?
Because they can't. Because their populations and their technology is environmentally irrelevant. There's probably not even any benefit to them clearing forests, if they don't have agriculture or grazing livestock.
Because they wouldn't. They're just philosophically superior to whitey. I see. Now, how do you know this?
Really? Now, were these "writings" written before or after contact was made with the West? Because if these societies actually believed that, we should see those sort of ideas exist *before* these societies encountered the West. We have to make sure they're not just sour grapes, right? Which "writings" are these, and when were they written?
No, what we saw and continue to see is land that is the the result of generally low-population, technologically primitive societies. But by all means, let's see some sources. Enlighten me.
I get the feeling you're not a very scientific thinker. Don't worry. I'm here to "school" you. Get it? I used the word "school" to mean "inform." Pretty "funky-fresh," huh? See, the way it works, is that when you argue something, you have to do the work to find evidence to support it. It would be pretty silly if *I* had the responsibility to do the work to make *your* argument, right? That would be *wack*.
&gt; The debt. Yes, they are very rich, but the debt is so ridiculously high, if the US was any other country with the same amount of money and debt it would definitely fall into anarchy, but not the US. Like Japan?
Whoa there, homie. You gotta Hol' up. You gotta hol' up, homie. ('Hol' up' means "Wait a moment.") We all know how to type words in Google. But I don't know which evidence we're talking about here. There's millions of results on Google. All I'm asking is which one we're talking about, so we can have an intelligent little conversation. I just can't understand why you're "trippin'" over that?
By "America" do you in fact mean the British, French, Dutch, Portuguese, Spanish and other European colonial establishments in the Western Hemisphere? Because "America" is a very funny name for that.
I know. It's rather depressing that it's such a common thing to hear.
No. In theory it's not 'great' at all, bro.
The only thing Redditors are hitting in the real world is their bongs.
What giant and complex cities were these?
Sociologically, there irrefutably *is* such a thing as race.
Well, there certainly *are* biological differences between the recognized racial groups. There might not be a scientific reason why the 'lines' of race are drawn where they are. But this is true for countless concepts, including hard scientific concepts. For example, outer space is generally defined to be 100 kilometers above the Earth's surface. Is there any inherent scientific reason why 100 kilometers was chosen, instead of 99 kilometers, or 110 kilometers, or 104.5366 kilometers? No. But we would be quite foolish to consider that and conclude outer space therefore doesn't exist, wouldn't we?
Of course. But then, all dogs are classified as the same species as well.
&gt; The line for outer space hasn't caused injustices... so kinda comparing apples to oranges there. ...No? Science shouldn't be inconsistently because a concept applied in one place was unjust and the same concept applied in another place wasn't. Science is amoral. &gt; But at the end of the day, they are all cats and we ate all humans. I suppose. But you'd still run into problems if you try to use a chihuahua as a sheep dog.
For the record, nearly all states in the USA allocate more total funding per student to poor students than non-poor students. https://apps.urban.org/features/school-funding-do-poor-kids-get-fair-share/
So? Did it actually make her happy or accomplish anything? It was too late to prevent any of the consequences.
&gt; a lot of it really rings true in the modern day. Such as?
It is. But it's also very trivial. The fact that the world economy is very interconnected isn't any grand revelation. Everybody already knows that.
Oppressive how?
The question is whether these "certain sectors" are *inherently* oppressed by capitalism. If they *must* be oppressed in any capitalist society.
Really? Do you believe the act of financial investment in any form is inherently immoral theft?
What did he do?
The *quantity* supplied diminishes as the *quantity* demanded grows.
&gt; Lowering prices and locking them in low actually increases demand at the same time it decreases supply. It increases the *quantity* demanded and the decreases the *quantity* supplied.
What 'robbing of rights' would that be?
Ha ha! I like how you just insulted me by implying I'm homosexual and that homosexual acts are degrading. Equality and tolerance, amirite?
Really? So why "choke on a dick" instead of "smothered by big beautiful breasts"?
The entire English history of conquering most of the world?
Boy, those are our two options, huh? Anyone who doesn't think Che Guevara is a prophet must be advocating for "uncontrolled capitalism"?
It wouldn't eject a shell unless you pump twice for some reason.
It's also irrefutably a book where Beauty Equals Goodness. There are exceptions, but overall, we know how morally inferior the Slytherins and the Death Eaters are when we look at their ugly faces. It's a story where the separation of two kinds of people into two completely separate societies is completely accepted as natural and just by even the most "progressive" characters. And it's a story where one of those groups of people is plain and simply superior. It is better to be a wizard than not. The magical world - whatever problems it may have - is a world of adventure, beauty, excitement, and, well, magic. While the Muggle world is never shown as anything but dull and dreary. it is a world where you would have to be utterly insane to not care whether you and your loved ones are wizards and Muggles. Aside from his pointless evil, Voldemort is pretty much completely right.
Their ideas are supposed to be.
Do these "psychological implications" go any further than "fascism is bad"?
Interesting. I have to admit, I've never heard of indigenous peoples adapting fascism.
Incorrect. Supply and quantity supplied and demand and quantity demanded all are different things. It's not "simplified," it's simply wrong.
South Park is not obscure.
I think I will just repeat my last comment for you. The ideas of the book are supposed to be realistic. That is, the moral ideas.
The same reason why if you set your clock to be 15 minutes backwards (So it's for example, 8:45, instead of 9:00) and follow the new time, you'll do things 15 minutes earlier, not 15 minutes later.
It's not "semi-socialist."
Capitalist.
They are wrong per say. There is a reason socialist economic ideas are pretty much non-existent in universities and so forth. Because they are considered scientifically incorrect. China is not socialist at all.
Number one rule of analyzing fiction: Fiction can never prove things. The writer controls the fictional universe and everything that happens in it. They can make anything they want happen. It doesn't prove anything. Even in a 'Star Trek' utopia where everyone has a replicator and 100 robot servants to give them a mansion and all the personal luxuries they want, property still exists. You don't get to have your own personal spaceship just because you want one.
"Hoard" is rather unnecessarily loaded word, don't you think? Yes, when the economy is doing poorly, people tend to save money instead of spend it. I wouldn't say they're "hoarding" it like some evil dragon on a giant pile of gold.
Half Life isn't an RPG.
If you're mad about people having braids, you're a crybaby bitch.
I think I'll just repeat exactly what I just said. If you're mad about people having braids, you're a crybaby bitch.
White.
I have no idea. I've never asked.
Yes, look where it's gotten you, hasn't it? Shitting your pants on the internet after being triggered by people wearing braids. Are your ancestors smiling down at you in pride of their little warrior, brave defender of the Welsh people and culture?
"Slightly." In other words, you've memorized a few sentences, you probably know next to nothing about proper grammar or the larger vocabulary. Look at how pathetic you are. Whining over the language being banned hundreds of years ago. This is 2020. Is it banned *now*? Are there not people who speak it fluently *now*? Are there not books and all sorts of other resources easily available *now*? As long as the language is still known and the resources available to learn it exist, how is it any relevance whether it was banned or not hundreds of years? It seems that all you know how to do is lean on your ancestors hundreds of years ago. But we all know why, don't we? It's just so much easier to whine about people wearing braids than doing any work, isn't it? You love to do that, because it's all you *can* do.
Lol. Let's count how many times you've repeated that your ancestors were poor little oppressed slaves. Once. Twice. Three times. Four times. Four times, you've made sure to tell everyone that. Look how laughably desperate you are to be oppressed. Oh, but you think it's *totally* different, because you're a poor little oppressed *Welsh* person, not a person little oppressed *white* person. Whereas I haven't complained about it once. And don't complain about it.
Reddit is largely a community full of people who want very, very badly to be far smarter than they actually are. The way many Redditors like to try and create a pretension of intelligence is attacking the weakest, softest, easiest target they can find, and then pat themselves on the back for being in the "pro-good guys" group. Ergo, Reddit's absolute adoration of Flat-Earthers, Anti-Vaxxers, and the Confederacy.
In your country, is a single parent with 3 or 4 children who receives the lowest legally allowable wage from one job able to support those children without government help?
Which country is this, and what's the minimum wage?
No. That would have been really dumb. For most players, Kaidan or Ashley are near the bottom of the list of characters they care about. Suddenly Shepard is obsessed over them and they're taking center stage in emotional motions? It's an incident that happened years ago, both for Shepard and for the player, if they were a ME fan that played ME 3 on release. And obviously if someone hasn't played ME 1, the player doesn't know or care what the hell is going on.
&gt; with no objective moral bearing to guide him Well this is just false, isn't it? This little society you've imagined clearly does have morals and does guide its citizens to obey those morals, they're just morals you disagree with. And those morals really seem to be nothing but one-dimensional EVVVVVVUUUUL, correct? I think you might be imagining yourself as far more controversial then you really are.
"Please pat me on the back." There are plenty of subreddits devoted to giving people nice little platitudes. Why don't you try them?
Mmm. It's too bad for you the Supreme Court of 1969 didn't.
Gross Domestic Product. It is the total amount of wealth produced over a period of time in a certain area. It's nearly always measured by the wealth produced by a country in one year.
According to Wikipedia, Amazon has implemented a $15 wage for all employees as of 2020. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimum_wage_in_the_United_States.
The practical lightbulb, yes.
Edison held 1,093 patents. One thousand and ninty three. That sounds like a very prolific inventor to me.
That, I don't know. I also don't know how many were created through collaborations with his staff.
That's the reason people find him funny. Do you think smart, calm, dignified people who make rational decisions are funny?
You got to take the shit with the sugar. Yeah, like anything in the world, 90% of people who really like Japan or Ireland or whatever are going to be anywhere from a little bit awkward to a complete embarrassment. But that's the price you pay for anything worthwhile, right? For the 8% that do a pretty okay job and the 2% that are really damn good.
Let me guess. You spent a couple of weeks in Europe walking around and eating at restaurants, and now you're deep and cultured, amiright?
Then why does he leave in the first place? Why do his values "crumble"?
Really? Then I'm sure you understand how laughable Reddit's little fantasy of 'Europe' is, right? You know, the idea that every little bit of food is a creamy orgasm in your mouth, every purchased product is a homemade bundle of love, care, and awesomeness free of any evil American corporate-ness. That laughable little fantasy?
McGuffins have nothing to do with realism or believability.
I'm American. Although I have lived in Europe.
It sounds like you were angry and trying really, really hard to write an insult, but couldn't think of anything. Even if you were right, young men want to build better habits and take care of themselves? Goodness, how horrible. You really proved them wrong.
No, that's just nonsense. Believe it or not, economists who are skeptical of policies interfering with the market do not have these positions merely because they love wealthy owners and want them to be wealthier and hate workers and want them to be poorer.
The 'government doing stuff' is not socialism. Most countries are therefore not mixed systems. Our world is capitalist.
Well, it certainly seems to make corporations stronger, when their workforce is too resentful of each other to effectively cooperate.
&gt; Is there a way for a new business which has a lot of promise to get millions in funding, but without relinquishing equity/shares from the business itself? Sure you can. That would be by getting a regular loan from the bank. You're not obligated to give up any equity, but you have to pay the loan back.
Not necessarily, although for a loan that big, you'll almost certainly need a steady stream of income from your business.
Well, economy polices are more or less by definition a question of where and how the government does or doesn't involve itself in the economy. So...at no point, I suppose? How is this relevant?
Yep. Lots of people in the West adore the idea of a third-world brown girl coming to solve all of our political, social, and economic problems with a dignified 'wokeness' incomprehensible to Whitey.
If that was the case, they would have been mocked, or criticized, or questioned, or at least pointed out. None of these things ever happen.
On the internet, the primary criticisms against socialism are things like "human nature" or "good on paper, bad in practice." Among economic theorists, the criticism against socialism is that, as described by Marx and several other people, it is *scientifically incorrect.* It is built on assumptions are not true and cannot be made true in economic reality.
That's mostly true. But today, you're in luck. I'm quite happy to talk about socialism as a pure economic model.
Marxism is built on the idea that labor is the one and only thing which determines economic value. This was not an idea unique to Marx. In the *Wealth of Nations*, Adam Smith proposes the idea more or less as a given, as something so evident it didn't really need proof: **"The real price of everything, what everything really costs to the man who wants to acquire it, is the toil and trouble of acquiring it. What everything is really worth to the man who has acquired it, and who wants to dispose of it, or exchange it for something else, is the toil and trouble which it can save to himself, and which it can impose upon other people."** Marx considers this and concludes that all economic activity which produces profit but does not require labor is *inherently* theft. This includes the employment relationship, rent, all investments, and interest. (Which is naturally a form of investment.) As things like interest are able to generate wealth without labor and labor is the sole determinant of economic value, these things, according to Marx, must only be able to exist by exploiting value from workers, and must therefore be abolished in any just society. Modern economics rejects this as incorrect. The Labor Theory of Value is false for two reasons. Firstly, it is *not* true that the value of an asset is equal to the "toil and trouble of acquiring it." Secondly, even if it were true, the "toil and trouble of acquiring" assets involves factors aside from labor that cannot be ignored or dismissed.
And which assumptions would those be?
Mmm. Well let's consider an example. Imagine a man who lives alone in the forest. He can spend some of his time gathering berries and mushrooms in the forest. The forest is big and has lots of berries and mushrooms growing in it, so he doesn't have to worry about running out. The only limitation to how many berries or mushrooms he can gather is time he's willing to spend. I hope you will agree, this is the simplest model of production. The production of berries and mushrooms is determined solely by labor. There is no boss, no employees, no wage, and no profit. There is no rent, no limitation of natural resources. Perhaps most importantly, there is no capital, or a completely negligible amount of capital. (Perhaps he uses a basket.) Now then, the man can gather berries and mushrooms at an equal rate. He can gather one pound of berries per hour, or one pound of mushrooms per hour. But let us suppose that the man enjoys berries *twice* as much as he enjoys mushrooms. According to Karl Marx and Adam Smith, these two goods will be valued equally. The "toil and trouble of acquiring" berries and mushrooms are equal, and that toil and trouble is solely labor. Is this what you think will actually happen? Will the man, who enjoys berries twice as much as mushrooms, be totally indifferent to whether he has a pound of berries to eat or a pound of mushrooms?
Absolute nonsense. Economics does not assume that all market participants have perfect information, ever. It does not assume that people always act rationally (nor for that matter does it deny the existence of people commonly getting less value than they could out of an exchange for reasons of charity, friendship, culture, etc.) Basic level economics does indeed make simplifications, and yes, makes assumptions such as entering the exiting the market is free. But these are absolutely addressed in higher level discussions. Economics as a whole doesn't deny they exist any more than physicists deny air exists because air resistance isn't taught until higher levels. Furthermore, nobody is suggesting that economics is complete and we know all there is to know. The idea that you've thought of these things and professional economists haven't is ridiculous.
Laughable. Find me one source of an actual professional economist claiming "Yes, the real world follows a model of perfect competition, and that's why I use a model of perfect competition for all my data and conclusions to make 100% accurate predictions"
Firstly, did you not notice how you just used the phrase "contrary to popular belief"? If this is what Friedman believes, what is the "popular belief"? If the "popular" economics belief is that these Econ 101 assumptions do indeed get dropped later on, this would make your whole argument totally wrong. Because this is what you just insisted *doesn't* happen. Secondly, this is a second hand quote. Can you find me an first hand source of Friedman saying something, not someone else saying he said something?
Why is this forum so tolerant of these stupidly constant posts that are clearly from people just looking for pats on the back and to be told how awesome they are? I imagine probably because this forum is full of people who are very attached to their own little fantasies that they're part of "Team Awesomeness," bringing love and sunshine to the masses by gushing to anyone willing to listen "Yes, yes, yes, you can write black characters if you're white!"
Well, for starters, every university that exists. Do you know of any university that teaches Marxist theory as standard economics?
Probably. You could try writing one that doesn't rely on strawmen. That might be refreshing. Although I'm not sure if that's even possible.
&gt; More expensive too since they can dictate the price alot more. ...Why?
Mmm. I have to admit, I didn't think about trade-ins.
