ModCation 2018!
[Gifted] Morthy - Robe and Wizard Hat.
Like Joan of Arc or Aphrodite?
Phrasing.
Someone said that before and it didn't work out so well.
How about ask the lady?
Is nail polish on your WL?
Guys are we still doing phrasing?
How's it going?!!
Engaged, Great!
And you never will with that attitude young lady.
Lol. I’m not serious at all. :)
I’m only interested if it has a chain.
Not that kind of chain freak.
You just like REDACTED.
I value people with viewpoints different than my own.
It was that or: "I don't want no part of your tight-ass country club ya freak bitch!” But I wasn’t sure if All the mods watch arrested development.
I’m ok. I have my good points. I’m on and off here according to how much spare time I have. I used to be more active, maybe I’ll try to be more active in 2018. I miss some of the people that used to hang around here. Life happens though. This is pretty much the nicest subreddit.
I want a Waffle House on the west coast so badly.
They are stuck in Lodi again.
PLBKAC
u/AlphaHooker
You can’t take a vacation?
Did you tell her to square her shoulders?
You volunteered for that again!?
To train techs in the US. Knowledge transfer has to happen sometime. And they have to improve their reputation.
Watching the world wake up from history.
That sounds like you are in u/nacho_cheezus land.
And you paid how much for the ticket?
You got knocked the fuggout!!!
Hell yeah. Time to treat yourself to a king size Reese’s.
Breakfast of champions.
Are we about to feel the wrath of a menace?
I love how he mocks BIG with: “Grab your glocks if you see tupac...”
No UR! How’s wedding planning going? I don’t think that there’s any such thing as a small wedding.
Fail at housework, take 2D6 damage.
What a realistic viewpoint! I applaud this.
The advantage of using the drawer is the detergent gets diluted and evenly distributed in the stuff you are washing. No real harm in not using it.
Unless your clothes are affected by direct exposure to full strength detergent.
Your mom sounds fun. Also happy birthday!
10 is way cuter.
You a fan of the salted cured meats?
Yeah it is. At least it’s not that shark.
Boats n Hoes.
Whaaaa? Why not? Treat yo self :)
How is today sucking?
Ahh :(
You need to do what’s best for you. &lt;3
I’d be super entertained if my date showed up in a garbage bag.
It’s the broke gen z little black dress by hefty.
I’m totally making an Etsy for this. Roll errr I mean 20 pack of dresses.
https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/current-activity/2018/01/09/MS-ISAC-Releases-Advisory-PHP-Vulnerabilities
Feel free to PM. I try to value people with opinions other than my own.
Order them off of your lawn.
U rock that hefty trash bag girl.
Your package has arrived.
Too much herbs?
Tell me about it. Hope RHEL gets their ass in gear.
Ohio was a great night for you to come over and get some stuff for lunch tomorrow.
*inappropriate work based find the wood joke*
I said inappropriate.
How is that going? Good?
Sounds good! Glad things worked out.
Yes.
Lord of the c**k rings?
Of course.
They should just install a toilet.
I am not ‘chugging beer’ I’m SAMPLING a flight of gluten free German lagers with a French wine pairing. It’s called a SMORGASVEIN and it’s elegantly cultural!
Hi!
Yes.
Just human errors.
How do you JO a dinosaur?
*runs back and fourth with arms in a circle*
Lemme just run my hands under this toaster oven and see what happens...
Owwwww!!!
😬
Yes!
Looks alike a visa waiver country so you’ll just have to get through customs. :)
Walmart should have video of everything.
It’s the face with the clenched teeth and the happy eyes.
How technical are they?
This.
Omg. I know what I’m binging.
Did it come back at you?
That’s worse than a back of a Volkswagen.
The movie it?
Dilly dilly.
I’m dr who in this bitch!
Probably ur lipstick. :)
At least it’s the clean version?
Lol. Yes. Slamming on your brakes is the same in a 4x4.
It’d “this shits bananas...”
Yes.
Same here. Just a long time under a microscope. And weird burning smells.
Boil some vinegar next.
Too much power not enough weight.
Supercharger belt whine.
Just wait. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QnnNNjJWv8U
What happened to him?
What if you are in the middle of sexytime with your lady? Do we have to wait for you to finish? Or “hold on baby someone on the internet needs help!”
All you can do is your best. Most of that talk is hot air. Sure she did.
I used to have a GTI. I loved the turbo whine.
Golf?
NA used to have a rabbit in the 80s. Total chick car.
I thought it was toe tappin fun!
Under certain circumstances the angry cry can be funny for about 30 seconds. “Oooh s/he is pissed!!!” Edit: a word.
Maybe they aren’t into that.
Back/spine issues suck!
Obviously you do not have enough stuff to do.
His hammer is the...
Productivity 2018!
The hair dryer is also excellent.
Does it hold up during “activities”? Asking for a friend.
Ugh I have the face problem too.
Oh it’s one of THOSE.
I like the chicken. (Hei Hei)
Or u/inthishouse19
You buying all the things again?
Fake cookies!!!!
Ah but ... baby!
I like the New Zealand accent.
You’ll also be put on Santa’s naughty list.
You too can work for under minimum wage in a legal manner.
Sure, all the sorority girls are clamouring for the plantain section.
Which pack?
Ah!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8xv0MGerAb8
The A-Team.
Should have used husfriend
I have the flu. That’s my excuse for idiocy today.
I mean I should have. Not you.
I don’t know what I mean really. Never mind. :D
You are correct.
See, that other b___ didn’t get it.
Get cleaning right now or the banana gets it! 🍌🔫
What do you order at Taco Bell?
Great. Foiled again.
Yeah like u/fembecca said. If you think there may be a misunderstanding, communicate your intentions. There is nothing wrong with boundary setting.
Those are good. But make me gassy.
Overcome with worry and angst?
Probably not beside yourself then.
They are suffering from alcohol withdrawal?
Apparently it depends on which dictionary you use. Sorry about all the messages.
Have you seen that Sailor J makeup tutorial on YouTube? It’s hilarious.
Yeah after further thought. Maybe I don’t want the answer.
How about everyone pools for a pedicure.
Wellllllll.....okay. :)
Sounds lube related.
How about not there.
See below.
Scared you’d like it too much.
Now I’m hungry for Wendy’s. Thanks.
Tater salad.
Are all the muscles relaxed?
Shhh this is no time for reality. Every time someone feeds their pet something I try to imagine the pet catching one of those in the wild. Cat vs Cow is a hilarious idea.
Get dem fries.
I am serious and don't call me Shirley.
I have the 1080ti. People are dumb.
Death to this contest.
Shape shifting is a deal breaker for me.
Heating bill must be a bitch.
Soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-omR1rXcPrE
&lt;3
It’s the chronic-cles of narnia
Mmm peaches.
QOTD: An engine rebuild kit for an american car.
u/nacho_cheezus How's the cars doin'? (And everyone else)
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow..
Alone &gt; Being w/ some idiot that doesn't respect you.
Is there some kind of app for that? Not that I need cuddling. Just an interested passerby.
I respect you for repairing all your own stuff. I've been thinking about taking a motorcycle repair class. I want to wrench on something, however I don't want to deal with a 2 Ton engine / getting a lift / etc.
Sort of an inside joke, u/nacho_cheezus has been doing a lot of car work.
Ah cool!
Yeah at least the older cars are (usually) easier to work on. I used to help my father fix his Datsun. There was so much space around the engine, and you could get to a lot of things. The newer cars have 0 space and several pain in the ass "features" that break (seriously who puts a plastic gear on a variable valve timing inside the block)
How do you make cheese fries? Are they prepackaged?
I should probably google this stuff.
Oooh the metric system, you scientist you. :D
Was Rihanna wearing a garbage bag?
Nag avoidance system.
It's true. Still looked good.
Ah, Irish nachos. Sort of.
I envisioned some sort of breaded deep fried cheese.
I think it's going to be another year of Kendrick Lamar.
Just read an article about Jay-Z, and his comments about Trump. Super intelligent. I was impressed.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2018/01/28/jay-z-thinks-trump-is-in-pain-the-president-responded-by-bragging-about-helping-black-people/?utm_term=.300ce92716f2
We all know she's great. I think she still won.
She’s a super taster.
Does 24k and Versace on the floor sound like the same song? Or is it just me.
It’s the blood shoes.
HOV/ half Jesus Z
Oy. He will just come out with 5ct shiny platinum in the ocean next year. And that will win.
Dispatching hedge trimmers now.
Pretty eyes!
Nice hair!
Now you are going to need the rose gold phone.
I can’t. I’m at work.
Your wife won’t appreciate that.
Penultimate.
Someone found the laughing gas.
2nd place: Slot
Damnit. They have some great food there too.
Moist Jesus?
Cookie Mafia.
Why do they always hide in the sink at the vet.
Manual is the only way to go. Unless it’s an industrial one. Those are plain dangerous.
If all else fails I have a spare.
Oh what scanner do you have?
Careful there’s so many fakes.
Your feelings are valid and you matter. Don’t worry there’s always tomorrow. It’s just another day.
Gently lobbed.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
Look for my name Hugh Nads.
You blew an egg into your liver!
[Gifted] Depends
“Back”
Benzos are bad yo.
You still look fabulous!
At least it’s not (Man Hands)[https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bSL4cmFW_GU]
I suck at markup today.
You mean sea yourself out.
If you register with UPS.com, I think there is a (free) [service](https://www.ups.com/us/en/help-center/sri/follow-my-delivery.page) that will tell you which block they are on in some areas.
Hashtag NotBitter?
Damnit public safety officers, you had one job!
Our pho place is open till 11.
Cool top.
Did you tell it to get off of your lawn?
I’m going to start calling you Kwow
Yes, yes, no.
I got a cpap You got knocked the f out. But don’t try to stay awake, it causes amnesia and you won’t remember embarrassing thinks you did, and you may wake up naked.
Just don’t try to stay awake and nothing bad will happen.
Carrion, Carrion.
It’s annoying at first but that machine is life changing.
If you have questions feel free to ask/PM. I know quite a bit.
He must be butter.
I think I love Vancouver.
It was meant as one.
It’s the ‘pers!
Recreating my drunk kitchen.
Reddit (outside of here) is full of assholes.
I know, but don’t let the trolls get to you. ❤️
Relevant. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aC9_PK7bBO4
I only know the words to that parody. I get nasty looks if I sing it over the real song.
That’s so spicy of you.
That sounds painful.
Usually disappointment. ;)
I know 3-4 people that get shafted regularly w/ the redditgifts contests. Also, I'm not a giddy goat.
I'm pretty good, what are you trying to do?
Needs cherries on top.
https://support.office.com/en-us/article/vlookup-function-0bbc8083-26fe-4963-8ab8-93a18ad188a1 ?
Are you telling me to eat myself?
Does slot also bother you?
Congrats! What’s his major? Coloring inside the lines? Naps?
The person above you also likes Nirvana.
Its a serger sewing machine. It’s what they use to sew jeans.
Ferb
They only want you when you're seventeen When you're twenty-one You're no fun They take a polaroid and let you go Say they'll let you know So come on
cXbu gonna give it to ya.
My advice: not telling my SO about the wish app.
We would probably need one of those Mylar sheets for the audience. Like a Gallagher show.
u/Girfex
No accounting for taste?
It's more of a statement. Some people like weird stuff.
"HAVE YOU SEEN MY DEAD SHARK!?!?"
I'm all for it as long as he doesn't drink the juice to try to obtain shark powers.
Yeah most of the ice cubes are generally non-toxic (aside from maybe some temporary GI tract issues), however if you bought them from amazon you never know. Embalming fluid however is very toxic.
I should have made a scale pun.
I went to a football game for the pulled pork nachos.
What a cloud-tease.
Or *Not to scale.
YW. Your Bon Jovi parody made my day.
Sideways laugh cry face.
Better than the butters version of what what in the butt.
I thought it might be that. I think my biology teacher had one preserved like that with an egg sack.
Isn’t it awesome? Got mine at Costco.
How’s it going with the sleep situation?
Lol. I also had difficulty thinking of the sandwich.
Some have a summer and a winter side.
I was once left with a needle sticking out of my arm while the intern asked for help.
I don’t think coconut shells are proper work attire.
I spent all my money on beer and cheap women and the rest I squandered.
Isn’t that just Disney world?
I’m just jealous you have a Waffle House.
Stop trying to make the day go faster, I have things to do.
Remember no weighing oregano at work.
Depends what state you are in.
No epipen?
The reddit snoo
My sister also has a name that rhymes with banana.
Yeah or at least after the “I won’t remember anything” drug
Cockroach as in real cockroach or is that some slang for something else?
Like a hydra?
Now you are just encouraging him.
They should rename it knokup
Apparently he likes to raw dog it at meetups.
A candy bar wrapper isn’t a condom.
I already did this so it didn’t affect me.
Emphasis on the blow.
You sound like u/overlyapologeticguy
Enough torture for today.
Is that you?
I miss you.
Sorry about the whole I quit thing. I just had to handle life stuff, and I could have handled that situation better. Plus Sam was kicking so much a** it made me look like a slacker ;) I have/had nothing against anyone at the time. And I apologize for any dumb drama I may have caused.
Wrong subreddit?
Canada just leagalized pot.
It’s like a rule or something.
Where’s the beaver emoji when you need it.
Don’t care about the money money money....
AIDADITACF
If you ever have a “low mod resource” situation, I could probably help for a few weeks/months. But looks like you guys/gals have it handled. I’ll continue to report links. :)
Korn has a song like that. But instead of Chinese food it was sex.
Doubles as a tail!
Wait. Trying to figure out how the whole threading a needle thing works.
Ah. How crafty.
Yeah.
Yeah what a dick. Generally you’d probably have to have a hearing for him to change the custody agreement. So don’t let him mindfuck you with court stuff. There’s always r/legaladvice. (Use a throwaway)
I Want To Believe.
Did the knockout drugs work well?
Gift*
It wasn’t me. Just trying to improve.
I always miss the drama. :(
Can’t unsee.
Nacho is that you?
I didn’t shit right for a week.
You should yell “girrrrrrlllllll”
Mattress or kitchen floor?
Maybe. If not I know where to get help.
It’s turtles all the way down.
Shake it like a salt shaker?
Someone gets me.
Why isn’t this condoms.
1. Start a dick exchange web service. Rand-o-dick. 2. ??? 3. profit.
Slow at first. Make sure you can stand life without pain pills
Oh ok. I thought you were going cold turkey. You should be fine.
You need one of those scantily clad women with the round 2 sign.
A witty saying proves nothing. -Voltaire
They usually don’t last long in prison.
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
I’m guessing a dating app.
The trick is to keep breathing.
You can always message the channel.
Nest step: the chair!
See what he did there.
No one likes a mouthful of old mayo.
What felony did the kitten commit?
Never mind. Snooped the history.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eg-YM4O7XlA
Hell yes royal blizzard.
Next he will tell you, you’re overreacting.
Or “you must be PMSing” I know all the winning statements.
Was that the alleged VD meetup?
It was in some secrets thread a longtime ago.
I am sure it was just to cause drama.
I remember when you were in school for nursing. So proud. Now hurry up and get an RN.
Hot shower? That usually works for me.
Make sure you wipe the table down after. People eat there.
Guilty as charged.
Come to the dark side.
Plus you don’t have to deal with windows power shell.
You should be able to get $$ knocked off your rent.
Answer: she needs Cymbalta.
Thats what she likes.
ohh which one?
I mean you are a little suspicious.
IDEK they had that at the restaurant.
How was it? I like those asian frozen dishes in the mylar bags you just dump into the saucepan and cover. Anything beats a hot pocket. I dont know how people can stand those.
u/homeallday &amp;#x200B;
What shampoo do you use? Is it any good? I have scalp issues.
I remembered from a long time ago.
No flair?
Nobody does me like me, I know just how I like it.
The elf on the shelf is his wingman.
Yeah I don’t get that whole thing. Seems like messing with your kids head.
Keep your Dick in a vice.
I also went to “R” class.
Don’t make me start in on “true random”
QOTD: Girl are you a square matrix? Because I want to span your eigenspace with my eigenvector.
Describe what we are missing? (the artwork of course)
Its a subset of markdown.
Had some very pretty eyes...
Math stuff.
Wife takes 5mg.
Some of them are like electing a new pope. Look for the smoke.
https://i.imgur.com/67Qy5CC.jpg
I know.
I was going to ask for video so we all could evaluate. However people have gutterminds.
[Activity] Discuss your snatch.
didn’t that one law go through that made internet companies (hosts) responsible for adult content?
And a credit card that doesn’t charge International currency conversion charges.
If you already have that awesome!
she takes your moneyyyy....
reminds me of this comic https://photos.smugmug.com/photos/215500918_qKJXY-L-2.jpg
Anyone into Westworld?
https://i.imgur.com/kfIuwAj.jpg Have you seen my Cuca?
the swingline?
How is that a law enforcement issue?
That kid killed 1000’s of brains cells.
You generally need a brokerage account. Those take 1-2 days to set up, as you need to sign forms for the SEC. Talk to your bank or e-trade.
Usually they have financing plans for those?
https://www.trane.com/residential/en/buying-a-trane/financing/
And the newer high efficiency units save you $$$
Canned food has a “best if used by” date which is not the expiration date. There are standards for that and the food bank is probably using those standards. As for the moldy bread, yeah thats pretty standard.
The beginning of the end. Next he will be talking back to you.
You’ll be having the scotch, neat.
Looking good. Did you glue an eye shut?
hello my baby, hello my honey, hello my ragtime gal...
And the boots also 👍👍
Just asking. It doesn’t look like it.
Praise Jesus, lets get shitfaced.
Is that not the right place to store Fahrenheit 451?
Don’t tell her to calm down ;)
I wish. Im in the west, there are no white castles.
Yo bitches, thanks for my shit.
You are just encouraging sheep sweatshops.
and may lead to a weird fetish.
Its all fun and games till someone gets confetti in their pu55y.
That or make your next gyn appt really awkward. “Suprise!”
They only sell the best wine in mini wine bottles.
Hope you like cold pop tarts.
he looks thrilled.
At least its not in a box. But hey new box wine hat idea.
your fingers and toes have so many nerve endings.
Omg your food looks delicious. Well minus the Nutella pizza (not a huge fan of marshmallows)
ooh put some lotion on that.
insert ball ornament joke here.
I like cold pop tarts.
Who you hooking up with over there?
I feel sad that this is your first boss that did this. But happy you have a good job now.
Good bosses know that all sick people do is get others sick and make mistakes.
its good to be remembered. How are you doing?
Even if it doesn’t things will be fine. No children are going to die if the painting doesn’t get here. I am sure that the person it is for will understand. It’s only stuff.
She can pay more to have it delivered faster. she still has a couple of business days to ship. There is really not much you can do, release it to the universe.
They also have an app to tell you how you are doing, mask leak, AHI etc. Humidifier is probably not necessary in some parts of the world.
It could but the sleepyhead data checks out.
this one has built in wifi.
You are your own sweatshop.
It must be defective, time to write a bad amazon review. Miss you too.
The Japanese already have that.
Alexa salt my food.
computer controlled bidets.
🤭
shit. replied to the wrong thread. look at the thread above.
me too.
Did he get you pregnant too?
dat luggage
I got a lot of problems with you people! And now you're gonna hear about it!
My favorite wizard.
El Diablo me llama pero Jesucristo me abraza
also needs sand.
I’m so sorry for your loss. LMK if I can do anything.
thats alright with me.
because they are already awake.
ask for the vodka pineapple. I hear its popular, they use fresh pineapple
I almost took one for fun
I just goy married if you need advice.
[Aquaman?](https://youtu.be/reYE2-yWCuI)
Thanks!!
“Thats a helpful tone”
Gifted She-wee
What about using a immersion heater. Sous vide yourself.
Oh Deadpool. Not the other DP
What position?
Between that and your snatch.
Ow what kind of bird?
Better bring some candy.
not yet. theres some choose your own adventure though.
lets not taste anything in the bathroom.
Number one with a bullet journal.
Ugh. Sorry you have to deal with that. 😡
Blue balls on the tree?
It just got british in here.
Awww you guys are a cute couple!!!!!!
You do outstanding work.
uggs are sockless right? Basic Training?
they are, they have a wool liner instead of a sock.
ouch. those things have huge beaks. People laugh until they see one crack a walnut.
Just came in to say I’m glad. 🥞
Is it the dream station or the resmed airsense 10?
Maybe try r/PCMasterRace. This is for the BMW i3 Electric Vechile.
👋
👋
👋
Maybe you need a viagra?
*sings* We are never ever getting back together...
How are things? Hows married life?
Pretty good! I have been working on relationships, personal growth and business stuff. Not too much time for reddit.
Lol better stay away this time, last time you impregnated all those RAoA women.
Someone needed a baby.
Is he a dot or is he a speck?
You son of a bitch, I’m in.
I thought it was 51234
It is “chicken lover”.
Augh mein transaxle.
Each dealer only gets so many build slots. They don’t really want to spend one on a “cheap” car.
That sounds about right.
Came here to say this.
It’s pronounced tape-ass.
Those two panels are in completely different places and would need separate sensors.
Aren’t you a little old to be making a meme?
[It was my lame attempt to make a joke. ](https://youtu.be/TNBR2Js1dH0)
