Free speech! If that baby wants to fire back with a stinging one-liner he’s more than welcome to.
Every mom I’ve ever met would be nodding knowingly at this ULPT.
If there’s one thing I know about men, is that compliments and sex are effective motivators. I know that comes across as sexist and manipulative, but I don’t mean it to be. And it has to be sincere. But look, go buy him the swimsuit that you like, ask him to try it on then compliment him and jump his bones. It sounds like he gets you hot, so you two have fun!
My heart is breaking for you, dude. Taking care of a sick parent can only be fully understood by those who’ve lived it. Taking care of a parent with an addiction disorder can only be fully understood by those who’ve lived it. Living in a household with parents who have frequent vicious and lengthy fights can only be fully understood by those who have lived it. I can relate with the first two, and I’m getting teary-eyed just thinking about it. I cannot fathom both of those at once, combined with the last one—I don’t know you, but I’m proud of you. You’re young and single, living in this hellhouse and yet have the resilience to maintain your hobbies, friends and a high-stress job on top of all that. You’re tougher than most of us. And I know that your parents, as fucked as they are right now, just marvel at the adult they’ve raised. As for that knock-down-drag-out-fight they had? You did the right thing by leaving and letting them duke it out (verbally). There’s so much stress between the two of them that it exploded. Even though they said the most hurtful and hateful things to each other, it was probably healthy for their marriage. As a married woman myself, if you don’t have a good fight every now and then something is wrong in the power balance. There’s one bit of advice I want to give you. Hang in there, but not for much longer. In one year, you’ve got to be out of there or you may be there forever. Tell them this now. The next time they’re calm and things are settled tell them that you’re planning to move out. And then *move out.*
The worst thing to do is to keep blaming your past for your present troubles. It’s self-pity. Plain and simple. Until you stop doing that, the best thing to do is stay single and keep all that dark paranoia between yourself and a therapist. Harsh, to be sure. But you’ve fallen in to a trap where you’re comfortable being a victim.
If I remember correctly, wasn’t that sub created after he posted to r/TalesFromTechSupport?
Envy Turkey.
Yeet Turkey
Just let the damn door close!
I’ve been re-reading through them a post at a time here and there. I think The Fire is my favorite.
Canned tomato soup. Related, I only like tomato juice on airplanes. It does not taste good in any other context.
I’m gonna upvote that haircut no matter what! That shit is awesome.
There are just so many.
NTA. How bizarre. Send him the pictures with him in them and let him post them. But there are no pics of him because doesn’t want his picture taken. I have no words.
Wtf. No. This is a terrible relationship.
Obviously it’s poisonous paint.
What do you hope it is?
What, like being broke? Lots of peanut butter.
That’s too many questions balled up together there, mate.
It’s cheap and covers your fat, carbs and protein all in one go. Boy do you get sick of it after a few days though.
Keanu Reeves memes.
I always say “could’ve” but never think twice when I read “could of” or “could have” they both register as correct to me.
NTA. But I would caution you against going about it in a “it’s either me or them” attitude. It’s totally normal for couples to have their own friends.
That is exquisite.
He’s def trying to poison the cat. You oughta report this post.
So you don’t want any tips?
You don’t turn them off, you just delay your reactions to your emotions.
“My bad”
In front of my dad when he not only voted for trump but remained a staunch trump zombie.
My dads four wheeler was broken down in a field and I went out to take a look at it for him. It had been there for a couple days and the sun was starting to set while I was crouched down checking the wiring. I went around to the other side of it and something just told me to shine the flashlight on my phone in. So I did and there was a huge black widow spider. I would have most definitely have spooked her and had gotten bit if had stuck my hand in there! She was rather beautiful though! About five inches end-to-end, sleek and black with that telltale red hour glass. First time I’d ever seen one in person. Needless to say, I backed off and returned in the daylight.
Lots of money and little stress.
I guess I meant that’s what *I* do.
It’s from an old Louis C.K. standup bit that didn’t age very well.
Practice. When my mom was dying it was necessary because I still had to function. Now my dad’s sick and it’s the same thing. Tear up a little, shake my head really hard and soldier on.
R
I like eyebuydirect.com. Used them for years.
Boot camp?
I’m with you. I don’t care for dark chocolate unless there’s other stuff in it to make it more interesting. It’s rather waxy and bitter on its own. But when it comes to cheese, the funkier the better.
Oh god. Between the four-days-old turd and the photo prints of screenshots, your mother is Kevin. No doubt about it.
And then brings it to your house and says “hey, smell this!”
There are far too many olive shoots ‘round my table if that’s the case.
Is plane a verb too? Not doubting you, I guess don’t read enough about aviation to know any better. Edit: I know about planing wood.
There is just no way this is makes more sense than just a plate.
Once my cousin and her husband were looking for appliances or something in the classified ads in the paper and came across an ad for a used mattress with “biological stains”. I give them credit for honesty, though.
Or did it pick up your toddler?
If they like it, then it’s worth every penny.
Nah. I think we’re all a little gay and a little weeb.
Uh oh...you got it wet...
Proud of you, mate!
“Better the devil you know, than you the devil you don’t.”
Dude so many factors. Your weight, height, sex, whether or not you’re an alcoholic, whether or not you have a genetic predisposition to be an alcoholic or whether or not you have a genetic predisposition to be a lightweight are just the few that come to mind. Have fun, but take it easy and have good friends who care about you around.
That’s the damn truth whether you’re 14, 4, 44 or 104.
It’s badass whatever it is.
You want to stay in academics or work in the field?
Even truther.
You don’t have a life outside of him? No friends or family or hobbies/interests? He’s got to tend to his for awhile and that’s fair.
How do you seal a creek with cement?
He’s spread thin now with his kid living there, so if that’s not ok then I guess break it off and move out
Gah. There used to be this awesome show about infestations and this one family had a bat infestation that they couldn’t do anything about because it was a protected species and it was breeding season or something. Like bat bites were a daily fear and they had to hole up in one room where there weren’t any vents. I wouldn’t take a bat infestation too lightly!
Ow.
You have every right to feel the way you feel. How embarrassing! I’ll bet you’re only one of a few friends that care to hang out with her anymore, since you indicated that y’all’ve been partying for a while. She sounds like she may have an alcohol problem and needs treatment. Now I understand that’s not something you want to get into with her because you said she’d get super defensive. And she likely will. But do y’all have any mutual friends? Are you close to her family? Maybe you can address these concerns to them. If there’s any way you can help her, please do the kind thing and do that. But if you can’t, the second-kindest thing is to keep her at arms length to preserve your own sanity and reputation.
My older sister. Omfg. Like I love her and she’s one of my best friends but Jesus Christ she cannot get to the fucking point without having to keep her on track. Imagine Mark Twain with Alzheimer’s.
I worked briefly with a group of young women when I was in college at a coffee shop and they ALL SPOKE IN BABY TALK. It was intolerable. I’m a woman myself, and I still can’t wrap my mind around it. Ugh.
Geez. You gonna be all right, mate?
Probably will be here in bed, browsing reddit and watching Forensic Files next to my sleeping husband. It’s cozy and everything I want, if I’m being honest.
That’s pretty cool! What’s something interesting you learned today?
You should do an AMA.
Jaboody Dubs. It’s so hard to pick the best one. https://youtu.be/jlSF0dtDRD8
Welcome to the Jungle
The inch? That is most commonly reduced down to the 16ths?
How does someone with expressive aphasia behave?
Hmm. That is odd indeed. Any discoloration on the circuit board it was soldered/attached/plugged into?
I understand very well that any unit can be *converted* to metric. What is your point?
Haha thanks. It’s from a Louis CK standup bit that didn’t age very well.
D
I feel like being in a college setting gives OP a big advantage. Like any interest you have there’s bound to be a club for it. The next semester is starting up in a few weeks and the student activity calendars will be updated. It’ll take some courage to show up to a meeting for something where you don’t know anybody, but it’s gonna take a little courage OP. Good luck, OP!
As if the catcalling weren’t bad enough, he runs into the bathroom to interrupt your shower to show you a picture of some “nice titties.” Seriously, are you dating Booger from Revenge of the Nerds? Please tell me he’s got some redeeming qualities.
How is this blursed?
Whiny, petulant behavior.
Invent something that a lot of people want to buy.
Did you tell them about the bottle cap?
Night before last I stayed up talking with one of my sisters until 6 in the morning.
Pennywise
It varied! She’s been having a couple shit years at work because her boss is an insufferable misogynist, so we talked about that. Then we talked about Disney movies and costume jewelry. Then we tried to figure out why a retired hairdresser we both used to go to suddenly came out of retirement and opened a new shop. It was the lamest Facebook stalking any two people ever did. Haha. Thanks for asking!
She’s almost to the point where she wants a new job, but she has like 12 years into this one. She’ll figure it out; she’s savvy. As for the hairdresser? Nope, couldn’t figure it out. She either got bored with not working or found herself in financial trouble and needed to start working again—or something super scandalous that we just couldn’t uncover.
When a male citizen turns 18 years old they must register for the selective service (the draft) within 30 days. When the draft is enacted the selective service agency employs a lottery system that uses two drums. One for birthdates (365 or 366 the in case of a leap year), one for ages. Men aged 20 are selected first, then 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 19, and lastly 18. From the Wikipedia article about the Selective Service System: &gt;&gt; For example, if January 19 is picked from the "date" capsule and the number 59 picked from the "number" capsule, all men of age 20 born on January 19 will be the 59th group to receive induction notices. This process continues until all dates are matched with a number.
Ordinal: thirty-third (it sounds like turdy-turd) if you say it like someone from a country that pronounces Th like “tuh”. Cardinal: 6,669,420.333
As someone without ties to either Canada or the gas/oil industry I’m curious myself.
Being as it’s almost entirely sugar and starch it should taste good.
For what, mate?
Good grief. Over $3 million to fund “information satellite offices” that squash dissent and pump propaganda across North America? That’s...really something. Thanks for the info.
Not awful people. And there’s no reason to keep it secret. X moved on and it’s been nearly a decade.
Get on that shit, man! Get a prototype together and audition for Shark Tank! Make the logo look like a smartphone with a that puzzled chin-rubbing emoji on the screen with a bandaid on its thumb.
I’d put Sue up there in the God tier.
Z doesn’t even count as X’s friend anymore. I mean, I guess I can appreciate OP’s dedication to the usual rules, but all thins considered enough time has elapsed. Plus X seems like a total waste of space, and moved out of the country to boot.
Oh damn.
The whole continent is not burning.
Oh god. Why does it have male-pattern-baldness?
Maybe it is. And damn that sucks. Is the end in sight?
That’s a pretty cat.
Do you not have Facebook where people who actually care can see this?
No, but their parents know all about karmawhoring.
Because it’s a lame and boring thing to post to reddit.
It costs as much as Reddit and significantly less than LEGO.
No problem!
I saw the episode where Tom gives Jean-Ralphio the idea for Entertainment 7-twenty the other day and Tom has to tell him that he has to yelling. And J-R says something like “I know, I just get too excited.” Btw, everyone should listen to the Dead Authors Podcast where Ben Schwartz performs as Roald Dahl. https://radiopublic.com/the-dead-authors-podcast-k6peB8/s1!2f60e
E
T
Oh my god. I responded to the wrong person! My bad.
Fool. You’re far, far less likely to carry a disease if you’re immune to it. Because your body can make the antibodies that destroy it. Now, a person undergoing chemotherapy has a delicate immune system that cannot easily fight any disease, vaccinated for it or not. I’m speculating that it is also in the kid’s best interest not to be around someone who has spent a significant amount of time in a hospital. Although generally sterile places, you can’t be too careful with idiots’ children.
T
How do you think the recent wildfires in Australia will effect climate change policy on a global scale?
A 9 yo didn’t fucking post this.
Still confused. But ok.
If only peanut allergies could be prevented with vaccines.
No? It’s a good sub, and I don’t want to be ruined with this kind of trash.
Did you read him that comment about a massage parlor?
Will do!
Is that a structural formula being torn apart by salamanders?
Are your living room lightbulbs screwed in all the way? Is this an apartment complex or an older building that’s been divided up into apartments?
No, I can be critical of social media posts. Because that’s how social media works.
C
How old are you?
Waking up very early and getting to work an hour before I have to be.
Some people just aren’t dog people. And he was able to overlook the dogs because he loves you. He got to enjoy life without pets for a little while and isn’t looking forward to going back to that loud messy environment. Husband will come back around, he just has to readjust.
“Back When” by Tim McGraw. Ugh.
What?
Yes, that is how social media works.
These Star Wars branded sets shown in the post are most assuredly not $20.
I took an intro Italian class in college and the instructor was a grad or PhD student from Foggia. He was so amazingly good-looking, like an Italian Ken Doll. As the first and only young Italian man I ever met, I kinda have it in my head that all 18-40 year old Italian men are devastatingly handsome. He was always dressed to the nines too. I guess I could google “ugly young Italian men” but I really don’t want to.
Jesus. Is there like a Red Cross or something we can donate to for aid?
Stefan was proud of Foggia!
Ha. It took me a minute, but that’s a lock icon.
That’s toxic behavior. It won’t work out.
Sure.
And it’s just lipstick...
That’s a lot of sugar. Are you overweight?
...is that all muscle?
I’m always amazed by common core math critics. Is this a math question that has any real world application? No. But is it training your brain to really understand how numbers work? Yes. I’m a high school teacher and I’m seeing the first waves of students who were taught math in this way, and they have a great advantage over those who weren’t. They have deep understanding of math and numbers and can do fairly complicated estimations and problems in their heads. I’m pleased with the results of teaching math in this way. Instead of using the early years teaching them a mile wide and and inch deep, they focus on getting a firm understanding on the basics.
They don’t say anything about guns here?
You’re only 17, woman! I’ll bet you’re going to start college or a job in the near future and your world is going to open up. It’s easier said than done, I know, but use this time now to work on yourself. Get some help for the anxiety, find what interests you, get excited for your future. I fear that I sound trite, but I mean it.
If she’s only 13, that would account for the odd proportions; we’re all strange looking at 13. But I don’t understand why she’s dressed up like a casino cocktail waitress.
Ok! Well, let’s see. You’re too young for online dating apps, so that’ll have to wait. Good news is that you’re in college and classes will start back up soon. Are there any student clubs for something you’re interested in? That way you could meet new people.
Ha! Fair enough. I had this username before I started my career. It’s from an old Louis CK standup bit that didn’t age very well.
Or more likely they were taught math completely different and just can’t appreciate this method of teaching or are intimidated by it because they see kids’ homework like this and can’t easily answer it. Which I can totally sympathize with.
I mean, step one is start meeting different people. My advice is to tread water until you’re 18 and can start going out to clubs and use dating apps, etc.
Whichever.
I think making a habit of showing how you came to an answer is an invaluable habit. It reinforces concepts and makes you better able to articulate yourself. I don’t remember how I was taught to square numbers, so I can’t really speak to that.
And that “make 10” step is near-universal among everyone who can do complex arithmetic in their head. This math problem is one of many practice problems.
I didn’t hear anything.
Ain’t nothing that serious, mate.
Guess you’d just use the uppercase i?
Inextricable? Edit: or maybe volatile? As in if a situation were disturbed it would change for the worse?
What if y’all are just good-looking? Irrespective of race.
Damn! Sure does!
Why’d you photo them in front of those speakers? Can’t hardly see what’s reel and what’s not.
Ok! Lemme ask you this though, is this a word that’s like on the tip of tongue that you’ve read/heard before or are you in search of a word for something?
Not really. It’s an exercise in mental math where you “make the 10” to quickly and accurately arrive to an answer. Here it’s challenging because there’s no 10 to begin with, so you have to make it. This is an effort to communicate to *young students* how to do this. It’s fascinating to me that people who are good at mental math nearly all use this method whether it was explicitly taught to them or stumbled upon it themselves.
Strictly speaking, I don’t teach math—and I don’t think I ever could. I teach engineering and robotics, and there’s tons of formulae, measurement, geometry, estimation and every other kinda math involved, but I cannot take credit for my students’ increasingly advanced math skills. That’s all on y’all! And the please-become-admins-because-you’re-an-embarrassment-teachers is a topic for another day!
Can you drum up an example?
Idk much or anything about anime. The only other thing I can really come up with is if an atom loses or gains an electron it then becomes an ion which may the be unstable which I think may lead to radioactivity? I’m totally out of my depth both in terms of atomics and anime. But please update if you find what you’re looking for! Good luck!
My bad. That’s how little I know. Manga is the printed/comic book form and anime is the, well, animated form. There’s bound to be a single word for this, but it’s probably gonna be German.
I’m trying to picture the scenario where two human babies materialize on ancient earth and are not eaten by predators or dead from exposure: and it’s *adorable*. A lonely middle-aged triceratops takes the two infants in and raises them as its own.
As a married woman, I can tell you that it’s entirely likely that a man can get hard even under the most puzzling and stressful situations. I hypothesize that not even a lack of sensation can prevent boners.
Yes. As long as the innards look and smell ok you’re good.
Brains are weird. We fixate on ridiculous and disturbing shit sometimes for no reason. You also could be super stressed out or could have watched a stupid movie that had such a thing in it and your brain (in its desire to not get smashed in) just wants you to know that having your head smashed is a very bad idea and to avoid it. If it becomes an intrusive thought, that is, it constantly interrupts a pleasant thought or derails your concentration, then you might want to talk it out with someone. Hell, talking it out with Reddit may have helped.
A lot of love went into that.
Damn, I have no idea what the text translates to but it certainly makes its point regardless.
Your dad needs a lawyer, and I don’t think it’s up to your friend whether or not he’ll go to jail. Call your insurance company about the check. Say you haven’t received it, and they’ll probably look to see if it’s been cashed or not. If it hasn’t, they’ll probably reissue another one, but may deduct a fee for having to cancel the first check. I’m not totally sure what you should do if has been cashed by someone who isn’t you.
Not bad.
‘Tis indeed.
I wonder how quickly she’d warm to the nickname Peg Legged Peg.
Being marooned in the Atlanta airport during the ice storm in 2014 that just about KOed that whole city. Just a miserable day.
Good grief. How long did it take you to recover?
I remember reading it was close to a month after the storm that all the abandoned cars were cleared off the side of the roads. What a nightmare.
That is gnarly! How long is she gonna be laid up?
My machete in the spare tire compartment of my old truck.
Like a butter knife or like a pocket knife or multitool that has a screwdriver?
I wonder if it got pulled off when she took a sweatshirt off or something?
Holy shit, that’s brutal.
Nice.
Damn. So my understanding of cochlear implants—which is entirely from House, Md.—is that hearing is immediately restored or enabled when the device is “installed” and powered on. How did your kid react to suddenly going deaf those two times?
How?
Nah, our ability to speculate wildly is without bounds.
Exactly, so I don’t really understand why it got me so sick. Like, re-enactments on Forensic Files don’t show gore, but certainly go into great detail about equally brutal and senseless crimes. I don’t get it. Edit: and while don’t relish in animal cruelty I don’t want to imply that I value animal lives over human life. Thinking about it, maybe seeing clips of that actual footage taken by the perpetrator was what was so sickening.
We should start a literal penpal club, where we send each other our gently used pens, and we can cycle them through to each other until everyone’s had a turn with them.
I wonder if anybody got a recording of this Corn Train leaving a trail of corn behind it. I bet that was hilarious to watch. Also, I wonder if the roadkill-by-train number will rise on that track.
Holy shit dude. You were like 19? Damn. But I have to admit the visual of someone pushing their mouth shut to smoke is pretty hilarious.
It had to have been! Bless your heart. Were you paranoid that it would be permanent?
Were you taught fractions in this way and disliked it?
Not choosing beggars.
And they enjoyed the dog on the table...?
R
I like the idea of 1.5 per eye. It would explain why camels always look so smug.
You know I gotta admire the spit of this kid. “I don’t have to listen this. I *really* don’t.”
Cat shit is gross. She should just call animal control, since whining incessantly hasn’t solved the problem yet.
That’s horrifyingly and impressively lifelike.
What are you you waiting for? Put some googly eyes on it and draw it a mustache.
What happens if you lose the ticket?
One of our receptionists has a voice that makes my asshole suck up air. There’s no other way to explain it.
Spend every minute I could with my mom, with the knowledge that she’d die before I was even 35.
To have more fun and not work so hard at long-term relationships with assholes. Mean people may stop being mean eventually, but they’ll always be mean to you.
Ha! Mine’s from an old Louis CK standup bit that didn’t age very well.
Ikr
Were the brake lights on?
Try r/tipofmytongue
Was it animated?
r/stonerengineering I don’t smoke, but this kind of stuff cracks me up. r/techsupportmcgyver is another good one. r/skookum too
Sure they were honking at you? I’ve met a few grouchy bus drivers in my day, who knows if they were signaling you or telling some half-awake kid ambling to the bus to look alive.
Still a good fit there, I’d say.
Oh god that’s the worst I’ve seen in awhile. Excellent find, OP.
Seems like her equipment was faulty or she didn’t engage the signals/guards in time and needed to honk at another driver to make it seem to every witness that you were the inattentive asshole in this situation. Gah. Why do I feel like I’m bagging on bus drivers rn?
I’m struggling to come up with a fourth, and ostensibly, not-so-manly way to wear a scarf around one’s neck.
I envision crackheads sniffing around the Costco parking lot for lost adderall rx tickets. Which is about as dystopian as it gets.
I’ll back up this trained professional to give some anecdotal evidence, OP. I had a nerve die in a tooth not too long after it had a filling and the pain was just as you described—nauseating, throbbing and ceaseless. It was like all the nerves in the surrounding teeth were throwing a raucous jazz funeral that dead nerve. The dentist prescribed me some hydrocodone to help with the pain until I could get back in for a root canal and the Vicodin didn’t even put a dent in the pain. Just made me itchy all over. But 500mg of Tylenol and 600mg of Advil did the trick. You can’t wait until it wears off though, you gotta keep taking it all every 6 hours.
Because it makes them feel like they’re special, or like they’re martyrs, or like they’re thugs. Or they have $100ks in the bank to cover the medical bills of their dogs’ victims and can’t find a better use of the money.
Fermentation is an ancient way to preserve food. And it’s also delicious in many applications.
Like, if you’re called upon to be conscripted into each’s miltary?
That’s something that’s likely volatile from week to week. I would stay in the country you currently reside in and not attempt travel to the other country.
And volatile and attack for any or no reason—because they were bred by dogfighters. Every pitbull-enthusiast is enthusiastic until their dog mangles another person or animal, and they may continue to be martyrs until they have to pay hospital bills. That’s their choice, though.
“Waahhh! You didnt say what I wanted you to say!!!!”
Good point.
Nah, that’s sweet.
Sure.
How did the argument start, exactly?
What??
Did you point that out?
So she rips apart your potential date’s looks (tacky and rude) and then has some kind of bizarre melt down. Yeah, you’ve definitely outgrown this friendship.
Dude that’s awesome! If the prof wants to pass, ask him to recommend someone who might be interested. Good luck! I hope to see your idea play out.
Keep it secret, keep it safe. You’re being smart.
Thing is that’s ok to change! You should grow and change as a person. Not sure what her problem is, but it’s clearly not you.
In that wiki article OP linked it mentions huge fuel laundering outfits by paramilitary groups in Ireland. That is fucking insane.
Prohibitively so in most cases. Even short travel abroad is out of reach.
State matters here. Where are you?
Hold on to that one! Use it to hustle.
Raisins get a lot of hate for some reason. But I love them. And looking at these rolls is making me hungry.
What exactly does paramilitary mean in this context?
Good luck tomorrow, my dude!
God that’s a badass idea!
I’m ignorant. Tell me more.
I’m sure you are! Get a good night’s sleep and get a fancy coffee in the morning. You’ll kill it!
Charisma on Command and First We Feast.
Or a giant flag like some kind of dictator.
Under extreme stress. You feel like you just wanna run and hide or scream and throw a punch—but in most circumstances that is not what you should do.
That’s awesome and super romantic!
Out of habit by this point.
Irreverent ways that the Australian wildfires may have started.
That’s a beautiful picture.
Y’all’ve been together long enough that you should be able to behave the way you feel inside. He’s laid back, he should be able to handle this very human side of you. Try it and see.
She’s young and wants to stay busy. Is it boring to her when she stays with you during the weekends? Like she could be one of those who just can’t sit still and fancy dinners may not be her style, no matter who pays for it. Ask her to plan the whole upcoming weekend and see what she says. She may also be saving up for something big.
Unfortunately here just means “it really sucks that we can’t get together when you wanted” but they want you to ask them out again later in the month. So you should do that!
I believe that in Mexico at least “huevos” which translates to eggs is slang for balls.
That’s not true everywhere in the US.
Check that sweat soaking his shirt. Dude don’t play at playing.
Didn’t realize just how gay New Jersey was.
There’s at least one state in the US where the only real requirements to be married is that the two agree that they are married and to have had sex. Maybe the garden of Eden was there.
I wanna say Montana?
It seems like you take people’s thoughts and opinions close to heart. And I think it’s awesome that you’ve got a lot of friends and can navigate the scene, but it seems like you’re letting the silly gossip get to your head. You’re in a relationship, and that’s a private and special thing. People are gonna try and needle into your romantic life, and you should not engage in that—they’re just gossip mining. You’re not necessarily being defined by your boyfriend, keep that in mind. Now when you need to vent about him, and you will and should, you gotta have some close friends who won’t milk you for drama. You be you. When they start asking too much about your and your boyfriend say something benign and then change the subject to something that you’ve accomplished that you’re proud of. “Oh, how are you and bf doing? I heard x, y, z...” “We’re great! Having a lot of fun. Did I tell y’all about this [x] that I [y]?”
Gah I love this so much. *Get back! Come here!*
Hopefully those rules of thumb are the laws they enforce. Seriously, what kind of question is this?
So the man who impregnated you is so insecure that only a woman doctor can examine you? And when the mother of his child feels like something is wrong, his first worry isn’t about her or the baby’s health, rather, it’s about the gender of the only qualified person to assess the aforementioneds’ health. Gross. This so fucking gross. I hope you find the ways and means to get out of this unholy situation.
I do not predict that someone who views the obgyn of the mother of his child as a legitimate “threat” to his status would be keen to change their view on practically anything.
Seems like y’all both need comfort at the moment. Not saying it’s super healthy to find comfort in each other for the long term necessarily. But the warmth of an old friend for a little while might be the balm in y’all’s Gilead.
The Love Boat, sheeeeit!
Excellent.
Casper mattresses. Holy balls they’re comfy.
Oh god. You never truly appreciate conditioned air until you have to sleep without it. Especially on the gulf coast in hurricane season.
What kind of job do you have?
It’s a well-known fact that the night shift has negative effects on a person’s wellbeing. How long have you been doing this? Not saying it’s necessarily the cause.
More like *Bored* games, amirite?
His head is huge. Like the proportions of a toddler.
It’s on the “cute” side. Maybe not what you’re going for?
I got a refurbished one from eBay for around $175. The face is sort of scratched and the first time the battery ran completely down it wouldn’t recharge until I used a legit Apple Watch charger. I thought it was completely hosed after only having it a month. Luckily it was just a charger issue. My advice is to get a refurbed one, buy an official cable and spring for any warranty/insurance that the seller may offer.
It’s good!
Is the money being transferred stolen?
Ever had a tuna salad melt? Life changing.
Like sweet, heavy KC Masterpiece BBQ sauce?
I bought it on Prime when it was first available, $2 an episode I believe. Do the Blu Rays have additional stuff?
I had just met my now-husband. We were late-night drunken hookup partners. Never thought things would go this far!
First I heard it since I wanna say around 2003? lol
Excellent critique of this poster! I love stuff like this.
Then as now, homie!
Specifically pork.
He looks old and wise.
T
Maybe its heads turned a bit.
That stock photo really is something...
It would gray and twice the mass.
Yes it does. The one further away looks smaller that the one closer to you.
I wonder if there’s another photo in this series where the old man is in the wheelchair and the woman is wearing a suit and cackling as she runs off with the wheel and a crescent wrench.
What’s with that weird halo of light around them?
I wouldn’t say anything. I don’t think it’s necessary. What’s that gonna solve, you know? Do you want to stay with your gf though? That’s really the question.
Asking a subordinate out is a dick move. Full stop.
Not really. I mean, I think you feel like you should tell her something because she told you about a date she went on when y’all were broken up. “Hey so my friend who was over the other night is super hot by the way.” Play the tape, mate. That’s gonna shatter your woman’s confidence. Are you sure you’re not trying to get her to break up with you? Are you absolutely sure you want to be with her? Or did leading on a fine young thing for an evening stroke your ego enough to last you a lifetime with your current “moody lately” woman?
Or he wants *somebody, anybody* to know that he almost fucked a hot younger woman but chose not to out of loyalty because he’s the best there ever was.
Huh. That asks more questions than it answers.
To be fair it’s not hers specifically; it was made by some dude.
All_pressed
Chuck looks awesome in that first pic! He’s kidding around and having fun. The second looks like normal stock photo fare. That’s a strange mashup to be sure. Good eye though, dude!
Why this impulse to emphasize to your woman that the friend you had over is hot and wanted your dick but yet you turned her down? “Look, I could have gotten with something better but didn’t. Thank me.” Is how it comes across.
The calamity?
Any good news?
Don’t fucking tell her that you were thisclose to fucking that fine young thing in your place whom you picked up a party that made you feel old.
Definitely a fishing weight.
He looks more like Alec Baldwin anyway.
U
R
D
Goodbye
Mr. Listen!
Corolla and Camry are both Japaniszied words for “crown”.
True that. I’m in my 30s and my eyes are getting a noticeably-darker blue, and the whitish/yellow streaks are getting oranger/browner. I still like them, but it’s odd that in a few years they’ve changed so much. I’m starting to wonder if weird shit in mascara (like eyelash thickening stuff) is to blame. My dad’s haven’t darkened, and we had the same color eyes when I was younger.
But that doesn’t set the plaintiffs back any cash.
Ah, yes, this is singularly the only way to reverse brain washing.
Inconveniently-placed nuts and bolts are easier to get to if the wrench is has fewer faces. And I’ve encountered far more inconveniently-placed nuts and bolts than any other type.
Is that a rat or like a pet hamster or something?
Never taken it myself, but my understanding is that it gets you wired and hyper?
Your tongue kinda wants to stick to the roof of your mouth and your breath is stale.
Oh god—what a nightmare. Wasps are such dicks.
Lol
Holy shit. Excellent find, OP.
It doesn’t like it, surely you know that but you do it anyway. I want to know *why* you put a dress on a dog. It may be used to it and figures it might not get fed if it protests so I understand why its got a dress on. But why did you dress a dog up?
You do sound exhausting, tbh.
Nah, you alright. Butts are sort of fascinating! I look at people’s eye color in the same type of way. Every iris is unique. I probably come across creepier than you ever will.
So...you creeped on social media to “make sure” she was where she said she was. I honestly hope she was not there and instead spending that day formulating a fuck-off plan—finding a new place to live, arranging times for friends/family to help her safely move out, disentangling her banking, setting up a new phone number, etc.
It clearly was, but rodents can swim like champs. I doubt it suffered any harm.
Whoa—you think this is helping it? Like, you think this thin polyester dog dress keeps it warm?
I’m still scratching my head over your comment. Edit: Wait! I get it now: you’re wondering what went wrong in the bonsai trees’ growth. I’m slow today.
I can see your point. But damn. A wasp said “this sleeping person’s mouth is either a threat or prey. I’m going in either way because I’m proud to say that I’m among the greatest assholes in the Arthropod Phylum.”
So concerned about other people’s feelings but needs to get someone to take their shit ten hours a week for no pay. That’s a hard pass.
No thanks.
Wow.
They’re really cute.
Maybe you shouldn’t do this alone.
Totally worth checking out! People are so nice, but even if you get there and feel shy they won’t push you.
You may already know about this, but here’s a handy meeting finder https://al-anon.org/al-anon-meetings/find-an-al-anon-meeting/
Awww
The zipper is stuck.
Go to work after not getting enough sleep.
I’m good at fixing/repairing mechanical things.
Q E-motherfucking-D! That explains it all!!
I’m not OP so I don’t know.
That’s a great picture!
Literally every time.
Jesus. I’m so sorry. Is your brother out of your life?
This is so...depressing.
If you have to ask, then it’s too much.
I don’t think this was untimely. Did you try just calling her?
Houston. The plot is to get where you need to go without having to take a detour due to traffic snarls. I love Houston, I really do—but damn that traffic.
I love the look of transparent pc towers.
That song is catchy as hell!
This made me cringe on visceral level. Idk how else to describe it. Ugh
God that’s badass.
What was that like? Were you dining in the ‘before’ or ‘after’ kitchen?
My husband.
“I don’t know about all that”
Wait, it’s not alive is it?
Something just dawned on me though—the presence of tiny cockroaches is often a sign of a nasty infestation. Y’all might want to look into that.
Are you under an unusual amount of stress? You could be grinding your teeth at night (bruxism). And as anecdote, my mom used to have dreams about her teeth falling out when she was super stressed out. Stress does weird stuff to your sleep.
They really don’t do anything?
Ah, yes. I love waking up at my usual time on days off without the alarm.
What are those?
I mean the roommate put her hands all over them, best to return the favor.
Louisianan here to ask, how the hell do you get out? Are you just stuck until it warms up? Gah, it’s making me claustrophobic.
“Fear of young people in large groups” is a stupid news cliche as old as time. Like this generation of young people have so much going for them and I think it’s gonna be a joy to watch.
Welcome to the world of glasses! I didn’t get them until I was an adult too. Love being able to see far away. Hold on to a copy of your prescription, because I highly recommend eyebuydirect.com. You can get frames and lenses so much cheaper, so if you want to change up your look, get a spare or even some prescription sunglasses that site makes it pretty easy.
What a slumlord! *Trapped in your apartment, you say? Eh, gimme 10 hours or so. What’s wrong with the storm door? It’s a door to keep you from going out in a storm, wth. Raising rent by $200 next month btw.*
Oooh...what happened?
That is about as handsome as a chicken nugget could be, I must say.
Those scrambled eggs look way over done.
I think peanut butter is primarily an American thing.
I mean it was made of natural rubber before synthetics.
That would take fucking ages to photo every page—even if you’re careful just to scan the relevant ones. Fuck that. Just go in halfsies/thirdsies/fourthsies with some classmates and you’ve also got the benefit of a study group.
Here’s a horrible alternative. A couple days ago I was in Walmart trying to check out and a worker flags me over to check out with her and her handheld smartphone scanner thing half in the way of everyone else in the store. It took way too long, I had to shuffle items from arm to arm while pawing my debit card out of wallet and juggle even more shit while she struggled to get the card scanner thing to work AND she had BO. Idk if this is something Walmart is really trying to push for the future, but next time I’m flagged over for this I’m gonna say no thanks.
Fair enough.
2000 scanning technology or 2020 scanning technology?
I’m a USA interloper here in this sub but dude, I gotta tell you that Vegemite is awesome. The taste is difficult to describe—salty with a deep umami flavor. A little goes a long way. Check out r/snackexchange and hook up with some Aussies to send you some if you can’t buy it online.
Nah! It’s awesome.
No way! Louisiana, USA checking in to counter that yeast extract paste is delicious.
What does that title translate to? “Head” something. I like it!
With waffles! 🤘
You have cats that haven’t been fixed cooped up inside? That’s a nightmare.
That’s fantastic! Lol. Love it.
Haha thanks. It’s from a Louis CK standup bit that didn’t age very well. You, naturally and normally, want companionship. She provides that, but her companionship comes with so, so much nonsense that at this stage in the relationship and at y’all’s age just isn’t worth it. It’ll take some time (a month at most) to disentangle your emotions from her, but I’ll bet you’re gonna get out there and start having fun and meeting self-sufficient and confident women in no time at all. Just make it a clean break! Good luck, mate!
Congrats! Your sister is a champ.
How far away is your new place from your sister’s?
There’s no way.
You’re probably gonna love living alone before long. Every now and then I miss it. Thanks, my username is from a Louis CK standup bit that didn’t age very well. Haha
Nice! I think you’re the second person to recognize where it came from in all these years.
O
I have a friend whose brother died in a car accident when he was 16 because someone pulled out a stop sign as a Halloween prank. Assume that they’re all real, please.
Drop that bill into your retirement fund.
I’ve heard that specifically spoken Portuguese has some weirdness. Like syllables are swallowed/left out? Maybe someone more familiar will chime in.
I can understand that, like “the connection is good”.
I get a kick out of the, to me at least, ridiculously long and super specific German words.
You get kinda loopy for a minute and then...wake up from surgery. You’ll feel groggy for a bit. Not dangerous.
Spaghetti mixed with melted velveeta. I still get nauseated thinking back on it.
I am straight up envious of this.
This is enraging, because it’s so fucking predictable. I struggle with addiction and learned the hard way to never, ever tell a doctor that. Why? Because of this shit right here. I’ve been banned from an addiction sub because I give this advice. Got an addiction problem but also a health problem? Best leave out that first part if you want to be treated as a human. Like fuck. Damn.
They 100% dismissed her as a junkie and sat back like smug assholes, chortling as she collapsed in on herself in pain.
Nothing what LAOP said sounded like an infection.
Best to assume LAOP’s a manipulative junkie then!
Lol no
They’d just assume you were being a belligerent drug-seeking asshole and leave you there until shift change.
What happens if you double click on AOL?
My guess is that Reddit was testing that in a certain block of users for a small window of time to see if that increased the amount of revenue from gilding. Pretty humdrum revenue systems testing. Kinda cool that you got to see it.
Can you link to an example in the that or this post of a user getting those two things mixed up?
My great grandmother had a feral cat colony she’d feed leftover biscuits and milk to every morning, my mom said she wanted them around to control the rats. I’m pretty sure she didn’t get the cats fixed, and coyotes took care of any cat overpopulation. Once, my mom and her cousin spent all day trying to catch a kitten, and were heartbroken when it wasn’t friendly. (They were kids). Just a memory I had when I read your comment!
You can only expect to recoup that which you lost; which appears to be not much. RIP
Commercial rather than company, but essentially the same idea.
Like it’s got a secret on you.
Please name him Spike.
The big cat shape by the bottom of the tree in front, if in unlikely case you don’t see it.
What I like to do is read along with the audiobook. Edit: I had dyslexia as a kid but I had wonderful teachers and grew out of it. I have a masters degree and a great career, so whatever they did with me certainly worked. HOWEVER now in my thirties I’ve gotten out of practice of reading for prolonged periods of time, and the same stuff like “floaty” lines of text and characters have come back. :( My point is—don’t stop reading as soon as you don’t have to.
Good! You posted a boring picture of people we don’t care about. Use Facebook, Twitter, whatever else—Reddit isn’t the place for this.
Did you have a miscarriage or did your baby die?
He’s over you. You’re not getting back together. And you sound like a crazy person right now. Take a breath.
The kiwi slice as her left eye is nice touch!
Reminds me of when they’d all dance in the old Peanuts cartoons.
I would absolutely try them at least once. I imagine if they had a little bit of salt and cayenne they’d be ok, but would stray from the flavor they were originally going for.
Ear blankets!
Do the textures feel different enough? That would be a compelling challenge, tbh. Edit: I’ve played with one of these with just the outlines are colored and it’s super confusing.
Where’s her left arm?
Damn. That’s cold.
I really like it.
“All-except-pasteurized-processed-American-cheese-food? Double high-five!”
My username? It’s from a “super edgy” Louis CK standup bit that didn’t age very well.
So...call animal control? Even though that nets you less karma? Surely you had the time since you watched it move from near the door to the sun?
Using is the problem, not the break up six month ago. Take care of yourself before there’s no way out. Nothing about addiction is easy, my sweet. But you know what you have to do.
Try sunless tanning lotions. But understand that you get what you pay for. But whatever you do, please don’t go to a tanning bed. As a very pale person myself I regret every millisecond I spent in a tanning bed!!
Do tell...
How many bowls do you think there should be? It had shelter. How many shelters do you think it should have? The dog is just fine. You tried real hard to karmawhore here, and you got a little attention, so let’s call it a win for you.
Call animal control, go inside and ask to see the manager about the poor dog with adequate shelter and food and water bowls. Be sure to tell them how “mildly infuriating” their care of this animal is. Then call animal control again and Insist they come out and say “this animal is being taken care of.” God what a fucking loser you are, OP.
lol. OP watched the dog move from the shadows to the sunshine, saw a dog house and food and water bowls. Can’t quite nail down what OP is so mildly infuriated about. I’ll never understand karmawhores.
Lord Peeington is cracking me up.
Have you thought about getting some certifications like compTIA A+, network+, or security+? People in CS often say those certs don’t mean anything, but when an employer is looking at your resume they like to see that you’ve been educated/trained in specific areas.
Some dumb cow was eating fast food in the fucking dentists office lobby the other day. It was gross and loud. And said dumb cow had no self awareness.
Hippie girl can go to hell. Music Blasting dude was being the rudest most obnoxious human and it took like six people to correct him and after he finally did, this hippie girl comes over to admonish OP for doing the right thing.
Metro Detroit is a fucking hero.
Your first sentence does not point anything out.
Shitty earbuds users can eat a dick too because we can STILL HEAR THE MUFFLED BASS AND TINNY PERCUSSION. It’s fucking obnoxious.
I’ve been told it’s all about “making the 10”. This is a super annoying “mombie blog” type post, but it covers the basics.
I wonder if it’s full of condescending pedants.
You showed up to gym class with an injury but provided no note or documentation and then threw a temper tantrum instead of simply walking to the office so that administration can call your family and figure out why you’ve been sent to school injured. “BUT IDVE GOTTEN IN TROUBLE FOR LEAVING CLASS!!” No, loser, if it were the dire emergency you said it was, you would have not gotten in trouble for that. How embarrassing for you.
So...she’s loyal. Chill.
Sewedhewendjewebs
Oppositional
But it hurt enough that you knew you were unable to participate in class? And instead of going to administration you acted like an asshole, by some other means than throwing a temper tantrum. And then evidently your mom threw a temper tantrum like an asshole as well. Not sure what the fuck the proximity of your house has to do with anything, but ok.
A fire suppression system?
Aren’t Super Bowl ads like a million dollars per second?
I feel like your misusing the phrase “sexual health.” You mean to say “safe sex”.
I feel you. My nephews, brother in law and I huddled around a laptop for an hour watching NASA and Spacex launch the falcon 9/Dragon into orbit on Saturday. Such a special thing to watch! I even got a little teary-eyed. Later that night I listened as my brother-in-law explained to his 10 yo kid why people are rioting. The kid asked “did the cop kill him on purpose?” I’m losing track of my point.
I’m glad you said that. Lately it is indeed all extremes. It’s a helpless feeling. 😔
That was lovely to read ❤️
You have a way with a gentle words, that is a fine quality.
I’m confused why you’ve posed them on ammo boxes for the picture.
Oh god I fee so dumb rn. Hahaha!
Just a coincidence.
The berry drop rate has appeared to be lowered too.
Well, most of the world records dates in a DDMMYY format, for one thing. And the emergency phone number certainly varies, across countries too. Of all the things to ponder about the September 11th 2001 attacks, I don’t think the numerals and the order thereof in the date matter much.
Dad added! I would appreciate anyone adding me too 2076 7290 2106
A foreboding popup tell you such and you can’t play until you’ve clicked off the “I agree” button. At least that’s what others are saying.
Looks so badass! Don’t purify it. And show it off!
Reasons vary, but often if you have an older iPhone each new update can potentially KO your phone. Maybe someone else can chime in.
The bulbasaur one that says “BYE!” is the worst. Like why would I tell a friend who I want to continue being friends with “BYE!”? It looks rude.
That’s tough about the job. Damn, sorry to hear that.
Ikr? I was thinking the same thing! I think my only real advice is to not allow him to pay anything into the mortgage, that might give him some ownership of OP’s property. It’s not particularly romantic, but maybe look into having him sign on as a renter? But that would make you a landlord and those laws are highly specific to exactly where you live. Oh, and if you don’t see yourself marrying this dude, I wouldn’t go moving in with him. You’re young and successful and it looks like you’re already outgrowing him.
Break up with her.
I like it too! You can program it so that it makes no sound either. No buzzing or beeping. I like it a lot.
Women over 65 get infinite plank skills. Just the way it is.
I teach drafting/CAD. At the beginning they learn to hand sketch and it can be super intimidating and frustrating at first. I tell them “draw what you see, not what is there” which is to say “you’re not drawing a calculator, your drawing ‘a straight line here, a curved line down here, another sorta slanty line coming up from that curved one, etc.” They eventually get it! Butdamn does that “draw what you see, not what is there” line make eyes roll and stomachs churn.
I got a chuckle.
Breaking Bad. Even though it premiered in 2008. It is hands down the best TV show since the invention of such. (Hulu’s The Great is a contender, I hope they make more). And I’d be remiss if I didn’t say Forensic Files. It ran for a long time, and HLN actually recently rebooted it and it’s just as well-done.
Is that a kid pool? Are you gonna that next?
I like it! Whatcha gonna paint next?
Love the hair!
Knives are badass, don’t get me wrong. But I think your space one on the lower right is something more along the lines of what most people would buy and hang on their wall. But I do have to say that the one with the three knives on the far upper right is my favorite. I dig the contrast of a rigid uniform pattern against free form washes of color. I like your choices of colors too.
I’ve had some decks that live and die by like two Pokémon cards and if they’re a prize card then I’m hosed. These weren’t very good decks, but fun to play. I’m like you though, I’ll ride the game out no matter what. You learn more from failure anyway, at least I do.
You can’t always get what you want between a rock and a hard place.
I’ve never seen pink honeysuckle! How beautiful. They’re all an off-white color here in Louisiana.
Sitting in a squatting position for inhumanly long periods of time. People say it’s odd and looks uncomfortable. It feels natural to me. Shrug.
That’s empathy for you. When I learn a little more about what makes a person the way they are, I soften my heart and be a little more gentle and patient. Sometimes though no amount of backstory can turn a totally obnoxious person into a friend. That’s just people for you.
Why Chris keeps inviting John P to parties even though he knows John P skeeves everyone out.
Not the point, but do kittens like the sound of the violin?
My moral compass isn’t fucked. I asked a question and you wildly misinterpreted it in the most unhinged way possible. You need a nap or something. Good grief.
They look so tropical! I’d love a trellis of pink and yellow honeysuckle. I too wonder if they have the same fragrance. I might go to Lowe’s and see if they’ve got any.
OP’s work is damn decent, right?! I wonder what subject he could replace knives with? I think they have a lockdown on mechanical shapes. A block and tackle would do nice in his style. https://www.garrettwade.com/block-and-tackle-rope-hoist.html Worm gear as well https://images.app.goo.gl/fe49mtRNnFCoyZpJ6 Camshaft assemblies. Pocket watch innards. Sketches of machine subassemblies with that dreamy watercolor OP’s got a knack for? It def appeals to me!
No purpose outside of general curiosity.
Why not? It could be soothing.
I mean I value human like more than anything but I had a simple question about cats and violins and OP just goes apeshit. It would be funny if it weren’t so sad.
What?
My username is a thing now to you?
D
I admire you for getting the courage to go see a doctor for something like this. That’s guts. As for short term chapped lips treatments, and I not a doctor but battling chapped lips for as long as I can remember. Try putting some neosporin on at them at night, in the morning exfoliate your lips by rubbing them with a towel or a sugar and olive oil paste. Third, every 30 minutes slick on some Carmex or the tube of lipbalm angst neutragena makes.
I did one of those online DNA tests years ago and I’m actually 10% Jewish and it could have originated in Poland. I want to say that it said Jewish Diaspora? Not sure if I’m wording that right. So maybe!
Sorry about that! I am too!
This is hilarious! But I think your instinct to not make him wear them around the house is correct. Kid didn’t know, and kids are so hardheaded that the more you tried to talk him out of it, the more he doubled down. Edit: and don’t let Reddit have any say in the matter. Kid’s learned a lesson, and his father shouldn’t be a bully.
Oh wow—this is a fantastic song! How I’ve gone 30-something years never having heard it before now is tragic.
Perhaps it’s like the TARDIS.
Another dresser and mirror?
