Yup. Thats why I hate when people talk about wanting "the next Obama". like, love the guy but no. We need someone who can run competent foreign policy
I mean, Georgia was in 2008
All the media they consume is pro-Kremlin propaganda so...
Not really excited about any of them, but right now I like Swalwell cuz hes my rep
If only
Why is that hard to believe? Epstein is a known pedophile and trump has nothing but compliments for him and he even got upset and kicked someone out of a rally when they held up a picture of Epstein, Donald trump rapes kids. Thats a fact
"now"
truly scum. i guess its not surprising that commies would be classless
Anti war is tacitly pro genocide (and almost always benefits the Kremlin see: World Peace Council hosted by the USSR)
Almost like their perspective is straight outta the kremlin
But genocide isn't exclusive to one political side. Ask the Ukrainians
No language is prescriptive.
Prescriptive = making arbitrary rules about language Descriptive = describing the rules native speakers inherently use in their language
man i gotta stop eating pencils
Warriors obv
i know
No actual centrist or neoliberal thinks hes an intellectual. Stop mischaracterizing people who are right wing as "centrist"
this but semion mogilevich
you post in cringeanarchy
if browsing trans subs taught me anything is you will look hotter and about ten years younger.
yes but he runs our defense
worship the almighty magic money tree
Magnitsky. targets individuals instead of the entire country
Everybody is calling them Nazis, which isnt exactly wrong, but theyre much more about their misogyny than the racism
if its more than 0 its too many
yeah trans people hate the filthy gays
i read this as anime and found the comments very confusing
"a few". Cringeanarchy was literally created because cringe wasn't bigoted enough for them
Also she's coastal. "real" americans the the coasts
It's literally a sub for bigotry you're not fooling anyone
Better dead the het
I was there when cringe anarchy was created you ain't fooling anyone
AOC lied about every aspect of her background. very shady
Because he actually wanted her to win
NB's count as trans and wouldnt necessarily have dysphoria
Chris Hayes is Chief Editor at The Nation which is a Kremlin propaganda rag
Can confirm. I got a B+ in differential geometry yet i understand none of it
Cows contribute quite a lot to climate change. Glad to see you don't care about the planet we all inhabit
stupid
Yeah her wingspan is freakish. Very fun to watch
i love jerebko. such a great pickup
french presidents are never popular. its the nature of france
Lol. Dude has been money laundering for the mob since the 80s. I know, the USIC knows it, the SCO knows it and the DOJ knows it
Chapos accusing others of not understanding people's ideology is peak irony. They don't have a single idea of what we believe in
Of course horse shoe is real. Most of the vehement deniers are leftists. Another thing to note is that they are both backed and amplified by the Kremlin hence the putinism exhibited by both
Ted Cruz is trump but competent. He was using Cambridge Analytica before trump
I never said that
lol
at the end of the day, men are still men. complete trash
["Nomiki Konst Is a fucking treasure. So glad she's on our side"](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a3sgll/democratic_socialist_to_tucker_carlson_you_dont/eb8rpnu/)
Michael Avenatti has now become full trump on twitter. What an obnoxious fuck
Of course they are. Russia has its hands in pretty much any subversive behaviors
China steals a shitload from others tho. Corporate espionage is their thing
That's basically what happened. Red Scare was an op to make critiques of communism seem hysterical. His mentor was Roy Cohn who also mentored trump
just gonna ignore that Japan controlled Burma and the seas then huh
Saying you dont want your son to be gay isnt a joke
He did not apologize
yeah i enjoyed that one
What the fuck are you even taking about. Japan controlled the main path ways to trade in Bengal region
Congrats!
we are. most people arent for M4A
Mueller literally has all the SIGINT and so do our allies. Dont listen to fuckwits
stop these slanderous lies. That was not Rex Tillerson it was Wayne tracker
Shes a Justice Dem
nintendo shooter where you play as squid kids. its amazing
Several sentencing memos were already released and they directly implicated trump in felonies
yes? hours ago
thats not what fucking socialism is. Government safety nets are capitalism
your definitions are way off
Socialism = means of production owned by the workers
I just had somebody on Twitter tell me Rick Wilson is far left. Kill me now fam
Doubtful but they could have been court ordered to not operate the account
Okhrana literally wrote The Protocols and had their hand in The Black Hand of Serbia. Russian secret police have their hands in every major problem of the 20th century
Wow another redditor who actually knows about Semion. A rare but welcome sight
That's only because morons like you think the left is only anti capitalist. Center left is a thing and Obama was one
You would be wrong
fuck you now im trying not to cry at work
Soc dems are not center left, leftist is anti capitalist but the left isn't. Obama was not fucking right wing
Definitely bots. Justice Dems = DSA = 🇷🇺
He will once people take to the streets to protest
Also worse because the NYT was well aware there were links
Putin much weaker now
Sarah Kendzior is a Kremlin asset. Do not listen to her
And we're all eagerly awaiting for you to return to Seattle
yeah because the rest of the world is soooo tolerant to us
The pension thing pissed off a lot people. FVEY rolling up his operations. Putins state is very fragile rn
I am right. I have been right about nearly if not 100% of things regarding Kremlin activity since 2016. Her daddy is a mobster and she's an asset. Look at her friendship with several other Kremlin assets. They aren't coincidences
That's not his account. She's good friends with Chalupa and Ariana Gic(is that her name or just her handle?) who are 100% veritable assets
Because someone was leaking to Giuliani he was trying to get out ahead of it
He's an fbi director,he shouldn't be good at politics. He was good at leading the FBI and that's what matters
Trump investigation is CI. Differnt beast than just emails
Exactly. Okhrana behind WWI, white russians helped form early nazi party etc...
Call it what it is. Information and psychological warfare. They stole data from Facebook, medical records etc. They profile users and inundate them with tailored propaganda. It's information war being conducted by military intelligence
[so amazing](https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/05/this-is-what-transgender-rights-in-europe-looks-like/). plus there are countries where you must live as the other gender for like a year before you can get HRT
yes. it was always extremist
Yet they still have a lot to do. Like I said, there's not really anywhere good for us some are just better, but not good
Ben Shapiro is a propagandist who is likely to be indicted
true neoconservatism has never been tried
FARA boiii
And an e. It's bukkake not bukaki fuckin americans
Well yeah but I also speak a little japongo
I will never understand the trans communities for leftism
&gt;edit: also lol at the guy in her replies sayiing neoliberalism is evil because it "erodes natural economies" This message brought to you by anprim gang
They are either majority ethnicity supremacists (e.g African communism, Chinese communism) or are usually blind to the lefts failure to properly address institutional racism and sexism
Capitalism has brought billions of people out of poverty and is set to eliminate poverty in our lifetimes. So evil
I think there are arguments that the new deal prolonged the depression too iirc
Different kind of politicking
god these people are weird fuckin losers
completely unironically too. theyre currently abetting a genocide of the rohyinga in myanmar
bro, americans literally never shut the fuck up about meat. you dont really notice until you stop eating it, how obsessed our food culture is with meat
Michael Moore is a kremlin propagandist. AOC certainly seems to be very RU
You jest but his 3 was a pleasant surprise. Such a great pickup
I already post there boi
https://ourworldindata.org/extreme-poverty
Bernie has apparently never gone to a grocery store. I guess he just stole his bread from his neighbor
The tech guys are so fucking right wing it's not even funny. They also all have ties to RU mob, especially fuckerberg
Yeah but the rent seeking of the Canadian dairy industry sucks
You're username is a play on that one guy who was a nazi tho right?
I'll take VENONA over this shoddy work
Also funded by a republican
Koch brothers dad started by working for the nazis and soviets. True dirtbag centrist
It's hilarious that you think either is neoliberal
The leadership is right wing. Plus all the libertarian tech bros
Bootlicker has to be one of the most annoying and overused insult
broke: believing in lizard people woke: believing you **are** a lizard person
actually, i dont
its way better written though
its an active measure being pushed because [its easy to defraud](https://www.wired.com/2016/03/john-mininno-medicare/). also i prefer a multipayer system because they are generally better and it is more politically feasible
we already have a doctor shortage tho. we will have to ration care further and you know americans will bitch about waiting longer
apparently didnt play enough games
derivative
[also this](https://twitter.com/VickerySec/status/1068623202610380800)
he literally has the receipts that shows this. cruz worked with cambridge analytica before they moved to trumps campaign. stop downplaying this shit
obviously
&gt; Yet the #1 polluter, China, is taking big steps to address the issue [No they arent](https://twitter.com/Noahpinion/status/1070396213378265088)
she lied about every aspect of her background
No it isnt you fucking liar. They routinely call for violence against minorities and shit
god russia is pathetic. imagine what they could be like if they tried to improve their country instead of trying to fuck up everyone elses
you never have to give up cartoons
which is pretty ehhhh....
wait is he really back?
agreed. I liked her a lot at first, now shes near the bottom of my list
hell ye
finally, the perfect sub
Nah they think the US is worse
And yet the chapos are all cheering this. Deplorables
It was also a lot of nazi nonsense
Nah
Then you're probably a fuckin nazi. Alt right is just a politically correct way to say fascist
Also Ted Cruz was giving voter data to a russian mobster to help his campaign
Bernies surrogates have been running smears against him for like two weeks now. Currently they are attacking kamala
What a cynical view. Just be yourself
Commies aren't fascist dumbass. I don't like them either. Your lack of understanding of ideologies nuances shows you for the partisan you are. And you act as if Jewish people can't be fascist lol. Ben Shapiro is a fuckin fash. And before you try and claim he isn't, he was editor of Breitbart and wrote anti Ukrainian propaganda at the behest of Paul Manafort
[The best dril tweet hands down](https://twitter.com/dril/status/1069304846551904256?s=19)
&gt;So what is someone who is liberal but not progressive (and favors doing whatever we can to support the spread democracy and civil rights abroad) to do? Make sure you vote in primaries. The progressive wing isn't as strong as it seems online. Also you could try running for office &gt;The GOP does seem to have given up on oppressing the LGBTQ crowd Nah they are still trying to attack us trans folk
Yeah you can
Follow the DOJ on Twitter. We are slowly but steadily rolling up the piece of shit low life mobsters who are responsible for our ills. Trump winning just accelerated this
Parents usually aren't from what I've seen.
If sexuality is a choice I don't see why anyone would be het
Reminder that 2016 was a joint Russian and Chinese op that started in late 2010
&gt; high rent, as someone who lives in the bay, lol
No, its because hes not bernie. They are smearing him for "taking money from oil and gas companies" without understanding that 1) those are from individuals, not the companies themselves and 2) Texas has a lot of oil and gas companies. They also ignore that Bernie is in the top 10 of people receiving money from the Defense industries
They have the same penchant for violence and would want to kill you over the 1/3 difference
The boucher that used to be on the dubs g league team?
duh
Chapos: Liberals get the bullets too Fascists: Liberals get the bullets You: Lets invite Ahmadinejad to Chapo
If only
Why the fuck are kamala and warris here. They are antithetical to neoliberalism. Did a succ make this?
Hes a tariff man
I love when the hets act like same sex marriage is the only barometer. Especially with tulsis virulently homophobic past
Gross
It's because the RU mob has exploited that.
beaucoup
If sexuality and gender is a choice why would anybody choose to be cishet
Why the fuck does this sub run interference for chapos? They regularly have violent rhetoric.
Fuck 🇷🇺 mob. That is all
the only reason im not out
Screaming liberals get the bullet too is
Why are peanuts the cheapest nut when they are the shittiest. Checkmate libs
Mods pls ban
I work at a grocery store and we store our Peanut Oil on a high shelf. One of my coworkers pointed out that if it leaked it could be deadly to people with an allergy. yet we havent addressed it yet... I know this is a tangent but beware of grocery store oil isles, i guess
[Avenatti reveals he is a full on Kremlin asset lol](https://twitter.com/MichaelAvenatti/status/1073707989352284160?s=19)
nah, they just have ahmedinejad
except the NSA doesnt actually listen to calls. They collect the signals and monitor anything foreign but cant actually listen to domestic intercepts without a warrant
i wonder if Glenn knows Brazil has an extradition treaty with the US
i am sure he will be back in prison by then
Is anybody a plus player on the wiz?
do your parents regularly look at your underwear?
Ive been called mam twice this week by accident which is weird because I dont present even remotely femme but I aint complainin
This but 10 day
The last two years of college were all horrible and blurred together so i can't remember a particular day. Maybe my graduation day where I vomited like 20 times and it also rained despite it being fucking June
just do ur own laundry
Jim Barnett is a fuckin saint, fuck off
Loser
We've had 40 years of incompetence so we're used to it
The story is sad, but i cant help but think the headline is hilarious out of context
The draymond of guards
He's coasting like most of the team does. He shows up when it matters
No he isn't and PG defense isn't that important
Talk to me when AD leads a team to 73 wins and several finals
most of the time, lolis arent drawn like kids, theyre drawn like smaller versions of women. Never really felt like the same thing to me
pretty much all criminal organizations have ties to the mob
Lots of the record companies have ties to mob which = Russia
Feel the chern
Tbf that's a high estimate that is probably wrong
Disagrees with the left aka hates LGBTQ people and minorities
There's not a single candidate for 2020 that I can really get on board with. *sigh* feel like shit just want Hillary back
Seems like Obama 2.0. We can't have that with China and Russia breathing down our necks
Obamas foreign policy was shit. We gotta stop appeasing
will have to look more into it. i just wish the nom wasnt a white dude thp
nah man. the speed was so fucked. 2k11 and 2k13 much better
I dont like some of his policies, not super likeable imo and being from a NJ pol,he probably has mob connections
No but he had some bad people in his admin, like Rahm
a book maybe?
buy her meds?
not this year
im just fuckin
Also they helped Russia attack us in 2016
Hell yeah brother
I used to be able to get warriors tickets for like 10 bucks
Nah
Pro tip: if you replace Birkin with gherkin suddenly rappers are rapping about very expensive pickles
nowadays, yeah
everybody used to be trans before jesus died for our cis'
13 was great what you smoking. 12 was good but the speed issues made it frustratingly unplayable unless you made a big
Netanyahu is fully involved in the axis of corrupt mobsters with putin tho
&gt; I shouldn’t have to touch a nasty toilet seat unless I’m cleaning it. But it's cool if he does? Honestly this shit always seemed so stupid to me it takes like a second to check and move it up or down. It's not that hard
Sure, but I don't see why some people seem to make it a huge deal. Like it's so trivial
Not disagreeing just saying people seem way to mad about something so trivial
and election attacks arent even close to the worst these bastards are doing
jesus christ, exact same
People speak English outside of "the country" you know
I mean, he completely dropped Roy Cohn after he got AIDS. thats at least somewhat homophobic
&gt; because the alt-righters don't seem to have LGBT issues as their focus, they talk shit about trans people all the time
&gt; oversaw highly successful military campaigns against the notoriously repressive and homophobic ISIS. he also oversaw the campaign to try and ban trans people from the military
And gender is about your brain, not your genitals
How is that uncivil
Do you follow wasbappin on Twitter
Yeah but that has some roots in homophobia as well
I believe eradication of culture counts as a form of genocide, could be wrong
Intersex is a distinct sex. Gender IS in the brain which is why we knows trans people exist and aren't just making shit up. We can look at a trans woman's brain and see that it resembles that of a cis woman. A trans woman's brain looks in the mirror and says "this body is not right. I am not supposed to be a man I'm supposed to be a woman".
Trans includes NB's and agender people too you know
[Digeraldidoo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDIjSj6CZk8)
reeeeeemales
man now i gotta get back into the sims
Botswana democratic party would be ancom in botswana
Broke:wanting to get girls Woke:wanting to be a girl Bespoke :actually transitioning into a girl
"cmon let me destroy just one more democracy"- mark zuckerberg
Basayev was GRU
i think there is a market for mens feet, just smaller
Im pretty sure we knew he was funding Al Qaeda at the time. I dont know why we tried to befriend him
fitz is wrong more arc is better
ah. only hear the second half of the talk
casspi was supposed to be a shooter four us, he the fake
And everyone called Louise mensch crazy when she said it
rhymes with chinggis like chinggis khan
hes also internally consistent at being a piece of shit mobster
The problem is that, at least in America, conservatism died with Nixon. Now the republicans are a corrupt, reactionary, criminal orginization. There is in fact good conservatism. Ive met a few and they are a breath of fresh air
well if youre not on hrt yet, you could hit the gym and do a ton of glute work to take advantage of the T while you have it. If on HRT, pretty much the same thing but with lesser work. Glute bridges are the best and you can do them on a leg extension machine but you will probably get weird looks
it ass it pass but most importantly it attrac
Yet when Yeltsin visited an American grocery store he was in awe and said there were things there that not even the elites of the party got
yeah
your post history is classic white fragility yet you accuse others of being fragile
Especially when masculine and feminine are really just two cases and not related to gender in anyway
Most of her proposed policies have been not good tho
Basically a true commitment to promoting strong institutions, justice and an opposition to state tyranny, Economically supporting free trade. Like basically what republican rhetoric used to be, but with actions that backed up their words instead of their blatant hypocrisy
Yes of course.
Companies pollute because of the demands of consumers. This is humanities collective fault as we have taken for granted the fortunes that capitalism has given to us. Capitalism absolutely does not rely on exploitation
A leftist who calls out other leftists on their assadism mostly. I agree with most of their foreign policy takes and I'm basically a neocon lol
Yup, best exercises for the ass. Glute kickbacks also work but I don't get as much mind muscle connection with them
You realize they pollute because of consumption demands not just because they want to right? And that companies deliver service to millions if not billions of people right? Of course their emissions are higher
Do you eat meat? Do you leave your computer on every night? Do you drive when you can reasonably walk some where? There are micro problems and macro problems. Both contribute. A solving yourself of blame is just bullshit. We are all contributing. We all need to take steps to reduce our consumption. Also China trades a lot with the west so let's not pretend they are immune from international demands or pressure
Because the companies are meeting the consumption demands of millions if not billions of people. What a stupid comparison that misses the point. The root of the issue is our consumption demands, collectively as a species
I'm not sure. He doesn't talk about his own positions much, mostly just attacks shitty leftists. Good follow
We haven't even begun to exhaust our options at curbing China.
We haven't even sanctioned them yet. There is plenty we can do
Where do leftists get the idea that capitalism requires infinite growth? Like, I literally have never heard a capitalist say that, only leftists
Magnitsky act
Me af
populism is just bad period
What? Im pointing out that they are literally specifically targeting autistic kids to try and incite them into violence
she lied about her background
all throughout the campaign. I cant find the piece but somebody did some background research on her and she is not who she portrays herself as
I just don't like the teams he played for, outside Miami cuz I was a huge wade fan
It's definitely at the very least being manipulated by unsavory actors
2016 is when it became unethical
you are totally misrepresenting her point. Europe isnt like us, they arent good at settling immigrants. Putin knows this so he is increasing the immigration crisis in Syria to destabilize the west. Hillary is saying they cant keep letting unfettered immigration if they dont have a plan to deal with the refugees
hmm all kremlin backed candidates
lol
theyre being radicalized
shut up snowflake
from what ive read, but dont quote me on this, you have about a year of clearence
to me this signals trumps time is almost up
\&gt; xinhua
i mean theyre eating with a massive child rapist and child sex trafficker
while also hating socialism and loving nazis
injuries did that
rape someone
stop the bullshit. They boost the far left to attack the democratic party. they helped trump, jill and bernie, not hillary
How the hell did he not get a fair shake?
They also had those mercenaries attack us a while back where we just fucking slaughtered them. 200 dead russians, no American casualty
its majority ethnicity supremacist
who wants to bet ol Bernard has a GRU handler?
There's a good medium article that vets here and shows she lied about like fucking everything, but i can never find it. Maybe you'll have better luck
She undoubtedly has a legion of bots boosting her
Yup. Soviets have been manipulating anti war left since at least the 60s
Some what
lol same.
Watching season 4 now is... Something
Wow almost like the Sanders' have a GRU handler 🤔🤔🤔
Vince McMahon is a mobster. Almost like they trying to rehab trumps image 🤔🤔🤔
God I hate that sub. Any mention of women or race issues and they go fucking apoplectic. A bunch of fragile ass mayos
The US welcomes you with open arms. Trumpers are a majority. Trumpism will fade, FBI is currently doing ghost stories 2. If you feel unwelcome, come to the bay. We accept everyone
When she stops being a TERF edit:[ source](https://medium.com/@Phaylen/oops-she-did-it-again-transphobic-j-k-rowling-no-fox-belongs-in-a-henhouse-b3cdf0e81dd8) because youre all lazy fucks
I love this
Sounds about right
[Ok I'm Beto 2020 now](https://twitter.com/BetoORourke/status/1076579986235109377?s=19)
I haven't paid much attention to 2020 candidates. Much more focused on natsec stuff rn
I like his rhetoric and framing
Because smoking is fucking bad and children shouldn't be doing it
or you can read the articles provided to you be google that show her terf-y behavior, mr r/jordanpeterson poster
[my beliefs come from facts not paranoia](https://medium.com/@Phaylen/oops-she-did-it-again-transphobic-j-k-rowling-no-fox-belongs-in-a-henhouse-b3cdf0e81dd8). I dont take seriously anyone who associates with mr lobster man
&gt; In the eight years since Mr. Davis announced himself as Slavery Man, the number of known enslaved persons has grown exponentially. Abraham Lincoln, *The Gettysburg Address* Honestly this has decent meme potential
so liking anti trans, terf-y things on twitter doesnt indicate he might be anti trans and terf? thanks mr. facts and logic man, but ill let me and the rest of the trans community pass that judgment
Global poverty is dropping every year and is set to be eradicated in our lifetime. &gt;Africa would be easily the richest continent without capitalism and imperialism fucking it over. Yeah assuming they didnt devolve into despotic dictatorships and instead universally became a liberal capitalist continent. But theres no way of knowing that would happen and its not very likely
[facts dont care about your feelings](https://www.google.com/search?q=global+poverty+rates&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) &gt;climate change, the ozone and countless other horrible things caused by capitalism. this has nothing to do with capitalism. Its the fault of humans for consuming to much. &gt;stop eating up bullshit and realize communism is the future, stop eating up bullshit and realize communism is the past where it failed catastrophically while liberalism has been around for centuries
i want to fuck jerebko
she had surrogates there and if you dont vote just because someone doesnt hold a rally in your state youre fucking stupid and probably dont exist. Lets not act like voters make their choice based on who visits. This stupid bullshit post facto narrative that she just didnt campaign enough is dumb
&gt;How could we have known? by paying the fuck attention? there was enough info out to know the russians were engaging in fuckery
&gt; but the fact that there hasn't means there probably isn't anything there. they are clearly laser focused on trump right now. bernie and jill are small fish that will be further investigated once Mueller wraps up trump
He voted to add the Iran sanctions to that bill, genius
&gt; Mr Bovine Joni this is my favorite quote. makes me laugh out loud everytime
i wont be surprised, but I already know
When I went to r/traa and r/egg_irl andnoticed I related with every single god damn meme
your butt isnt as dirty as you may think. Ive had success with just showering and making sure I aim it up there. you can also just wear a glove
Conservatism is about upholding institutions. American Republicans want to destroy institutions not conserve them
There are obviously Fascists on the right and reactionaries are dog shit. Bigotry masquerading as ideology
chief, this is it
Once you go vegan or vegetarian you realize how much people talk about meat. Americans never shut the fuck up about their meat, but they think vegans are annoying
Yeah I'm sure it's my secretly being a leftist and not you being really far to the right but pretending you're totally not. There's a fucking white nationalist in congress and you act like fascism doesn't exist. BTW it's not rhetoric. It's actually knowing enough about political ideologies to properly characterize them, something the right is incapable of doing
Not much considering she's all ready pissing off Dem leadership
You really shouldn't be responding to this shit if you have no idea what you're talking about
Because it is
She's also lied about most aspects of her background
Not terfy. Drag is petty problematic from a trans perspective. That being said as long as it's the kid making the decision it doesn't bother me
This is a studied phenomenon. It's true.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://libjournal.uncg.edu/ijcp/article/viewFile/249/116&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiK5ZfUsbnfAhUTL30KHYc-Co8Q5OUBMAt6BAgEEAE&amp;usg=AOvVaw2YkysfdetNH1AZQ-_PocGP
Works for The Nation a Kremlin propaganda outlet
&gt;My holiday wish is for an Amy/Kamala/Beto three-way ~~race~~ :-) Ftfy
She's transphobic. Fuck her
Linda sarsour = 🇷🇺
broke: black lives matter woke: all lives matter bespoke: ball lives matter
Too many people try to gender neutralize language by creating a gender neutral term. But the true best way to do it is to make both the common parlance "male" and "female" forms to be general neutral. How do all my neoliberal sis' feel about that?
I buy all Paradox DLC because they give me best RP returns
wtf i think i just found my fursona
obviously they is a great neutral term, but you are thinking about pronouns and not gendered terms in general. e.g bro is commonly used to be for both men and women (though generally more towards men, used by men), but sis is used among only women.
Ok sis
Yup. I would honestly do HRT right now if I could, but I wanna lose some weight first so I can actually start shopping for girl clothes
Yeah he sure dominated a regular season game, which lebron cares very much about I'm sure
Do you really think lebron gives a shit about a regular season game? I doubt he's as petty as the children here
i literally dont care. its december
hes a true competitor. you can hate losing while recognizing that a regular season game doesnt mean much, but that apparently requires more emotional maturity than this sub can handle
of course I would be happy if the warriors won. but I wouldnt gloat at the Lakers because, as I said, its december
show me where ive been wrong
r/nba gotta be one of the worst nonpolitical subs. I sweatergod its filled mainly with children
This is a prime example of what im talking about. Just because I support my local team means Im somehow immature? You realize the Bulls used to be the Bandwagon team right?
It was shitty before that too but not as shit as it is now. Peak was like, 2013-2014
teams? no. Players? yes. Lebron has been in the league long enough to know that one regular season game doesnt mean all that much
that doesnt even make sense
lebron coasts in the regular season, it is known. draymond is also younger and has less mileage so he can afford to take the regular season more seriously
not for me. game is too easy if you just wantonly kill
wanna bet?
She has a podcast with Andrea Chalupa [who is an RIS asset](https://twitter.com/KremlinTrolls/status/929120510436356098). Seriously everything Chalupa tweets is Kremliny af. And then ofc theres here connection to Ariana Gic who is even more laughably Kremlin edit: and in case anyone doubts the credibility of the tweeter they are followed by STRATCOMCOE
Breaking up their rallies with violence just plays into their hands dumby.
https://twitter.com/r_centerleftpol/status/1055974027574104065
this is the best news ive heard all day. flossing has always been hard for me cuz my teeth are kinda fucked up, and this sounds way easier. thanks for the study
maybe they should build some fucking housing then. This is a self created problem because too many in the Bay are NIMBYs that reject all new developments. Sorry, if you dont wanna build more housing youre just gonna lose yours when rents begin to increase to a level you cant afford because the demand is way higher than the supply
I like how youre just assuming my position on someone and then calling me ignorant for holding a position you imagine me having
but they arent being toxic to you *because youre a white male*. Different groups face specifically identity-targeted harassment.
in general, you is right
Ron Paul was the reddit Kremlin candidate before Bernie. In fact at one point, they were both being boosted at the same time
Because I never said that we should allow the rallies to take place. But anyway, the better solution is to show up and have a massive, peaceful counterprotest, not stupid vigilante-wannabe street violence
Locals can be NIMBYs too ya know. Blaming this all on gentrification is dumb
this was me before i knew i was trans. now i know why
No. It's eagles
Community College isn't a bad option. Save some money, and if you work hard you can transfer to a quality school
old post, but it actually feels really good when something is fucking my mouth. idk why
It's not
They all tie into Russia tho. For example Ted Cruz sending voter data to a Russian mobster
Its relevant because Bernie praised Venezuela
ill settle with just become girl in 2019
hes also worked for known mobster and traitor paul manafort
i love looney
"NOT PP"
Vicky 2
big mood
Fuck these right wing dipshits who exploit their popularity and social media algorithms to radicalized children
Hell yeah brother, cheers from iraq
Communism fundamentally doesnt work because it is inherently authoritarian; dictatorship of the proletariat (aka dictatorship of party elites) after all. Anarchism is just... dumb. Capitalism however does work pretty well. Global poverty has fallen drastically since the world starting implement free market policies (as opposed to Mercantile and protectionist policies). In fact, its plausible we could see the eradication of extreme poverty in our lifetimes. But capitalism has flaws of course, and the leftists will try and act like those flaws are inherent to capitalism, when in reality its usually just a lack of regulation that can be implemented. Capitalism can also work with Democracy. In fact all democracies are capitalist. Democracy is the ideal form of government (democratic peace theory) so this is a good thing of course. Now, a lot of trans spaces are super leftists. These people feel failed by the system so they blame Capitalism. But capitalism isnt at fault here. Its a societal problem at large that predates the existence of capitalism. But leftists inherently subscribe to a Marxist worldview so they view everything through economics. This is the failure of ideologues. There are multiple lenses we can examine the world in and all of them are valid and provide valuable insights, but the ideologue subscribes to one lens and ignores the others or downplays their importance.
big oeuf
you can do lethal stealth you know
Even non Marxist leftists have remnants of marxism in their ideologies, see: how everything is a class issue &gt;We have looked at the world through about hundred more lenses than any capitalist this is just conjecture, not based on any fact &gt;and strangely enough they all come to the same conclusion wow No they dont? Intersectional Socialists dont have the same conclusions as classical Marxist socialists
its a meme lol
[Doesnt mean they're right.](https://ourworldindata.org/extreme-poverty)
Because global poverty has plummeted with the adoption of free markets and trade? &gt; I hope you don't end up on the wrong side of the revolution. This is why nobody likes leftists always threatening people with violence. Its pretty cute that you think "the Revolution" will be trans accepting when all the evidence shows otherwise
where to find qtpie NATO gf
Aww gross
The MLs kill anarchists too
Learn from history. The ML faction always wins out
There's been lots of leftist revolutions. Almost all are ML or Maoist. It's easier to recruit people to MLism than Anarchism. The MLs have no problem purging and killing who they need to. They are the most ruthless lefties
&gt; If it's that MLs will purge out trans people theyll purge those who disagree or get in their way
Its not out of the realm of possibility
You can wear womens deodorant, womens under wear, womens pants
this but its the opposite
Dubs
Li Peng deserves a lot of blame too
Theyre called wumao lol. Theyve been around awhile see: quora
Has anyone tried those lateral movement cardio machines before? If so did it seem like it helped improve your lateral movement at all? I kinda wanna try it but I dont wanna waste my time if its just a gimmick
I know what the gimmick is, I was just wondering if it was effective or not &gt;Get faster and stronger overall, and you will move better in every way. No shit. This type of advice isnt really helpful
the dude is most likely just making shit up cuz hes a salty loser
It is definitely not the sole reason. There was a chance Japan wouldve surrendered without it. It did push the scales just a teeny tiny bit though...
boiled vegetables are fucking disgusting. fry them in oil like a normal human.
i just wanna say thank you for articulating and sharing this viewpoint because I often feel alone in this lol
fuck me, looks like i gotta hit up a del taco
boca burgers are really good. love the turkey one too
they have a replay center in secaucus
Cheating
Then why do so many men have problems understanding consent? You guys doing it on purpose then?
Far-right extremist Jimmy Kimmel
Yup. Only morons were criticizing Nate. He gave trump ~40% chance of winning while everybody else gave him ~1%. He's the best at what he does
ITS HIS TURN
I meant time out
Okay Hammurabi
So you believe some random ass dude rather than the words straight out of Pence's mouth?
cute pixie cuts are cute af and it looks great on you!
Or his bitch in the WH
damn i didnt even think about this angle
these people talk like theyve never played a sport, let alone a team sport in their life
damn i just started a GMGOW run and now you make me want to start it over...maybe ill save it for the NG+ run
but then i wont have an excuse to replay it
Ignoring the AIDs crisis was way worse but ok
More than just Americans died because of the AIDs crisis. The CDC basically sets the standard for the world and the Reagan administration told them not to do anything about it
There's a good interview with the head of the CDC at the time if you can find it. I hated Reagan before but oh man...
this seems like something that could be handled with some game rules.
[oh shut the fuck up dude](https://www.symantec.com/blogs/threat-intelligence/twitterbots-propaganda-disinformation). Obviously the full scale of the disinformation campaigns isnt gonna be in the court docs (though I have a feeling you still havent read the Project Lakhta one). Its actually far more complex than any one source has reported on.
no they dont. theyre just dumbass edgelords, but from the left. theyre all a bunch of wanna be mass murderers
You sound like someone who needs to get the fuck off the internet and interact with regular human beings
Go outside and get off the nazi subs it's rotting your brain.
I have a feeling hes gonna have to with draymond on his ass lol
Its certainly not bad
Yang is transparently an alright Trojan horse.
honestly I'd go with threading over waxing. either way I still think your eyebrows are cute and fine as is
As someone who wants to get into EU4 but dislikes the mana could you point me in the direction of those mods?
Thank you so much!
Literally everybody in art steals
College isnt adult life
Theyre gonna be in school where theyll will be doing the same shit they did in HS but with some more autonomy.
idk man
fuck off antisemite
But everyone knows theyre a proxy
i feel like itd just be full of chasers though
I have no problems with athletes doing it either cuz they already do
you could try bangs to give the illusion of shortening your face maybe?
What made you realize that living as a male was the problem?
I dont think itd be a mistake to get it now, but it seems smarter to wait until the next update tbh since so much is gonna change
jesus christ
But Russia and Iran can intervene, thats okay
you are quite ignorant
youre pretty racist about syrians
He sacrificed his freedom when he agreed to work for hostile foreign intelligence services ftfy. But go ahead keep caping for the fascists
Hes a fucking joke candidate who shouldnt be up there anyway
Assange isnt a journalist. Journalists dont hack US Government computers. What fascists? Russia genius. The foreign power he and Snowden are working for. And this is actually great for press freedom; now hostile foreign actors masquerading as journalists can commit espionage under the guise of journalism. Journalism has a huge credibility issue due to shit like this and this will only help.
1. Caitlyn Johnstone is a kremlin troll, lol. 2. A russian troll wouldnt call out a russian asset for being a russian asset genius 3.[All](https://www.pressherald.com/2018/09/17/new-leak-shows-julian-assange-sought-russian-visa-in-2010/) of [this] (https://foreignpolicy.com/2017/08/17/wikileaks-turned-down-leaks-on-russian-government-during-u-s-presidential-campaign/) is [common](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guccifer_2.0) knowledge [you](https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1165556/download) patheticaly [ignorant](https://www.rt.com/search?q=assange&amp;type=Post) human. Every single Kremlin asset in the book supports Assange and he's never done anything agaisnt Russia's geopolitical interests. He helped hack into US government computers and front faced stolen information from the GRU to help swing the 2016 election. Get Vlads dick out of your mouth
who cares? Andrew Yang is not in anyway qualified to be president. Hes a fucking meme. thats it
Because its a real thing no matter how much right wing douches try to gaslight about it
why do people always get so mad when you call the right out on its bullshit
well the taliban still exists so
Obama *is* left and when u dumbass lefties stop measuring everything in terms of economics you'll realize that and maybe even stop alienating every single type of minority voter in the process
Because the Justice Dems are foreign backed provocateurs meant to undermine and sabotage the Democratic party so she literally is the enemy. And she made an enemy out of the Democratic party/base before we made an enemy out of here so foh
If not her, then definitely her handlers yes
could just be a tooltip bug/error. try it anyway
&gt; Do you honestly think the old Vermont socialist hippy said that? yes, obviously. Why are you characterizing him like that as if its some sort of defense?
if you think only right wingers are capable of that sentiment youre just a liar or naive
he married into an armenian mob family for one
&gt; but she was the second most disliked candidate ever a blatant bullshit lie
Maurya or Egypt
Yeah they were such a bustling power under Saddam
You can do world conquest as rome. The game isnt so much hard as it is confusing. Nothing is explained very well
attack greece earlier. I usually have the majority of greece under my fold before 500 AUC
always go for same culture and religion pops first
is it the lack of melanin that gets you going?
so it is
Also vile antisemitism
leftists are fully programmed fascist agents
blessed africa
this is what the left is and has always been. Lets not act like somehow the soviets were some bastion of progressive equality or something
&gt; I'm not sure that twenty million dead each year is really working. put down the pravda
As if that matters. All you leftists are the same. Do you support the removal of Assad?
This is the most libertarian thing I've ever read
In one of my recent HPM America campaigns I managed to outlaw slavery in, IIRC, 1841 and totally bypass the Civil war and all related events. Was this a bug of sorts or is this actually possible?
