Stop giving me ideas, bitch. If only video editing were my passion.
Sharon’s were episodes 1 and 3.
she’s a man with one eye.
Oh I thought you meant like in the entire series. I feel like with Alexis the issue was that she lipsynced 3 times, while Manila and Raja, despite having 3 wins as well, only lipsynced once.
Bitch me too, the fuck.
Did people honestly hate the episode? I found it super fun and with a great production value. All the girls were amazing and Ru and Michelle’s lipsync was the cherry on top.
I thought I was the only one but turns out I’m not! I, too, laugh at my own loud farts in the bathroom.
It is hard. How many cute white thinks have you seen with a million followers?
*the* paper bag is the AS1 save button of season 2. There was only one per episode for 1 queen... just in case.
IT’S JUST FASHION DARLING
This is like the gayest acid trip. One second you’re okay and the next second wigs are flying, Jenifer Lewis is bopping her head and Latrice and Manila were petrified, literally.
Unless it’s Muffinhead. Then I’m DOWN.
I’m going back in two weeks, wish me luck.
Same
I dislike those tattoos so much. Also guys who get scorpions tattooed.
Jason Momoa isn’t white tho
Break up with him, you deserve way better.
And the promos and everything as well.
So, any white twunk living in Weho?
I’m Poz myself and I’d never get a tattoo like that.
Get her to sign your sugar daddy.
Idk, like a million %? I honestly lost count already. Prices go up every single day.
The price is right there in the picture.
This is giving me minstrel show and I hate it.
Farrah was cast cuz she is good at what she does. She’s just young and doubts herself a lot, which makes sense considering people are still saying they don’t understand how she got cast. 😊 Props to her. I’m 21 and I don’t know if I could handle the pressure of being on Drag Race. She tried her damn best and had a slight mishap in the first episode, and tried her best during the second episode.
Ugh Aja looks so damn good in that first look.
People don’t understand that this is mocking that post from the other day when someone asked if we didn’t feel excluded by Ru’s song American?
👀👀👀 gotta be fresh gotta go downstairs.
This will never fail to Maine me laugh. I get flashbacks of that distorted video of her saying that and her body is just a big beach ball.
Come thruuu United States of Americunt!
I think it’s wat6, we’ll have to see.
I still live for Aja’s cunty voguing. Also Milk made me laugh out loud. Sue me.
Man Arms Donna.
Idk but I’d LIVE for someone to throw in a dominatrix equestrian look a la Confessions tour.
So Caucasian yet campy at the same time.
I will FOREVER stan this queen. Every new look continues to amaze me greatly. I gasped audibly hard when I saw this cuz it is THAT good!
This is a stunning tree. Your mom loves you very much and you are a very lucky person to have her.
I audibly gasped with her flower look and then I audibly gasped even harder with this look.
The ultimate fashion queen
Bc we both have good taste sis
It’s called fashion look it up
Yes, people of the color white.
Ugh thank you for this. It continues to be probably my favorite challenge ever.
I just get red, suffer, and then the skin peels off after a day.
She gon bring her whiteout and eliminate Shea even if they’re not on the same season.
She was in the bottom for that finale thooo
The only thing I can think of is when Fabio Motta did a bondage photoshoot with him.
Slay my bus... *stares into screen*
Hi Shannel! I just saw Shannel girl!
Yes, he altered his hairline.
What about the UNI UNI UNI UNI BROW?
In the bottom 2 with that Frida Kahlo part they tried to give her.
That rosebud 😍
Some of us are young, some of us aren’t American. I only know about her because of E! News when they did a tribute to her or something. And then Katy B released a song called Aaliyah, but that’s about it.
Lmao I remember aquaria had a picture of her first driver’s license and she deleted that.
Lmao the entire episode leaked a week ago. Edit: WAIT MY HEAD IS NOT FINE
Am I the only one who voted for Gods &amp; Monsters? Yes? Okay.
Valentina was giving me Rita Moreno.
Because we also love a time traveling movie with a strong female lead.
Ugh same. As a vers guy myself, TimTales makes me the happiest.
I’m gonna be that girl and say it. I hated Bandersnatch. The fact that they kept sending me back bored me to hell.
Are people seriously voting for Burning Desire? The level of homophobia, far too much.
Character development.
Y’all are savage 💀
Yeah I have her corpse in the basement
Apparently she was booed but it was obviously edited out of the episode.
I used this same score system for the S8 and S9 and Kim was actually a point higher than Bob and Sasha was (iirc) tied with Shea
Me
Beautiful before and beautiful after, congratulations!
Has it ever happened that you see a post about body positivity and bashing muscle queens and you go in the comments and there’s guys whose profiles are all pictures of themselves wearing speedos at the beach saying “yeah fuck them muscle queens” and you’re just confused as hell?
I don’t wanna sound like a lazy fuck but it’s nice to see a success story here that involved no exercise. You’re looking great, congrats!
“Oh we got a jumper”
Not to shame skinny-shaming but I wholeheartedly agree with you. Unless you’re terribly underweight, I doubt skinny people hear everyday how unhealthy they are/look. As a big guy myself currently losing weight, people everyday tell me “omg you look so skinny now, you used to be soooo big before”. A friend even told me that she thought I might blow up anytime, and I was literally sitting there listening to her like 🙃
True is a bop all around,it's literally the most EH song on the album sonically, and people hate it lmao
Oh I know they’re encouraging me and I feel proud of myself! I’m down 40lb and I’m planning on going down to 180, I’m at 220 currently. I mentioned that because I find it funny how I used to be walking around feeling my oats and not realizing how big I was, and now hearing those things and seeing old pictures I’m like “damn, how did I not notice how fat I was?”
Here for the lame comments from people like you
Yup, that’s the exact feeling. Condragulations on your weight loss too, henny!
I’ve always felt like vanjie is the bottom and Brooke is the top. Or they’re both vers, but not the other way around.
I hate that there’s no sound because I can’t listen to what the woman in sequence is saying
Just assumptions, we all make them 🤷🏻‍♀️
What happened there?
Omg! I did watch DRT but after the riggory that went down after Kandy and Kana were brought back I gave up on it 😬
Well it ain’t a lie.
Yeah... no.
Lil’ Kenya (🇰🇪) Michaels is a true success story. She went from first eliminated to winner of the season!
Statistically she’s the first out on AS3 hehe
That was for the Jetset Eleganza runway but iirc they didn’t let her do it
i relate to this on a spiritual level
Queens Everywhere has really grown on me. I enjoy it unironically, all the girls' verses are good and NO ONE will tell me otherwise.
It's 7am and I just ugly laughed loudly af at this comment.
She had it all. She was like the most followed girl from S7 while the show was airing, then she disappeared and ofc the other girls obliterated her
She won
That’s super queen
Farrah is a pretty okay queen but she has almost a million followers on insta. Girl is a fan fave.
As a non-American I don’t get it. Where I’m from it’s easier to have a savings account than a checking account lol
Oh okay! Thank you 💕
It’s not too hard however, you just type the songs and they automatically fill the answer to that song’s clue. I tried to do it as fair as I could but you can just type in all the song names and win heh
Girls is like th best song on the album wtf
“Everyday is Shitpost Saturday” motion This sub is very dry on weekdays, kinda like your vajoina
pOsE
Willam is so tacky I swear 💀
If you wanna join the revolution, innovate, that’s my solution 🥚😫🧠
I have them saved on my phone. Let me upload them to imgur
People like to shit on Pearl but Roxanne is comedy gold and an icon and I will NOT hear otherwise.
San Junipero had me weeping worse than Alaska when she lost S5
It does bother me tbh. Straights think they’re entitled to everything and it pisses me off. However, I doubt that in the long run people will actually support the idea and the backlash will continue until they decide to not do it. Idk if I’m being hopeful but I really don’t want it to happen. Next year we’ll see some Caucasian guy campaigning to have a white history month.
I and my camera roll which is 99% dick pics and 1% drag queens and dogs agree.
The “where’s my Emmy?” Kills me every single time.
There were more but I only saved those 5
There were 5 before they somehow disappeared
I gave the gays what they wanted
Where can I download this?
Girl the second I saw those white long locks and her beautiful face I had no other chance but to stan. Then she kept pulling those gorgeous costumes out of her ass. Then she had three dragons and became a boss ass bitch. And then she set everyone’s pussies on fire. As a fellow gay who’s still upset about her not ruling the entirety of Westeros because of Jon Snow (who was full af the entire series but don’t quote me) GOT was cancelled mawma. (That and the last season truly was garbage)
A gay
Not an American so no debt for me! Edit: as in, I didn’t go to school in America, so my parents paid for my tuition perfectly fine as it’s not, you know, 60k a year.
God’s gift I guess
This reminds me of my friend who’s always cruising and I keep telling him someone’s gonna kill him one day
Sharon won Episode 1 and episode 3 as well!
I know I’m nasty but let me live
I got them done in Guatemala. It was a 2x1 special. I only paid for the top lip and they did the bottom one as well!
Completely serious I don’t think it’s a breastplate because there no visible line around her neck. I don’t think Coco has enough fat to push either to make for such voluptuous breasts. Either way, it’s either that or photoshop
[see for yourself ](https://youtu.be/t725sijVm0Q)
And just like that, this was the fastest sex I've ever had.
Why?
Girl same but it was love letters I wrote to my straight best friend and I was 11 💀
Ya got me gal 😂
Omg that mustache
The difference between Drag Race and other competition shows (PR, ANTM and Survivor, for example) is that Drag Race has a more dedicated following than those other shows, and the girls that come out of the show are all pretty much established, so most of them don’t need to come back, and most early out queens will most probably never be asked back to compete. For example, I know Seth Aaron has won PR twice, but I doubt that he’s as booked as any of the DR winners, so for him to keep coming back to the show, it seems normal, since PR is only about making clothes. With drag race, there’s more on the line and not every girl is going to risk going into a different season knowing that there’s a chance they might go home first. Only exception is Bebe but because pretty much the current fan base didn’t know of her existence prior to AS3.
They were but I think that the amount of users the sub has nowadays is way too much for the Unicode, so no trophies anymore. Back in my day I had Alaska and Sasha.
Seth Aaron as well
To be fair he was her boyfriend and you know how love makes people act
Shangela and a fan
it's yearly girl. it's gonna premiere by the end of the year or starting the next year
Cracker has a million followers on insta
Each circle represents a stage of your fast and they correspond to a certain time stamp. 12 hours, then 18, then 24 and so on. The longer you fast the more circles you’ll get.
We all start somewhere! Great job!
It doesn’t. Just that OP didn’t understand why they chose Cracker, and the answer is quite easy. She’s a fan fave even if Reddit hates her.
I’ll take your word for it. Thanks cyst
Vulture magazine or NY magazine (or both for all I care) decided to take pictures of the queens during DragCon weekend for an article they were writing. Queens agreed as it was a great opportunity for exposure, but then the article happened to rank them and separate them into sub-categories, having queens like Acid, Blair, Darienne and Honey D. fall into the bottom-tier of the “100 most powerful drag queens of the world”. Also most pics are up-close and unedited so that bothered Queens.
She juggled and santino called it a gimmick lol
It depends on how long you want to go for. I’ve read here that if you fast for a eeek or less you don’t really need to supplement, just a little salt now and then and some lemon on your water will do the job. But if you go longer than that, then potassium and magnesium are your best friends along with salt. I think if you’re in America and can get lite-salt, that should be enough.
Yeah. They said it was a ranking of the “100 most powerful drag queens of the world”, but they only listed Drag Race queens. Non-RPDR queens like Art Symone (sp?) posed as well but they didn’t include her at all in the publication. She even posted a video about it on her instagram.
I think so? They’ve always been mostly discreet about their relationship either way, so I’m not sure if they’ve broken up or not.
Valentino stole my heart 2 years ago when he first showed up on that screen.
I’m LIVING for this cast being half girls from older seasons. This is all I ever wanted.
She said she’s not auditioning again but I want Evah Destruction to be the first ever Dragula and Drag Race winner.
I legit hope it’s Derrick
And I oop-
Girl I was once at a bar in NYC watching Drag Race live and during one commercial break the host (who was a drag queen herself, as usual) she started asking questions and giving free drink tickets to everyone who answered. One of the questions was “can you name all the Asian queens who’ve appeared on the show?”, and I raised up my hand to answer and started listing them by season. I shit you not, the moment I mentioned Raja she was like “nope, you lost girl”, and I tell her that Raja was Indonesian, and this queen said “oh yeah but we meant like *actually* Asian”
Cracker and Raja. *not bad*
I think Alaska is way too emotional to be a Logician. 🤔
*the* paper bag
Me when the McDonald’s app gifted me a free latte after I purchased 10.
Mariah could never
The Mileena erasure
Tag yourself I’m Trixie
She was late to the basement and forgot to take them off
TWERKING IS A BLESSING
Oh I guessed that. It was a joke.
There are no waitresses at KFC 👀
Ugh I love Brenda.
Considering it’s a talent show for the first episode, I think Mariah is the one in greatest danger of going home. Blair could do a cute variety style show a la Alyssa and sing and tap dance. Most other girls on the cast are entertainers. Mariah, she’s beautiful and I love her but besides average lipsync performances idk what else she does.
I legit was like “Alaska don’t shoot Violet, you’ll love Sasha” but then it didn’t happen and Monet booted it and I was like “giiiiiiiirl”
RuPual for S12
I don’t know if this person will see it but about a week or so ago, someone posted here that they were listening to a new album each day, and they said they listened to Aurora’s new album. I knew about this girl’s existence but I had never bothered to listen to her music, until I read the review they wrote and I decided to give her a chance. Needless to say, I listened to her entire body of work that night and she’s all I’ve been listening to ever since. So whoever you are, you basically changed my life and introduced me to probably the best artist I’ve discovered in a long ass time. Thank you.
Go watch Black Mirror
Our lord and savior
I was one of the pissed people lmao Manila was one of the queens I was dying to meet the most and then her booth was a mess and ugh 💀
Refresh my mind. Where is this from?
Hey kitty girls. I haven’t been able to post because I’ve been sorta busy but I finally did my thesis defense on Thursday. Everything went super smoothly and I got an honorable mention for my work. My thesis journey started on January 2018 and it was literally a year and a half of suffering because of it, I even dropped out of school at a certain point because I didn’t feel capable or worthy enough, so getting that mention and being told that I did an excellent job was the best feeling in the world. I’m a brainy queen with a Liberal Arts degree now. 🤓
I went to a Yelle concert in NYC last year and when the show was finished she said “to whoever wants to meet me after the show, just wait here!”. There was a poster which said “take pictures with Yelle :)”. The M&amp;G itself was free and you could pay a signed poster for $10. She literally changed into a pair of jeans and a T-shirt and came out and stood there, and we just started greeting her one by one. She took time to talk to everyone. I was like second or third, and talked to her for about 5 minutes, I even got her to record a video for one of my friends who couldn’t make it! So yeah, ideal M&amp;G.
Thursday night I impulsively bought DragCon NYC VIP passes lmao I went VIP last year and even tho I spent a shitload of money I still had a blast. This year I’m not gonna meet any of the girls I met last year (which includes basically all the popular girls who go to dragcon NYC) so I’m gonna focus on the girls who get smaller crowds and panels, since I only got to go to three last year.
When I’m at the club
Liberal arts :)
&gt; ps, she likes poppers Who doesn’t?
r/omad Edit: aight I just realized that there’s hardly any progress pics in that sub, but yes, it does work. You eat for 3mins a day and basically fast for 23-ish hour. Sounds good enough to me to be effective.
Melatonin is going to be your best friend
Hands up bow down to vagina.
Funny thing: I’m a male but I’ve always been on the heavier side. When I was younger I used to struggle a lot with jeans and pants because of the way my legs are shaped: normal waist, HUGE thighs and then normal again. My pants were either baggy af or very tight are the thigh area. That was until one day I tried on some women’s pants, and boy did my life change. Now all I ever buy are women’s pants and they fit me way better than men’s pants have ever fitted me.
“It looks... costume-y”
We all thought Naomi was the cuntiest queen out there but if Blair pulls this stunt, Chile!
In a thread full of tears and bad memories you just made me cackle.
I still have mine as well. It was just an old notebook I kept under my bed for when I got really stressed out. I read it a while back and even tho I was 13/14 at the time, most of the stuff I wrote there was pretty dark, similar to this but with more suicide mentions. I used to watch the It Gets Better videos and think “someday it will get better for me”, and it eventually did, but I just wish I could, or we as a community, do something for the young closeted children who are afraid to live being their true selves.
Peak moment was Dosasterina’s extermination. Those pointy boobies still haunt me.
I have smoked while fasting. I used to be that guy who smoked and binged on about 5000 calories, but after a couple times and with my body being more adapted to it, I can now smoke without eating anything, as I realized munchies (for me at least) are like a snowball. I said to myself “ok I’m only gonna eat one banana”, but then that banana turned into 2 bananas, and then cookies, and then I ended up making food or getting take out. Now I get less hungry even if I’m not fasting, and I’ve been able to smoke without succumbing to munchies at all.
Agaaaaaaaain
[this video?](https://youtu.be/j6NLdrTIaaA)
So after finishing university (finally) last Thursday, I kinda decided to let loose for a couple of days as a mean to reward myself for being able to do so. Fast forward to Today, a week after that, I didn’t gain any weight during those ~4 days of eating regularly, and since Tuesday I started an extended fast again. I’m currently 40 hours in and so far I’ve lost a pound, which could be water weight, but I’m glad I’m finally seeing the weight drop again. Also, I woke up thinking how light I was and that I had surely already emptied my bowels because yesterday I didn’t go to the bathroom at all. I drank a cup of coffee and oh boy, those bowels were not empty at all lmao But hey, I’m back on track and I really really want to make it to 5 days for the first time ever.
&gt; part British non-paralyzed drag queen Girl I- 💀💀💀
I don’t wanna be that bitch but I am gonna be that bitch: I can’t understand Americans complaining about living in America. Like, yeah, shit is fucked up but at least you guys aren’t undergoing a hyperinflation, or have a dictator for president or have people dying from starvation.
The S4 feel at the beginning literally showed Sharon’s final look. And most untucked openings for past seasons spoil tons of looks and situations. If Nancy Drew’s existed back then, then we would’ve definitely known a whole lot just by making outfits charts and finding out most (if not all) lipsyncs and elimination orders
As a fat guy myself (I’m not huge, just overweight) I do feel self-conscious in planes because of this. Last year I had to take two flights in which I was sitting in the middle seat and I did not have a good time, oh at all.
Or fucking Hungry!!!
How is untucked going to be a different show now? As in, I’m guessing that the queens are going to go backstage and Kiki and stuff, and then the winner chooses her lipstick and the safe queens vote, but how short are episodes going to be? Or will we get a similar structure to the regular show and then see everything that happened backstage during untucked? I am confusion.
Oh
I once ate my tongue but since it was mostly protein it didn’t kick me out of ketosis. So I’d say you’re good.
I have been trying to making it to 72hrs. I was perfectly on track until my dad came home today with 2 sugary cereal boxes and kept asking me literally every 15 minutes “hey have you eaten yet?” He tries to be supportive but he definitely doesnt get fasting.
Girl you got me rolling
Obligatory Pure Heroine.
YES STOP THE HERESY RIGHT NOW
Thanks for posting this track from 2015
I haven’t enjoyed the recent direction she’s taken but all her previous albums are flawless so I think she’ll have another great album!
Artpop CAME for me :(
EXCUSE YOU! Dua lipa and Rita Ora make bops. Also, Zara larsson is Swedish and if someone knows how to make pop music are the Swedish!
They were even in the NY area around the same time doing shows and nothing???
I hate this new Disney logo, the mouse ears were iconic :(
It’s happened again. I’m feeling nostalgic af. I started watching Don’t Tell Me by Madonna on YouTube because I wanted to and I spiraled into a 2005-2012 hole of music and every song just makes everything worse :( like all the Lily Allen singles from her sophomore album made me realize “fuck I listened to this when I was 10 and now I’m 22 and I still feel like a kid” and I see people my age being fully functional adults and I just don’t know if I have it in me. Or do people just pretend to be fully functional adults and are just kids at heart? Someone help me decipher this.
Here’s to hoping she releases the album soon!
Idk which video you’re talking about but it sounds fucking hot
Well I’m from South America and I NEVER heard her music or the radio or anywhere for that matter. We had more worldwide stars like Britney, BSB, Madonna, MJ, Xtina, etc.
I’ve ALWAYS wanted to move to Sweden but I just think it might be a little too expensive? I’d like to get my master’s as well, but I don’t speak Swedish at all, is that even possible?
Is that the girl that sings Nightmares with Segal? Because that’s like the ultimate bop!
There’s this French guy called Kazy Lambist who makes absolute bops but he’s not mainstream at all? He has almost a million listeners on Instagram and his debut album is really pop perfection. It’s called 33000 FT and it’s reaaaalllyyyy good! Songs I’d recommend are No Face, The City Is Beautiful, Rollercoaster and Doing Yoga which is his top song on Spotify yet it is a b side lol
I remember the excitement I felt at the FFTour when the remix of Toxic started playing!
Ngl this is the performance that made me a full-fledged Britney stan. I was born in 97 and ever since I can remember I’ve been bopping to her earliest music, especially Stronger (that was my jam when I was 4). So when that performance happened I remember I was in the living room with my grandma for some reason and when I tell you her mouth dropped because she was in shock of what she was witnessing and MY mouth dropped because it was iconic to me. Literally the day blackout came out I had my dad drive me to the CD store to get it and played it for years on end.
I was surprised to see her listed so high up. I’m happy af for her but I didn’t think she was popular enough to make it to the first line of artists.
Stereo Love by Edward Maya. I would hear that song at least 3 times on my way to and from school back in the day. Was that song popular in the US?
EARF
This album SHAPED me. I was 13 years old and made graffitis on my neon green walls using a sharpie saying “I ❤️ ke$ha and Britney” listening to it nonstop and finding my own strengths thru Kesha’s music. I had a twitter account and my twitter handle was @AnimalFatale 💀
I’m in NYC atm after dreaming of moving here. It is very isolating as work schedules are insane and there’s little room to actually hang out with more than one or two people at a time. Distances are insane as well. I’m in Brooklyn and to get to Queens it’s at least an hour and a half each way. Also, crazy expensive. I don’t pay *much* because I’m not in a fancy neighborhood or anything but, for example, I met a guy who pays 1500 for a room in the Lower East Side and in said room he has space for his bed, a bedside table and literally nothing else.
Day Month Second by Girli. It’s more about a breakup but it’s still a bop and a half.
Well I like it 🤷🏻‍♀️
It’s a very generic song but I listened to it one time and I got the chorus stuck in my head, so I think that’s why it’s so popular. It’s catchy, fun and it’s easy to listen to.
My picks are: - Norman Fucking Rockwell! - Sunshine Kitty - Pure Heroine - Pop 2 - Electra Heart
Yes she is and we love that
She wasn’t small at all but Lana was finally acknowledged as a real artist instead of a kitschy character with all the rave reviews and nominations NFR! got.
For a more upbeat, the light is coming. People hate it but I find that song endearing.
Probably something innocent like take every copy of an album (I remember doing it for MDNA, Femme Fatale and BTD) and putting them first in every single shelf at the CD store.
Hello everyone! I hope you're all doing good wherever you are. So I've come here to talk to you about something that I've been working on for the past couple of days. I made a blog where I plan on reviewing a different album every single Monday, starting today! The first album I chose was Pony by Orville Peck after reading lots of nice things, so I listened to it, liked it and reviewed it. If you have any suggestions for albums I should do, or any comments on how to make the overall blog better, feel free to message. [Here’s the link to the blog](https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/) , I'd appreciate it if you have the time to look at it. It's my project for this upcoming new year and I'm really excited about it!
So I hope this is allowed. It's my blog that I started this year where I plan on reviewing a new album every single week. If you like it, please follow, comment on it, and let me know of any suggestions for future reviews. Thanks! (also I hope this type of post is allowed)
I thought Billboard said that the wouldn’t count repackaged sales as more than one?
But it’s not like a full-on banger like GIAW or NTLTC. It’s more subdued especially in the beginning and the choruses.
Thank you ☺️☺️
Hello everyone! I hope you're all doing good wherever you are. So I've come here to talk to you about something that I've been working on for the past couple of days. I made a blog where I plan on reviewing a different album every single Monday, starting today! The first album I chose was Pony by Orville Peck after reading lots of nice things, so I listened to it, liked it and reviewed it. If you have any suggestions for albums I should do, or any comments on how to make the overall blog better, feel free to message me. [Here’s the link to the blog](https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/). I'd appreciate it if you have the time to look at it. It's my project for this upcoming new year and I'm really excited about it!
Aw thank you! It’s something that I’d been wanting to do for months now and I’m glad I took the new year to get on with it. It’s only been a week but I’m already working on my next entry and it feels good to keep my mind occupied :)
Adele’s music being so romantic and adult-like and then turns out she is (was) a chain-smoking Lady with the mouth of 3 sailors.
I still read his website from time to time. It’s been a while since I went in but back in the day I’d tell my parents about Britney MK programming lmao
So how come Lana is never the headliner but is always second?
Ya they’re white
Shameless plug incoming: I started writing a blog in which I review a different album each week during the entirety of the year. I posted my first entry yesterday and it was Pony by Orville Peck! It was very well received and I’m really happy and glad about that. The link to the blog is https://wmr2020.tumblr.com I’d appreciate it if you could take a look and perhaps read if you’re interested and let me know if you have any suggestions on any albums I could do in the future and also on how to make the overall quality of the blog better. Thanks guys ☺️
&gt; Ribs, A World Alone, Buzzcut Season Otherwise known as The Holy Trinity
Is it me or was this news YEARS ago and she got upset because they had her on all fours?
He rawked my body once in the dumpster behind Hamburger Mary’s.
I feel like you got a lot of points correct on your review: Yummy feels like they took every popular song of the moment, blended them together and care up with this. I wanna go ahead and say that it’s not a *bad* song in itself because it just sounds like most stuff that’s on the radio, Spotify and Tik Tok, however when you attach the name “Justin Bieber”, who at this point is a legacy artist, and you get this, it becomes a disappointment for people in general. Like I remember his other first singles were all good, and his music has never been bad, but now this just feels so uninspired and lackluster.
I just checked. The other one was in Vegas and this is basically the same but in Berlin.
I would consider him legacy. He hasn’t released an album in 3/4 years and I bet you there’s not a single person in the entire world who doesn’t know who JB is. Edit: also age doesn’t matter. Britney was legacy with OIDIA and she was 19.
She’ll be like “omg NSYNC I love your work!”
Hello dear fellow gaymen and women. I’ve come here today to talk to you about my blog called Weekly Music Review 2020 (https://wmr2020.tumblr.com) in which (as the title suggests) I review a different album each week during the whole year. I’m really excited about this project and so far I’ve had a very good feedback from people. For my next album I was thinking of doing Golden Hour by Kacey Musgraves but decided to leave that one for Grammy week, some of the albums that I have in mind for future entries are: - The Altar - BANKS - Music to listen to~ Bring Me The Horizon - SEXORCISM - Brooke Candy - Daydreaming - Cha Cha - Immunity - Clairo - Pure Comedy - Father John Misty - Magdalene - FKA Twigs - Gfotv - GFOTY - MADRE del AGUA - Kali Mutsa - Lil Empire - Petite Meller - Illinois - Sufjan Stevens - Titanic Rising - Weyes Blood - Pang - Caroline Polachek - IGOR - Tyler the Creator - Ginger - Brockhampton - Night Time My Time - Sky Ferreira - X X - Loona - Arizona Baby - Kevin Abstract - El Mal Querer - Rosalia - Arca - Arca
Never forget the Hunger Games “everyone’s a pedophile and a junkie” post
Heart t Break by Kim? Idk if you’re looking for bubblegum pop but that sounds good enough. Otherwise I feel like any songs from the 10s will work for you. My first thought was actually Fancy.
She’s SOOOO good but people don’t like her? I shoes the Borders video to a friend of mine and he said he didn’t like her understated demeanor and presence.
I’ve been going thru severe mental breakdowns this past few months because I’m at that stage of realizing what I thought adulthood was gonna be like as a child is actually a lie and being an adult is just hard... like I hav so much respect and appreciation for things my parents have done for me because I’m realizing that I couldn’t do half of what they’ve done. It’s just a shitty moment in time for me but I will snap out of it eventually after I settle down.
Blame it on ~~your love~~ the autocorrect
I have a friend who’s just finished it and she said that she knew Bianca was gonna win and that Courtney seems heartless and cold lmao so I told her about how Courtney went on to be on a bunch of other shows and even won CBB. I told her that’s she’s gonna have the best time ever with season 5 because she hasn’t seen that one nor AS, and she has no clue who Alaska is lmao
Girl the posted a UNHhhh gif hours ago with the caption “3 more hours!” Like ?
I was at Applebee's with a friend today and 1999 by Charli ft. Troye started playing. That was really cute.
Yeah I mean I’m pretty much a regular gay who listens to most music people here listen to. I was trying to steer away from albums I already know and love because I wanted fresh music, but i also think that a melodrama or a NFR! review would be fun. Lemonade I can actually do because I only just listened to it like 2 months ago lmao When it comes to your suggestions I’ve only listened to rainbow, masseduction and a bit of the kids are alright but I like all three so send would put them on my list. And when it comes to EPS I just figured I’d do like 2 or 3 in a week to make up for the fact that it’s not a full album. Thanks for your suggestions, I really appreciate them!
Welcome to the world beautiful ~¥€#iqą Boucher-Musk. First name is pronounced Jessica.
Probably most rappers? Like I don’t listen to their music but we have Lil Pump, Lil Tecca, Lil Nas X, Lil Jon, Lil Wayne, other Lils.
Ew she was like 15 here
People are MAD that Lizzo is big, black and confident in her own body and skills. They HATE Lizzo's confidence and it shows. No one is doing it like her.
Nitrome.com with my best friend
Wow girlie has put in the work and we love to see it
I’m listening to the album and even if I feel like it’s not all bad I have a complain: the formula of the great majority of the songs is the basic verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus. I don’t mind it *too* much, but it got to a point in certain songs where I was like “ok now comes the bridge and then another chorus and then it’s done”. They became predictable. I’ve read a lot of people complaining about Sunshine Kitty being like that but for some reason I feel like it’s more noticeable on this album than that one, especially because most choruses are just her repeating the same thing over and over and mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm mm wow look at her now. It’s not a weak project by any means, but it’s also not her strongest and that’s okay. It’s nice to have a pop album that’s not filled with trap beats tho.
Hello everyone. I’m in Philly with my mom and my uncle and we were sitting at this diner and Goodbye by Kristinia DeBarge started playing. My gay ass was shooketh.
People only cancel women, sadly. That’s why Chris Brown still has a career after doing all sorts of messed up shit.
Is the library open, darling?
All 3 of them
Me too. I like the album but it feels a bit too generic and a bit too... meh? Like, I don’t hate it, I’m still listening to it... but my life would be exactly the same had it never come out.
I’m sitting at an ihop and there’s a guy sitting next to me and he’s that guy who just doesn’t shut up. Like, he’s that annoying gay twink who has literally been talking since we got here like 15 minutes ago. He’s with a friend and she’s said like 5 words. They got their food and he kept talking while eating and you could hear the loud af chewing noises. And on top of that when he’s not talking, he starts humming songs... definitely not into that.
Bad Romance (but Tik Tok was #1 so I’m not complaining)
I’m gonna answer this as well but it’s usually albums that get me into an artist: Born to Die for Lana, Electra Heart for Marina, Blackout for Britney, COTDF for Madonna, Step 1 for Aurora. Also honorable mention to NFR! by Lana which might be my favorite album ever.
Literally a generic reggaeton song. To people saying they’ve heard this beat before, this is the only go-to beat for this type of music. If you’re Hispanic you know. It’s literally the same production as Despacito with with Shakira instead of Fonsi.
Hello everyone! [Here’s my review of Selena’s new album](https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/post/190235275905/rare-by-selena-gomez?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf), this is my second entry in my weekly music blog. There’s also a thread in the sub in which I’d like to discuss the album with people. Thanks for reading and if you have any suggestions, let me know ☺️
So I never go into this sub anymore because I don’t wanna see spoilers about the upcoming seasons, but when are they announcing S12 and AS5? Edit: thanks to both 💕
Probably people trolling? I posted a comment with the same link in the daily discussion post and it’s been upvoted lmao It may also be that I wished people a happy Monday and tbh who doesn’t hate Mondays?
No it’s not. Just off the top of my head I have music in English, Spanish, Russian, German, French, Portuguese and Hebrew within my library.
Animal by Kesha came out Jan 5 2010 and I haven’t forgotten it to this day
Hello! Sure ☺️ So as for Spanish I listen to a playlist called Eléctrica Selvática which is a type of music that like pop music mixed with traditional Latin American genres, so you get weird mixes like cumbia or reggaeton with pop. Favorite artists in this genre are Kali Mutsa, Bomba Estéreo and Cholita Sound. Also I should mention there’s tons of Spanish-singing artists but I don’t listen to most of them, i.e. reggaeton singers and Latin trap artists. As for Russian as someone also mentioned, Ic3peak is (to me) the way to go. Also Pussy Riot and t.A.T.u. German is basically just Rammstein and that Kim Petras verse in In The Next Life lol French artists I like are Yelle, Polo &amp; Pan, Kendji Girac, Vendredi Sur Mer, Claire Laffut, Bleu Toucan, amongst many others which I’m probably forgetting atm. Portuguese are Sofi Tukker (originally from NY but they sing in Portuguese as well) Also Polo &amp; Pan have some songs in Portuguese too. There’s also Pabllo Vittar, obvi. I only know one Hebrew artist and that’s Anya Bukstein, she’s an actress who was also in Game of Thrones. She has one song i like with Offer Nissim. As for song recommendations, taste is subjective so if you’re curious about any of them just go listen to them. Hope this helped! ☺️
People You Know is THAT bitch even if the lyrics are pretty straightforward
Play Destroy by Poppy
Basically her entire discography
Perfect Places by Lorde. Like, what the fuck are perfect places anyway?
Well, no. It’s not objectively a bad album. Imo it’s her best. Taste is subjective. Edit since you edited too: so if Selena doesn’t like the album does that mean it’s a bad album? Kesha probably hates her first two albums but does that mean they’re “objectively” bad? Because I see people praising Animal and Warrior everyday. People say it’s “EDM trash” but in 2013 what wasn’t EDM trash? And even that’s a false statement, EDM does not equal trash. Those songs might not have much depth to them but they’re good. Like I’d list which songs are good but I’d be listing the entire album because I love it that much. People say Revival is Selena’s magnum opus but I can barely get thru that album and to me that’s the one with barely 5 listenable songs. Also, yes, Miley was promising but then she did way too much for everyone’s liking and she had to learn from her mistakes, went thru hell and back and then she sadly keeps flopping with her projects because people lost interest. Selena went on to be one of the most followed people on Instagram and released album after album which were all successful. She’s also had to deal with her health issues so that’s why she’s not as active anymore. As for Rare, I think it might be partly her fault for saying it’s her most personal album but that’s a narrative that every single artist tries to push. It’s just to make people anticipate the album. Does that make Rare a bad album? No. It’s a very standard pop album that in my opinion happens to be good.
Hello everyone. So for my album review blog I'm thinking of doing Kacey Musgraves' Golden Hour this week to commemorate the fact that it's the current AOTY and next week I'm planning to do a review on whichever album wins AOTY. As for now, this is the link to the blog https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/ you'll find two reviews so far, one for Pony by Orville Peck and one for Rare by Selena Gomez. Hope you like it :)
Familydick has that series that it’s the bearded dad with a bear tattoo on his chest always topping the twinky son but there’s one scene where the son tops the dad. Hot af.
Me too, sadly. I told my dad about this yesterday actually. I even did a research paper on Savages for school once, that’s how much I love Marina.
&gt; footage of her dressed up as a farmer Girl I- But honestly, Perfect Places has a video that fits the song beautifully. I actually adore this video and I’m surprised that you don’t.
Body Language by Heidi Montag. That song is eternal and it’s on many of my playlists.
I have it on my laptop. I’ll look for it later. There’s also one with Dano something (the brunette hottie with the circle tattoo on his chest) where the dad and him flip fuck and they both breed each other.
The Greatest by Lana Del Rey and no one can tell me otherwise.
THAT BITCH by Bea Miller. Song is good and has a very aggressive nature but it ends with some guys laughing, she’s laughing and then she screams in your ear “OH MY GOD A BANGER!” And I was like “oh ok go off I guess”
Well she IS up for a Grammy
I’m watching AJ and the Queen and my only complain is that Michelle Visage isn’t playing Lady Danger.
I’m liking it a lot! I hate that AJ screams a lot and that Lady Danger was not played by Michelle Visage, but other than that, I love it.
Thank you!! This blog I kinda special to me because it’s given me a purpose and I like it for that. I enjoy music and I know tons of people do to. I’ll add it to my list. There’s nothing I like more than new music so feel free to throw any suggestions my way
Props to her for seeing people complain about a two-date tour and add lots of more shows, it shows her team cares.
That’s not a bad ass at all
Hello. I’ve been uploading my own album reviews but I just use the article flair. It’d be nice to have a flair just for that! Alternatively also song reviews, MVs, etc.
Dua Lipa. Haven’t seen her live but what got me into DSN was her live performances.
Thank you! Yes lmao my mind was blown when High Horse started playing the first time and my first thought exactly was “why didn’t anyone tell me to listen to THIS song?”
I posted a discussion thread asking for Grammy predictions and everyone said NFR! for AOTY, let’s hope she really gets it because no one deserves it more.
Girl I thought I was being delusional but apparently everyone feels the same
I hope this works for you!
I went out with a cute guy today. He’s 30, has a steady job and family life and he’s from a different city that I am so his accent is really cute. We talked for a long ass time, made out and engaged in oral sex lmao Now we’re talking and I actually like him. I didn’t expect to like him, only sexually, but alas.
Because she hates gays that’s why
Meh. Boys, Tempo, Juice and Water Me deserve all the clout if she’s going to keep releasing old songs.
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 the gays are winning
She really can do no wrong in my eyes. No one bring Luke up because her music slaps. Just be happy that a trans woman is out there living her life to the fullest.
She looks soooo good!
Wait but HOW LONG has it been since we got a proper EDM-inspired track? Pop music is making a return and we love to see it, girlies
Ok so this song is new but it says it was released Nov. 2018 2019 on my Spotify? 😖
ah i see
Her entire situation makes me so sad. I just wish she could be happy.
I’m currently watching AJ and the Queen but it’s taken me like 2 weeks now, not because I don’t have time to watch it, but because it’s good, however I cannot bring myself to binge watch it.
“You don’t have to explain yourself white queen” Why are people so hateful? Omg
And another one... and another one... and another one...
I don’t. It’s a black man in a thread full of black people making fun of a white girl for saying she has curly hair. Why does he have the need to remark that she’s white like there’s anything wrong with that? Edit: typo
Yeah I kinda don’t feel the need anymore to sit and watch an entire season all at once. I did that with Grace and Frankie and OITNB and tbh when the next season came along I didn’t remember shit.
YES! I’m rooting the most for Gigi, Crystal and Jan because she seems so lovely. But Gigi is giving me EVERYTHING I need.
Pet Shop Boys releases a new album
Don’t generalize. What is this girl in particular getting away with? Having wavy hair that she called curly? How has this girl ridiculed anyone?
Currently obsessed with Boss Bitch by Doja Cat. It’s such a good song. I’d been wanting a BANGER since many many years ago and we finally got it!
Ugh I just can’t believe Halsey invented Al Qaeda
Why did you edit your comment? Because it said “miss me with that “not all white people” bs” Don’t play me, sir
https://youtu.be/gJ-wG-EVAjA
Aurora. My first song was Churchyard and it still amazes me to this day.
Did we ever get the video of him fingering his ass?
No, link?
I can’t get over how hot Gigi is, both in and out of drag.
I screamed.
Dont put those thoughts out into the universe
Do people not know that the “lady in pink” is Guiliana Rancic? Lol am I THAT old? Edit: maybe there’s more than one lady in pink? The one I’m watching had Guiliana
Ugh someone let me know when Camel gets off the stage
Ok I’m sorry that was actually very cute. Sorry to Camel.
I rarely watch awards for this reason... like why do they have a need to have like 20 performances instead of making space for more categories?
I love Ari 🥺🥺🥺
She also did My Favorite Things before 7 Rings
She’s Gen Z she’s prolly got it figured out
Me watching Aerosmith: “ok boomer”
I was distracted typing here and saw it and was like “um...”
Yup, no doubt about it
Ok wow this sounds good
Of course I wanted NFR! to ~~rightfully~~ win AOTY but Billie deserves every single award and no one will tell me otherwise.
“Thank you, bye!”
Whats more honest than NFR? Lmao
Hello everyone. I run a weekly music blog in which I review a different album every week. I wanted to commemorate whichever album won AOTY and it was Billie! The review was done last week preemptively because I knew it was between her and Lana. Hope you all can give it a read and tell me what you think! I’m super happy for Billie and all the success she’s currently having 🥰
https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/post/190494563885/when-we-all-fall-asleep-where-do-we-go-by-billie Mods took down my post (which is the first time It’s happened) because it’s apparently not relevant? So um anyway. I said last week that this week’s entry on my blog would be a review of whoever album won AOTY and Billie took it. So here it is. Hope you all enjoy this one :)
Ugh you have no idea how much I’ve waited for this
Not that I’m going but I’m surprised to see no NYC
Well aren’t the MSG or CitiField enough? Or multiple shows at the Barclays center?
Well aren’t the MSG or CitiField enough? Or multiple shows at the Barclays center?
The gays are being blessed one day at a time
Huh... then i don’t understand what girls like Gigi and Crystal (which were my two favorites) were protesting. I get urban streetwear but that’s it
And Dua gave it to Billie this year, maybe it’s becoming a trend
Me trying to open the video: :) Me when it said “video unavailable”: :(
Um there’s honestly lots of them but one that comes to mind if Collxtion II by Allie X. Casanova, Paper Love and That’s So Us are amazing, but the only other song that stuck with me besides those 3 is Lifted.
Well I’ve noticed something, it depends on my mood. Last week I successfully did OMAD for the entirety of the week, but then this Monday I got into an argument with my dad which very much spiked my anxiety and i binged that day and yesterday. This morning I woke up commutes to going back to OMAD, but it’s hard. Before I was feeling way better and I’d suddenly go without eating until like 3pm and I’d be like “oh cool, I’ve fasted for 20 hours now”, yesterday I woke up and all I could think about was breakfast.
I said this in the Lana sub and I’ll say it again: Ever since this song first came out I said it was way too poppy for Lana and that it sounded more like a The Weeknd song. This just proves entirely my point, the song was originally a true Lana song but then they count out all the lyrics and made it repetitive and slapped a The Weeknd feature on it, and my only guess is that they did this so the song would go mainstream.
I’m literally in shock by Bernie’s campaigning and that logo lmao
Huh. Interesting.
I got a notification for a show in February so the album might be coming soon
Hello everyone! Do you feel lonely and scared? Is the world a scary and dark place? Then fear no more because hope is right around the corner. For free, you can go read my review of WWAFAWDWG available now on my music blog ([link is right here](https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/post/190494563885/when-we-all-fall-asleep-where-do-we-go-by-billie)) For my next review I’m doing either Pang by Caroline Polachek or Ginger by Brockhampton. Which one of those would everyone prefer?
Great! Pang it is! Other recommendations? [Here’s my list of albums I’m planning on doing ](https://wmr2020.tumblr.com/listofalbums)
Fasting for weight loss, yup.
Hajskakshe ooo hagdhaldkqhzuwb oooo ahBkwdjuedhb oooo look at my neck, look at my neck
There’s a girl from Norway called Otha who has 3 singles and her music is very much pop but she whispers and moans as well. Also, Kylie Minogue when she’s being extra sensual?
I will never get over that Blow remix. It’s insanely good.
Huh? I’m not coming for you. My comment had a slight typo but I fixed it. I’m literally calling you sickening because I like that look (assuming that’s you)
Well this pic is already 5 days old
I don’t know about her website per se but Aurora’s official playlist that features all her music doesn’t even feature all her music, it’s missing Queendom (and probably other songs too) and The River is in the playlist 3 times.
Don’t mock me :( I really thought they had a contract in which he was obliged to produce her music lol
Hello everyone. I think I’m finally back on track with fasting and I’m so excited for it. Last year I did IF and extended fasts (72hrs was the most I did) and I managed to lose over 40lbs in about 5 months. Then I moved to a different city for a while and I gained back 30lbs, which sucks but oh well. Now I’m starting to not snack as much as I used to, and last week I started IF doing 16:8, 20:4 and some day’s even turned to OMAD, and I’m already losing some weight again. In 3 weeks I’ve successfully lost about 10lbs, and right now I’m 36hrs into my first extended fast. My goal is 72hrs but I really wanna see if I can push it a bit more. My graduation is in two weeks and I wanna see how skinny I can get before that happens. I’m keeping everything healthy, of course. I don’t want anyone saying I’m starving myself.
And that’s a shame because it’s literally one of her best songs
Hello! I’m a writer both academically and not, and I recently started my own website reviewing different albums. I’d love to be a part of this when it comes to articles and think-pieces, thanks :)
Hollywood by MARINA.
I am confusion.
I would’ve liked her to get up and do the full choreo :(
Am i the only one that doesn’t like this?
You know what? I’ve never been a huge Dua fan, but DSN, this song and this video are changing that... she really is saving pop one single at a time.
When your mom is the biggest 80s music fan, you never forget Take on Me. It’s on constant replay.
I only like one song by her, My Way, that’s a bop and a half. The rest of her music? Plus I can’t not compare her to her sister.
I was sitting here listening to Billie and I realized they might give her the Oscar next year for her Bond song. And the Golden Globe too, maybe? Or am I delusional? Lol
Also High Road is not my favorite pop album ever but I appreciate it. And I thought it was solid enough and now I’m reading people saying that it’s a disappointment lol
Every instance of police brutality. Not even CNN is showing the full extent of it.
Ok come on Mariah Balenciaga. That was very powerful.
I want them to show every single vote
This is so cool! I really like it! Only thing is she looks like a blow up doll, which is not a bad thing at all.
Not only that. WOW threatened to DQ her but VH1 threatened to take legal action against her!
Also keep in mind that almost all DJs and producers are Scandinavian too. [This is an article I read a while ago when I was wondering the same thing](https://amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/280945/) (And add Aurora to your Norway list tyvm)
I like Sharon’s because it’s so different from what Trinity usually does and it really gives me Tim Burton vibes and I live for that.
Just sitting here thinking about the fact that AS6 could have another titanic cast like AS1 and AS2 did. Without including any girls who have been on the show before or those who have been blacklisted, the eligible pool of finalists could be Peppermint, Asia, Kameron, Eureka, A’keria, Silky, Crystal and Gigi. Throw in other girls like Jackie and Heidi and that’s the cast right there.
India Farrah Moan Exchangele Anang :)
I don't know if this has ever been talked about before but this little nugget of foreshadowing made me laugh my ass off. Roxxxy is literally holding THE white tank top while talking to Tatianna, unknowingly that this would be the very same reason of her demise.
Does anyone remember a playlist Lady Gaga released like a week before the album on Spotify which was a bunch of 90s French House songs that inspired the album or was it a fever dream I had? Also, if said playlist does indeed exist, could you link me to it? I never got to hear it and I got curious.
People say against Fame when they both lipsyncs, but lbr, Fame lost. Other than that, Pearl wasn’t as bad as everyone wants to make her out to be.
As a young gay who would always have female pop stars or drag queens as his phone background, I’d try and do my best so people wouldn’t see it and ask me about it.
Are we getting full body promo looks or is this it?
I just went into the Primavera Sound website and noticed that almost all tickets were sold-out except for the Thursday-only ticket. My main interest in the entire festival is Charli XCX, who just so happens to be performing on Thursday and I was not about to miss Miss Choli Baby live in concert, so I went ahead and bought my ticket. After reading the lineup more closely, I realized that on Thursday 100 Gecs, Rina Sawayama and Hannah Diamond are also performing, so that’s a plus. I’m excited, to say the least.
Yes please. I need more bangers. Quarantine is making me burn through music faster than usual.
There’s an Instagram page called @novel.noise with whom I have absolutely no affiliation whatsoever. They upload songs by lesser known upcoming artists from all over the world, and it’s mostly pop/alternative. I’ve been following them for years now and they never disappoint. Just thought I’d share this information here if you’re into that at all.
[my 5x5 of the week](https://imgur.com/WupnDLS) Let me explain myself first and then you can judge me. I “discovered” (started listening to) Charli XCX in December, and I’ve been slowly but surely going through all her catalogue. The point is I’m obsessed with her music. In March I created a quarantine playlist that I’m constantly updating, taking out old tracks and replacing them with new ones. To make the story short, my 80 track playlist has 25 Charli XCX songs lol However, the number 1 spot has been taken by Chromatica. It’s just a fucking good album, lyrics are beautiful and Gaga’s voice is heavenly.
[Milk when All Stars 2 was announced](https://www.instagram.com/p/5comAVHPtR/?igshid=2wtptu7mmbaa) (Yes I just scrolled down to July 2015 to find this video)
Missed Snatch Game opportunity.
[Latrice being at peace with Phi Phi’s ugliness. ](https://youtu.be/XqjUZAz1ieo)
I grew up in the same circles that Arca did, and an armored car here in Caracas isn’t that rare. For some reason they are common this part of town. That being said, it’s still a privilege because we’re talking about hundreds of thousands of dollars people pay to do so. I was fortunate enough to go to a good school and university here in Caracas but Arca studying in NYU which is a shit ton of money every year is the definition of privilege, especially because to get a student visa you have to show you have the means to pay for tuition, plus all the personal expenses, which rack up very quickly. She’s a white Latin trans woman who moved to America at a young age and had most things handed to her. Her saying that her parents now live in Caracas, Venezuela and are very average might be her way of saying “I’m rich as fuck now and my parents retired back to our home country.”
I wish you all the best luck with your journey! And thanks for the video! Very informative ☺️
I hate to admit that Trumpet Lights is in my workout playlist.
I detest and loathe Azealia Banks but her catalogue is full of bops. Like, there’s no way to deny that. And to be fair, her best projects (1991* EP and BWET) came out before she was as problematic as she is now.
I listened to it the first time and fell in love. Two weeks later I think I might’ve burnt it out just a tiny bit as I’m slowly starting to listen to something other that Chromatica. My ranking is as follows: 1. Alice 2. Replay 3. Babylon 4. Sour Candy 5. Sine From Above 6. Enigma 7. Rain on Me 8. 911 9. 1000 Doves 10. Free Woman 11. Fun Tonight 12. Stupid Love 13. Plastic Doll I LOVE me a good 90s house beat, so Alice, Replay and Babylon are my absolute top 3 with Alice being miles ahead of the other 2 because of the lyrics. It had been years since I read lyrics that spoke to me as Alice did. Also a very hot take here: Sine From Above is one of my favorite songs but as someone who had never heard an Elton John song, I hate his voice. He sounds like a drunk guncle trying to do karaoke with his niece, and it just feels so out of place to me. As for the bottom 3 of the album, I never really liked Stupid Love, it’s kinda catchy and I listen to it when listening to the full album, but never have I caught myself saying “oh I wanna listen to Stupid Love”. Fun Tonight is the closest thing to a ballad and for the most part I don’t like ballads, they bore me. And Plastic Doll I absolutely detest. The lyrics are as old as time and the beat is nothing excites, plus the bridge is the part I dread the most with that Farrah Moan whine at the end of it.
But she’s a gay icon omg how can you say this?!?!? Just look at her dancing to a Kim Petras song! 🥺🥺🥺 /s
I mean, I get your point but there isn’t much drama here, at least, just people calling out Cracker’s arrogance and fakeness while on other platforms people are victimizing her.
As a gay who grew up first and foremost a Britney stan, I do agree that the entire cohesiveness of albums and the deep meaning of lyrics was always lost and it was just more about enjoying music. It might also be that my first language is Spanish so to me it was always about the beat and not the lyrics.
I understand what you say because I’m the same. There’s artists that I love that I of course listen to their entire projects, not just songs here and there, but if it’s a random artist that pops up on any of my recommended playlists, I really don’t go listening to the entire album to see how I feel about that particular song. For example: How I’m feeling now came out and I listened to the whole thing. But then that same week I got Caffeine by Lolo Zouaï and I just saved it without listening to her album (although I’ve read it’s very good).
Why tho
I tried reading it and I got confuse but i wasn’t sure if it was because I’m high or because it doesn’t make sense at all. Comments are letting me know I’m not alone in my confusion.
First time I went my mom and I found a name that said “(Insert name here) and her unborn child” and I got really sad thinking about it.
My bf and I watched this and thought Blair was gonna win since we thought it was gonna be judged in groups. However, with that logic, then I admit that Shea would’ve been safe or probably even in the bottom, because they could’ve brought out the excuse that she wasn’t enough of a leader for her team, but there’s only so much you can do as far as someone else’s stage presence, dancing and singing. Also, Blair’s entire team would’ve been high with Blair winning. I do like that they judged individually since it was the most logical way to do so and that way, Shea shone alone instead of falling back due to her teammates.
I voted Merle because I remember she used to give actual critique instead of Michelle being aggressive because production told her so, Carson and Ross just giggling around and saying “you didn’t do great but you have such a lovely personality that I don’t give a fuck” and Santino* just being plain rude.
Why did this make me uncomfortable?
Well I think they showed a picture of Anthony Hopkins, right?
Did you also realize that the pink wall with the hole where they have to stick their entire arm in to grab a puppet is supposed to be a fisting joke? I told a friend this yesterday and he wouldn’t believe me.
The Villbergs (Swedish drag icons and lovely gay couple) have tutorials on both makeup and hair. The hair ones are especially fun because Mr. Villberg is really funny and endearing (and he has a cute accent). Also Kyne, one of our newest queens from the Canada installment, has a lot of tutorials on wigs.
You curate a playlist, a gallery, a set of pictures or images, maybe you can even curate your own Instagram feed, but you cannot curate a meme lmao it just sounds pretentious 👀
How is this related to the tweet?
For some reason I didn’t know that the Tik tok audio saying “I like the view” etc was Cyber Sex by Doja Cat.
Sue me but Stars Dance by Selena Gomez is one good album.
Angels Forever by Lana Del Rey. My grandma was basically bedridden for the last 2 years of her life, and she was always a very controversial woman because she got into alcohol after losing two children like one after another and due to that, she alienated a lot of people because she’d get angry and rude. She was never like that to me, btw, but at the time I was 16 and focused on other things, when I now realize I should’ve used that time to be with her, more than I already was. The day after she died I woke up and started playing music and Angels Forever came on and I just started bawling my eyes out, so ever since that time I’m instantly reminded of her when this song comes on. Similarly, Mother by Kacey Musgraves which talks about missing your mother who you might not live with. My mom moved to a different country almost 4 years ago and I do get to see her from time to time when I travel, but it’s just not the same. It was December last year and I was visiting her and it was my last week with her and this song came up, and yet again, I bawled my eyes out. These are the two songs I will never forget and while I can listen to Angels Forever without getting emotional now, I cannot say the same about Mother, it’s just a very charged song, emotionally speaking.
Sometime in the future, some homosexual kid will discover Drag Race and will instantly fall in love with all the queens, and this is something I like to think about from time to time, just how our current events will be seen or portrayed in the future, and with something like Drag Race which has become such a cultural phenomenon, I wanna know how it will be regarded in the future, be it 50 or 500 years from now, when Shea Coulee is nothing but the name of a person who was the winner of AS5 (I’m constantly speaking this into the universe)
If you liked that, check out Post too!
When the cockroach tries to run away from me
Thing is, as it’s been pointed out here constantly, black queens have been getting hate since the show started, and white queens have been praised for doing the bare minimum (not all of them ofc, it’s just a generalization). So when one white queen gets hate, her fans jump out to defend her while attacking QoC instead of loving everyone equally.
Or just, you know, be fair to queens and let things play out?
Oh I know. I’m just saying that producers don’t give a fuck about queens wellbeing’s or this would’ve been addressed years ago. I think it was phi phi that said it, but until a queens gets seriously hurt because of crazy fans, then the show won’t care about all the toxicity of the fandom.
This piece on Shea’s Instagram was made by an amazing artist called @kindasupermario who does photography of himself as artworks and gives the backstory of them, he even has a book. Go check him out on Instagram.
And also Shangela should’ve won but we’re not getting into that now
Read my comment again and please tell me how you came to that conclusion.
So if that’s the sentiment of fans I can’t do anything about it. I don’t send hate to anyone vc I don’t have the time or energy for that. But like, I don’t understand why this person is trying to make me the bad guy when I’m advocating for not sending hate to queens.
Lemme go make a PSA to end racism in the fandom, as if that’s my job.
I think it was just that everyone was so uncomfortable hearing cracker speak that they didn’t know how to react to it.
Yeah. I think she was pretty tired of it by then. When cracker said “help me sleep!” As if it’s ongina’s fault and jujubee immediately went “well then go to bed!”, in what to me was a way to tell her to shut up politely. Also probably they edited it that way, we don’t actually know how long that conversation was.
STEVE HARVEY? 😭😭😭😭
It’s a Valentina snatch game reference 👀 Why do you hate Mr. Harvey?
Once in Human Sexuality class our teacher grouped us up and told us to find every possible name for penis and vagina, curse words included. We found like 120 for each. You can basically make everything a dick if it looks phallic enough.
I think i read here that it’s custom made
Justin Bieber, Drake, Aileen Wuornos (bring her back!)
I read this with my no laws-knowledge brain and I was like “why the fuck would the runner be to blame for the child’s injuries if he didn’t decide to save the child?” And reading this makes sense.
Lmao I do agree that Venezuelan accent is probably the most neutral one, without any funny quirks like other accents. There are regional accents in Venezuela (as with other countries) but they are a bit different. The one you hear here is regional to the Caribbean Mountain System, namely Caracas and nearby cities.
Well statistically she won 2 challenges and was in the bottom once. Trixie won two challenges and was in the bottom twice.
I thought this too and i saw someone once here comment on how skinny queens look good in lingerie but big queens would be told they look sloppy and unfinished. And that this applies to most looks. And as a big guy myself who has been told he looks sloppy at times, I agree with the sentiment.
Mawma this is art
🥺🥺🥺 thanks
Started fasting again last week. I posted here and my weight at the time was 106.5kg. Last time I checked I had lost 5kg. All my clothes already feel very loose on me lol. I also started the Chloe Ting 2020 Summer Shred Challenge which lasts 28 days, this is my fourth day of the program which is a rest day. Other than that, I feel fine.
I didn’t like it at all either tbh. Akasaka Sad is that bitch to me but other than that I couldn’t really get into it, way too disjointed for me and halfway through it I zoned out and it became background noise even tho I was wearing headphones.
This is not good at all but it will probably be huge in Latin America because there’s nothing people here like more than the same beat over and over again.
What kind of high school circlejerk-y account is that? 💀
I actually loved this. Didn’t understand the judges critiques.
I’d love to join if there’s still chance.
Happy Father’s Day everyone! If you still have your dads with you, go hug them. If you don’t, then find one on Grindr and do your thing! 🥰
Lmao I forgot about this one!!! And I’m so glad the girls took the ~~bait~~ carrot.
I started a Harry Potter marathon last week because it had been years since I watched any of the movies and even longer since I read the books. The movies are very cool and they all still hold up, except for one thing: Daniel Radcliffe’s acting. Literally everyone is a better actor than him, even Hedwig. Harry is always like 👁👄👁
I’m getting Violet from Trixie and Malibu Latrice from Bob.
Come thruuuu terrorist queen!
There’s this woman on Tik tok called lisalisa80sgirl, her videos are just a bunch of selfies of her with 80s music and she had the very same energy as if my mom used Tik tok, so naturally I follow Lisa and like all her videos.
My aunt and my dad were calling Biden a communist and my aunt kept praising Trump for no apparent reason. And we aren’t even American.
You literally had me until your very last 3 words. Down with capitalism but also down with communism. No extreme is ever good.
Hello everyone, I have a question. The other day I watched I Am Sam with my boyfriend because ever since I met him he’s been raving about how beautiful it is. So a couple days ago I decided to give it a chance and watch it with him. And I’ve never been more offended and I’ll tell you why. The movie spends two hours trying to convince you that an autistic man who was the brain of a 7yo can take care of his 7yo daughter because “all you need is love”. While I do agree that love is the most important part in a familial relationship, I also happen to have an uncle who isn’t autistic, but is mentally challenged and also had the brain of a young child. This has always been a very complex issue for me because for a time last year, I had to take care of my uncle, as in drive him to and from work, make him lunch everyday, do his laundry and whatnot. Because he can do a couple things by himself but not to the extent of living by himself. So I’ve been in that situation and I can’t fathom the unrealistic-ness of the movie trying to tell me that it’s perfectly fine for someone like Sam to take care of a young child himself. Worst part of all? The role is played by Sean Penn, who isn’t autistic, and to me it almost felt like mockery. I just hated it all around and I found it offensive, both personally and in general. Has anyone seen this movie? And if so, how do you feel about it?
I will give you social democracy and we have a deal ✊🏼
Nicki has always been desperate but we’re just catching up to it now. And I was a fan before, lost interest in her and now she’s openly supporting and defending pedophiles/rapists.
I’m actually supposed to be in Madrid in September for my Master’s... I’m trying to deal with the fact that I might probably not be able to go.
Because people are dumb and don’t wanna wear masks.
I got 100% with 3:30 left. I even did them in order, that’s how obsessed I am with this show too.
Same... and my life is just me constantly replaying them trying to curate them further and I just end up deleting like 1 song and feeling like a clown.
Why do white RPDR runner-ups get so many more opportunities than the black winners? No hate to anyone but Gigi Goode did nothing but disappoint me in the last few weeks of S12 and now she’s everywhere. Good for her but also ?
Great, thanks! Will be there ☺️
Am I the only one who didn’t like it? It sounds dated, like a song from 2015/2016.
I am going to have to listen to the Pride Remix of Mood Ring more carefully. Everyone is raving about it and it just sounds generic to me? Like, I can name 10 2016 EDM songs that sound exactly like the remix, and don’t come for me telling me “well it came out in 2016!”. I’m talking about the remix that came out today, not the original song from 2016!
GOT LOST
I can tell you that when the Cold War was going on, they did it to avoid communist governments in LatAm that could work as a satellite for the USSR within the region. That’s why they got so much into different countries’ business. Also, lots of countries in SA have oil, so that could be an incentive too.
Top toot of the week, I might even call it a shoot. Yes I did.
I don’t understand how everyone thought India and Mayhem were in the top, they were clearly the worst group.
Joey or Redacted.
Stan Yume Hime and Botota and Sofia Camará and Luna Di Mauri.
Talking Body by Tove Lo - a classic.
Yes! Regular diets have never worked for me but with IF I’m down 40lbs and counting!
You probably already have some resources, but I’ll hook you up with some that have done wonders for me: - MyFitnessPal app works wonders if you like counting calories (I’m way too lazy for that and it stresses me out = I start eating more), but I use it to log my weight. - LIFE app to keep track of all the time you’ve fasted. - r/fasting and r/intermittent fasting have amazing communities that will help and motivate you along your journey. - on YouTube watch Dr. Ken Berry, Dr. Berg and any video of people fasting (only the ones that are doing it for health/weight loss reasons, not them skinny girls who get into it because it’s a trend). They also work to help you stay motivated. - Keep your mind busy!! Take time to do things you enjoy and avoid idle times to avoid thinking about food. - I’m doing the Chloe Ting 2020 Summer Shred Challenge and I’ve lost a couple inches already 14 days in, it’s easy enough to make you want to keep going but it’s also a goooood workout. - black coffee and tea (no sugar/cream/milk) are awesome to curb your appetite. If coffee gives you anxiety like it gives me and you don’t wanna be a nervous wreck all the time, all I do is I have a huge glass of water that holds 1 liter, I fill it up and chug it down. That makes me feel full and it makes me not want to eat. - consistency. It’s hard at first but if you keep going you’ll feel better and you’ll soon forget about food. It works wonders if you’re a lazy fuck like I am but still want to lose weight, we all deserve a chance and I’m so grateful I found IF as a way of living. I hope you stay on your path and keep shedding those pounds! 8lbs in 2 weeks is awesome progress!
In Venezuela people eat plantain and banana peels due to the food scarcity, not because they want to, but apparently it’s perfectly fine and safe to do so. [Here’s a video by Emmymadeinjapan where she makes a batch of “beef” while it’s actually plantain peels. ](https://youtu.be/Om4zksh2g6g)
Google “professional hairstyles for men/women” and then google “unprofessional hairstyles for men/women” The world is racist by default and it’s so sad to see.
My best friend is upset about J* being cancelled and he’s telling me “well Judy Garland did blackface too!!!” And I’m like “sis you’re reaching”
I was one of the ones who commented Video Games and as someone replied to you, in a world full of Gagas and Keshas and Britneys and Katys, Lana said “fuck that party shit” and released one of the moodiest songs known up until that point. A cultural reset doesn’t have to be literally groundbreaking or reach a whole audience. 2011 was the year of tumblr and Twitter coming into the mainstream and a huge group of people (myself included) found their niche little world of being able to escape the “gold chains, grey goose and trashed hotel rooms”, as Lorde would later say. This is where Lana blew up. Yeah, Video Games barely charted but after Lana came Lorde, Halsey, Melanie Martinez, Billie Eilish, Weyes Blood, etc etc, all girls who followed her sad girl aesthetic and applied it to themselves, thus allowing less outgoing people to relate to their music instead of partying every day of the week (which is fun to listen to but sounds exhausting in practice). Lana was hated and torn to shreds but she has slowly become a staple in music and culture and she will forever be the pioneer and trailblazing queen of being sad and depressed, but also horny. This is why I think that song is a cultural reset, music literally shifted in the following years after she blew up and it stayed that way.
Replying to you. To be fair I started smoking weed because I was curious and I always did it privately with my close group of friends and now I mostly smoke alone. It’s not to look cool, I promise, it’s because it calms me down and makes me feel happy and relaxed. I smoke weed and people call me boring because all I do is sit and listen to my music for hours lmao so don’t feel bad if you don’t, we all have different things we like and you don’t have to feel pressured to drink or so drugs if it simply isn’t your thing.
I didn’t pick those because they’re not Charli songs per se, just sings she featured on. If it ever came down to a true greatest hits, then for sure, but as the challenge was songs that I felt captured Charli’s essence the best, I don’t think those two would fit well.
He’s like an all-out Jeffree stan. I used to like J* but not so much now, he would literally kill for him, tho. I don’t judge.
Well since it was for a movie I decided not to pick it. Charli had mentioned how before Vroom Vroom she was following what her label wanted and that’s why I didn’t include many songs from that era. It was literally the 16th song tho, but I chose to take it out and leave the other ones.
Yup. And I was there stanning each and every one of them. It was also the year I came out: what a time to be alive.
I got Rock M first and then Gigi.
Really good song but why is it a literal rehash of Rocket by W&amp;W &amp; Blasterjaxx? I’m not complaining tho, that’s my favorite big room song.
I’d like to see someone doing France Conroy as Myrtle Snow. She’s iconic and full of catchphrases and I’m sure that done correctly the queen could win. Talking about Rose, I saw a clip of the reunion episode and it’s just her screaming in Tagalog at Ed and the hosts.
(B)Abe Lincoln
What did aquaria say?
