Nah, no matter how bad it gets, they'll stick with the guy who lies to them that it's not their fault. It's why the came, and it's why they stay.
If you're a car guy: Chrisfix Ammonyc Projectfarm
Awesome, thanks
The 2018 Mazda 3 Grand Touring with the premium package has all of those features. I assume the 6 and CX models in Grand Touring trim will have them as well. That's the top trim level though. If you can live without the HUD, you can get almost everything else on the Touring trims. Just go to Mazdausa.com and build one to see.
Kbb has a lot of trim information like that. You can use the site or app.
Because this sub wants to strengthen the government to push its own views. In this post, it's demanding that private companies monitor their own products in line with government ideals.
But social media rules are set by the companies themselves. But you want the government to dictate what should and shouldn't be allowed?
Doesn't the government already provide that in the form of public universities, town hall meetings, and public libraries?
Isn't this how things are today? Or are you saying that you want to keep this prt of the US system?
That stops in 2011. Edit: here are some sources. Charts: Oil and NG for the last ten years. Notice the drop almost immediately after your time frames. https://www.macrotrends.net/2500/crude-oil-vs-natural-gas-chart Oil for the last 70 years. Notice that the most recent spike isn't all that different from the 70s oil crisis, and the 2015 bottom sends us back to pricing we saw around 2000, 1985, and 1970; a fifteen year cycle. https://www.macrotrends.net/1369/crude-oil-price-history-chart Why commodities crashed in 2015: https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2015/12/why-have-commodities-crashed/ It's happening again right now, in fact: https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2018-07-13/commodities-smacked-by-trade-war-with-biggest-drop-in-5-months https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2018/11/09/stocks-are-out-of-a-correction-but-lagging-commodities-signal-more-trouble-ahead.html Edit 2: this is common among environmental blogs that want to tell the story of an unsustainable, ever increasing oil prices. As if oil isn't gross enough on its own. The problem is that you need to take recent data into account, and you can't compare different time frames to each other. I don't think OP did it on purpose. It's a common mistake and a very tempting one if you're looking for a negative oil story. But it totally ignores the market forces at work, primarily that high prices encourage new supply. Which is exactly what happened during the last peak, which justified the expense of fracking. So the high price that is supposed to be an example of tightening supply actually created an oil glut that drove the price to next to nothing, and oil became abundant. I'm fact, opec tried to kill shale oil by increasing supply and driving the price down as far as possible. It was a crazy year. But most other commodities tanked as well, so it was a broader market movement and not just political. But either way, it undermines the market price analysis performed in this article.
Why do you phrase it that way? It's not a tiered apparatus so much as a set of independent government bodies that fall within the legal framework of the next larger body. Are you trying to replace the independence with a top-down governor model like China?
Those were the days. Wing clipping and shot ting planes with bazooka was Hella fun.
I guess I won't be a comedian then.
It's why I said maybe. I wouldn't think he wants impeachment, but he's taunting the Dems as if he wants the fight. TBH, he likes fights, they keep him in the news and keep his base riled up. He doesn't like to let things calm down for more than a day or two before starting new fights, sometimes just for the hell of it.
Firework outlet.
WTF is a TERF?
Oh, I still like it too. It's super fun and I love the characters, writing, directing and cinematography. But it's not life advice and you shouldn't try to emulate it.
Keep up the fight. You'll win eventually.
Try telling that to half the internet population under 25 who want to be Tyler Durden. :p
The head scientist estimated he needed 2,000 tons of lead to cover the reactor but was afraid of asking for so much. But the party boss running the cleanup knew the soviet way of doing things and ordered 6,000 tons. 2,500 tons therefore arrived almost immediately. &amp;#x200B; The helicopter crews used the excess to line their helicopters as well as they could, but most military and workers exposed in the early days of the cleanup received massive doses. There was simply no sufficient means of protection against the extremely high radiation levels, and most were completely ignorant of the danger at all. &amp;#x200B; I just finished the book, [Midnight in Chernobyl](https://www.amazon.com/Midnight-Chernobyl-Greatest-Nuclear-Disaster-ebook/dp/B07GNV7PNH) that I picked up after watching the first episode. It's somehow just as good as the show while giving every detail of what happened, and why.
Meth-fueled, family-values, gay-conversion-relapse sex, so it's forgiven.
They've successfully stymied the progress of shifting demographics by at least another 20 years. I would be impressed if I weren't being so damn disenfranchised.
Keep in mind that you are your own worst critic. You're the only person pouring all of your prior actions with a fine-toothed comb and seeing these things. Everyone else just knows that this is who you are and don't pay nearly as much attention. Take a look at how other people act and imagine that you're them, looking back on that behavior a few weeks from now. You'll see that they could do the exact same thing to themselves, meanwhile, to you in this moment, they're just being themselves and you think it's totally normal.
Teaching his own book is narcissistic, but very common. Lots of professors do this, and if you think about it, it makes sense - they're teaching their own research from the source most familiar to them. &amp;#x200B; But selling the syllabus is the biggest pile of bullshit I've ever heard of. Report that to the department. I don't know how he got that approved in the first place. Stupid.
The US will still exist as a country, but it will be very different. We'll completely lose our standing in the world and our average quality of life will stop progressing. The rest of the world will catch up, then surpass us in productivity, quality of life and then technology. We'll become one of many superpowers, then potentially stop being a superpower at all and fall far behind China. &amp;#x200B; The problem is that inequality creates inefficiency, which has unavoidable economic consequences. By propping up the power of a smaller and smaller group of people who are desperately clinging to their status at the top of our economic and cultural hierarchy, we'll stamp out opportunity, innovation, and growth. We'll simply stagnate. &amp;#x200B; Those still in power won't care one bit, but it will mean the permanent end of the post-war order and the US's supremacy in the world. The best-case scenario is that we become isolationist and happily let the world pass us by. The worst-case is that the global reshuffling of power somehow leads to another world war.
I'm a liberal. I once considered myself a moderate liberal, but then the country took a hard right turn in 2016 and now it appears that I'm a communist nazi antifa traitor, and definitely not a 'real' American. So I don't know what to say anymore.
Why was it risky to go with Mazda?
But ss defending your property an attack? &amp;#x200B; I'm not disagreeing with you, but this isn't a clear cut area of law, and how it is enforced varies by location.
My uncle served papers for a while and was attacked constantly just for ringing the doorbell. You may not have seen it, but it exists.
There is no fix. That is a disaster no matter who is in that position. It's a no-win and you should run away, hide and call the police. If you have a gun and want to be a hero, you should wait until you know what is actually going on before doing anything. However, one of my biggest concerns with conceal carry is that people will pull their gun and react before understanding the situation. Gun owners aren't stupid, but they mostly aren't trained to deal with active-shooter situations. Having little training but a mistaken confidence that they can successfully intervene is a bad mix.
I find questions like this to be odd. Cost constraints and resource management are what make engineering problems interesting. Over-designing things while ignoring practical limitations is the least creative engineering there is.
No, I stand by what I said. This isn't about ignoring nuance or listening to each other. As presented, the scenario of an active shooter with zero contextual information is a disaster. There is no political solution that can guide the person facing this dilemma. You can't make legislation or sit down with your opponents that will magically give a person in an active-shooting situation more information. As presented, the only viable action for both armed and unarmed people is to not engage. For unarmed people, they should flee. For armed people, they should at minimum wait for more information before trying to engage, but should probably also flee. But regardless of whether you're armed, the outcome of this scenario is bad. There is no political solution that suddenly makes it a good situation.
Lecturer: "...let's take Schrodinger's paradox.." &amp;#x200B; Google Glass subtitles: '...*let's take Schrodinger's pair of ducks..'* &amp;#x200B; Me, on exam: "Professor, I swear I tried. I searched the text and internet, but couldn't find anything on Schrodinger's pair of ducks. I'm so sorry, I love this class but don't know what to do..." &amp;#x200B; Maybe that won't be good for us, afterall.
Oh my god yes. This car was bonkers from day 1. GIANT engine, NO safety/assist features, and very light weight. Outside of performance, the temperature different between your feet and head was 50 degrees because the engine throws so much heat. &amp;#x200B; Nothing about that car is simple or boring.
Uhhh, was everyone OK? You really can't end a story that way, dude.
My dad did phones for 37 years. I used to play with those things all the time, but would definitely never use them in a car. They seemed best for super small wire gages and not nearly strong enough for automotive.
Hydraulics are super-inefficient, actually. the MPG of a car would plummet if you added a hydraulic propulsion system and tried to get the same performance (speed, acceleration) as an equivalent vehicle. But to answer your question, here's an example: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercedes-Benz\_600#Mechanical](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercedes-Benz_600#Mechanical) &amp;#x200B; It wasn't propelled by hydraulics, but they were used for everything else on the car. It was super advanced for the time, but ended up being a mechanical nightmare. The maintenance and repair work is extremely difficult and expensive, not to mention all the extra weight. &amp;#x200B; But here's why hydraulic is less efficient: &amp;#x200B; 1. Added weight to the vehicle in the form of pumps, hoses, connections, and the several gallons of hydraulic fluid that would be needed. 2. Hydraulic systems are always 'on,' meaning the pump is always running and fluid is always circulating so that pressurized fluid is available to provide force when needed. The way hydraulics work is by keeping a small closed loop always running, then opening a valve to allow the fluid from that loop to flow where needed. Pushing the 'gas' would just be opening a valve for fluid to flow. 3. The heat generated is tremendous. The constantly-circulating fluid creates friction inside the pump, pipes and hoses, and every part of the system gets hot. This heat needs to be dissipated somehow, so you'd need to add another radiator to the car for the hydraulic system. This heat is also a form of waste. It's created when some of the energy of the moving fluid gets lost to the friction inside the piping, meaning the fluid loses some of it's pressure and force. To overcome this loss, you need to install a bigger engine and pump, and therefore burn a bit more fuel. So this loss leads to increased fuel consumption. &amp;#x200B; For these reasons, most hydraulic systems are being converted to electric wherever possible. Anytime an electric motor can drive something directly instead of a hydraulic system, it makes more sense to use the motor. &amp;#x200B; The last thing I'll speak on isn't related to efficiency, but safety. A hydraulic car would be extremely dangerous in an accident. Hot, high-pressure fluid could potentially spray out of any ruptures in the system, making an additional hazard to occupants or first-responders. &amp;#x200B; Source: was in industrial energy efficiency for about 10 years.
What was vindictive about identity politics?
For the billionth time: I'm super sorry that I tried to give you health care.
Good for you! I work with students, and the number of times I need to intervene with campus resources in order to get their needs taken seriously is fucking sad. Our accommodations office had ONE person for a year, so a girl with a cane was put on the 4th floor of a non-elevator building. The solution: "Try to trade with someone on a lower floor. Maybe someone will agree to move." She got on the second floor by the grace of a very kind student. &amp;#x200B; But talking to the on-campus medical center is the worst. I'm trained every year on their policies and procedures. I KNOW they have a floating doctor with no appointments available EVERY DAY, just for walk-ins. But all of my students are turned away or told there's no availability until they come to me and I call. When I mention their policies, suddenly my student can be seen right away. &amp;#x200B; And it's a super nice, private school. People are just super shitty to students, and they get away with it because 18 year olds are used to blindly following what 'adults' say to them. Bullshit.
Eh, Obamacare had a lot more teeth to it initially, particularly around controlling costs. The GOP has slowly eroded the law by repealing pieces of it over the last 8 years or so. They don't want the law to succeed, so they've tried to make it dysfunctional as much as they can.
I thought you weren't an uber driver?
What pent up anger and what were the unhealthy ways? I genuinely curious because I was pretty damn happy under Obama, so I didn't experience what you're talking about.
Apparently some concrete sealer and rain flashing found a way to entomb me forever in my front steps.
You have to, otherwise it could kill you.
The armchair psychology about gender and mental illness is amazingly bad. I really hope it explodes and reaches its full potential.
It could be the temperature sensor in the engine, and it definitely wouldn't hurt to check the coolant level to make sure you still have some in there.
Relax? This is exciting! This is how the worst Reddit threads begin - asking people to share their casual biases and bigotry in what everyone thinks is a tiny thread. But then it explodes and internet slapfights begin.
Depends. Some places may still allow you to use open spaces in between studs as a 'duct.' It was the norm for decades.
I'm a mechanical engineer and I struggle with the physics of supersonic flight. No joke: my fluid dynamics final exam question about the compressibility or whateverthefuck about fluids approaching supersonic speeds was the saddest bullshit I've ever committed to paper. I think I drew the all seeing eye at one point.
Wrong. You're low on washer fluid.
Don't trust JWT. He's an alt-right apologist and talks with authority about things he doesn't actually understand very well.
It's not that simple. Younger generations are putting off major life events until much later. It will have long-term impacts on our economy and society.
I hate to inject US politics into this, but Trump has weakened our ability to intervene internationally. China is emboldened to act against its neighbors because the US no longer gives a damn. The only thing we 'care' about is Trump's idea of fair trade. Human rights no longer matter to our foreign policy. China is going to consolidate lots of power in their region because of Trump.
Anything from Trump himself?
Traditionally, the US stood up for human rights and democracy around the globe. We don't always invade because most of our influence in these areas is through soft power. However, Trump seems to prefer authoritarians and hasn't bothered with human rights or concerns about democracy in his foreign policy. It seems like the US is retreating from promoting our core values under Trump.
Yes. He is the President of the United States and his administration controls foreign policy.
Then you've never looked. https://phys.org/news/2018-02-millennials-life-milestones-age.html https://www.visioncritical.com/blog/millennial-infographics http://www.genfkd.org/millennial-milestones-like-no https://www.forbes.com/sites/bridgetbrennan/2017/06/30/a-millennial-life-stage-reality-check-for-marketers/#639a36506c72 All that from a single google search.
Did you miss the part about soft power being the primary tool? This has nothing to do with hot wars. I'm talking about having human rights and democracy as goals in our foreign policy. Trump has abandoned those.
Why? Hate him or not, what he says in response to this issue is important to foreign policy.
You got that response from me because you've only written one-line zingers as if that qualifies as adult conversation. You're acting like a kid. Maybe that's why other Redditors also treat you that way.
The very first link I sent you is titled: &gt; Millennials hope to reach life milestones by the same age as other generations, study says You haven't 'seen any proof' yet because you're actively avoiding it.
TBF, you picked worst possible subreddits to have a conversation. Those communities are intentional echo chambers, and most people aren't like that.
Dude, it's from your quote: &amp;#x200B; [https://www.reddit.com/r/centrist/comments/bzf1th/christina\_hoff\_sommers\_defends\_capitalism\_against/eqwcstp?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/centrist/comments/bzf1th/christina_hoff_sommers_defends_capitalism_against/eqwcstp?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x) &amp;#x200B; You quoted an article which linked to a study. That study directly contradicted what you said. What planet are you on right now?
My boss is in London and we talk several times per week. Start using video on your Skype calls and ask to share screens with each other when discussing something. &amp;#x200B; Avoid audio-only calls.
This makes no sense to me when choppers and hot rods are road legal, but are basically just deathtraps hand built by amateurs.
I miss the '67 as well.
Build a relationship with them and don't treat them like a service department that comes on call. You probably don't think of them that way, but it's easy to inadvertently treat people that way. &amp;#x200B; Ask if you can shadow some preventative maintenance rounds, or watch them tear something apart to fix it. You'll learn A LOT more than you realize, which will help you be a better engineer, but just as importantly, you will build a good working relationship with them and probably earn their respect. This really helps, because the technicians and maintenance guys can be extremely helpful if they like you.
You have difficulty applying your common sense to instructions, don't you?
Almost all cars have cruise control these days, yet NO ONE FUCKING USES IT GODDAMMIT YOU ASSHOLES. &amp;#x200B; I have strong opinions about cruise control use. As in, fucking use it.
That super sucks. I use it constantly, even on short highway spurts. Driving is less tiring when you let your legs relax and you don't have to worry about your speed. Sit in the right or middle lane and just chill out.
It's a 1960s vehicle.
Well yeah, that's a volvo... &amp;#x200B; But it's still a 1960s body on frame with no crumple zones, right?
Well, for this car in particular: it's a high-powered, rear-wheel-drive, skinny-tired 1960s vehicle. &amp;#x200B; Super fun, but don't crash it.
Older cars had more metal, but in the wrong places. Body panels weren't structural and didn't help in an accident. They were mostly dangerous as they bent in unpredictable ways (and Corvettes are fiberglass, btw). &amp;#x200B; New cars are lighter, but use far superior materials, and every part of the body does something useful in a collision. The window frames have high-strength steel to maintain shape, fenders have crumple zones, the firewall and engine mounts work together to direct the engine under the car instead of into the passenger compartment, etc. etc. &amp;#x200B; Old cars are heavier, but are just solid tin cans for you to rattle around in, and sometimes collapse or send jagged metal at you in the process.
Ah, an early unibody then. I mean yeah, it's pretty advanced for it's day, that's for sure. Volvo's have always been excellent for safety. But it's not 50-years advanced. It's not going to be as good as a modern car, and especially not a modern Volvo. :)
Consequences doesn't just mean being punched. Consequences means any reaction to your speech, including ignoring you, counter-protesting, disinviting you to events, cancelling contracts, deals or offers with you, or publicly calling you an asshole, racist, etc., etc., etc., &amp;#x200B; The problem with today's 'free-speech' crowd is that they want to say whatever they want, whenever they want, wherever they want but force \*everyone else\* to listen to them and not respond. That's not free speech; that's denying someone else's liberty. That's dictatorial and 100% un-American.
And the left are called Nazi's because they don't want to listen. There's a right to free speech, but not a right to be heard.
No, there's no american tradition of listening to someone just because they are speaking. The KKK marches have always been protested, for instance. Being ignored or drowned out is not a denial of your rights, and not un-American. &amp;#x200B; BTW, you told me to stop talking to you a few weeks ago. Does responding to my comment here mean that you've changed your mind on that?
Speakers in Congress are elected to go there and speak, courtroom speech is only by those invited to speak and overseen by a judge, televised debates are offered by television networks and moderated (and no one is forced to watch them), the ancient greeks debated in the forum - a place meant for debate where onlookers had the liberty to come and go. All of those are controlled venues, where experts or witnesses are invited to speak under supervision. That is not at all the same thing as putting up a table on a street corner and demanding people pay attention to you.
The public has access to these things, but the public is not required the watch them. There is no tradition where you're required to pay attention to these things. &amp;#x200B; The same goes for a random conservative speaker - no one is required to listen to them, but they have every right to ignore them, counter-protest, or drown them out. The US revolution began with mass protests, so I don't know where you think the tradition of listening quietly to whatever people want to say comes from. As far as I can tell, it never existed.
We're talking about two different things. A conservative speaker on a stage talking to an audience is not a debate. The audience is not required to listen or even show up. They're not required to be silent or to hide their reaction to the speaker. They can avoid the event and protest outside to their heart's content. &amp;#x200B; In a debate, yes, you need to rebut with a counter-argument, but the vast majority of these "deplatforming" events that you're talking about are not debates - they are speaking engagements. They are entirely different from courtrooms, or televised debates because unlike those things, there is a speaker and an audience. Often there is zero debate at all, just a speaker saying whatever he or she wants, and the audience decides they don't care for what the person has to say. There's no American tradition that forces people to be a passive audience.
in 2012 I rented a car from Dan Dooley's Dublin Depot. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.dan-dooley.ie/car-rental-hire-dublin-airport.htm](https://www.dan-dooley.ie/car-rental-hire-dublin-airport.htm) &amp;#x200B; Seems they toned down the branding a bit.
Yeah, looks like they've jumped from 80s into paying homage to 90s classics. I like that.
It's best to have consistency in your foreign policy. Say what you'll do, and do what you say. Haphazard actions and rampant brinksmanship will eventually be put to the test by foreign powers sick of being jerked around, which is exactly that's happening now.
Solar panels generally extend the life of a roof and shade the structure if installed properly. It's usually easier to install them when you are redoing the roof anyway because they can be better incorporated into the structure and weatherproofing. A retrofit on an existing roof has a higher chance of causing leaks or other issues.
This is TopMinds material.
hawt.
[Inspiration from nature.](https://external-preview.redd.it/WPDGPhdiK58C3iXRNE6bQ_0sOd7wLAbozNm8wPMqerA.gif?format=mp4&amp;s=d531faefd05caac3bc2a77418fe2593d4b2a6a1c)
And they return to the beach where they were hatched to lay their own. Tanks have amazing memory.
Was that the first year of the 305? Or did you get the fireball 6? My brother had a '78, brown coupe with white vinyl top. I still think it's one of the coolest muscle cars because of his. Good luck on your project, man; it's a good one.
My pet theory is that out of towners move to the neighborhoods they've heard of before, then word spreads to more out of towners, and then they keep growing. &amp;#x200B; Meanwhile, some really great neighborhoods elsewhere are completely unknown to this demographic, and I prefer it that way. I really don't jive with the keeping-up-with-the-jones's, image-over-substance culture of the booming north side neighborhoods. Sure, they're more educated and wealthier according to the numbers, but they feel devoid of....emotional depth, I guess? It's hard to describe, but it feels like living inside a social media feed. They're bubbles almost separate from the rest of the city.
It means most public schools are failing and lower-income people flee to the collar suburbs. The concentration of wealth (there therefor city resources) on these few neighborhoods is starving the rest of the city. Which is how a boom in one area leads to the overall population falling.
You'd think that, but when you visit those neighborhoods you see nothing by white people and the same stores and trendy apartment buildings repeated on every block for miles. I'm white myself, but these places look way more homogeneous than anywhere else I've seen in the city. It's basically the suburbs transplanted into the north side.
I lived there for 2 years and loved it. I miss that neighborhood. We were just behind Bridgeport Coffee.
I completely disagree with you when it comes to the public school system. The magnet high schools have created huge wealth inequality across the city. Resources are not spread evenly whatsoever.
Are we only talking about people who bury their passports before crossing? Is talk of anyone else not allowed? &amp;#x200B; I ask because your wording is leading and it seems that your mind is made up. This isn't an open question as much as an opportunity for you to rant, no?
She sounds like a moron with asshole icing.
No, that's not how it works. Anyone who claims asylum, identified or not, is granted an asylum hearing before being deported. &amp;#x200B; You don't seem to know the basic facts about the topics you argue on this sub. Every time I come across you on this sub, it ends up being a basics lesson, yet you seem to be more and more leading in your questions and less open to genuine discussion.
This.
I'm not trying to censor you, I was stating my prior experiences with you. You and I have had extremely long conversations, but over time your posts have gotten more leading with biases written into the questions themselves, and your comments have become shorter, less thoughtful and more antagonistic. &amp;#x200B; I once thought you were asking about these topics with genuine interest to learn, but you seem to be hardening your views, and they aren't what I would describe as centrist.
I never called you a fascist. We've spoken several times since the conversation about fascism, but it doesn't seem like you remember that. A few weeks ago you asked me to stop talking to you, which I honored, yet you responded to one of my comments a few days ago. I asked if it was OK to speak with you again, but you didn't reply to that question. You ignored it and kept talking about the subject at hand. I assumed that meant you're OK with me, but I guess not. This is why you confuse me. I try to have open conversations with you, but you've accused me of harassing you, asked me to stop talking to you, then pursued me for conversations and called me a harasser. And when we do talk, I try to understand your point and respond with my own opinions and understanding of the situation, but often your assertions about a topic fly in the face of the basic facts of the situation, such as asylum seekers not being deported immediately when identified. But when I try to bring factual information into the conversation, you get defensive and talk about how aggressive I am. To be honest, I have no idea how to have a positive interaction with you, even when you begin the interaction. I've never purposely insulted you, called you names, or implied that you're unintelligent. All I've done is point out facts that contradict your opinions, and even worded it in a neutral manner because I'd rather have a discussion than a 1-up contest. I've never attacked your identity, just expressed dismay at how difficult it is to have a respectful conversation with you. Yet you keep saying that I"m aggressive.
You say so on the internet.
Honestly, the real problem is the surge in migrants since 2016. I believe most of that surge, if not all, has come from Trump's hardline language against immigration. People who hope to come here one day are now trying to get in ASAP before the border closes completely. And the punitive tactics, like taking away their children, don't seem to make a lick of difference. Hence, a giant surge. &amp;#x200B; So the solution starts with the President (whoever that is), publicly announcing that the US is a nation of immigrants, the border will never be closed, and we welcome people of the world. The emphasis should be put on the fact that there is no rush to come here, and that it would be better not to come right now as the US deals with the problem. Basically, tell people to slow down based on the promise that they will have a chance in the future. Then, give more economic aid to the countries of origin and work to fix the geopolitics of the western hemisphere. The US has the money to fix this problem at the source (nevermind we contributed to the problem with our Cold War policies), and it only helps ourselves to do so. &amp;#x200B; Then, fund the fucking detention centers, reunite children with their parents, put more judges in place to handle cases and, if I'm honest, let in more people. Our immigration requirements are way too strict, forcing people to seek out illegal methods or unnecessarily claiming asylum. We need their labor anyway, so we're just lying to ourselves when we talk about immigrants being a problem. Without immigration, we lack skilled labor in a number of industries (like home construction, for instance. Notice the sudden housing shortage being talked about in politics???), our population stops growing, and our economy suffers. &amp;#x200B; I hate talking about immigrants as just numbers or in terms of economic output, but that seems to be the only thing about them that matters. But these are real people who deserve just as much opportunity as anyone else, whether that be in the US or in their home countries.
A local supplier is going out of business and even though I've had samples for inspection from new suppliers in our building for 8 months, they were only inspected 2 weeks ago. And rejected. &amp;#x200B; Our QA department is so overwhelmed that we make small problems into big ones. Now we're line-down for a couple of products, and I'm trying to use a local job-shop for immediate production. I could have taught new suppliers to make the parts over a period of months and guaranteed good stuff would come in. Now I'm doing a last-ditch effort to get SOMETHING in the door that is guaranteed to be shit. And I'll get yelled at again. &amp;#x200B; Stupid.
Watch "How to SUPER CLEAN your Engine Bay" on YouTube https://youtu.be/PRSoRkM8GcM 11:05 and 17:20 has some tips on the hood liner, but the whole video is worth a watch. I enjoy all of his detailing videos.
You don't need to honor the ideas you had at 16. You can grow up and change your mind sometimes. That's good advice for anything in life.
Did he ever drive one in a movie? I don't know all of the Bond films.
Now change your name from Kitty to Karen.
My cousin moved up there this year because he's a loner that never held a job. He's fit and a former Marine, and I know he's still alive, so maybe he's making it work. Still, I have no idea where he lives up there, just that he calls his dad every few months.
I try but I'm not that experienced with online racing and struggle to keep other cars in mind while also driving at the edge. I'm getting better, but still lots to go.
My dog loves EVERYONE. He grew up in a school dorm and is the most social animal I've ever met. But the handful of times when he senses someone isn't quite right he's gone full growl and bark in a very fierce display. They take their cues from their owners, and definitely respond accordingly.
I mean yeah, people have just picked camps and stuck with them. I'm anti-Trump to the core, but I admit that he has avoided wars with utter determination. My criticism of him is that his foreign policies are so awful that he increases the chances of war dramatically even while trying to avoid one. Maybe he finally fucked up and kicked one off, and maybe we'll very luckily avoid war somehow. There's really no way to predict because he's utter chaos.
I KNEW there was a group text! Me and the Irish still have pagers.
EXTREME EQUALITY! &amp;#x200B; Maybe?
Yes, it's going that way. We have 'actor' and 'actress' and it's now trending toward just calling everyone an 'actor.' I'm not sure what the endgame is going to be, but a linguistics professor I know believes all of our personal pronouns will become 'they, them, their' because we're lazy with language and that's just the simplest solution to questions about gender pronouns. But that's just one (admittedly educated) opinion on the matter.
OMG yes, horrifying. Thank god they don't let foreigners drive, or at least don't encourage it. I just looked at my phone the whole time.
I dated a Filipina girl in High School. She was normal as fuck.
What a great way to spend his time. He must be a totally normal person.
They think that rewriting the rules of society magically flips their social rank. Sorry guys, you'll still be the bottom of whatever garbage you dream up.
For real? There was a lot of discussion generated by this post.
Yeah, I didn't expect this. I live in Chicago and noticed something happening in my neighborhood. But fuck me, right?
I understand these are different planes, but I don't know what the differences are. Is there a link to explain?
Honestly, I wish they had more normal car races in GT. I want them to go back to an emphasis on tuning normal cars. It's more interesting to track normal cars and see what they can do than purpose-built racecars. I already know those are fast. But it's not like I'm against more race cars either, just a different preference.
I love doing that. It's so much fun to take some crazy grandma car, or even a fun daily like a GTI or Camaro and turn it into a track monster.
The new GT drives great. No idea where you're coming from.
2012?
I just read this from top to bottom and holy cow that was a roller coaster. Sorry it didn't work out. My advice for this situation would have been to think of it as temporary anyway; no more than a year. Take the job to get supervisor experience on your resume, but don't expect anything close to success in the position. These guys will clearly sabotage any boss put over them, and especially you since you were once closer to their peer and already treat you like dirt. You would need to be very specific about what you want and get in and out quickly. Get the experience and bail on the position before they can force a screw up that tarnishes your career. Since you're a young woman, this sort of thing may happen again your career (sorry), so hopefully my advice is still helpful. My closest friend at work is a very ambitious woman who is my age. We hold the same title and she's honestly better at the job than I am, but I get the inside scoop on her career because we're friends, and she has to work much harder than I do. She was recently given a team to manage but wasn't set up for success, and it came back to bite her. There were a lot of reasons it didn't work out beyond her control, but now she's been told she's no longer seen as having leadership potential in our division. It super sucks.
All of the main political subs are total garbage, TBH. Actually all main subs are. And the small ones, too. Reddit should just be burned to the ground.
Similar, but I'll need to modify it a bit. I'd have a beer on the train to work, both to cut the hangover and get one out of the way. Then it's pounding three on the way home. Pee. 3 more as I 'cook' dinner. Then the remaining 5 as I 'walk' the dog. I would pick the lightest, least alcoholic beer for this. But I can tell it would still be a struggle. Sheesh.
Rent control massively distorts housing markets and undermines incentives for people to move and for developers to build, and then on local governments ability to raise property taxes over time (even to keep up with inflation). On a large scale, it would worsen the housing shortage, and it only benefits people who are currently living on their own. Millennials have the opposite problem - affordable housing they can \*move in to\*. If they're living at home, they already have rent control. Bernie has a great heart and it's in the right place, but his economic ideas are downright awful. His policies would in fact harm the economy to the point of reducing the overall standard of living for the entire country. A better policy would be to massively discourage local building restrictions. Places that refuse to increase housing to accommodate demand are just as harmful to the economy. It's not noticeable at a national level because it's not implemented in most places. The solution is to allow development and increase the housing stock to meet demand. That's how you drive down prices and give everyone the chance to live somewhere and afford it. Distorting the market with a financial disincentive like national rent control is one of the worst ideas. If you're concerned about environmental impacts, then require developers to perform environmental impact assessments and incorporate various methods of offsets like green spaces, carbon offsets, etc. etc. It'll make the housing more expensive, sure, but it won't totally distort the market the way national rent control would. Oh, also, we should let the builders who are overwhelmingly immigrants back into the country. Even if on a temporary work status. That's a 'No Duh' moment.
Your daughter doesn't have issues with attention span. That's for sure.
Focalin is the best for me, too. I tried Adderall in college and it made me a zombie. A different med gave me the most bonkers allergic reaction I've ever had. But Focalin has been great. All the benefits with almost zero side effects. I'm glad it's working out for you. Make sure you're checking in with your doctor monthly at first, and allow each day to be a different experience for a while. It takes some time to get used to the meds and then experimenting with doses if needed. I played with mine for about a year at different doses for a few months to try things out before I settled.
Those shows are entirely fake. 1. The buyer already owns one of the houses. 2. The jobs are made up (usually the couple inherited money on the episodes with bigger homes) 3. They make up stoopid reasons not to buy the two fake choices. "OMG that light bulb is burned out!" or "How can my indy emo band ever make it big if I don't have a dedicated chapel to hold practice?!?" I watched one with a recent college grad that was great though. He clearly liked one of the choices more than the home he actually bought. He played it off well enough, but you could tell during the walkthrough. His 'post-purchase' interview was him saying, 'you just give them all of your money and you get a place. It's rad.' He was a cool dude.
Rest days? I'm on 10mg/day every day and never have a problem.
Risky to people with nut allergies. If you're careful about it, it's fine. But all too often these cutting boards are passed down or forgotten what they're made of, or used by people who can't recognize wood species. So the risk is there, especially when the makers don't know themselves and don't tell the recipients to watch out for it.
Use other woods.
Oh gotcha, thanks!
Up to you, really. I'm not a cutting board expert, but it was the advice given in the woodworking class I took. Also, purple heart wood or whatever also changes color after a while, so it's also a sub-optimal choice. but if you want to find out more, start here: [https://www.woodmagazine.com/search?search\_api\_views\_fulltext=cutting+board](https://www.woodmagazine.com/search?search_api_views_fulltext=cutting+board)
Nope. Literally just a woodworking class I took, and there are no online materials. The guy was a woodworker for 30 years. Maybe it's a BS old wife's tale, but it's not an uncommon opinion.
She's not using labor theory, she's just saying workers are paid too little. I think you've extrapolated her argument into something it's not.
There's more cobalt than lithium in a lithium ion battery by weight, and nearly all cobalt comes from the Congo and have horrible human rights problems. Batteries are extremely dirty, but they're all the rage so no one is talking about it. But the next generation of environmentalists will be fighting batteries the way today's fight fossil fuels and nuclear.
I had an MKZ loaner do this while my car was in for a recall. Parts were going to take a full month but magically my car was finished in three days when I called the service manager and played him the loaner screaming over the phone.
She's not naive, she's making it into news so that the electorate will notice. This is how campaigning works.
He's the only one I'm counting on to be somewhat close to impartial. He knows the reputation of the supreme court is on the line during this Administration and will be seen as a sham if he rules in Trump's favor on ridiculous circumstances.
It depends on what you call dirty. Yes, renewables and battery storage are better than current coal and nuclear solutions, but that doesn't mean that the next generation of environmentalists won't demand better. If they didn't fight new technologies, they would have stopped complaining when the world switched away from whale oil. Environmentalists fighting them is a given. As for being completely useful, ubiquitous and that you can recycle every part of it - sure, they're better than existing tech. But that doesn't make them perfect. There's no such thing as a guilt-free energy technology. Absolutely everything has downsides. The question just becomes whether the technology on the whole is better than the alternatives, which it is. But that doesn't make it free of any impact.
&gt;I don't know what's the origin of your disdain for people who want a healthy planet, I don't disdain them at all. I think it's good that they are never satisfied and keep pressing for improvement. That's a good thing. It's also why I expect them to target lithium ion batteries in the next few decades. I'm just extrapolating an existing pattern. Assuming they won't eventually target today's emerging technologies is the silly position, IMO. \&gt; No one thinks that, no one says that, we unfortunately don't have the ability to conjure matter out of thin air, and yes ...those pesky environmentalists know that, too. The thing is that we can't wait for a perfect solution that is just 20 years away (cold fusion comes to mind), we need to change our way of living now. You just said 'that' in your response to me above, look: \&gt; Which is bollocks, since you can recycle almost every bit of material in a battery, which is finally starting to make sense economically (since the uptake in usage by EV's and as big battery storage). I don't know if you intended this, but your comment reads as offended or angry with me. I'm not attacking anyone here, least of all you. My original post said two things: 1. batteries have negative human rights and environmental impacts. 2. environmentalists will likely target them as the next technology to be replaced by something better. If I were to put a date on that, I'd say as early as next year and as late as 2030 or so as renewables and electric cars become much more widely adopted. So basically this upcoming decade we'll see public perception of batteries shift a bit. I purchase batteries for power tools as part of my job, and for ten years I worked as an energy efficiency engineer in manufacturing. I have knowledge of both things I talked about and am presenting my opinion. It's not meant to be an attack on anyone or anything, just to say that batteries aren't perfect.
What game?
Same for manufacturing. "why is it raining inside?" Night shift supervisor: "Well, ya see..."
Wow. Well at least it was cheap. Parts should be cheap. Gas will be cheap. But you'll still somehow blow you're budget 2X over. But hey, you'll have fun.
I would overpay a bit for a clean example of a car I really want. If I really want it, it's worth slightly more to me than the 'market' value.' Except from a dealership. Fuck those guys and their tricks. I negotiate like a dick.
I'm not a fan of plastic shower surrounds, but that one is nice enough to make me think twice. Wow. And everything else is an uncontested, massive improvement. Well done.
Why does it still have windows?
The problem is that this is a false dichotemy in practice. The problem is that people with merit are often overlooked because of various reasons. Seeking diverse applicants removes a lot of the barriers that keep them off the radar in the first place. The other problem is many organizations implement diversity hiring practices in enormously stupid ways, making this look like a tradeoff instead of a benefit. Also, diversity in itself is a merit, because teams of diverse perspectives and experience (not diverse looks or ethnicities, though that is highly correlated with diverse perspectives and experience) outperform teams of very similar people. I'm certain to be berated for this comment, but I'll engage with anyone who wants to know more about what I've said, so long as I have time.
Instead of chemistry, do chemical engineering. Chemical engineers are just as desirable for energy efficiency and sustainability jobs as mechanical engineers but you still get to do chemical stuff. That's a better compliment to environmental science. Your current combo leaves a pretty wide gap between the two majors. Chemical engineering and environmental science will connect together much better.
And it's incredibly loud downtown as the noise reverberates between the buildings. The sound comes from everywhere.
Actually, not true. It's not about how many 'smart' people you have on the team, just that you have different people on the team. Diversity really does lead to better performance. https://hbr.org/2016/11/why-diverse-teams-are-smarter &gt; Diverse teams are more likely to constantly reexamine facts and remain objective. They may also encourage greater scrutiny of each member’s actions, keeping their joint cognitive resources sharp and vigilant. By breaking up workplace homogeneity, you can allow your employees to become more aware of their own potential biases — entrenched ways of thinking that can otherwise blind them to key information and even lead them to make errors in decision-making processes. A team drawn from 100 similar people will lag behind a team drawn from 100 diverse people, even if the selection methods are the same. It's pretty crazy.
"The only people qualified to speak about this topic are the ones who are just like me. So, there."
I'm not the biggest fan of the new car, but I'll admit that either this is a shitty angle or a shitty image resize, because there's no way the car looks this bad irl.
So you think they should be forced to serve all clients requesting their services, and this somehow \*doesn't\* violate GS rights?
I used to shoot paintballs at the coyotes when they came after my dogs because I specifically didn't want to hurt them. I can't believe some people willingly hurt animals for their own amusement.
I disagree. How is it different from a company that targets a niche customer? This is just serving target customers. And to be honest, there's data to show that it will be more profitable for GS in the long run: \&gt; A 2015 McKinsey [report](http://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/organization/our-insights/why-diversity-matters) on 366 public companies found that those in the top quartile for ethnic and racial diversity in management were 35% more likely to have financial returns above their industry mean, and those in the top quartile for gender diversity were 15% more likely to have returns above the industry mean. [https://hbr.org/2016/11/why-diverse-teams-are-smarter](https://hbr.org/2016/11/why-diverse-teams-are-smarter) So maybe GS is just targeting better performing customers and it has nothing to do with morals or justice.
How bad does your day get when you accidentally bump the plane with the scissor lift?
&gt;I will choose the ability to work well together and dependability over superiority every time. This is actually part of the problem. "Fit" is one of the most common reasons given for not hiring qualified candidates of color. Since company cultures are often created by mostly white employees, then 'fit' becomes a potential issue for anyone non-white. That's not to say you're biased in any way, or at least not any more than the average person. It's just one of those things people don't realize they're doing, and tbh, everyone does it to some degree.
Your last sentence is the exact point that I made in my first post. You're just failing to recognize that it only happens when you upend traditional hiring practices that created the problem in the first place. You can reject the studies all you want, but it doesn't invalidate the findings. You actually agree with them already, you just disagree with the attempted solutions, which is a different discussion. I never defended hiring practices that aimed for quotas.
That was my reasoning. If my dogs are in danger, there's very few quick, non-harmful tools to intervene. A paintball gun was the most humane option. If it came down to it, I would kill a coyote to save my dog any day, but if a paintball that does little to no damage works just as well, it's clearly the better option. I don't want to hurt anything, but I'd prefer coyotes learned that approaching my dog's means a green butt.
Never tried it, and wouldn't want to get my dogs in the process.
Nothing you said here applies to me, sorry.
No, of course not. Honestly, I'm not sure the policy is morally right or defensible, as it would be illegal to do if you substitute in any other group. So it makes me curious how GS is justifying it in order not to have their asses sued out of existence. So from that angle alone it's interesting. But the performance of diverse teams has lots of data to back it up. That's not controversial.
I tuned in right at 9pm CST and got to hear this closing. It was very, very good.
He was summarizing the evidence presented throughout the day. He wasn't trying to add anything new, just drive home the argument.
Her idea was a student strike for climate, which is working pretty well IMO.
He's trying to mock her idea (even though it's not her idea) by discrediting her. It's a slimy move by a slimy person. If he's so confident she's wrong, why won't he say why? She's just an uneducated teenager after all, and should be no match for his economic prowess, right?
Go home beaver, you're drunk.
Which is heartbreaking, really. The people coming working these plants come in to the city for a better life and certainly don't expect this to be the outcome. I've toured several Chinese production plants. The workers generally speaking are far from home and live in company barracks. Even if workers aren't at work, they're still very close when disasters happen. It's tragic.
Your second paragraph is completely false.
Second this. Probably the most accessible and best book for learning the fundamentals.
Having a common purpose is not the same as having a homogeneous population. The argument is that a diverse group of people trying to achieve a common purpose leads to better results. You're combining two completely different parts of the equation. People can have a common purpose and yet be different from each other. People do not need to be exact copies of each other in order to have a common purpose.
They are trying to cater to the left until one of them wins the nomination, then that person will pivot to the center. That's how a campaign works. They're competing for the base right now. Judging them by any other standard is premature until a clear winner emerges.
Because 'morality' has no interest in prevention. It's far more satisfying to condemn after the fact.
&gt;The far left is downright dangerous. What do you mean by this? Dangerous to personal safety, or something else?
I think values is too vague for me to even know what you're talking about, let alone argue against it. If I try, you'll redefine what it means on the fly. We've already moved the goal posts from diverse perspectives and experiences to talking about values, which is something I don't really have an opinion on. Values can be as specific as your local church congregation, or as broad as western society, so it's a bit pointless to get into. If you want to qualify that more, we can keep talking, but otherwise I'm out.
I'd love to see a movement where all of the rulings of Trump appointees are simply ignored. Every appointment stolen from Obama is illegitimate IMO, and their rulings have zero legal authority. But that'll never happen, and our system will continue to be destroyed by a GOP that is hostile to our constitution and country.
That's an interesting observation. I'm now questioning whether I have one. I've never really thought about it before. I grew up atheist because I had zero religious training as a kid. I never had an opinion one way or another about religion aside from the idea that everyone should leave each other the hell alone. And that's how I've approached my own meditation - a solitary path toward improvement. I've recommended it as a tool to people who have asked me for help a few times, but I enjoy it simply because it helps me be a better me. Meditation will never 'cure' my flaws, it just allows me to peacefully exist with them. From that perspective, I'm not superior to others, I'm just being my best self. I think the idea of a spiritual ego is something I can't quite picture?
I'm pro-union and have union family members, but pro-union politicians simply sold us out. It's one thing to concede at the negotiating table in order to compromise, but when you give away something that is simply financially unsustainable with no intention of it ever working, you're just selling out your constituents and children. Writing pension protections into the Illinois constitution, or agreeing to pension returns that no realistic investment portfolio could ever support, and then worst of all: deferring state pension contributions to the next year - for 20 years in a row - is the height of political irresponsibility. I want to go back to 1992 and kick everyone in the Illinois legislature right in the nuts.
My timeline is pretty much exactly yours. But think back to Bush II again and realize that the neocon warhawks are actually \*the worst\* group of people at actually waging war. They are AWFUL at it, despite being the most outspoken fans of blowing up as many countries as possible. They had no idea what they were doing in Afganistan and Iraq. Not a single clue. This group or warmongers turned out to be the most incompetent bunch of shit faucets as soon as the bombs started to drop. Compare that to pretty much any other limited engagement we had between Reagan and Trump, which were all small battles that served narrow purposes, or where only small numbers of troops were committed in order to defend an ally. Now consider that this group is at it again with Iran. These same neocon dumbfucks who can't figure out how to win at their favorite game want to invade Iran - a country that is far more dangerous then Iraq or Afganistan. Yet they think it'll be a cake walk. So frustrating.
I'm blaming politicians in my post, not unions. But I do need to point out that unions should have known better as well. It's one thing to make large demands at the negotiating table, but it's a very different thing to win them. They should have immediately realized that even though they got everything they wanted, that they had set up the state and local pension systems for fiscal disaster. It's the height of cynical behavior: "I got mine, screw everyone else."
It's a small community and hard to break into unless you know someone or know something about the industry. I suggest you take a look at this list and find the Texas based companies: [https://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2019/11/f68/doe\_ql.pdf](https://www.energy.gov/sites/prod/files/2019/11/f68/doe_ql.pdf) From there, do two things: 1. Apply to those with open job postings that you potentially qualify for. Expect a possible step down in title because you don't have direct experience in the field. 2. Contact the ESCO's that don't have open positions but ask if you can set up a 30 minute phone or in-person informational interview with someone, either an engineer or manager. For the informational interviews, you're trying to find out what's happening in Texas. You need to know who the major companies are, what projects are planned and currently underway, what the trends are for various industries, etc. Lots of renewable energy is market driven, so you need to know what customers or industries are currently building projects. On top of this, ask for general advice from these people about how to get into the industry. Lots of people will happily give advice to someone interested in their profession, and you should take advantage. The worst thing that will happen is building up a network of potential contacts in a field you want to work in. Not too terrible, huh?
Pretty much. When things go too far in one direction, the other groups come out to correct it. But don't let this fool you into thinking the status quo is how things should be. The disruption and tension is what leads to progress.
I'm not interested in a philosophical debate about what constitutes values and to what degree they are important for team performance. You've gone so far away from the original topic that there is no hope in resolving this. Diverse teams outperform non diverse teams. There are numerous articles and case studies that show this effect. Unless you can find evidence that back up your claims that common values are more important for team performance, or more importantly, that having common values is mutually exclusive with diverse perspectives (which is your entire argument here), then you're just expanding the scope of this discussion to the point that everything is open for debate and therefore essentially meaningless. Maybe you call that a win, but it's a pointless discussion to have since it will lead us nowhere. I've presented evidence, and instead of refuting that evidence, you're questioning the nature of human values with arguments you've pulled from you butt. So forgive me, but I'm not going to follow you on this journey to nowhere.
Taking the high road screwed the democrats out of power completely. Obama essentially allowed judicial appointments to be stolen and the McConnell to cover up the ongoing election interference throughout 2016. So while it's nice to say Dems should have taken the high road, it's actually bullshit that keeps them from actually winning elections. And I'm sad to see that you're holding Dems to a totally different standard than Republicans. Republicans held the country hostage for 6 years, stole judicial appointments, and now have a tyrant in the white house, but you're going to punish Democrats for 1 year of fighting back? For real?
Isn't testimony evidence? I think a lot of people are falling for the CSI effect, where we're expecting a handwritten note in black sharpie explicitly demanding a quid pro quo reflected in sunglasses or something, but that's just not the case in 99% of the trials in this country. Evidence is always imperfect, circumstantial, or based on sworn testimony. It why our legal system is designed the way it is - perfect evidence almost never exists.
Has anything presented suggested to you that there should be more witnesses or evidence requested by the senate during the trial?
So there isn't enough evidence now, the GOP has prevented any additional evidence from being gathered, but the lack of evidence is your criteria to say this is bunk? It doesn't matter how well you know people, that logic doesn't hold up.
Technical problems can be solved, and usually are with a linear application of effort. People keep creating the same problems over and over again.
The soviet solution to problems was to bury them in concrete. The bigger the problem, the more concrete. Chernobyl is a great example. Concrete was their first idea, and with some tweaking became the permanent one after the physicists stopped the reaction.
Counter examples are Britain and the US in the first and second industrial revolutions. Nothing compares to the productivity and standard of living improvements that capitalist countries achieved during these periods. The only reason that socialist countries achieved their own growth was by copying the innovations of capitalist countries, often decades later.
Pretty much. Any economic system does damage unless there are environmental protections imposed.
Growth in wealthy countries is based on infinite innovation - i.e., doing more with the resources you have. If the amount of resources required scaled 1:1 with the growth of population, then the maintenance costs on infrastructure would reach and then surpass the GDP of the economy. This doesn't happen because we keep getting more out of the resources we have. In effect, advanced economies are getting more environmentally friendly over time because they get more efficient.
You're not wrong that the incentives are perverse - we don't need a 'break and replace' or 'one use' economic model and that is a problem. But it's also not a necessary byproduct of capitalism. Waste in communist planned economies \*IS\* a necessary byproduct of socialism. A planned economy simply does not allocate resources as efficiently, and there is far more waste and 'contrived scarcity' as a result.
I never thought Trump would be removed, that's obvious. But what more did you want the house to do, exactly? Their subpoenas were simply ignored. How else were they supposed to gather evidence?
\&gt; As part of the investigation into allegations that Trump pressured Ukraine to investigate his domestic political rivals, lawmakers deposed 17 current and former executive branch employees willing to comply with subpoenas despite orders from the White House not to. \&gt; But the Intelligence, Oversight and Foreign Affairs committees also subpoenaed 10 witnesses who declined to testify, including acting White House Chief of Staff [Mick Mulvaney](https://www.rollcall.com/members?31499&amp;utm_source=memberLink?utm_source=memberLink) and his senior adviser Robert Blair, White House and National Security Council attorney John Eisenberg and acting Office of Management and Budget director Russell Vought. Democrats also requested testimony from former national security adviser John Bolton and Energy Secretary Rick Perry but did not subpoena them. [https://www.rollcall.com/news/congress/democrats-punish-trump-obstructing-congress-top-employees](https://www.rollcall.com/news/congress/democrats-punish-trump-obstructing-congress-top-employees) EDIT: in case you dispute the source: \&gt; **Twenty former Republican lawmakers, officials and legal experts are** [**urging**](https://www.politico.com/f/?id=0000016f-1013-dca1-a9ff-76771d990000) **a federal appeals court to reject President Donald Trump’s claim that his former White House counsel, Don McGahn, can ignore a House subpoena.** [https://www.politico.com/news/2019/12/16/trump-subpoena-mcgahn-086193](https://www.politico.com/news/2019/12/16/trump-subpoena-mcgahn-086193) \&gt; The lead lawyer for the National Security Council defied a subpoena Monday to appear before House impeachment investigators, as did other White House witnesses, following President Donald Trump’s orders not to cooperate with the probe. [https://www.marketwatch.com/story/white-house-lawyer-ignores-impeachment-subpoena-2019-11-04](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/white-house-lawyer-ignores-impeachment-subpoena-2019-11-04)
Not a copy/paste, I googled that after I got your response. It felt like a c/p because it took me less than a minute to answer your question. I'm not a legal expert, but I'm surprised to hear someone say that the Democrats did everything wrong. The White House did everything possible to prevent the House from gathering information, so I don't understand what they could have done differently. I'm sure they could have called for another special prosecutor and done another 2-year investigation, but after the flop that the Meuller report turned into, that wasn't a practical option. I also believed that they didn't want this to run into the 'meat' of the campaigns on either side, so they were short on time. So given those constraints, and then complete refusal to cooperate from the WH, they did everything reasonably possible.
So the sworn testimony that said this was a quid pro quo isn't evidence? That's what I'm struggling with here. The investigation was denied evidence gathering, and what they do have - some sworn testimony, a timeline of events, etc. - is circumstantial and hearsay (though some of it is quite close to direct-source), but none of that is at all valid? So you're saying that because it was successfully covered up, we should give up and call the Dems a bunch of idiots? I'm confused.
But sworn testimony is itself fact: https://www.google.com/search?q=is+testimony+evidence&amp;rlz=1C1GCEU_enUS867US868&amp;oq=is+testimony+evidence&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l7.4927j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8 &gt; n the law, testimony is a form of evidence that is obtained from a witness who makes a solemn statement or declaration of fact. Testimony may be oral or written, and it is usually made by oath or affirmation under penalty of perjury. Again, I'm not a legal expert, but the legal definition of sworn testimony is that it in itself IS evidence. It passes the test for an admissible fact in a legal proceeding. That's why I'm doubting your arguments that zero evidence was presented. They have plenty of witness testimony, which is evidence. They wanted to get more evidence, sure, but they have a lot more than zero evidence as it is.
No. The highest productivity gains in global history was the United States between 1920 and 1970. Slavery played no role in that. Also, China is not the most technologically advanced. The last 30 years is a perfect example of them catching up by adopting existing technologies. I source products from China as my job and have studied their economy. They are efficient, but not overly innovative. Their growth has been based on adoption or stealing, and their companies are not as sophisticated as US or European companies. It's not even close. And even today, their productivity is still 1/10th that of the US. Your opinions are based on anecdotes and assumptions, not actual data or facts.
A plan is a plan only. It may not happen. China is advancing rapidly, but their growth is slowing and there still a large productivity gap with the US. In addition, the US is still more productive than countries that have been chasing parity for far longer. We're very good at innovation. Look up second industrial revolution. The bulk of progress and productivity occurred after the Civil War. If anything, slavery held productivity back because there was no incentive to optimize labor. Your argument is backward. Slavery didn't help as much as British common law did. There's a high correlation between former British colonies and wealthy nations today because of the legal system Britain installed. It prioritized property rights and led to the development of institutions that allowed growth to happen. Many third world countries today have always had the natural and human resources to grow and catch up, but many of them simply have not. In places like this, it should be as simple as investing in infrastructure and adopting the innovations of advanced countries. But even though that has been tried in dozens of emerging economies around the world, most have sputtered and stalled. It's this missing third requirement: institutions. That makes the difference and Britain setup the right kinds of institutions to allow for growth for hundreds of years. Other western colonial powers simply set up resource extraction laws that did nothing to develop the colonies themselves, just plunder. China is growing because it had the ingredients, and then imposed the right institutions are the right time to allow for massive growth. They were a taught rubber band ready to snap forward and catch up on decades of lost progress. But why were they held back for so long? Communism. It's no coincidence that when China privatized large portions of its state owned companies in 1998 that they snapped forward with double digit annual growth for nearly twenty years. Capitalism gave them the growth they had been waiting for but kept from by an enefficient economic system. Call that anecdotes if you want, but it's true.
I listened to Sondland during his testimony. I don't watch TV news at all. I get most of my news from NPR and NYT. I disagreed with you, but I've been respectful and polite this entire thread, and you're not at all. You've said that the testimony isn't evidence and that the testimony given doesn't point to material evidence. I've found sources that say testimony is evidence and that the testimony refers to material evidence. Every time you've made a claim, I've found a source that directly refutes what you've said. All you've done is double down on insults. I don't think you know what you're talking about at all. Maybe you're used to getting your way by being the loudest and insistent, even when wrong? But if you can't deal with someone researching your claims without becoming a condescending kerk, that's your problem, not mine.
I'm sure the worst part is trying to reach the drive thru window.
Let's just ignore that this coincides with most states opening again so that it suits our narrative.
What media is conflating the two? Network news near me is very clear about the difference.
Dude, gotta show off your CD's with a kickass visor organizer. Now that was cool.
You can now recreate all of those CDs in Spotify tho. F those guys.
They're commonly used in Asia against the sun as well. We bought a super nice UV umbrella in China.
It's not a left problem. I've been banned from every mainstream right leaning subreddit just for posting there. But the targeted advertisements are the bigger problem. Facebook wants you to click, so it offers you narrower and narrower news articles tailored to your preconceived ideas to generate a profitable media bubble for every individual. When we stop talking to each other, Facebook wins. Don't think about the individuals, think about who profits by encouraging this behavior, and don't think that you're impervious to it.
And I've experienced it with the right more. I don't believe either is sufficient to say if one is worse than the other.
He can't roll the army through the states without their request. And the military may crush the protests, but before it does, it will make things worse, and the resentment over the action will burn so much hotter than anything we've seen so far. The message will be that cops are immune, and the military says so.
I got it from a travel mug.
Are you talking about the CD organizer or the Grand Prix? /s can't help getting in a wicked GM burn. Grand Prix's were some of their cooler cars though.
*"Awwwww HOOPER's Hooch!* *I like to look at the lemon bits,* *I also like to look at my girlfriends....um, legs"*
Are you for real right now? This is the moment for the President to speak up and unite us. Who he is doesn't matter, and what he says isn't important as long as it's generally about unity. The dude just needs to stand up on a podium and ATTEMPT to talk to all Americans in a reasonable way, and he can't do that. His best tool to stopping the riots is a call for unity and strength. His insistence on being tough and calling in the military to quash things is just adding fuel to the fire - he's fucking it all up. TIMES LIKE THESE ARE WHEN HIS JOB IS MOST IMPORTANT. If you think that he can just stay silent and shouldn't be responsible for what happens in the country, then you don't understand the presidency.
Calm the protests so the rioters have no cover. Duh. Get up on a podium, empathize with protesters, call for reform and unity, and give people a direction and purpose for their anger. Show some meaningful effort to improve the problem, and offer a few ways that normal people can contribute. Set up a working group, set up a charity fund that people can text - give them a real outlet to express themselves. If you do that, you can calm the protests, and when the protests die down, the rioting and looting stops. But adding fuel to the fire means people are more angry, there are more protests, and more opportunities for the troublemakers. This is not rocket science, bud.
He quoted an infamous line from an openly racist sheriff. Your interpretation of it is incredibly naive.
It's not about completely preventing them, that's impossible. It's about reducing them. Trump hasn't done shit.
He undid all of those things by tweeting infammatory shit immediately after and throughout. He's shooting himself in the foot. At best, no one understands what he's actually calling for. Most likely, he has no idea what to do. Worst case is that he actually wants the race war that he'll been flirting with for three years. And the evidence is that we're arguing about this at all. We all have our own ideas of what he thinks and wants because he talks out of both sides of his mouth all the time, reverses himself constantly, and the only strong messages he sends make things worse.
I don't recall the entire country experiencing simultaneous riots back then.
Did you hear or read what Obama actually said? What was, 'us against them' about any of it? He specifically called out the difficulty that police face because we ask them to be on the front lines of dealing with the systemic problems in our society.
"Can't stop all crime, so why have police?" "Can't stop all covid infections, so may as well stop testing or social distancing. You know what, we can't stop all disease, so why have hospitals?" "You can't stop riots, so why even address police brutality?" "Stop hating, I'm just asking questions, bro." Trolls.
Or red lining 100 years ago, or civil rights immediately after the civil war, or not introducing slavery to America in the first place. Of course doing something differently in the past would have helped today, which is why we need to do something differently today to help the future. Anyone who throws up their hands because the problem 'is too hard' is just a fuckwit. Ugh.
...and now you understand the anger.
Only if you're quoting their statements that justify oppressing people of color, which is what Trump did. Your question isn't the bulletproof 'gotcha' you think it is.
Shed style.
Alright, I'm genuinely curious now, so I'm going to stop arguing against you. Your perspective is very different from anything I've hear before, so please allow me to ask a few questions. I will challenge them when I don't understand, but not in the way I have before. I truly want to learn. If you're game for that, please help me get it. \&gt; The progress we have made has to be recognized in equal share with the problems we still need to overcome. What does this mean exactly? Does that mean that if Trump or Obama were to give a speech on this topic that in order for it to resonate with you it needs to discuss the history of race in America and touches on the Civil War and Civil Rights movements? Does just mentioning these things make the message more valid? Honest question, I swear. \&gt; Anything else is simply creating a bigger divide of us against them. Why does talking about the problems that one group faces feel divisive to you? I don't get this part. If I talk about the lack of economic opportunity and the opioid crisis in rural America (real problems that desperately need solutions), I don't worry about making African American feels divided, only because I'm talking about those specific problems to the people facing them. Likewise, when I talk about systemic racism in America, I don't intentionally leave out other groups to exclude them, I just talk about the groups that face this problem. Does that make you feel left out, or worse, make you feel like it's them vs you somehow? I genuinely would not expect that to happen, and if it does it would be an unintended consequence. Is that what's happening?
I agree, but think there's also some far-right agitators as well. There are a lot of extremist groups that are profiting off of the chaos. Quelling the protests (in a positive way) is the only way to end this short of overwhelming military force, which may drive the problem underground and make it FAR worse when it pops up again.
That's a good article, thanks for sharing. I do have a couple of questions: 1. How long have you felt this way, meaning how long have you felt that half the problem is ignored? If it's been since 2016, that's pretty rough. 2. Why do you feel excluded from the conversation? Could is also be seen as progress for some leads to progress for all? What I mean is that if we can admit there is a problem for one group, can the conversation then be opened up to include other groups? Does talking about racism now mean that we can't discuss general abuse later? 3. How would you prefer we talked about these issues and solved this problem? Why do you think we haven't done so already? Thanks
Stop thinking that Reddit is the real world. It's a bunch of reactionary college kids spending too much time on the computer. Watch any news channel to get a better understanding of what most people actually think, and that includes Fox New and MSNBC. At least their audiences are real people out in the world. It's crazy, but switch from any mainstream news media to Reddit and you get a vastly different set of headlines and discussions. It's bizarro world in here. So no, 'the left' doesn't think this. Dipshits on Reddit think this.
Thanks for the well thought-out reply. I understand a bit better. I have a couple more questions, if that's ok: &gt;BLM is exclusionary and inherently racist. It says that police killing innocent blacks is more significant than police killing innocent whites. When politicians and the media support organizations like BLM then they are essentially saying that non-black concerns don't matter which creates a division. All lives should matter when it comes to people in position of authority abusing their power. I understand how you get to that point, but I think it's more because African Americans understand their own experiences better than those of other people. I mean, that's the same as all of us. BLM isn't exclusionary, it's trying to bring light to a problem that they face. It's highly likely that they have no idea that other groups are similarly affected (I didn't and I'm white!). \&gt; Those actions from the past have had decades long effects which we are still dealing with today. The solution to those problems is not the same as police killing innocents in both majority and minority groups. Are the solutions different? I mean, isn't ending police brutality part of the solution to systemic inequality? I agree that it's not the only solution, but I don't think they are totally separate. Maybe we agree on that and just describe it differently. \&gt; The riots were excused and even encouraged in some instances because America is this horribly racist place. I think that's mostly online. All the news media I've consumed (WGN Chicago, Chicago Tribune, NYT, WaPo, other stuff in my feed) draws a clear distinction between the protesters and rioters. The people I do see encouraging the riots are people who encourage rioting for any reason or who legitimately want to see a race war: anarchists, alt-right extremists, libertarians, liberals so far to the left that they're unrecognizable, etc. If you see a reasonable person encourage the riots, please link it, because I haven't. \&gt; He could have united us. He could have helped tear down this idea of a racist America and started healing the divide. Instead he hammered home the idea that America is inherently racist, it's not any better, and the only way it even has a chance of getting better is to support the correct political party. \&gt; Which leads us to the current situation where its "us against them" pretty much everywhere we look. I think I understand you more, but I disagree strongly with this last position. I think the forces against Obama were unprecedented and Republican politicians (not conservative people, btw) saw an opportunity in being as obstructionist and divisive as possible. Democrats don't escape criticism here, and a lot of identity politics caused a divide as well, but I lay most of the deep, deep divisions in our society at the feet of \*really\* shitty elected Republicans, and it's only gotten worse. Trump's entire platform was to enflame the divide, and he took it to 11. But I guess the question that comes from your statements about Obama is, are we no longer racist? Has racism been cured in America? I don't think it has, and I don't think talking about it is the same as calling specific people racist. I mean, I have bias that I can't help. It's part of me at a fundamental level because grouping and associating and sophisticated social constructs that make me gravitate toward 'my people' while avoiding 'other people' are things that all of us inherited from our ancestors. Those things are just a part of us, and the way we are raised tells us who 'us' and 'them' are, mostly without any real intention behind them. So yes, overt racism is much, much better today than it was, but we still have human nature to try to correct for, and that's the racism that we need to work on today. So how do you classify police brutality? Is it just power tripping on people who have no voice? Is it a class issue? What do you think is the problem, and how do we fix it?
Sure, online in general is becoming the real world, but Reddit is still a tiny fraction of people who are very different than the general population.
Now *that's* an Otter Box.
&gt; Talking about the racism that remains is fine as long as people who disagree aren't lumped in as racist. I would be called a racist on a lot of social media if I were to say not all cops are racist, that the justice system isn't inherently racist. There are people who would say I am racist because I think BLM is counter productive and it's not helping. I honestly think you're inside an echo chamber here. I support the movement behind BLM and the idea that black lives matter, but I openly admit that the cause was run like shit for the first few years. They were reactionary and did more to harm the movement than solve the problem. &gt; This entire discussion, and it's been interesting and engaging for which I thank you, is because I think Obama did more to harm our country than heal it. I think the way he talked about issues like we see happening now increased the divide between our races. Because he failed to address the problem of police brutality as something that effects all Americans and it's something none of us can accept. Because he only spoke out against it when it happened to people of color and not when it happened to whites. Because he inserted himself into the conversation as being one of the victims which made everyone who's not a victim into part of the problem. He became part of the Us that is a victim of Them. It just happens that he's the president from the democratic party which further divided the people. I still see his involvement totally different from you here, and am genuinely surprised that you feel this way about his words. To me, they talked about a specific problem and then tried to include everyone in the solution. I didn't (and still don't) see how they are exclusionary or divisive. &gt; The key is voting for independents and breaking the stranglehold of the two parties. Why didn't the governor, mayor, chief of police, IA, and anyone else involved in policing or police oversight do something about a cop with a history of inexcusable behavior? Because each party has higher priority platforms and blame can be shifted elsewhere. Maybe with all that is happening we will see a change and the party's actually start caring about police behavior, but I doubt it lasts long. You just explained the rationale behind the riots, btw. Black people do not see progress in terms of justice, and feel that only by causing damage and disruption with those in power take any notice whatsoever. I honestly agree with them that progress is too slow, and even the arrests and convictions that have occurred have been too infrequent or not severe enough. Van Dyke got 6 years for killing someone - compare that to drug sentencing guidelines FFS. I think you and I have many, many more areas of agreement than disagreement on these issues. &gt; On the democrat side they need to start putting funding into police budgets and training instead of in more social programs. On the republican side they need to fund police budgets instead of creating loopholes for the wealthy to gain more wealth. Both parties need to make hard decisions about funding and create some short term tears in order to create long term safety. Cut funding to programs that are great for getting votes but have had limited to no success and move that money into programs that won't pay off immediately but will change our culture in 5-10 years. I'm curious if you've expressed these views before and how they were received. This is pretty non-controversial, and I can easily imagine this message dovetailing onto the existing conversations we're having about police brutality and race tensions. I would take a lesson from improve acting and never respond to a statement with "no," but with "yes, AND..." and add in your piece. You have an opinion on these topics that is *extremely* attractive to liberals, so you're either not expressing it in a way they can hear (a legit problem for sure), or you're talking not to rational people but online trolls and dickheads (very likely on Reddit). &gt; We have to be the custodians of our own behavior. We can't pass the buck onto the government to make laws and programs to force other people to behave the way we want. We have to engage poor behavior when we see it, we have to provide help when help is needed, and we have to take care of each other instead of expecting the government to do the job for us. You just described a major movement that liberals are pushing right now, bystander intervention: https://www.luc.edu/safetynet/resources/bystander/#:~:text=An%20active%20bystander%20is%20someone,problematic%20or%20might%20require%20intervention%3F Maybe you'll hate to hear this, but your opinions line up extremely well with liberal and democratic thoughts and opinions on these subjects. Either you're not using the buzzwords that they associate with their 'side' (like I said, a legit gatekeeping problem that my party causes way too much), or you're talking to people who aren't actually liberals. I'm sorry that Obamas words felt exclusionary to you and that you've faced backlash online, because I don't see anything that I disagree with in your post, except for your interpretations of Obamas comments. As a liberal, I can tell you that he was using all of the language that we associate with inclusion and reaching out to other groups (all groups, ideally). The fact that you felt excluded by them is a problem. And maybe it's not with our ideas and intentions, but with what we think is inclusion. Liberal movements are *very* easy to expand to cover additional groups, problems and topics. Our marches are huge collections of diverse groups that advocate different things. We see our collective identity not as choosing which specific problems are most important, but as a group that tries to band together to help solve all the problems that each group struggles with. If a leather-clad biker showed up to a march with a sign the read, 'end police brutality,' people would be all over him to take selfies. If you don't mind me asking this again, can you pick out some of the language in Obamas quotes that made you feel excluded or that it was your fault? I'm deeply interested in understanding that portion. Thanks for your thoughtful posts, I appreciate your replies.
Go figure.
I WASN'T SLEEPING I WAS CHECKING MY EYELIDS FOR CRACKS! The dude used a dad joke to excuse his actions. His presidency is now literally a joke.
I don't read any of them because I already know what you're saying. I've lived it, too. It's why I love this sub.
I had to deliver groceries to my immuno-supressed friend because she had a cold which means it's too risky to go outside, no grocery stores near us would deliver within 3 or 4 days, and I was the only person in town with a car, which was necessary because the closest stores were closed or had messed up hours. She fully supports the protests but it definitely fucked up her routine.
If by that you mean they don't know the brake pedal exists, then yes that applies here.
NEED FOR SPEED 360: CHECKPOINT CHALLENGE!
Me in FS95 but way harder because all the buildings are rendered.
Where will you mount the motor?
noob here, what does the ti86 by your knee do?
People who are used to traditional games jump on sims for dat wicked realism but bring their shitty game culture with them.
God dammit. I was just impressed by how a Chicago cop handled a very bad situation Saturday night that justified the use of force but he showed amazing restraint. Our Chicago cops are imperfect, but they are generally among the best at handling massive demonstrations. They made me proud during the WTO protests in 2012. But this is awful and a terrible reflection on our city and police force. This cop should be fired and arrested for assault. The longer these protests persist, the less it seems like cops are trying to maintain order on behalf of civilians, and more fighting for their 'side.' I don't know how to articulate that yet, but it's proven that these protests are necessary, since cops should be working for the people, not as their own autonomous force serving its own purposes.
Lol you assume I'm good enough for that to matter.
I said they are good at dealing with protests, not anything else. No fucking duh they were awful and rightfully exposed for the killing of LaQuan McDonald.
Why is this a problem? Isn't there an over-representation of conservative and right-wing views in business? And don't they have influence through lobbying? Maybe academia being left-wing actually balances society overall. Have you considered that?
What humanities are over-funded in your opinion? The vast majority of research grants given to universities go towards engineering and medical research. The humanities already get a pittance by comparison. Would 'defunding' them make any difference at all?
My feels about it are like AUXHDBAKSHDBSBABAKSBDVDJSJDBSJSJ!
And you're ignoring all of the moderate voices in both business and academia.
I took traction control completely off and that worked way better, actually. I usually have it at zero for all cars, but had it at 1 for the 911 to try to compensate and I think it made it worse. I've never adjusted brake balance though - what's your advice?
Just like they volunteered to be waterboarded? It'll never happen.
Marx was one of the most brilliant economists to have ever lived and the Communist Manifesto is probably one of the most influential single documents ever written. Communism doesn't work as a system unto itself, but the economic observations that Marx made were incredibly powerful and lead to the improvement of capitalism throughout the 20th century. You don't understand what you're talking about with all these posts.
I'm writing my final paper on the history of capitalism. I just spend a quarter reading Adam Smith, Hume, Marx, Ayn Rand, etc., etc., etc. In a week, I will graduate from one of the top business schools in the world. I'm not a communist, I just know what I'm talking about, and what you're posting is, well, wrong. You have an agenda and all of your posts show it. But you don't understand your own beliefs. You support things and decry others for nonsensical reasons, and me being "all over" your threads is a total of less than 8 comments, compared to the dozens of threads you've started just today across multiple subreddits. You're vomiting bad information all over Reddit, yet want to be taken seriously as a judge of what counts as bad academia? Cool story, bro.
You're proving my point for me. You can't have a rational discussion about economics without talking about Marx, even if it's just to understand what was wrong with communism. Plugging your ears when you don't like something doesn't make you better than the 'bad' academics you're going on about.
Yes he is. Saying that shows you have no idea what you're talking about.
You mean that his work from 150 years ago is no longer used to inform economic policy? Well no duh. That doesn't change that he was one of the most influential economists of all time.
We're talking about two different things. Yes, Marx, having invented Marxism, is not very relevant to today's capitalist world. He doesn't have much to say about modern capitalist policies. His ideology is no longer in use. It's also unsurprising that the creators of the foundations of capitalism are still relevant to capitalism today. I'm not talking about modern policy (though I would argue that people today are seriously doubting capitalism and becoming more sympathetic so socialism in general, so maybe it does apply to modern society as well). I'm talking about historical context and how you can't simply write-off Marx with "blah blah blah" when you get called on your shit. An economist (which I assume you are, or have studied it), hows where Marx went wrong and can articulate why. Some asshat on reddit spewing things he doesn't understand is not the same thing.
Ok.
OP is saying that social science is bad because 18% of social scientists identify as Marxist. He has no idea why Marxism is bad, is using statistics poorly, and has an ideological agenda against all non-STEM fields in academia. And you think that is right?
No shit.
The police are simply rejecting political and civilian oversight. I wasn't anti-cop before these protests started (I wanted some heavy reforms, but not what I would call anti-cop). But it's become clear to me that the police are now their own side and are protecting their own power and exercising autonomy. They are acting like everyone is an enemy; the people, the media, their civilian elected bosses... they've given up pretending that their purpose is as a civilian peace-keeping body and are now just acting as a power-seeking paramilitary force serving only itself. Scary stuff.
She looks proud of herself. Protip, no matter the circumstances, spitting on a teenager makes you a bad person.
Something we agree on.
I went from pro-cop that supported reform to solidly anti-cop in the span of two weeks. Disband, dismantle, destroy. Fire them all and start over. Illegalize police unions (I'm pro-union and my brother is president of his fire fighter union, but fuck police unions), make them carry personal liability insurance, body cameras, remove all military-grade hardware and make them walk the beat in local neighborhoods. Our entire concept of police needs to be completely redone.
Because he dedicated his show to police brutality?
5 months is super impressive! I've been practicing for a year but I can't get the timing right between my hips and arms.
Put the money into mental health and social services and you need a lot less policing. Honestly, cops should love this idea. They hate mental health calls and all the other random stuff that they deal with because there is no other department for it.
Those cars are magnets for crime. I think they're the most carjacked car, I saw someone pull the plates off of one on the street to put on the dealership car they just clearly stole, and the used market is full of lemons. All this crazy demand for literally the cheapest (and shittiest) V8 pony car on the market.
The cones are very helpful, but they are also a bit conservative on some tracks. Still, you should learn to use them and then watch faster laps to see how to violate them. There's a turn on the Nurburgring where the cones slow you down early for a left-hander that the top guys take with just a touch of brake.
After reading her speech I thought it was correct to drop her. She recorded it on May 18th and it mentioned absolutely nothing of the protests, which have dominated the landscape since the 25th. Even if it was a good speech to address graduating during COVID, it was so hopelessly out of date because it said nothing of protests. If she had recorded a new version that addressed the reality that students are graduating into after George Floyd, maybe she could have said something useful, but without that, there was nothing in her original version that made it a relevant commencement.
We should call in the military to put down these cops with force.
This is White House press secretary level lying. Look the camera straight on, knowingly say things that are proven false on video, and smile because you know it doesn't matter. Then, hopefully, someday you trip and fall on a spike, and people just keep walking.
Here's what the backside of that panel looks like: [https://imgur.com/a/pWvCqEZ](https://imgur.com/a/pWvCqEZ) You need to get those center clips lined up with their holes and re-inserted, or you've broken the clips, which is kinda likely on an old car. There's a small chance that the wire is getting in between a clip and a hole, or maybe it's keeping the panel too far away for the clips to engage. Try moving the wire around a bit while pressing the panel back in place. If that doesn't work, replace the clips from [Fordparts.com](https://Fordparts.com) or an after market retailer (Amazon has car clips for cheap, but it's sometimes hard to figure out exactly what you need), or just use double-sided tape like someone else said.
.....I'm ok with this one.
I don't mind winning duplicates, but I really wish that chances of winning amazing cars rose in relationship to how difficult the achievement was. Daily car? Give me whatever. Gold the circuit experience on Nordschliefe? DON'T GIVE ME ANOTHER GD MEGANE!
150K for a replica of this caliber is pretty cheap. There are some Cobra Daytona coupe replicas that start at $90k.
Where at? I'd love to see them. I'd do a factory five myself, just because I want to build it and it doesn't need to be that close. But some of the higher end replicas are insanely good.
Young liberals are not the people looting and burning stores. They might be part of throwing things at cops, but again, that's more from being young and rebellious than anything. Plus the violence of the protests has gone way, way down in the last week or so for whatever reason.
None of the above. Social media is where a lot of their interaction happens in general. Think of it more like a continual conversation that's open to anyone jumping in. I don't fully understand it even being only 10 years older, but to them there is no line between social media and real life. To them, it is real life. So saying something online is the same as expressing yourself in person. So in that sense, it makes the same amount of difference and has the same amount of attention as a personal conversation or an individual making a speach to a large crowd, depending on the intent and virality of the post.
Of course there are, but it's not primarily young liberals doing it. Im not speaking in absolutes here, just generalities. Don't interpret what I say as hard and fast facts that are strictly the truth. Save that BS for the rest of reddit. The looting and rioting is being perpetrated by a very small number of people compared to the number who are protesting. It's not accurate to say that any single group is responsible for all of the violence. Edit: Here, there's no evidence of antifa in the federal charges against those arrested for unrest. https://www.npr.org/2020/06/09/873278314/no-sign-of-antifa-so-far-in-justice-department-cases-brought-over-unrest I honestly don't think antifa has been nearly as active in these protests as they were in the right vs. left protests throughout 2017.
Rear wheel well rust is a biggie. Look for hidden spots of it where the bumper cover (plastic) meets the steel body panels. The plastic rubs away the paint here, but can be easily touched up if it's just thin paint or bare metal that hasn't started rusting. On the other hand, the top of the arch of the wheel well has problems. Ford has two layers of metal here with a rubber noise dampener in between about 3 inches up from the lip of the wheel well, and this area holds water. Run your fingers along the inside of the wheel well arch on both the visible part and just inside the lip and see if you feel wavy/jagged/rusted metal. Go slowly so you don't hurt yourself and use a rag to be safer. Just make sure it's rust and not caked on mud. The front door interior panels will fade horribly if the car has been left in the sun for most of it's life. The plastic color will fade and start to degrade into a powder that you can scrape off with your finger nail, so watch for that. The tinted rear windows prevent this for most of the other panels. The 2008 hybrid model still uses the same drivetrain as the previous generation, though I'm not sure about the rest of the 2008s, but best to avoid them anyway since they are the oldest of the group. other than normal wear and tear on brakes, suspension, tires, etc., there's not a lot that usually goes wrong on these guys. So if you find something with an oddity, don't let the owner convince you it's normal for the model.
If there are 200 members, then for paying $365/year, you would on average win about twice per year (odds are 2/3.65 \~ 1/2), netting you $35 per year on average, assuming that the group owner isn't taking off the top, which they almost certainly are. As the group size increases, the prize goes up but the odds go down in essentially the same ratio so your long-run average winnings would be about the same, but it would take longer and longer between wins, meaning inflation and future discounting starts to take over and diminish the 'real' winnings. Even if legal, it's not worth it. Just put $1/day into your savings account instead. Edit: well this got bigger than I expected. I rounded quickly because the math was just to prove a point: don't do it. As others have rightly pointed out, when you don't round, the long-run expected value, or winnings minus costs, is $0.
Downvoting doesn't exist for most social media, just Reddit. And banning doesn't happen to the vast majority of social media users, and when it does, it's for violating TOC's (which should be allowed in a free market, no?), and that usually involves targeted hate speech or harassing people. Having a normal conversation about controversial ideas happens all the time. Inciting violence, doxxing, and death threats against people you want to target is NOT having a conversation and challenging someone's beliefs.
That's a really cool idea.
What I've said and what you're saying can totally exist together. Young people may not think to post a sheriff's address. But again, it's an online conversation, not always meant to be a call to action. Sometimes it's just expressing their own opinions.
As an older Millennial myself, no duh. I didn't say it was acceptable, only that it's a small number of younger people, and I attribute it more to rebellion or anti-authority of youth more than a political ideology. "The left" isn't calling for violence, but a small group of people are using the protests as an opportunity to be bad. If you find it surprising that people will take advantage and act out when they feel like they can get away with it, then it may be time to ask your parents if you had a normal childhood. :P
Yeah, that's a different discussion for sure. These platforms and our laws are totally out of sync and we need to have a national conversation about how these two things should interface. Plus, leaders shouldn't dictate policy through social media in general. That's kinda f'd up.
It should be each users' definition of centrism, that way they're all unique!
I misread as Australia and realized that tandeming downunder is quite a dirty concept.
Is this car in Ford or one of the oddball dealerships?
It could be a launch title if they release 99% of the game through updates the same way the did GTS. But I also doubt it will make it as a launch title. PF has never cared about the console cycle before. They release on their own schedule.
Which is a complete reversal of the GOP platform since the....1970s? Longer? Which is odd. I'd also like them to return to making arguments for their policy positions instead of just calling everyone else a boogyman. There are legitimate reasons to deregulate, but they don't even bother with them anymore. I'm not sure that today's elected officials actually understand these policy positions or why they believe them. They just do because they always have.
1, the Kids come in with their views pretty set. college actually tempers them by challenging them. 2, there are plenty of conservative Kids in college, like a high percentage, but they don't get much visibility. exactly isn't something I can answer.
Yep. I did it quickly because I wasn't interested in perfect accuracy. I never expected the post to get this much visibility. Calling it one of the dumbest things on Reddit is a big harsh though, no? :)
Well alright then, I guess I'm the dumbest thing on Reddit. Have a nice day. :)
Had I known it would gain this much visibility I would have been more accurate. Oh well.
I've been in a couple of gridlocks like this but on a smaller scale. The frustrating part is that it was obvious what was happening, but people were pushing further into it anyway. They wanted a 'better' spot in a line that wasn't moving, and them pushing through was cutting off the people that needed to leave for their line to move at all. I wanted to just hit them.
Yeah, that sounds about right. &amp;#x200B; Edit: oh, you sneakily ninja edited after my comment! How sly. Using all the Reddit tricks I see. ;)
&gt;Your math doesn't demonstrate "don't do it" at all. Your point about "it taking longer and longer between wins" is nonsensical because it is equally likely that you win early rather than winning late. Furthermore, it is also irrelevant because you're taking the expectancy of the realized cash flows and not the expected ones. The expected net present value is the present value of the expected cash flows, not the present value of the realized cash flows (that would be the realized net present value). Oh, you edited your post after my reply, and added things that are wrong! Let's now have some fun at your expense. Maybe we can use you as an example of deficiencies in our education system. :) I was talking about expected value, which is very simple in this case because the value and probability of each win (assuming group size stays 200 and you contribute every day) are constant, so the formula just collapses to the average. Over a long period of time, the winnings will always be $200, and the average interval between wins will be 200 days. Here's the formula and an example: [https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/expected-value.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/e/expected-value.asp) &amp;#x200B; &gt;Essentially, the EV is the long-term average value of the variable. But if the group size increases, the prize and interval increase proportionally, so your average winnings over time are the same \[at $0 ;) \], but the increased time interval means that even though you're still giving $1/day, your next win (on average) will be further out into the future, so time value of money effects could start to matter. Like, you're 'investing' more and more money between wins with longer times between returns, so that first dollar has lost a lot of value by the time it's returned to you. I used an investment 'gut check' calculation because it's what I'm most used to at this point, and the reason I rounded is because a wrong answer of $35 (or $25) is close enough to zero to tell you not to do it. Perfect accuracy isn't required for the decision (neither is considering how the investment 'works' like whether it's a closed system, which you think should be my first thought - but again, isn't actually needed), and spending the time to get perfect accuracy isn't worth it because returns are never exactly what you predict anyway. Sure, this case is simple, so I could have calculated it perfectly, but it was a quick comment on my lunch break (and also evidence of a total failure of our educational system). but in effect, the quick guesstimates already accounted for all of the things you said I should have taken the time to think through. But honestly, why bother? The quick way cut straight to the chase with the least amount of effort, everything else is honestly irrelevant. You approached it from a mathematics standpoint (and clearly don't have experience with expected value calculations, since you use the words a few times but not the formal concept or formula), but then got some basic things about statistics and NPV wrong. So while you have math skills, I'm not sure I would agree that you have 'better' skills than I do. I guess our educations failed both of us. Sad. :( In case you edit it again: &amp;#x200B; &gt;I mean it's not about accuracy, though. &gt; &gt;An accuracy error would be if the true expected payoff was $25 and you stated $35, then you would be off by 40% and made an accuracy error, because you still got the fundamental fact that the game is positive expectancy. &gt; &gt;This is much deeper than a simple accuracy. If everyone pays into a pool and gets paid out from the pool, it's a zero sum game with zero expectancy. That should have been the first place your brain jumped to. The idea that you could type that out without stopping to question, "Wait, does that make sense?" is really a shocking example of how math education sadly prioritizes rote memorization and unconscious applications of formulas over critical thinking. &gt; &gt;Your math doesn't demonstrate "don't do it" at all. Your point about "it taking longer and longer between wins" is nonsensical because it is equally likely that you win early rather than winning late. Furthermore, it is also irrelevant because you're taking the expectancy of the realized cash flows and not the expected ones. The expected net present value is the present value of the expected cash flows, not the present value of the realized cash flows (that would be the realized net present value). &gt; &gt;The time value of money penalty comes from the payment coming on the next day. Because you pay $1 on a given day and receive back an "expected" $1 on the next day, since you have a .5% chance of winning $200, this means that you need to discount that $1 by an appropriate discount rate for 1 day. This makes the game an extremely tiny negative expectancy, which is of course extremely small relative to the volatility of the game. &gt; &gt;The real reason not to play this game is because you are taking on unnecessary volatility for zero expected gain.
Gonna be hard to run on flat tires. Just sayin'
Wooow, you can dish it out but get reallly upset when people say the same mean things back to you, huh? I pray that you never reach management where anyone's livelihood depends on dealing with you ever day. :) If we want to wave our credentials in each other's faces, then I actually do have a mechanical engineering degree and worked as one for 10 years. So.... good thing no one's life depends on an expected value calculations, I guess? Glad we sorted where trading lands in the hierarchy. &amp;#x200B; &gt;The number of other people playing the game does not impact your expected value or how the discounting works in this case; it only affects the volatility, which you did not even address. You have no idea what you're talking about. Um, that's exactly the point I was making. I never said size impacted your expected value, just the size of the 'winnings' each time. I quite explicitly said that EV remains the same over time regardless of how many people play, because the payoff and volatility (I normally avoid 4-dollar words in non-subject matter subreddits because it kinda makes you look like an asshole, protip), are proportional. Are you actually a trader or just a dude in the back writing algorithms? (This is also why engineers don't run companies, btw; if people don't think exactly the same, you immediately level incredible insults about their intelligence. I mean, go reread what you said to me earlier Do you really think that's an acceptable way to talk to people? And yet you can't stand to receive anything similar in return. I used to say similar things about people and justified it as 'facts' when it was really just elitist gate keeping and condescension about my 'superior' education. Once I realized it's just being an asshole I grew up).
When exactly did I backtrack? I always said EV was constant regardless of size. I don't know where you think I'm wrong with that one. &amp;#x200B; &gt;I don't know why you're trying to act so high-and-mighty. Because you picked a fight. You responded to my post where I admitted my mistake to someone who pointed it out. Then you doubled-down with insults even after I responded to you saying you were right! I wasn't even defending myself, just saying, "eh, I made a mistake," and you went apeshit. Oh, I just realized this, did you lose a shitload of money on a trade recently? Maybe you're venting your frustrations on Reddit and don't actually think that I lack critical thinking skills, that the US educational system failed me (including a grad-level statistics course (maybe you were my TA?)), and that my work as an engineer will kill people. Yeah, maybe I was wrong about the time value of money and had my intuition backward. My mistake was in a quickly written post on Reddit where nothing matters, but holy fuck man, read back over how you responded here and re-examine your life.
&gt;Yeah, maybe I was wrong about the time value of money and had my intuition backward. My mistake was in a quickly written post on Reddit where nothing matters, but holy fuck man, read back over how you responded here and re-examine your life.
Shit, I've been taking a final for the past few hours. This is the only way to improve on finishing a class. This is awesome.
Yep! But I still don't know the words to my favorite songs. I evaluate purely on the music because the lyrics are too hard to discern.
I tell you what, I'll promise to brush up on EV and NPD calculations if you promise to never treat people like that ever again. Deal?
His Tulsa rally is on Juneteenth. He is holding a rally in the city where they bombed and burned an entire black city on the holiday that celebrates emancipation. I actually WANT to give him the benefit of the doubt that his all-white administration just doesn't realize these things. But there's simply no way to do that. He is intentionally signalling to white supremacists. You'd think he'd try to be subtle about it.
I thought so too, but look up the date of his Tulsa rally and what happened there to Black Wall Street. This is entirely intentional.
Because I dont want to believe that deliberate racism still exists. I want to think that it's all unconscious bias. Admitting there are still people who actively want to suppress minorities AND they are running the country is too depression and my mind wants to reject it. But then I need to force myself to see the obvious and stop trying to hide from the truth. Trump is openly courting racists.
Pretty amazing renovation: it moved two mountains further apart.
I seriously loved this. Still haven't gotten gold on the last car though. It's the only one.
Oh, that will be interesting.
Yeah, it was my favorite track as well. Everyone seems to love GT4 but I didn't like it. My favorite game and track is still gt3 and mid field.
It's pretty clear that GTS cars were deisnged with PS5 in mind. All GTS cars will likely port straight into the new game, so that will be the starting point, not the end number. And from that, most cars will be versions of this base set. You can easily get the base street versions of all the GTS cars. The hardest part will be the interiors, which isn't essential for game fans given that they left detailed interiors out of previous games. I don't think it's unreasonable at all to estimate more than 500 cars in the new game.
You came out of the pits too early by crossing the white line, but the problem was not leaving space on the outside of the turn. It's OK to push them wide, but you need to leave a car width (including the curbs) so they can stay next to you, but you squeezed too far. If you want more experienced reviewers, submit this to r/simracingstewards. They are very good for this type of thing.
The G29 and the folding playseat is a huge step up from controller. If you afford that just go for it. You'll get the most benefit going to a basic wheel and setup, and waiting for higher end wheels and seats will just deprive you of way better racing for a longer time. You can sell that setup for about $150 when you're ready to trade up, so it won't prevent you from upgrading in the future. Edit: but at this point I would wait to see what's confirmed compatible with ps5 and gt7 before you buy anything at all. I'm going to see if it'll be compatible or if the aftermarket will release a converter. There's also a strong chance that PS5 will be backward compatible with PS4 hardware since the systems are pretty similar.
This is beautiful.
Such an overpowered beast. I beat the whole game with it once I got it.
It's mostly flat and mostly corn, just the rest of the Midwest. But we also have one of the best state schools in the country (and the whole system is pretty decent), the third largest city and the fifth largest state economy. We also have a coastline on the Great lakes, which most people don't realize is basically an inland ocean. All in all, Illinois is pretty awesome. And then there's the pockets of nature here and there where the landscape gets interesting. Those are quite beautiful.
Yeah, that's makes sense.
I love corn on the Cobb. My wifes high school had a problem where too many kids were eating them on the bus and making a mess. She came from a farm town.
I don't know about those! What are they?
I've only been to SIU once and it's gorgeous there! But I don't remember it well so didn't want to say something wrong about our state. I also think SIU has a blacksmithing program, which is just totally awesome.
Not glossing it over at all, just making sure the bad isn't all we focus on. We often forget all the positives.
That's already a thing, especially in the black community.
Are you talking about being pulled over?
You want a police state.
Turbos are just portals for 10mm sockets to return to their home dimension.
There are salary jobs that also pay overtime, buts not the norm in general. I've never come across one, personally.
I hate to break it to you, but white collar salary jobs are very often more than 40hrs a week, and if your employer pays higher than average wages, then one reason could be that more hours are expected.
Just to get this straight, you assume that this entire problem stems from not knowing how to be respectful to police, and that not one of the millions of people in the black community has already thought of this?
I have the opposite argument: states suffering from the covid recession will legalize Marijuana for new tax revenues. They may even race each other to be first as the early states will get the biggest first-year revenue bumps.
This is the most open minded discussion for sure, and even when someone has a blind spot, the first instinct is to talk through it with each other, not name call and shame.
Opt out saves lives. If you don't care enough about the topic to think it through and opt out, then let your lack of interest serve the public good. But this, of course, relies upon this being a well known policy that people generally understand. It shouldn't be a secret kept from the people or obscured in any way. Consent is still key here.
My dog loves going to the vet, and they fawn over him, so this is how I assume he's always been treated there.
Makes sense, similar viscosity but there's millions more mustard users so the food and beverage industry has researched mustard bottles up the wazoo. But I wouldn't have thought of it. Great tip.
I have a pile of old cell phones waiting to be converted for this, but I'm mostly driving Gran Turismo right now which has zero apps like this. Pretty big bummer.
Opt out is how most of Europe does it. &gt; As of 2010, 24 European countries have some form of presumed consent (opt-out) system, with the most prominent and limited opt-out systems in Spain, Austria, and Belgium yielding high donor rates. Spain had the highest donor rate in the world, 46.9 per million people in the population, in 2017. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organ_donation#Europe This is the second topic on this sub today where some of the basic info is missing from the conversation. Opt out is common and saves lives.
Oh, now I get it. Sounds wonderful. How do I sign up, or have you already done that for me? Life will be easier when I no longer need to make any decisions ever. Just tell me when you eat and sleep and I pledge to you my undying service and happiness.
Poor Fredo.
Oof, that's a culture shock. Did you move for school? I'm also a city kid and went to a city university for that reason. My brother went to school down state and my wife is from a small agricultural town in Illinois. I'll ask them what's up, but here's what I know (its limited, maybe make a new post her asking the real experts) : Outdoors stuff is most of it: Dirt biking Snowmobiling Cross country skiing Shooting Camping Hiking Sports leagues Indoor stuff is what you get everywhere: Movies Bars Theater Concerts when they come to town Champaign is a college town at least, so there's a lot more to do than your average Illinois town, but you might find it very limited compared to San Diego.
The LGBTQ community sees this administration as an existential threat. This isn't about politics for them, but the fear that their existence will be outlawed and they will be persecuted. I find it strange that you identify with the community but haven't recognized this already.
The left felt this way after Trump one. The left feels like Trump targeted them as domestic enemies to be stamped out, and they see banding together as survival. Any break in the ranks is how you get Trump, and a potentially more conservative congress elected with less that a majority of the vote.
So is he an 18 year old or a 34 year old? How I think about all this depends on his age.
Ok. If he's an 18 year old, then he's exhibiting some serious mental health issues and if he were one of my college students I would have a conversation and get him into the therapy system at my school. If he's 34, I'd think the same about his mental health, but just refer him to the police (until they better fund mental health resources). Not tracking with reality and spinning your wheels like that are bad signs. I'm not the expert, but I've been trained what to look for to flag someone to be referred to an expert.
Yep. The fastest way to make someone hate your guts and your ideas is to be a jerk to them. Being the smartest person in the room doesn't matter if you're an asshole that know one listens too. If you want to convince people, you can't treat them as an enemy.
The real question is whether or not the US has jurisdiction over them at all. Proof of extra terrestrials ~~begs the question~~ raises the question if there's an intergalactic legal code that supersedes our terrestrial laws. This is also clearly said in jest, for anyone reaching for an internet pitchfork. Edit: used a term incorrectly.
On the one hand, removing noise from your life is nice. On the other hand, removing social media removes you from a huge portion of societal interaction and makes you blind to whatever the latest trends are, and by removing yourself, you remove another moderate voice and make the problem worse. The answer depends on how you feel about those things.
Maybe not. What does it mean?
That sub has gone down hill in a spectacular way. Their posts have very little to do with anything that happens here anymore, or they pick out the posts that this community also finds super annoying. But the opinion of the left is that the right is so dangerous right now that not opposing them is the same as a tacit endorsement. TBH, I kinda agree. The Trump administration is the most combative we've seen in modern history and it treats 50% of Americans as enemies to be vanquished.
Wasn't the plan 'on display' actually buried under rubble in a basement room full of filing cabinets? I haven't read it in years.
Aha! Thank you. And why do you have this quote so close at hand?
I find it hard to believe that you're an expert on alien laws that we've never seen before.
Yeah, I think there's a difference between who you trust for information vs. who you watch to see what's happening. Those two things can be very different.
If intergalactic code is more like empires or colonialization, we may already be owned territory and have no idea.
How do you think that came about?
Polarization generally.
Well that's an interesting one. I actually hope a physicist doesn't come see this thread so we can keep the mystery alive.
As Clarkson would say, "it's better because now it's a carbon fibre vajazzle."
Tell your sister that she shouldn't date someone who casually offers to deal drugs.
Yeah, you throw a cross and see if you can hit the furthest station in the church yard. Then you move to a bigger cross.
You can always leave the job if you don't like it, but if you don't go you'll never know.
Bill Mahar is a dick to both sides most of the time. What do you think of him?
Might be the first time that Dave Matthew's prevented someone from getting laid. It's normally a college mating call.
Wait, the bean was done by the vanta black douchebag? Argh.
Someone poked fun at me for wearing a cubs hat recently. Something about them playing poorly. But the way I see it, I won't be ashamed to be a Cubs fan until they lose for 109 years.
True, but equally pretentious and arrogant?
So a centrist journalist needs to be blunt, not provocative, not rich, and advocate for the middle class?
I saw a black dude driving through my city in a car covered in NRA stickers. I was confused, but the dude clearly knew what he was about.
Yup, that sounds southern alright.
My wife said to her mom last week, "you know how you need to work 10% harder as a woman to get the same recognition?" Mom, "yeah?" Wife, "that's what it's like for POC, only more so, and especially for women of color." Mom, ".....oh."
No more than anyone else. It's also super uncommon because I live in Chicago, a super liberal city, so you don't see NRA stickers anywhere. Plus, the NRA itself isn't exactly friendly to minorities in the cultural wars going on right now. Most of their recent PR has been racial dog whistles. So I think it's justified to be confused.
I think this definitely conflicts with innocent until proven guilty. I can't imagine a single use for this. Even arguments for public safety are bunk because this takes place after the arrest, meaning the person is in custody and no longer a danger. This seems like cops circumventing the rule of law.
I like the aftermarket headlights. Gives it a Range Rover look. I have an 08 and it's not as clean. I replaced the rear wheel wells a couple years back due to rust.
Loved that game. I played it heavily from 2005 to 2011. It was my intro to clans and competitive leagues, modded servers and private matches. It was a fantastic time. As an aside, I really wish games would go back to private servers. Corporate servers simply do not enforce any rules so you're stuck playing with the worst of the worst and you can't form a community.
Awesome, I'm going to happily fall down this rabbit hole later. :)
Maybe! We need to be prepared for anything.
Unpopular opinion: we need to fix our internal social issues before we have the clout to suggest other countries fix theirs. Plus, we have more of a duty to our own citizens than those of other countries. Not saying we should ignore humanitarian crises, but our country was on the cusp of large scale riots nationwide, so it simply required our attention in order to not boil over.
How can you boil police brutality down to a single person? It's affected millions for generations. It IS the future of humanity FFS.
The US once had the international diplomacy and credibility to intervene in these things. The biggest failure of Trump is dismantling our State Department. We once could dictate the direction of the globe, but now we're just along for the ride. Countries are ramping up human rights abuses because we stopped giving a crap. And now that domestic issues are also on the edge of turmoil, we'll have no appetite to pay attention to the rest of the world. So more atrocities are coming.
Since when were any of these guys progressive heroes?
Progressive here. Nope.
The education thing didn't get any traction so I guess he upped the shock value.
His time in the administration, maybe?
As the economy reopens, air quality will decrease. You may have gotten used to cleaner air during the shutdown.
Think through why that is and you'll see that it is a race issue.
I disagree. I think the world wants our help, but we've screwed up our ability to help. It's either the US promoting human rights and democracy, or Russia and China promoting whatever serves their interests, and that definitely isn't human rights or democracy. The US pulling back from the world is a bad thing, but we've weakened ourselves too much over the last 4 years and now we are forced to look at internal issues over external ones.
In order for a cause to be advanced, it needs to have a moment. This is the BLM moment. I think it's folly to say that any movement that gains traction is wrong because it overlooks other needs. In order to solve problems, you need to focus on them for a time and make progress, and that's what's happening. This is my biggest criticism of centrism, or this sub at least, is that anyone who takes anything seriously or puts their passion and attention on one thing is labeled as too extreme, and is criticized for putting that one thing as a higher priority than the sum of all other problems. But that's how causes work - you need passion, focus and solutions, and then you have the ability to move on to the next thing. Sitting idle and saying that you shouldn't ever fix a problem because there are so many other problems is the exact opposite of helping any of them at all.
Cause: systemic racism and disenfranchisement has impoverished minorities in the US and stripped them of opportunities. Crime, health, and adverse outcomes are more correlated with poverty than anything else. Race isn't the cause, as other races put in the same situations have similar outcomes, but this situation was forced on minorities because of race based on US policies that were designed to do so. Effect: black people commit 37.4% of violent crime while making up 13.4% of the US population. THAT is the race issue at the heart of everything. You're ignoring history, which causes you to think that current statistics, devoid of context is the truth, when that is exactly the kind of thinking that perpetuates the situation. ~~Go think about your own ignorance for a while.~~ Edit: last sentence is too harsh, you pissed me off but I shouldn't have let it get to me.
It was college and I didn't have any tools at the time. :/
I think we should be the world police, if only because the alternatives are terrifying. But we've given away all ability to do so. We've made ourselves weak over the last 4 years and we can barely take care of ourselves at the moment. Being the world police was tremendously valuable to the US over the last 70 years, but propaganda has convinced a large portion of the population that our country dominating the earth is somehow terrible for us.
yeah, like 1% of people wear those. It's not a progressive thing.
I can only speak for the US, and that's not really a thing here. Maybe some college kids like it because it's edgy and tie-dyed, but that's about it.
Pssht, I didn't have money in college. On the other hand, I'm working on a drill press at the moment and it's the last thing I need to make my garage into an amateur woodshop.
Progressive /= communist.
He'll be pardoned in the name of 'healing and moving on,' like always.
That would be news to me. I don't think that's how it works, but I could be wrong.
"I own a Porsche but can't afford a Uhaul." "Why?" "Because I own a Porsche!"
I'm cynical enough to believe that the DOJ will pressure states to drop all charges. Or Trump will simply ignore subpoenas and all state legal efforts and his status as a former president will mean no one will enforce anything.
I hope you're right, but I still predict nothing will happen.
I hope you're right.
Again, I 100% agree, but we have zero credibility on the world stage right now and domestic unrest is taking up all of our national attention right now. We have no capacity to watch or ability to solve global problems. Welcome to the Trump presidency.
Don't forget tax exempt! You, too, can have a tax-free mini mall so long as you use one of the movie theaters as a church!
Oh man, your comment makes me really want to see a reinagining of the Animal House poster but with the letters FOP atop a precinct party with a bunch of cops drinking and committing atrocities on their guests. Seems entirely fitting for the time.
I hope you're right.
[fordparts.com](https://fordparts.com) Create a profile, enter your vin and search for parts specific to your vehicle. It's a super handy tool. Parts through Ford can be expensive sometimes, so you can then use the part number and search on ebay or craigslist for a used one.
Use R2 and R3 for gas and the thumbs tick to steer. Try to get good enough to drop traction control and all driver aids to zero, but that might Take a while. The best way to learn are the challenges and circuit experiences, but watch the video for each one before you try it. It will save you loads of time and frustration. After a while, you'll notice that the driving aids slow you down or just mess with your steering, but you need to try driving without them for a bit to realize the effect that they have.
That's awesome. &amp;#x200B; Edit: just reserved mine.
My god. Are you confirming?
Some mayor of some town you'll never visit decides to change the name of something IN HIS TOWN and that divides....you? Aren't you going out of your way to be offended by something that has nothing to do with you?
You can't vote for Biden because of the actions of a small town mayor in the middle of nowhere? Ok, Russiabot, thanks for your input.
Congrats!!!! 33 and just graduated with my MBA! Not commuting should have been easier, but classes this quarter were so. much. harder. than any previous quarter. Good on you for getting through it. We're now codified in a very odd time in history.
Buahahaha!
Ok, say that it is. You're still getting offended that other people are...offended. Like, why does this matter at all? How does it affect your life?
\&gt; Do you not believe this is an extreme view? I don't, actually, and I'll tell you why so we can hopefully have a discussion. 1. the name of the head of police is immaterial IMO. I really don't care what the name is and it has no impact on me or the function of the police force. 2. Progress is made through experimentation, so this may become a wider trend, or it may not. We don't know for sure yet. 3. People should be able to change their opinions about things, including names, ideas, and people, after the fact. Saying something should be permanent just because someone in the past did it that way is rather arbitrary. Maybe they did it for a good reason, but maybe not, and there's no good reason to continue it. Truly, this is a very small change, and has virtually no affect on anyone directly (unlike Federal policy, btw), so I don't see a reason to even think about it. Plus, this action itself is also impermanent. If the people of this town dislike it, they can elect someone else to change it back. These townfolk aren't being subject to the whims of some mystical dark force. Maybe they support this decision, so it's not really our business, is it?
&gt;If Topeka Kansas voted to get rid of abortion, you and I would not be affected. (Assuming you're not from Topeka which is arbitrary.) However we both might feel strongly about them doing so and take issue with it. To your argument, I'm not getting one, you're not getting one... why should it matter? If the people of Topeka dislike it they can elect someone to change it, right? &amp;#x200B; But you're comparing the name of something to abortion tho. How is that at all the same? The name of the police chief (or CEO, or whatever) has ZERO to do with public health and safety, personal rights, etc., etc.,. You simply can't compare this to a public health policy change. In fact, you can't compare it to anything other than other name changes. I understand that you want to critique the thinking \*behind\* the decision rather than the decision itself, but you need to also contend with the idea that this name change is also, largely, inconsequential, especially compared to public health policies. They are not comparable at all, in fact. So yes, experimentation here is pretty much safe and without consequences, regardless of your analysis of intent. Which, by the way, is itself a logical fallacy. \&gt; They are making this change to manufacture outrage amongst sympathetic white people who would view this move positively. This is the very definition of virtue signalling. You don't know that. In fact, you just made it up and asserted that it was the motivation of the Mayor and by extension, the citizens of that town because he is an elected official that represents them. You can't assume this at all. So you're not getting upset about \*why\* this name is changing, but \*why you assume\* this name is changing, which is clearly showing your bias in the situation. You may disagree with it, but if all the names of all police chiefs around the country were changed, it would still have zero impact on anyone's life except for your anger over the decision, and that anger is based on your own projections of the reasoning behind it, not the reasoning itself. You are manufacturing your own outrage.
My position is that this makes no difference, so it doesn't deserve much attention. If you can't tell the difference between changing a name and public health policy changes, then I don't know how we can continue to have a conversation. This literally hurts no one. Edit: also, did a centrist just tell me to pick a side? That's a first for me.
Yeah...
&gt;Why is it ok to take issue with a public health policy (Roe v Wade would disagree with you) and not a public occupational policy? Why do you believe one is off limits and the other is not? Because it's not because one affects you and the other does not. Unless you are a woman in Topeka the hypothetical I used would not affect you. Because one policy has public health ramifications and the other does not. Seriously, public health policy is about health and safety, and the well being of people depends on it. I am against any policy that increases pain and suffering or reduces access to medical care for anyone. And also for expanding access to healthcare to as many people as possible. This deals with the quality of life of actual human beings. The name of a police chief (or CEO, or head, or whatever) has absolutely none of those considerations. There is no public health ramification, no change to quality of life, no change to how police operate, no change to how people interact with police, etc., it's simply benign. And TBH, it's a non-damaging change that a group of people very far away from me have decided upon, and could easily reverse if they wanted to. A policy about allowing clinics to exist or not is completely different. The stakes are much higher. I'm actually a little alarmed that I'm explaining this to you. Do you not see a difference between the two?
I always hope these videos end in karma, but they never do.
\&gt; Also happy cock day ...thanks?
I want that old Ranger.
Yeah, it's a sweet truck. I had a '92 until it was totaled in 2018. Had the Vulcan 3.0 and 5 speed. Loved that thing.
I wrote a reply to this but have no idea why it's not posted. I'll check tomorrow if it's still open on my laptop.
The band and drama kids were also necking in groups of three or four, so clearly that wasn't the issue you took with the anime crowd...
Yeah, you gotta sterilize them before you can safely insert them into your box.
I live in flyover country. But having less than 100,000 people makes it one of 4,000 cities in the US that have between 10,000 and 100,000 people. It's more representative of small town America than big cities, so you can't have it both ways. You want to say that it's a liberal city AND defend it from us big city liberals. So which is it? Sure, I shouldn't have called it the middle of nowhere, but it's one city among thousands and this sub is freaking out about it. You're not going to vote for Biden because of the actions of one Mayor of out of 4,000. That is ridiculous. You are manufacturing outrage.
Thank goodness for practice rooms.
Sorry you're angry. That sucks. But you kinda are judging BLM based on the actions of individuals. At the same time, I don't think all cops are bad, nor do I think all Trump supporters are racist. While I disagree with the last two groups, I have friends in both. I gotta ask, are those individuals actual BLM members, or are they participants? Just because they support the movement, doesn't mean they represent it. And without more details, there's not much else to discuss about this, other than to say some people are immature dickheads that don't conduct themselves properly.
Then forget them. Honestly, it's not worth the fight. How old are you, if I may ask?
Back road assassination at night.
Yeah, pretty much. Communism is bad, it's as simple as that. I'm not sure I understand why this group is in opposition to BLM though. Surely theres room for 'yes, and...' in social movements?
They are the last refugees of digg 4.0. When that site updated that last, and fateful time (or not, if it still exists no one cares cuz it was always crap anyway), the user base fled the atrocities and poured into Reddit. Soon, half the comments on any given thread were the sad, soulless, 'lol' that former digg users called out to their kin to show that while they were in a hostile land, they still had each other. And then some people thought that was normal behavior so we're stuck with the stupidity today.
Nono, it's Toulouse, like in France. Nothing Toulouse!
I don't need a pc bc my phone does everything my console doesn't. Fight me.
Ok, this thread is funny. Buncha PC people competing for who is most phone frugal. Y'all keep telling me how affordable a pc is but that's because it's where you spend all of your money. :p Edited to correct Y'all.
Because what you're experiencing is more common with college age or just after college age. People still have large friend groups that heavily participate in social media. Is that the case?
I don't make that crap on my own time or my own devices. I only make excel charts on my ancient Lenovo after my boss chews me out for asking for a new one. :)
Ty, my phone defaults to the wrong one!
I think it's threading a needle with how you phrase it. We saw backlash against metoo once it went too far, which I stamp at the Anziz Ansari accusation (a bad date is not assault), but the overall movement can't be drowned out at the same time. A movement is a bunch of people demanding to be heard, so you need to critique that movement in a way that doesn't silence people, deligitimize the movement, or tell them that, on the whole, they are wrong. The basic method is to agree with the premise, disagree politely with a specific point and give solid reasoning for why (and written in a non-combative fassion) and then end with another agreement with the overall premise. That's how you critique someone and have them actually hear you. Of you come out guns blazing, everyone just digs in. I've done this successfully, btw. I had a student not want to come to a viewing and discussion of The Hunting Ground because he felt that Title IX had gone too far, but didn't want to be alone and shouted down by the room. He ended up coming AND being widely supported. I coached him to approach the situation in the same way that the women in the room were. If he came in with statistics and arguments about why sexual assault is overblown, it would have been bad. The women and supporters in the room were coming from a place of fear, anger, pain and vulnerability as they felt their safety was the issue at hand. Approaching that group with statistics is using math to tell them their feelings are wrong. I asked him to come with an explanation for why he felt the way he did. What about this was so troublesome to him? What feelings did this movement illicit that made him feel it was wrong? That way, he's approaching the conversation from the same place, a place of vulnerability. When he brought up his concerns from that perspective, everyone agreed with him that his viewpoint mattered and made sense, and that progress meant that his opinion needed to be considered and included. And that's the issue we have again with BLM. A bunch of people are marching out of fear, and anger, and vulnerability, and lots of people are responding to that by quoting statistics. Instead, try responding with how you feel and why, and leave the math at the door. You'll get a much different reception and are way more likely to be heard. Anyway, that's my take on things.
You upgraded, so you lose. If you're not using an original nes that you hacked into a phone with an arduino you're a fraud!
Those are what we call, 'morons.' BLM isn't solved by changing our economic system, but true believers think it's the answer to everything.
My only goal is to mock the purity tests. Whatever makes you happy is the right answer. Ignore everything else. :)
(it's the internet, no one knows the truth, just tell everyone you're monk or something, I won't tell) :)
Jfc
Hang a gutter between them that drains to one side. Don't try to seal it up, just redirect the water.
If you're going to pay it off in 1 year either way, your monthly payments won't change much if you refinance. You either overpay now to pay it off quickly, or you refinance with a 1 year term and the monthly payment will be about the same as what you're overpaying. Unless there's a huge change in interest rates, it won't matter much. Unless I misunderstood your question.
Potentially, sure. There's no reason this won't happen since cars get faster at an impressive rate. And now that EVs are going mainstream, the old limitations caused by Ice engines are out the window But if it gets to the point of physical danger to occupants, it'll be artificially limited to a predetermined safe level. And when a majority of cars reach that point, acceleration won't be considered an important factor in performance since they'll all be the same. No one talks about seat belts as a selling point anymore because all cars have them.
There's probably a good reason it was abandoned in the first place. So unless you want to relearn what someone before you already figured out, and want to spend an unknown amount of money relearning it, then by all means try to change it. But if it isn't causing problems and you don't need it, keeping it as-is would be the safest bet.
Ok, but that doesn't negate anything I said about what happens when you reach the safe acceleration limit.
A non-working window well would probably raise more concerns than anything. I think it would decrease value.
I'm talking about what happens when you reach unsafe acceleration. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
Yes, that's the safer way to go. I would keep the lower payment loan just to be safe.
A few feet of gutter with water isn't going to weigh much. And if it breaks, it's not going to be a catastrophe, just a gutter falling 6 feet to the ground. The structure looks plenty sound for a bunch of ways to mount it, including metal strapping screwed straight through the metal roofing. Unless he's trying to weather a severe thunderstorm in a couple of gazebos, there's really not a lot of risk here.
Lol, you really are spoiling for a fight.
What happened to that guy? I haven't played much pcars 1 or 2.
Not intentionally, I was just having a conversation. If you felt insulted, that wasn't my intention. But I am also a teensie bit curious to see how hard you'll try to get under my skin. It's reddit and fights can be had anywhere, so I'm not sure why I'm so interesting.
OP wants cheap outdoor space, so I see a simple, imperfect solution as appropriate for that goal. If you disagree, then we've given OP two different perspectives and he/she can choose.
So the issue came to a head and is being resolved. Seems like this thread is calling for action that's already being taken. We're now talking for the sake of talking.
This is called pay for performance and if done correctly it makes athletes perform way better. If done incorrectly, it skews their incentives and they start to act weird. Like if you fine a QB for throwing interceptions, he'll start to throw the ball far less than he should. But here, it seems to have worked quite well.
Those are very different sized planes. Wow.
Came here to ask this. You need to normalize calculations like this over packages shipped or in this case, dollars spent (though I think packages is the better metric to use).
I was more thinking the materials. Zip ties are nylon so I wouldn't expect them to grip at all on a steel pulley even with tension. But hey, I've been wrong before and this is a good tip to know in an emergency.
Bug deflector XTREME
I appreciate the real-world perspective. I couldn't understand why they were so popular at first. I eventually got good enough with the car to beat the race pretty easily (even if I spent a few rounds spinning the AIs that had spun me previously...bastards). Someone's comment about 'it's not a precise machine' made it a lot easier. Throwing it around instead of trying to precisely hit apex's meant I wasn't pointing the nose somewhere the rear wasn't headed, which helped a lot. Not sure I want to learn all of them in the game at this point, but your comment gives me some encouragement that it can be done. Usually as I run out of things to do I come around to the challenges I previously swore off, so stayed tuned: maybe I'll sing the cars' praises in another year.
It's easy to let perfection stand in the way of progress. And it's even easier to use it as an excuse not to get involved.
.... It's a little odd that you want them to change to be palatable to your tastes. &amp;#x200B; I mean, all movements have extreme members. If you require uniform temperance from all movements, you'll never find one you like, or the one you like won't have any impact. That's just not the nature of movements. If you believe in the substance but think some aspects are too extreme, then better to get involved and shape the outcome, no?
&gt; But to say that it’s only a minority of them who support this looting and burning and the whole “you’re with us or against us” agenda, is a gross understatement. Why? I live in a major city, just blocks from where both marches and looting occured. The marches were huge and extremely peaceful. The looting only targeted businesses (not people, the number of people who asked me if I was safe felt totally inappropriate - it's not like there were racial kill squads roaming around). And the looting was definitely not indicative of the overall movement, and has died down since the first two weeks. It was opportunists, not BLM leadership.
It's the free market in action. Make of that what you will.
Are you a T\_D refugee? Sad.
I'm not the gatekeeper here, but it looks like you'll need to have something to talk about that isn't meme trolling bullshit for anyone to take you seriously.
More like forming an in informed opinion about anything at all. Good luck!
The phased approach worked well then. They were able to be removed without any backlash, which is perfect. Now they just wink out of existence with barely anyone noticing or caring, as is appropriate. This will be news for 1 day. If they had been banned in 2017 it would have been a week of bullshit and Reddit would have caved and allowed them to stay forever.
They became weak enough to ban with little backlash. The plan worked well.
Companies do this when they want people to quit. If you go to the new location, there's a decent chance that you'll be fired within the first year. I wouldn't go if I were you, unless you have your position guaranteed for at least a year in writing. That being said, coronavirus is tough , so if you don't think you can find a new job right now, following your company to remain employed for a few more months might be worth it.
Nah, it's not your logic that's the problem. By not standing with any side, you never contribute to progress in any direction. And by slowing progress, you naturally benefit conservatives. It's not that either side hates you, it's that you're of minimal use, though slightly more useful to the right.
So just because they don't support discrimination against minorities you automatically assume that means they support discrimination against the majority? Are you just looking for reasons to be upset? I often can't tell if centrism is an enlightened position that combines the best of all views or if it's just an allergic reaction to anyone doing anything at all.
So you're not a fan of the right. What's your criticism of the left?
The 6200 in Tulsa are the best evidence I've seen of cooling Trump mania. The dude could always pull a crowd before. Something has changed.
Huh odd. they've left up worse in the past.
I agree with your positions, but I don't think direct handouts are what the democratic platform is proposing. I think it is more along the lines of investing in communities, creating job training, etc. So I think your disgust is directed more at the attitudes and talking points of a certain portion of the left, but it's not a fair critique of the actual policy proposals. It seems like you should vote Democrat in the next election if you're serious about your descriptions of policies to support equality.
I reread the policy trying to understand it the way you describe, and you're right, it's written horribly and makes very little sense. The reason I disagreed is because my initial reading of the policy was different from yours. To me, it doesn't allow for hate speech against the majority, as it bans all hate speech based on identity, etc. When they wrote majority, I believe they were trying to codify how to deal with unequal power dynamics. It's not saying that if you're in the majority, it's open season on your identity, I think it means that if you're participating in a power dynamic where you are part of a larger group trying to discriminate against a smaller group, your identity won't prevent you from being banned for it. It means that a majority-minority subreddit can be banned for participating in hate speech because they've created a hostile space to other identities, and their overall identity as 'a minority' in greater society won't save them from a ban. That's how I read it and understand it. Now, that doesn't mean I'm right and you're wrong. TBH, private companies are HORRIBLE with diversity and inclusion policies because they are extremely hard to define well, and most companies exist to produce a product, not focus on diversity, so they do it clumsily. A big part of that is that our society simply lacks a common vocabulary to discuss these issues. Trying to talk about them is simply awkward, and writing policies around them is even harder. So while I'm giving Reddit a pass on this one because I believe their intentions are not to be discriminatory to white people, the vague way they wrote it means there is a chance I'm wrong. Only time will tell what exactly they meant by that, and whether my interpretation (or yours) is correct. They could also rewrite it in two weeks once they realize they were too vague in this case. We'll see.
Here's my reply elsewhere that covers the same thing. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.reddit.com/r/centrist/comments/hi5vg2/what\_do\_you\_all\_think\_of\_this\_mornings\_ban\_wave/fwi5qnk/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/centrist/comments/hi5vg2/what_do_you_all_think_of_this_mornings_ban_wave/fwi5qnk/?context=3)
I disagree that we're acting more racist, but I am confused why your post was taken down. I didn't see it as bothersome by itself. Maybe you've been spamming the subreddit? They've been sensitive to that as lots of people try it. I haven't been around much lately so I wouldn't know just by looking at your username.
Yeah, that makes sense. Being in the center of a blue town in a blue state can be super annoying, but that's the case with any bubble. There's a super liberal and wealthy area near me that's always a hoot to drive through, but I figure they're at least trying to be better toward others, so I forgive them for being clumsy (though I don't blame you for hating when others speak for you). But on that note, I think it's worth discussing. I often find myself in spaces where there isn't a POC and topics and opinions come up that just grate my nerves. I find it incredibly uncomfortable to speak for another group, but I also find myself compelled to challenge some of that incredibly stupid things that my peers will say when POC aren't around. The thing is, it's not even overtly racist, but extremely ignorant of other perspectives and experiences. It kills me when the conversation goes like this: "What's the big deal with police? I just act respectfully and never have trouble with the cops. I've been pulled over and it's always fine. Why can't they just hand over their ID and be polite? What's the big deal, anyway?" Like, how do I not challenge that? At the very least, how can I pass over the opportunity to point out that if being polite was the secret sauce to ending police brutality, that such a simple idea would have, you know, BEEN TRIED ALREADY!? I can't say what the experience of a POC \*is\*, but I can certainly give examples of ways \*in which it is different.\* So I'm probably one of those liberals who you dislike because I try to introduce diverse perspectives on topics when POC aren't there to speak for themselves. I just find it so irritating when, for lack of a better term, 'the white perspective' is seen as the universal experience and other races or groups must just be 'irrational and emotional' because they complain about things 'that just never happen (to a white person)." So how do I navigate that? Should I just let it be said as if it's the objective truth and allow such asinine opinions to circulate and inform how people vote?
I want to drive the pole car. I would aim for things.
Am I the only one that has a fine time driving in S lobbies so long as I'm a bit defensive? It was hell getting here, but I'd rather lose a race than lose points and wind up in lower lobbies again. If imperfect, it still excludes crap drivers from the safer lobbies.
I mean, electric motors have rotors so I'd say this is legit. And as far as naming motors after people, Tesla is objectively better than Wankel.
Maybe, just maybe, people aren't just signalling, but behaving in accordance with their beliefs, and by thinking it's simply a matter of signalling rather than character other people can see right through it? Is that just too hard to understand?
Nono, they fart rainbows and poop kittens. Let's not hide from biological science here.
My friends live in the distant suburbs and showed me their community fb page where people claimed that "they're going to bus in Chicagoans to loot our town." No one wants your shitty "rugged" decor of painted wood signs and furniture made of wagon wheels. The city doesn't know about, much less care about, your existence.
Nah, this sub is pretty good. Stick around, the experience here is better than any other political sub.
