When Knights fans kept calling us rivals with them, I would tell them they have no fucking business being in the same breath as the Sharks, Ducks or even Coyotes. This is a perfect example of why,.
&gt; iIf you freaks **don't** vote Sockeyes I swear to god... FTFY. The word play and imagining a Gritty level salmon mascot really gets me going.
Personally I also sorta hope you guys blow us out because then maybe it will drive home that we need to liquidate players and start a complete rebuild.
Didn’t stop the servants of Kings to become a team.
Lol are you dense? This whole thing blew up because Trump asked for that and then in the end, Flynn got leniency but in return for cooperation in the investigation AGAINST Trump. And the ONLY reason he asked for leniency for Flynn is to cover for his own ass crimes. 5d Chess? Dude can’t even play tic tac toe with having the marker explode in his hands.
Except the whole reason he asked for leniency in the first place was to cool the investigation flames into Trump’s own crimes. Except all it did was throw gasoline onto the fire. Dude could not have played all of this worse.
The slightly longer answer is that even though he’s an alt right charlatan, he’s still a lawyer. Notice every single lawyer is either cooperating, recusing themselves, or testifying. He knows enough to not stick his dick in the honey hole as soon as he got a look inside.
Not only in the housing market but also public schooling. Property tax was the major funding for public schools and all of a sudden they had to find new funds when prop 13 passed.
Even the republicans at the time begged people not to vote yes. Should tell you something. Fuck Howard Jarvis.
We DON'T base our school funding off local property. Only 20% is currently because of Prop 13. It used to be over 50%. The fact that we don't have nearly as much funding for public schools as we should is the problem. Prop 13 is the root and source of that problem. Then there are hundreds of ways to fix the distribution of said local property tax funds that have worked in countless other countries and states. Also, how isn't that the case now? Rich people take their kids out of public schools and into charter/private schools and poor kids go to public schools who don't even have enough money for pencils and paper? You don't think Prop 13 is the cause of the problem: School rank: 1965 - 5th 1978 - 14th (year Prop 13 was passed) 1979 - 22nd 2010 - 43rd And today we're still below the national average.
&gt; Prop 13 also ensures property tax is lower for new homebuyers as well. It caps it to 1% of the purchase price. They're just paying a percentage of the higher home cost vs the cost of a home 10+ years ago. The present value of cash disagrees with you. And the entire price of the home is completely fucked to begin with because of Prop 13. &gt; No one should have to leave the place they have lived for decades due to market factors outside of their control. Why? Factories close, natural disasters happen etc. Why shouldn't someone pay their fair share because they've lived there long? I know it will probably never be voted down completely. But having more than 1 residence getting the tax savings and also inheriting the tax rate should be removed. Also, businesses should be completely take out of the equation for tax savings.
The aging parents / grandparents thing is straight up propaganda that was basically the lynchpin of the campaign when Howard Jarvis was trying to get Prop 13 passed back in 1978. Stop repeating it. It's a false narrative. It wouldn't have happened in any meaningful way then and it wouldn't now.
What are the best lazy ass couch dogs?
How is it unsustainable?
My importantly, the RNC Finance Chairman. A lot of Republicans are stressed right now.
If they had this design as a chronograph, I'd find it near impossible to not pull the trigger. I've always had my eyes on these guys and they do a wonderful job. That bracelet is amazing.
Russian bots and alt right shitheads upset that they are being deplatformed.
This thread is being brigaded so hard it's hilarious.
RemindMe! 7 months so I can check in with you to see if i should draft Derrick Henry.
You mean expensive to manufacture, maintain, or both? I wanted my next watch to be a chronograph but not sure if it's going to be a pain to maintain.
I'm thinking about starting him over Rivers against BAL.
There were a bunch of other twitter breakdowns, but this is the correct answer. Billy Boi planned their whole defense around taking Thielen out of the game. Here's an example: https://twitter.com/BaldyNFL/status/1070771415467679744 There are a few others but I can't find them right now. Now all the other DCs and coaches are literally copying the d-scheme for him and phasing him out.
I'd say the majority of Mixon owners got Gio as the handcuff. You could then argue that Mixon would have got about or more of the points Gio did for those two games Mixon was out. That takes him above James Connor even from RB9 to RB6 in my leasgue.
That’s what a lot of espionage is though: getting leverage and applying pressure so they do what you want. Personally I think the peepee tape is only the tip of the iceberg on how much shit Putin has on Trump.
It all depends on the project. The whole occupation needs a terminology overhaul for accuracy. Financial producer, line producer, creative producer, exec, associate, etc.
I mean, the Steele Dossier...which over time has been proven to be more and more true.
That’s my point with it being the tip of the iceberg. I assume Trump owes all of his current wealth to Putin and in exchange for reversing the Magnitsky act and other sanctions, he was going to keep it a secret and more.
I mean he was still an RB1 / RB2 for the season. Not even close to bust like Fornette or Bell.
You broke after 1 time? “It” didn’t work because you didn’t follow through.
You know you can just edit the text right? Unless it was in the headline.
Probably not.
You can also be a role model during the year and explain to them that Christmas is a meritocracy and if you behave badly, you don’t get rewarded.
Shoulda found some Fortnite wrapping paper to get his hopes up.
The difference is that the parents do not enforce it. This would be an Uncle or Aunt enforcing it.
RemindMe! 24 hours
Awesome, thanks man! Where was it linked?
Welp, I think the hype train died on the tracks.
Uh, have you looked at the stock market lately. In LA, October was the first month in like 7 years that housing prices took a dip. We’re in the precipice of another recession.
They’re dropping in Los Angeles. Marginally but they are. With all the stock market drops, it seems like we’re on the edge of the cliff.
What’s the angle on this issue though? Why would TP and the Kochs want turnover in the gov’t? I’m a progressive and even I’m in support of this at least on the top level. Diane Feinstein is almost 90 years old and is married to a billionaire. She doesn’t know what it’s like to be a common citizen anymore, maybe ever. It doesn’t feel like she has my best interest in mind. On the flip side, are republicans easier to just give talking points / marching orders so turnover would send the Democrat party into disarray? Are the Koch’s trying to homogenize politics like pop music where everything just sounds the same and the industry can just push whoever is convenient for them? Seems like an odd stance for them given their history with old rich white good old boy fucks
Did this sub get new mods or something? I thought any talk of corporations being bad was the antithesis of libertarianism?
But...doesn’t that go against what libertarians believe? If it’s not the gov’t regulating corporations, then who is?
The Republican Party in the 50’s is basically what the Democrats are now. The tax rate for the top bracket was 70% for crying out loud.
I’m new to the game and just got sunshot. Is it bad?
Either super easy or super cheesy and frustrating.
I found that using snake or ness and just launching the controllable specials does the trick
As others have pointed out, he might have been better than the previous writers, but that whole run is pretty trash relative to now. The way it treats women and the whole Hand arc is so stupid and hackey. I mean, it was so stupid it sparked a satire called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
I honestly think it’s really bad.
Thanks Gov Reagan!
Wow. This used to be more of an urban legend, but apparently it's becoming a common practice for cities: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2017/dec/20/bussed-out-america-moves-homeless-people-country-study
Lol then nothing would stop them from sending them back or others to us. Your worldview is myopic. We need to fix the actual problem of homlessness, which is housing and mental health.
Those are not the root causes at all.
Most of the housing is luxury apartments, single family homes, or investment condos that have no intention of even going on the market in los angeles (opening up in china or other asian countries).
I love how you use mental gymnastics like they used to in the south for black people.
You are separating the same population based on who you deem worthy of help based on your own subjective distinctions that have no fact based qualifications. You have no actual insights into the homeless problem other than ship them out of town. You are ignorant.
If I already didn't have a Tudor Bronze blue, I would be all over this.
No, we're spending billions of tax dollars to treat the mentally disabled in mental institutions, rehabilitating those that are able to contribute to society, and then lower housing costs / create affordable housing across the board.
Oh sorry for the miscommunication, I actually was just commenting about the practice as a whole across the US. A few years ago, it was basically understood that this practice didn't occur that much anywhere in the US. But apparently Guardian did an investigation and it's pretty prevalent now. I wasn't really commenting on the specifics of what city was sending where. But I appreciate the clarification.
I got the fantasy name “big hairy Wieters” out of it, so it’s a big win in my book.
I love that people for California are moving to Texas in droves. I hope it slowly changes the culture there.
&gt;2ish years That's a pretty positive outlook. Personally, If they don't start a complete rebuild this season or next I say 4 years. If they still keep playing this no mans land where they believe they are contenders but not, it will take 10.
You also remember that those Hart and Norris noms, we got swept by the Knights because we couldn't score at all. Also to mention Kopi and Doughty are/will be on the wrong side of 30 next year and those long term contracts become a liability the longer you hold onto them. So we're effectively playing chicken with those contracts. Also, I just realized that you were the person I was DM'ing with about this exact issue. I'll just leave the comment up for posterity so other people can read.
Also, the only reason why we weren't down more than 1 goal was because Quick was playing out of his god damn mind.
10am PST is what everyone else is saying.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, shame on both of us.
Did they also push it out a day too? Or did they just take 1 day off?
Just go look at any post in this sub regarding homeless people. Comments with a lot of upvotes saying to "ship all the bums and drug addicts" to another city. The only problem that solves is their own problem of having to see or deal with the homeless problem, which is exactly what they want. They don't actually care about homeless people, they just want it out of their bubble.
Do you feel personally attacked as a rich NIMBY asshole who opposes anything other than single family zoning in your neighborhood and will fight tooth and nail if they raise your property taxes 1 penny? If not, you are just a regular rich person, not the rich assholes he's talking about. If so, then yes, you are a rich asshole.
Yeah, in the end he's probably just a middleman who got undercut by another middleman.
Yup mailed in weeks ago. Yes on EE.
Good. We should be thinking about 3-5 seasons from now. We are not going to be good for the next few years.
To be fair, you can say the same thing about almost all collectable or luxury items. Watch collecting is just as pedantic as comic book, magic card, or star wars memorabilia while also as being ostentatious / pretentious as wearing a lot of jewelry or driving a fancy car (a watch is effectively jewelry for men). Even though you can create a precious gems in a lab, there is perceived value with having a "genuine" one over a lab created one similar to why people want to own an original black lotus card over a copy. I avoided using diamonds in the example since they aren't actually rare or worth anything for scarcity, but for marketing and supply control.
I guarantee it doesn't play the part. A watch like this is COSC certified which means that it is loses no more than -4/+6 seconds a day. It's pretty common for these fakes to gain/lose minutes a day. I have a cosc certified watch and it only loses a second a week. The fake would be 5 minutes off in a week. Also, I would wager that in 10 years you might be throwing the replica in the trash because it a) is breaking down because it's a weird original franken movement built to trick the eye not for actual durability / performance and b) no one can work on it because they aren't familiar with the movement / don't want to work on fakes.
To be fair, outside of Rolexes, I never get comments on my watches at all. My friends wearing their Nixon, Shinola, or fashion quartz watches get way more complements from random people than my Omega, Tudor, or even my Rolex really.
Personally I think Hamilton has more models in my style in the same price range as Tissot, but it's more a personal taste thing. Visodate is real nice.
My point was that you’re not wearing the “same” watch. One is designed for durability and precision that will last hundreds of years and the other is far far inferior. The cost of the real Rolex is part marketing, but they are actually amazing pieces of machinery.
Like I was saying in another comment. It's all pedantic like any collecting (comics, magic cards, baseball cards etc) and ostentatious (jewelry, cars) like any luxury item. At the end of the day you can have an original Shelby Cobra for $50k or a kit car Cobra built brand new for like $10-20k. They both look the same and arguably drive the same, but one is a collectors item with lots of resale value that make rich assholes' pee pees tingle and one is a fun car that goes vroom vroom. Or you can just buy a used 1999 honda civic for like 2 grand and it will get you from point a to point b.
Also when I’m dropping, I want a ping that says “I’m looting here” instead of telling my teammates we should all go there. Helps convey you should split off.
The new meta of the elite queue slows things down a lot around 6-8 squads left.
I mean, it’s entirely possible that two people can come up with the same idea.
How to you solve it through health / shield? Like give full shields and health when you loot a box?
Ah didn’t realize if you held down the menu another omg was available for drop master.
But I assume now the rate is set and they can only raise it a small percentage?
Love to see some sources. But then again, seems all you have in anecdotal evidence.
I'm not saying either way. You are telling people that it doesn't help and only offering your anecdotal evidence on a far reaching and complicated issue. The onus is on your to provide any sort of proof outside of you talking out of your ass.
In Los Angeles it's only 3% increase so it's awesome. But not having rent control is a huge problem, even with the 10%. It will be better in the long run for people.
They also did pretty much every single awesome video game cinematic for the last 20 years. Also one of the heads is Tim Miller, director of Deadpool and the new Terminator movie. They also produced and developed Love Death and Robots. They also did random stuff like the title sequence to the American version of Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
Will someone throw a milkshake at this motherfucker?
This is probably the biggest loss to our org.
People still acting like if we just add Duchene and Panarin we'll magically be a stanley cup team again. Even if that was possible (it ain't), we don't have the depth to go deep in the playoffs.
I'd be content with selling Toffoli for prospects and picks.
Elon Musk shot me into space in his Tesla.
Vote them out in primaries. Anyone over 75 needs to go.
Fuck. That long? I’ve been here much longer than 8 years too.
When I ask people do to so, then they land in the same spot as me, they steal the loot right in front of me, and then I get mad they always respond IT'S JUST A GAME BRO CALM DOWN.
I think the more interesting question is who we take at 22.
In reality, the soonest it will be is 2023 and that's only if things play out best case scenario.
Third partying has instilled the fear in most.
It’s actually true.
Then don’t play elite. It’s that simple.
Pretty easy solution: don’t play elite then. Kills isn’t the point of the game, winning is.
How has it made regular queue worse? Good players win. It’s that simple. Sorry you don’t understand the point of this game is to win, not get kills.
As the father of a 1 year old who used to have no problem sleeping in past noon, this is the child’s fault. I recently woke up wide awake every morning at 7am on a Vegas trip with my mates even though I went to sleep at 3am. My internal clock is just fucked now.
Lol using quillette as a source who just got busted for publishing bunk ass stories with no vetting.
Quillette just got busted publishing non vetted stories for the purpose of propaganda. They are not a news source at all.
Yeah, it's hard to judge based on a dogshit situation. I probably would have preferred Eakins over Todd the Bod just for the sake of relatively new blood. That being said, both of our situations seem pretty dogshit currently too.
Nawww.
Learn to enjoy the hate. The only thing worse than hate is pity / irrelevance.
Personally i want him to go the opposite way for one year and go full chrome helmet like a real suit of armor.
I pray to god we trade Toff to a contender for picks/prospects at the deadline
Really? They are always faster for me.
True that. I think the only other team people hate more than the Yankees/Red Sox are the Cards.
You should edit this comment to let people know that it's complete bullshit: https://www.reddit.com/r/badscience/comments/aj0idr/debunking_90_of_landbased_plastics_comes_from_10/
Eh, the voice acting in English is grating to me.
Every time I get bummed out about the Kings (like falling to 5th in the draft), I go look at the Game 7 2014 post game thread from your sub. Or even better, the game 3 post game thread.
Makes me think these are marketing posts.
Welcome to the club.
I honestly hope they gut the team. Half assing this rebuild will lead to a longer time period of being mediocre or worse. If they trade Kopi / Doughty for Multiple firsts each or blue chip prospects, it would be worth it.
This is a sign that they are going to make some big changes that hurt so we can be good sooner (3 years) rather than later (6+ years). At least I hope so.
That Tatar trade was fucking awful. And we should know, we had like 3 deadline trades in a row that were awful.
After reading [this](https://www.nhl.com/kings/fans/our-team), Quick, Carter, and Martinez are shipped for picks / prospects. Also, BOLD move is that we trade Kopi or Doughty.
Yeah, if we got 2 1st rounders for each (4 total) and maybe some prospects I think it would be a worthy haul.
Yeah, that’s delusional.
Don’t worry, we won’t be good the next 2 seasons.
Hell yeah.
Uh, I’d love to know more.
There is no scenario where we are in the playoffs in the next 2 seasons.
I guarantee we won’t make the playoffs in the next two seasons unless Blake pulls some truly magical shit.
Why eww?
A lot of the knocks on him is that he doesn’t use his size well and he’s not aggressive. So I don’t think you’re going to get help on the physical end.
What’s wrong with Pronman?
Kings were high on him too. They would have taken him at 5.
Which way?
Send the boy to Germany for his Peyton Manning / Kobe magic stem cell injections.
RemindMe! 2 years
Kings might!
He’s the best stay at home defensemen in the draft. He’s a Willie Mitchell type.
Weird trade. Maybe there’s a handshake deal for something else down the line.
Hockey news is pretty trash now.
This is payback for that goal that bounced off the crowd netting, onto Quick’s back, then into the goal, and it was allowed. I think it was 2013.
I think it was pretty unanimous that Caufield had the best shot. In fact, the rub on Arthur is that his shot doesn’t even look that pretty, it just seems to go in all the time, almost as though it’s unexplainable. He doesn’t pick corners or have a super fast release, it just finds its way in. In light of this post, we now have proof that he is the Anti-Christ, born of Satan’s seed in order to begin the End Days and score greasy goals in the OHL.
Fuck. It’s been a long as time on this bad website.
Considering we got Turcotte because of this, thank fucking god Vancouver.
Dean Lombardi and Stan Bowman are cut from the same cloth.
Shocking the Kings aren't on this list. I guess we didn't go for UFAs, we just gave up 1st round picks for 1/4 of a season for a flat Kris Versteeg.
On all the reports it seems like the scouts couldn't explain why most of his shots went in. Like his shot is good but not great like Carter or Toffoli, but it seems to just go into the net. I think this is just a really good hockey sense, which is probably the most difficult to teach. Consistently being in the right place in the right time is one of the best skills to have.
And an honorary fuck you to Dave Bolland for the head hunting hit on Richards in the WCF who didn't even get a penalty out of it. So fuck the NHL too for not punishing Bolland. That hit was literally the decline of Richards' career.
Generally speaking, the hit rate on straight UFAs being 'worth it' is pretty low. Especially ones that are on the wrong side of 30.
Still can't believe Lewis is still on the team.
Maybe..Villardi? /cries into hands
Which one of the picks is the one below WAR? Turcotte is the highest rightest, but which of the other 3 on the right side of the Y axis are Fagemo, Bjornfoot and Kaliyev?
I think all the talk was between Dach, Byram, and Cozens because no one thought that Turcotte would make it to 5. We'll see in the next few years, but personally Turcotte seems like a special player with the 'juice' to win where Dach seems like a great player but more in the mold of our old style. I personally like that the Kings are going against what has been the norm for the last decade. I mean, when was the last time we got an A ranking for our draft? 2008?
So by this, Fagemo is more likely to make it to the NHL than Turcotte?
Los Angeles probably isn't going to make the playoffs in the Pacific, let alone the Pacific AND the Central.
The Yak Slide was against the Kings right?
Glad we can be a part of history.
On average, most hockey players come from upper middle class families. Not necessarily FILTHY rich, but definitely not like NBA or NFL players. It's usually dependent on having a stay at home mom to take you and your brothers to every practice / game at weird ass times.
It's pretty infuriating that even after the Luc letter saying that they are focusing on the future and not the present, people still think we're trying to be competitive next season.
Cheers to this man. Beat that drum, as I will any time I see a post like this.
Just look at how Hossa retired. Fuckin skin rash and he got to go on LTIR.
He literally admitted it you red pill loser.
They would still make an emergency landing at the closest airport though right?
When you hate women so much you don’t even believe it when the man himself confesses. The mental gymnastics you guys pull off is truly impressive.
I agree it’s criminal to make false allegations. I’m not defending them at all. However you are defending a guy who literally admitted himself to sexually harassing many women he worked with...while he was married with kids.
Tracy probably did this whole thing “accidentally” but really on purpose to force the separation. I bet the husband has been saying he’ll leave his wife for a long time and she is just forcing his hand now.
Can someone tell me WHY they do they byes the way they do? Like, why not just start week 6 and have 4 teams a week on bye? Why this 2 teams and 6 teams randomly?
Came back. Sort of a wash especially because I won my ship because Kamara went off in week 16. Otherwise, he was a disappointment.
People above you are most likely from a red state who have never been to California. As someone from LA, the base problem is housing supply. Everything can be traced back to that. But just like the homeless problem, no one wants multifamily buildings / apartment buildings in their own neighborhood (like no one wants homeless facilities near where they live). They are forcing EVERY neighborhood in LA to build way more housing, but the wealthy neighborhoods will lobby or just lawyer to water down their own requirements eventually. And you can trace back all the housing problems with the city council. They are basically all trash and should be replaced. Also Prop 13. That should be repealed at least for non primary residences and commercial property.
They need to repeal Prop 13 for non-primary residences and commercial property. Probably should get rid of the ability to inherit the tax rate as well, but baby steps.
The real problem is developers don't want to build affordable housing. They only want to build luxury units. The city council members are bribed by or lawyered to death by those developers. The citizens also then vote in those dogshit city council members because they don't want affordable housing built in their own neighborhoods because they are NIMBY scum.
They won without Rasmus Kupari too.
There’s like 12 fire emblem characters and that franchise is probably not even in the top 100 video game franchises as far as world wide recognition. Mario is like number 1 basically.
[Believe it or not, this is the same girl who did this old chestnut / gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knlJBy1eHyw)
I’ve been with my wife for 15 years and she’s only accidentally or in her sleep farted in front of me. I let em rip. Her family has a lot of poop and bodily function shame.
Starve the beast is what that is called.
But what about the one that has roast beef. I always thought that was weird.
Commodities don't react to daily dogshit like this you autist.
Okay, let's not do Socialism, lets do what Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are doing without the monarchy.
I'm sure we can figure something out given our circumstances. Seems to be working well for our neighbors up north who have a very diverse population as well. Also, sounds like you're a racist piece of shit!
Pls go spew your dogshit to someone who cares. All you talking points are the same tired fox news talking points repeated over and over by Russian bot farms.
I’m not arguing or wasting my time debating a racist twat. Fuck off loser.
Go onto a landlord message board. This depiction isn’t far from the truth.
If these were Star Wars movies, the toxic fans would call these all flops.
Seems like this guy has a whole business around it.
I mean, this guy seems to be making a lot of product. So I assume he's found quite the niche.
I think his market is probably mostly cosplayers and stage plays.
Illinois isn’t even in the top 10 anymore. Look at all those red states that are...red: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_homicide_rate
I've been pounding this drum mostly to the horror of this sub, but I still think if we can get high end picks Kopi and Doughty should be made available as well. The kids aren't going to be in their prime for 3-5 more years and by that time they could be an insane liability with how large their contracts are. We aren't winning a cup in the next few years, so why not offload them when we can get a high price for them?
I have been pounding the rebuild drum since 2015 and definitely 2016. Seems a lot harder for people to pull the band aid off than most.
Lombardi was always great with never having a no-movement clause in contracts with the understanding that they wouldn't be traded into a bad situation. Obvi, Dean had some problems later on but I think if he would have sold instead of bought, he would still be our GM.
I'm not concerned for right now, I'm concerned for when Turcotte, Kaliyev, etc are all firing and we could potentially just be wasting prime years and be in an even worse position to offload the old guys' contracts. Looking forward 3 years, the only logical part of me sees the need to get Kopi and Doughty off the books ASAP.
I agree to a certain extent, but there are plenty of vets that are more reasonably priced you can bring in to do the exact same thing.
Woof. I have a bridge to sell you if you think we could compete for a cup in 2021 or 2022.
RemindMe! 4 years
Well, it will be even more crippling when Kopi and Doughty are both bottom line players making 11m a year.
Since 3rd grade actually!
Personally, I think their big gamble was self driving cars just being on the horizon. I think they need them to be readily available in 5 years but 15 is probably more realistic.
In the 3rd quarter they announced they lost over $5 billion. So this is some shady shit: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-uber-results/uber-loses-5-billion-misses-wall-street-targets-despite-easing-price-war-idUSKCN1UY2NG
It was only that cheap because it was being subsidized by investors in order to kill competition. It wasn't a real price.
It is society's responsibility to take care of it's lowest if you don't want them on the streets etc. Regardless of personal choice, genetics or circumstance. Otherwise, you're just going to get people passing the buck from city to city and neighborhood to neighborhood.
No they don't. Only around 1/3 of homeless have substance problems.
They aren't trying to save them all. They are trying to save as many as possible in the most efficient way. But there is no efficient way when every neighborhood wants to pass the buck. See here: https://la.curbed.com/2020/1/10/21060592/los-feliz-homeless-bridge-shelter-riverside-lawsuit It also happened in Anaheim too when they wanted to clear the encampment from the bike path when they were finally exposed, they cleaned it all up. But then every single neighborhood sued or lobbied to get the temp homeless shelter's out of the their neighborhood. And then guess what their solution was? Let them back onto the back path. https://laist.com/2018/09/11/the_court_case_that_forced_oc_to_stop_ignoring_its_homeless.php Your global comment is deflection bullshit. I agree results are important, but in order to truly get results we have to give the local government the ability to ignore bullshit lawsuits like the ones above. But then you'd have republicans crying out communism.
You know your own anecdotal evidence isn't a citation either right? https://nationalhomeless.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Substance-Abuse-and-Homelessness.pdf &gt; 38% of homeless people were dependent on alcohol and26% abused other drugs I would rather live next to a homeless encampment than next to NIMBY dehumanizing scum like you.
Practically speaking, with regulations etc with it, it probably won't be prevalent in society for 10-15 years probably.
&gt; https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2019-10-07/homeless-population-mental-illness-disability 46% with substance says that source. But it also doesn't say who started off with substance problems or who began using once they became homeless which is a huge difference on "why" they are homeless. I would probably be doing drugs if i was on the street too. &gt; The Times found that 50% of unsheltered people had two disabilities at the same time and 26% had three all at once — a condition known as tri-morbidity. Especially if I had multiple disabilities.
I do. And so should everyone. They are literally paying money now, so they can gouge you on prices when they are the only monopoly later. That's why doofus. You should also care because their "employees" can't make a living wage.
&gt; The Times found that 50% of unsheltered people had two disabilities at the same time and 26% had three all at once — a condition known as tri-morbidity. These people need long term care not just to be moved to another city / neighborhood where the problem's cycle starts all over again. Here's a good thread from Nithya Raman who is running for city council: https://twitter.com/nithyavraman/status/1216815059977981952
Literally the whole HHH funding is backboned that they will have to attend mental health and drug addiction counseling, some of them built INTO the housing. There have already been stories of people being kicked out because they relapsed. So fuck off.
That's a straight up lie. Permanent housing literally has the best success rate for rehabilitating homeless people...hence why they are doing it. The execution isn't the problem. There will be people who do not get rehabilitated. The problem is we aren't building fast enough. Eat shit you NIMBY scum.
Lol you’re the biggest loser I’ve been ever read on this website.
There literally wasn’t a distinction before as far as labor went. You’re a clown.
I can but in the 1800’s they did not.
I’m a person in LA and I don’t want to ship homeless people out so you must be wrong. See anecdotal bullshit works both ways
Lol. You know boomers are the centrists / conservatives right?
They will literally just be sent back eventually.
You have officially become incomprehensible.
What? I literally volunteer at a homeless shelter every weekend.
I have given people a place to stay in my extra room yes.
It's what happens when you limit your potential job hire to less than 10% of the replacement (i.e. french speaking).
This.
You said no one is ever “forced” to work for Uber. But it’s a relatively easy entry point for people to make money and in an economy of gross income inequality unseen since the gilded age, people are forced by circumstance to make any money they can. Similar to the last gilded age when children were forced to work in factories instead of going to school in order to help their families...until laws were changed and they passed child labor laws. Just like how now they are passing laws to protect gig economy workers. Sorry if you can’t follow.
Almost all Uber drivers do see it as a long term full time job, a temporary means to an end, or part time way to make cash. Almost all of them are increasingly fed up with the experience of working as an Uber or Lyft driver. And that’s my point. There’s plenty of intelligent people who are forced into dire circumstances in this income inequality economy. I don’t want to rob them of their option. I want to force these companies to pay full time wages while skirting employment laws through “freelance” or “gig” loopholes. Go lick some more boot, bootlicker.
Listen dude, we’ve been dancing all night. Are we gonna meet up and fuck or what?
If Looney Tunes took place in a pussy.
The small step would be to remove it from businesses first and then second, from non-primary residences. That's would curb a LOT of the actual problem. Wilshire country club should be paying close to $100m a year in property taxes, but they only pay around $200k because of prop 13. If prop 13 commercial was repealed, that would immediately make that golf course unaffordable and that land would be free to develop into more housing.
Just repeal it for commercial and non-priimary residences and then eventually repeal the inheritance of said tax rate. That would alleviate a lot of the problem.
This is largely propaganda that Howard Jarvis himself would hammer when trying to get it repealed. But it largely didn't happen and was uncommon. Also, we don't totally need to repeal prop 13. Just repeal it for commercial property (like the Wilshire country club) and for non-primary residences. Then eventually repeal the inheritance of the tax rate.
Just repeal it for non-primary residences and for commercial property. Then it would be great for the state.
Howard Jarvis himself was the creator of this talking point. It's largely been debunked as trash.
They are already forcing them to. They just had a council meeting and are now forcing beverly hills to build a lot more affordable housing. They will sure fight it, but it's becoming an issue that even them are getting leaned on.
Same should apply then - you get 1 building at the prop 13 tax rate and now more. They could even put a sq ft max on it as well.
Sorry, I meant the LA Country Club. Wilshire CC probably has similar taxes.
Adbusters has been beating this drum for the last 20 years. I remember reading it in high school that our economic model is built on the critical assumption that there are infinite resources in that there is a replacement for everything. I think I’m gonna renew my sub.
https://www.investopedia.com/articles/economics/11/intro-supply-demand.asp
Corporations are people but people aren’t people. Reverse citizens united.
The problem in LA is actually 2 fold- 1) space is very expensive and it’s the most expensive where it’s actually needed the most (the most concentrated parts of LA). On top of that there is a lot of restrictive building policy. Gavin Newsome actually just sent a declaration to find all the government owned property that can be made into low income and homeless housing because it’s gotten so bad. 2) local governments and neighborhoods lobbying so homeless facilities don’t get built in THEIR neighborhoods. It’s been the root of the homeless problem where every town just wants to pass the buck to the next town. Here’s a recent example: https://la.curbed.com/2020/1/10/21060592/los-feliz-homeless-bridge-shelter-riverside-lawsuit The HHH money is starting to come to fruition as we speak. Your diatribe sounds like it’s straight from a Cato institute talking point memo.
That’s because you’re a piece of shit who only cares about yourself and not society as a whole, and especially not the disenfranchised and poor.
Tax them until there’s no more billionaires and then keep it that way.
Yup. And I recognize that the best way to secure their future and my grandchildren’s future is to lift society up as a whole as opposed to building a giant wall around my house.
Yes because corporations have shown us they want to benefit society? It’s obviously a balance. They just need to be regulated and super wealthy need to pay higher taxes. It worked for the greatest generation and there 1950’s so why can’t it work for us?
I agree. But my point is they literally just opened the first HHH housing because of the points I highlighted above.
A large percentage of homeless people have TWO disabilities and I think something like 25% have THREE disabilities or more. Just for some perspective on how this is only a piece to the puzzle.
And not only that, most of a disability and a large percentage have MULTIPLE disabilities. It’s just a piece the puzzle. Another example of people truly not understanding how complex homelessness is. We’re just discussing homeless demographics. The causes are even more complex.
No because a large percentage have physical disabilities. In fact something like 40% have TWO disabilities or more and 25% have THREE or more. So the amount of homeless people who don’t have a physics disability, mental disability, or substance abuse problem is actually pretty small.
Except that it’s not true at all. The bulk of homeless people have physical disabilities. And then even more have mental disabilities and substance problems. All get worse and more likely to develop the longer they are on the street.
Except that the majority of homeless people have at least 1 physically disability ad well.
I agree that this is a good program but my point was that it is actually probably a small % of the homeless population. That being said it’s a percentage that’s highly susceptible to being rehabilitated so it’s a good program to push forward and not only that one that has great optics (aka people in communities seeing homeless people contributing to said communities and erasing stigma of homeless / unhoused people). I don’t mean to be a dick, it’s just a lot of misinformed people would rather just “ship out” homeless people from their communities. It’s an issue I see even “liberal” becoming frankly sort of scary and dehumanizing. And a lot of the homeless community is complex in their demographics and root cause of why they are homeless. The “normal person pushed to extreme circumstances” is a unicorn of the population to a certain extent.
So a I’ve said this before but the problem in large cities is two fold. 1) homelessness is a symptom of the housing crisis. In large cities the places where homeless centers and support is most needed, is where the most expensive land and development. Gavin Newsome in CA just declared and emergency and is doing an audit on government owned land and property that can be converted to housing but that should have been done 10 years ago. 2) the pass the buck mentality which is the grass roots problem. No one wants a homeless shelter in their neighborhood and they want to push it onto another neighborhood. Here’s a great recent example: https://la.curbed.com/2020/1/10/21060592/los-feliz-homeless-bridge-shelter-riverside-lawsuit This is literally the story of every shelter in Los Angeles. Look up what happened in Anaheim when someone videotaped the homeless encampment on the bike path by The Angels and Ducks stadiums. They went through the motions and just eventually let them come back because no one wanted a shelter by their house. Homelessness is a hugely complex issue because the root cause is housing which is arguably the most micro expensive thing a person will ever have to deal with which becomes a macro nightmare. And then add a layer of physical / mental disabilities and substance abuse and it’s unimaginable to fix.
I agree but a sentiment in this thread is that if you don’t survive this program then you are basically a cast off of society. I don’t want to further stigmatize unhoused people where if they somehow couldn’t do this program or failed it, they become persona non grata even more so. Especially if you suffer from physical/ mental disabilities and substance addiction. In fact, a large portion of unhoused people could even participate in this program. The bottom line is that this is a great program but it is one that will serve a small percentage of the homeless population. It is however a population that is most likely to be rehabilitated which makes it good all around, especially for optics to destigmatize unhoused people (ie communities seeing unhoused persons improving their communities).
People accepted it with Cable for 50 years.
Calling is always more effective than email.
Every idea has already been thought of and made to a certain extent as far as storytelling goes. It’s the execution that is the hard part and what makes things unique and special.
That’s not a story. That’s a series of things happening. And even then, that’s technically execution. When you break down the conflict etc in a traditional storytelling sense, every story has been told. But the character details, the dialogue, the settings etc are all the execution. And those are what makes stories interesting, new, unique and compelling.
I’ve heard that story before.
Our planets natural resources say otherwise.
And you still would have been stabbed though.
So instead of 1 person stabbed, there would be 1 person stabbed and a dead person shot? Cool.
The guy only got stabbed once. He tried to stab him again but was stopped.
Maybe you can't read or see - they took him down without a gun anyways.
Except they did defend him the second time and took him down. Also, if you add a gun into the mix of someone who can be overpowered, it's likely the knife guy would have taken the gun from that person.
Does you peepee feel bigger with a gun? I’m sorry, but it doesn’t make it any bigger. You should spend less time being a tough guy cosplaying army man and learn to eat pussy. I’ll pray for you ding dong to get big.
There’s been a “really bad respiratory infection” going around Los Angeles since December.
It's another example of a rich person flying too close to the sun. He was so used to throwing money at a problem and not being inconvenienced that he didn't even think about the actual dangers.
if you're in traffic you're less likely to be driving at high speeds and less likely to be in a fatal crash.
It's at the lowest 27 times more dangerous to fly by helicopter and 80 times more if you go by the highest metric. So it's considerably more unsafe no matter how you measure it.
More likely to die in a helicopter. 27 times more by the lowest metric and 80 times by the highest.
He was trying to do this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scud_running Obviously more information will come out, but it seems one of the adults or pilot himself probably should have called off the flight or turned back around at almost any point before they went into the fog.
I never wear a metal bracelet so it's less of a concern for me.
Aren't spring drive's normally 7 days?
I work in the animation industry so I am always on laptops, Wacom tablets etc that would scratch all over the place. I find resting my wrists on anything with a metal bracelet for anything over 15 minutes to be uncomfortable as well. Aesthetic wise, I like the way leather contrasts with the metal on a watch as well. Even my “pool” turtle Seiko I have a rubber strap on it. Even if I was just on a laptop, the scratching that happens is like nails on a chalkboard to me. That being said I still keep the jubilee on my vintage Datejust because it’s more of a dress watch that I usually wear on special occasions. There are some other unique bracelets I might also sport like a railroad zenith, beads of rice on Omegas, or some of the more elegant ones on vintage watches. Tbh, I think all the generic metal bracelets make watches look cheap. Reminds me of watches people buy at Nordstrom Rack etc.
Yeah. And then someone else would be dead. And that’s a bad thing.
It’s been posted on Reddit many times before.
He could just be having a mental episode. Or the guy being stabbed could have raped the stabber's daughter. Those kinds of scenarios happen all the time. Having a gun only kills more poeple.
Lol have you been to the post office in a city? They are only open 9-5 which is when I work. I understand you can have a PO box but telling people they should just get ALL packages delivered to their post office instead of getting a fuckin doorbell camera is insane.
This guy was acting like he came up with it. I was saying that it's a common turn of phrase when describing grief. Fuck off with your concern trolling.
No one died in this scenario. If the defender had a gun, then the stabber would have died. Therefore, 1 more person would have died in this scenario. Have fun playing army man / action hero cosplayer so your peepee feels bigger.
You arguing with me also adds nothing. Fuck off loser.
Fun fact, on cable you are allowed to swear but they artificially restrict it to after 10pm...because of advertising.
Oh cool original. I literally just called you that.
Why? Seems like they did a great job explaining it.
THE SINGLE MOST FUNDAMENTAL FEATURE?!?!? No, the marginal tax rate is the single most fundamental feature of the system, which a large percentage of people fail to understand. This was in no means a detailed tax breakdown. The intention of the video was to explain the marginal tax rate to people. Not deductions. They probably shouldn't have even mentioned it as it's just noise in this video.
I don’t know what the story of this stabbing is at all. Do you?
This is an episode Pen15 called Ojichan where her dead Japanese grandfather is haunting her.
It all depends on the mixture of the metals in the bronze. Also weather and exposure to moisture. A lot of the heavier aluminum mixes have a cleaner and less severe patina.
That is the only unarguable fact.
Bear parade and I told you so posts 24/7
"My uncle, who works at Nintendo" ass story here.
Top of the list are the police and how they treat POC. This could fix that...if we had a competent leader.
Is this a joke?
Sure. But trump is 100x more incompetent so definitely nothing will change because he’s too much of an idiot to see that he’s making things worse.
I did.
People with kids feel your pain, but infinitely more so.
Florida and Georgia also had huge spikes in pneumonia cases as well.
Because we have work and then kids on top of it, so not a lot of time to play games.
I think you should lead with that.
I didn’t see any difference
I bet she will still be trash.
The beta it was 2 weeks so I assume it will be around that time.
https://twitter.com/queenbsav/status/1267530436659433473?s=21
So was Hillary. An establishment candidate hasn’t won since George HW Bush won.
What happened to riots/protests don’t work?
Uh, what about getting the US the enact the civil rights act of 1968?
&gt;In the wake of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., riots spread through 110 cities throughout the United States. Washington, D.C. was among the most affected cities, as the mayor imposed a curfew and President Lyndon B. Johnson dispatched more than 13,000 federal troops to curtail the riots. At the time, the legislation was languishing in the House of Representatives’ Rules Committee. But as Marion Morris and Charles Mathias, Jr., note, “The Rules Committee, jolted by the repeated civil disturbances virtually outside its door, finally ended its hearings on April 8. The next day, it reported to the full House a rule for debate that agreed to the Senate amendments, including the compromise fair housing title, and prohibited any additional amendments.” The following day, April 10, the House debated for one hour the Civil Rights Act of 1968 and passed it 250–71. The very next day, President Johnson signed the bill into law. Fuck off bootlicker.
I meant more perceived by voters. HW was a former VP and head of the CIA. GW was governor but his campaign positioned him as a cowboy and not part of DC. I’m reality, they’re all doing part of the establishment, even Obama etc. it’s all relative to who they are going up against too.
It passed because of the rioting / protests dipshit. It literally says in the quote.
Uh, whose the worst character in the game?
This exact conversation happened in Apex sub and the talking points on both sides are the same. The constantly bitching made the prices decrease slightly.
Hiko was playing viper a lot before beta ended and the one way smokes were really almost OP I thought.
Crazy how the dial changes color. When I went to see it, it was very pink in store.
This is why Trump is going to try to cancel the election or just dispute the results. 100% this will happen in nov.
Here’s the lawyer for the LAPD union saying they should kill protestors - https://twitter.com/thestolenbeer/status/1267093331449909248?s=21
They should have kept Bridgewater.
Naw, if you’re still a Trump supporter at this point you’re a dipshit that will never change their opinion.
Not only do these guys get the best trainers on earth, they also get the best gear too. Roids, HGH, supplements etc. It’s all on the table.
I agree with you. I think all those weird ass workout routines are just cover for the gear. Like “oh, you’ve never heard of this brand new exercise, this is how he could go from Andy Dwire pudgy to Star Lord ripped in 4 months...definitely not the juice!”
Yeah. She’s a pub stomper that’s it.
Lol I’m in the entertainment industry. They are all on gear.
Yeha I was more talking broadly. They do whatever means necessary to be the most cut. When guys like Chris Pratt go from Andy Dwyer to Star Lord in 3 months, it’s probably not natural.
This. Trump and his posse are keeping this propped up no matter what until November. Even if he wins, then he can let it crash.
I agree. Sorta looks like he’s wearing “Dad’s watch” but with the leather it works perfectly.
There’s a lot of redials and fakes out there. I personally would just buy from a reputable vintage dealer like this guy: https://instagram.com/omega_enthusiast?igshid=oat3t4b8xs6z Either that, or you can figure out what year / era and model you want, and then pour into doing the research in spotting fakes or re-dials etc.
Ebay is probably the riskiest way to go. Dealers who know their shit are probably going to be going after the legit listings which drive up the price a bit. So then the cheaper ones are higher likelihood to be fakes, redials or frankenwatches. You really have to know your shit or do your research to buy vintage on eBay. Chrono24 is a bit better but you still should make sure the seller is reputable.
Hey remember when you said protests and riots don’t do anything? https://theappeal.org/minneapolis-city-council-members-announce-intent-to-disband-the-police-department-invest-in-proven-community-led-public-safety/ Fuck off bootlicking loser.
And in this case it’s way worse. Taxpayers end up paying for lawsuits against police officers. At least with looting it’s insurance companies footing the bill.
I don’t think he’s excusing it. But I come from a very large family and so does my wife. We have a lot of nieces and nephews. The boys, relative to the girls their age, are objectively destructive morons. They are constantly the ones being reprimanded and punished for doing stupid shit they’ve been told numerous times not to do. We don’t put any weird feminine expectations of being “lady like” or proper or anything on the girls (my sister is trans, my wife has 2 gay brothers), yet there is just something that drives the boys to be dipshits.
Was. Thank god Rey Skywalker ended it all. JKJKJK
Like, just imagine what kind of world we’d live in if it was a “conservative paradise”. I assume it would look like Russia right now.
You think Trump is just as authoritarian as any of the other Dem candidates? Dude’s using tear gas on his own citizens and has unidentifiable soldiers as his personal guard. I understand the status quo is bad, but Trump is not status quo. No, the conservative paradise as it is now will inevitably lead to oligarchy. No regulation will always lead to oligarchy. It’s already turning that way in America, just look at the income inequality going on right now. It’s literally worse than the gilded age now. Healthy Regulation on specific industries,and heavily funding social programs, healthcare and education that are funded by higher taxes with little loopholes for millionaires and above with heavy democracy as in every citizen is automatically registered to vote and has mail in ballots is a progressive paradise. Sounds pretty good compared to a depression and being beat in the street by unmarked mercenary thugs hired by the president.
My house was built before cars too in 1900. When we bought the house we got the price reduced because the foundation was brick and mortar. We could have pocketed the savings, but we live in Southern California with Earthquakes so we just redid the foundation. But it was tempting to just leave it with the same mindset you just described.
I mean, basically any craftsman or Victorian house was built before cars. Even in LA which is a new city relative to the US, there are a lot of houses that are 110+ years old in the historic neighborhoods closer to downtown.
As someone who just replaced and old brick and mortar foundation in a house from the 1900’s, I can assure you that is not true. Some of the bricks I could pinch off between my fingers.
Defund and abolish the police is not like we would just all of a sudden not have police you dolt. It’s about first reallocating funds that have been misused for buying military equipment and general overtime abuse instead of hiring new officers (in LA 53% of our budget goes to the police). Second, it’s about dismantling the police union which is effectively a cartel/mafia at this point. Third it’s about repealing and passing sensible laws where officers would be liable for the crimes they commit and also general jurisdiction (ie would it make more sense for a social worker or addiction specialist...both would increase funding under #1). Fourth, it’s about increasing the training requirements and changing the curriculum for police officers. Fifth, it’s about firing pretty much every single high level manager who has perpetuated the culture and promoting managers who have completed the previous mention training and potentially additional training who can erase the militarized culture of the current iteration.
Relative to LA, some of them are inexpensive because they are in lower income neighborhoods. But in LA, inexpensive is like 650k for a 3br. And there’s plenty in other cities that aren’t as expensive. Just look at Detroit or St Louis.
They are both Lawyers. They know exactly how to spin things. Fuck this racist cunt.
Unless you have like a 15 foot fence with barbed wire on the top, fences don’t do shit.
Except the UK left the Eu on Jan 31st because of Brexit.
Yet california has been closed for weeks and still slowly opening up...but cases have never been going down.
Now we’re talkin.
It’s also nice to just share a baby online photo stream with grandparents / family etc. Then they can all just go see pictures whenever they want and see you upload new ones to the stream.
Trump was closing borders because he’s a racist piece of shit, not because of a global pandemic. I wish Trump closed all borders back in January to slow the pandemic.
There’s no such thing as a “Disney Writer” as they are are contractual hires for projects.
I would just focus on the ones around your work building.
Personally, I’d rather have something with more function for $1500. Farer is a more established micro brand, with an ETA or Sellita (eta clone) movement that’s a gmt, chrono, or even their inner bezel dive watches. This just seems like a casual watch. I’m sure there’s a lot of work that goes into making each watch, but if you really break it down, go to any tourist town in Europe and the watchmakers there are making these frankenwatches from old pocketwatch movements etc. These guys just put their own dial on it. I am interested in where they go, but this seems like a $500-700 watch to me. Even for French brands go, Id rather have something like a Baltic for the price even though they use Seagull and Miyota movements. Obviously their design sense is very different but you get the gist.
Almost all watches you’re buying for the brand outside of those true value watches like seiko. But to a certain extent, you compare at the offered price point. But I also know how it is when a watch just strikes your fancy and you gotta have it.
My uncle works at Nintendo and he said he will give me the Samus nude code for Super Smash Bro’s when I turn 18.
Read the article nitwit. It’s about the amount of complaints, not convictions.
You’d be surprised. People just think you can like pop into Disneyland for a couple hours. But some people just want to do to downtown Disney to get a few souvenirs or whatever. Even without traffic, each of those trips are 30-60mins each each way. That’s at minimum 4 hours of travel time and that’s not even accounting for parking etc. Thats part of planning and bad planning. I guess if you’re used to going to Rome where there are like 5 sites within 20 minutes walking of each other, that’s one thing.
Even if the bullet train existed, it would be near impossible.
Damn I was looking at buying one but I’m clumsy as hell. Maybe I’ll just get the speedy 60th anniversary broad arrow after all.
Is this the 39mm?
Damn that’s the exact one I was looking at. Well, good luck. I just got talked out of it.
I would get this picture framed and crank off to it.
Yeah, so far after the stunners from last year, these are pretty underwhelming. I was hoping they would release a chronograph that takes from their dress line or even just snowflake. Right now their chrono lineup looks like a wrist Gundam.
It has some of the best asian restaurants and markets in the US. There’s some izukaya places that will blow your nuts off.
As soon as Kenneth Branagh was attached to direct, you knew it was going to be a turd. Stop giving this guy AAA tent pole movie.
Woah woah woah. I had literally the same thing even with the pink eye in the winter too. Had to take my inhaler several times a day even though I haven’t had to use it in a while. But the pink eye is the weirdest part. I had a kid in daycare so I thought that it just happens but maybe it’s something else. https://www.healthline.com/health/coronavirus-pink-eye Hmmm.
Easiest way for parents to make friends is with other parents since they understand better. I’m sure you could find a discord of the game and ask if any other parents want to squad up.
It sort of had a wry smile like, “holy shit he actually did it, I actually sort of respect it. Can’t believe this hasn’t happened before.”
Was probably planted too.
Holy shit. All his points about the Internet we’re prescient for the time we’re in.
You’re part of the problem. Fuck you. Public Education funding is the number one way to get kids to start thinking’s critically and to break the loop of poverty.
Yup this is just tourist junk like the “handmade” wooden bowls that do similar transformations they sell in Rome etc.
Same way it is in Los Angeles when you look at an overhead map. So many trees in the rich neighborhoods.
I wish more brands would do engraved cases. I guess it makes it fairly impossible to polish.
Same here. When I play with my East coast friends I’m 70+ always. Can we get a center in like Kansas City or something, meet halfway?
I mean hell, I see a lot of people with guardians getting outgunned by the sherif.
I remember when Steam hired the economist who was in charge of instituting policies to fix the economies of literal countries and people were talking about the csgo marketplace like it was run by dipshits. 14 year olds who have no disposable income have high opinions of what they “should” be getting.
People are free to complain but they are acting like they know anything about business, economics, marketplaces or any of the backend numbers.
That’s not irrelevant at all. Kids are talking about how they would make more money if they made skins cheaper but they have no idea what anything actually makes.
I just bought all the agents knowing I would get the money back. Now I’m SOL.
They should do something like apex does where it’s a pretty causal grind to the end but then if you want to earn like another bonus color for your knife or an animation, it’s a big grind for like 10 more levels. That way you can appease the people with jobs /kids / responsibilities and reward the hardcore grinders.
Sounds like you need new friends.
Palm trees aren’t a tree. They are technically a Bush. Bushes have a designated lifespan. The ones you see in LA live around 50-100+ years depending on the species. The earliest neighborhoods in LA started planting them around the early 1900’s. Not to mention there’s a beetle that carries a fungus that speeds up the process. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/sep/29/los-angeles-palm-trees-dying Palm trees suck ass. They provide no shade which is a huge issue in sunny LA. So it’s a good thing.
And for the inevitable gaslight when republicans say there’s no such thing as the Southern Strategy: https://www.thenation.com/article/archive/exclusive-lee-atwaters-infamous-1981-interview-southern-strategy/
If it’s any consolation, your mom was doing the best she could and there’s at least some sort of lesson on perseverance here.
Except most people will miss out on the top reward.
It starts to get much harder at 35. I’m talking about the people who can only play 2-3 games a day maybe 4 days a week. People with work and kids.
First of all, there are rewards that cost no money in the BP. Not to mention grinding for the agent specific skins. Second, the BP is standard $10 so they can unlock a shit ton of skins for that. I agree that they should give you enough in game currency to buy the next BP like fortnite does. Third, why the fuck are they going to cater their marketplace to poor people? By definition they don’t have money to spend.
The vast majority of normal people with responsibilities will not finish the BP as it currently is. The majority of people should be able to get the knife. How is that the wrong sentiment? The sentiment is that you have to ride the line of the majority of your player base feeling they accomplished something by reaching “the end” and not making it way too easy for the elite players. What apex does accomplishes that solution. It’s completely a mindset / psychology mindset. The animation / skin was just an example of what apex did. What if that level 60 or whatever gave you a bucket of custom animations for all the skins you unlocked? Or a gun buddy that has an animation of it when you press the inspect key? There are endless creative ways.
Don’t worry. Looking at the current case load in Florida, it will be coming back in the next month or two.
Because that’s the expectations with every other battle pass from apex to fortnight.
Yeah. Sometimes I’ll be having one of those impossible matches and I’ll sneak up behind sometime and fire into them, and they somehow 180 and flick me headshot. And stuff like that happens all game. Just feels like your bullets are made of butter.
Happens with me too. Why does it never put the east coast people on a west coast server too
Also food and culture of living in a major metro area that’s next to another major metro area. Not that good or culture matters when Corona is going on!
Same with half the states. The hospitals are going to be overwhelmed in August. There is no science that says the virus is affected by weather.
I agree as far as the costs of skins though but Radianite is confusing and a lot of people do not understand the full costs of buying a skin.
Naw. Pelosi sucks major ass. She gave up all her leverage in getting a Corona bailout for the people but accepting $1200 one time payment with ABSOLUTELY NO OVERSIGHT for the corporate bailout, earmarked it to give literal bailout money directly to lobbyists, and then voted yes on Trumps military budget like 2 weeks later. She fucking blows and so do all the Dem establishment. The whole leadership needs to be cleaned out.
Enjoy your $1200 with a shit eating grin while every other 1st world country was giving an actual living stimulus. Have fun eating your Neo-Lib boot until it puts you and your family into an early grave.
https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/nancy-pelosi-coronavirus-stimulus-package-congress-a9515436.html Doesn’t take much brain power to see all her wins are just PR wins and not actual change for the better. How do you think we got to where we are now? Establishment Dem policies. And here we are replacing it was “Hillary’s Turn” all over again with “but his electability!” And nothing will actually change with neo-lib policy in place and in charge because they serve the same masters as the GOP.
To give Lucas some credit, he was literally inventing VFX procedures we still use today and was one of the first ones to use the green screen in that manner on that manner for that many shots.
China is already giving trial vaccines to people who work for state run businesses who travel abroad.
What is “The Volume”?
Damn didn’t know that. Do you know who was being considered?
I mean, this was published in 2015. This could have been sorta revisionist history after they bombed.
Apparently it was an article that was released in 2015. Seems like it could be revisionist history but who knows
Sorry I meant got mixed reviews.
There aren’t enough skins in the pool for it to be effective yet. Not only that, all these skins have been lackluster. I am usually a little bit of a whale and have $120 in valorant points but I haven’t even been tempted at all to buy.
Damn if they add an epic ice knife that would be dope.
But the meat of the design is on the end you rarely see unless you inspect. It’s sorta pointless as a FPS skin.
Yeah. Even 2 matches a day is tough to ask.
Nixon’s admin also invented no knock warrants too!
Damn. Now I feel old.
Look at how many people voted for Trump. That’s really how many don’t really approve of it.
Lol was a threat. He was running away and was shot in the back. And now only that, the cop them curb stomped him after he was shot. Grabbing a taser from a cop is not a reason to be murdered. People on Twitter are posting numerous white people who grabbed tasers from cops and somehow weren’t killed.
He meant a stripper named charity.
Not sure what country he is in, but if it’s the US, I would have been attending that wedding and especially not this party due to Covid.
Aveeno is made by prison labor which is effectively slave labor. Just an FYI.
Shooting a cop with a taser isn’t enough for a police to shoot an person either. It’s non lethal by definition.
Then why do cops call it non-lethal? Maybe they should stop using them too then.
I expected a larger base of the lower cost skins on release. At this point, the daily deals is pitiful.
Damn now I feel bad. I used to play CS a while ago and was only Bronze 2 in beta.
Well it comes out next week so I wouldn’t worry too much if I was a dev.
So you just crouch every single time you shoot?
He literally crouches every time he shoots no matter the situation.
Apparently shooting people in the back who are running away is assault. Who knew. Enjoy your boot for dinner.
This is what they count on. And poor people don’t usually have insurance and the cops still don’t care.
Either way, Rayshard shouldn’t be murdered for anything he did.
I’ll give you a hint - you’ll need a dog whistle to find out the real reason they vote Trump.
The ones still standing probably had their foundations redone to current standards. Maybe not though. Here in LA, not sure the brick and mortar foundations could make it through another big quake.
I think you are getting your wire’s crossed. He’s correct in saying these are sometimes craftsman homes. Depends on what year the home was built / what year the catalog was. Craftsman is a term for the “Arts and Crafts” style of architecture which Sears sold kit homes for. Classic craftsman houses are usually 2 story but the kit homes took the classic designs and made them single story, which are referred to as “Craftsman Bungalows.” Doesn’t have anything to do with the tool line. Here’s an article about one of LA’s oldest craftsman neighborhood. https://la.curbed.com/2020/1/24/21068266/jefferson-park-neighborhood-homes
Except a lot of these developments had “white only covenants” which would not only prohibit the developer from selling to black people but also if you bought the house and then sold it later you weren’t allowed to either. Didn’t get repealed until then 50’s. Here’s a good article about an old LA neighborhood that had these craftsman sears houses and eventually got the covenants repealed. https://la.curbed.com/2020/1/24/21068266/jefferson-park-neighborhood-homes
Black people weren’t even allowed to buy life insurance back in the day. They had to start their own company.
They are going for $850k+ in Los Angeles.
Yup. They were just selling the Craftsman style as it was popular at the time.
That’s not usually the case for the Craftsman style ones they sold in 1900-1925. Most men only had a couple suits and people just didn’t own that much stuff back in the day. Usually the closets are pretty dang small. But they usually have huge ass attics though!
Here in Los Angeles, we don’t have hurricanes to worry about. We have earthquakes. And a lot of the kit houses (some over 110 years old) have brick and mortar foundations that have somehow made it through a lot of big quakes.
I assume she used to read these catalogs while taking a shit like I used to just to have something to read.
I was saying a lot of these old houses have to get their foundations replaced / updated.
This is literally why hundreds of thousands of people are protesting right now. It’s very much about race, dipshit.
And this is the first rally in a long time. This kicks off all his other campaign rallies too. This isn’t just one in the middle of months of them. Numbers probably won’t get any better from here.
Now when I go for walks and listen to podcasts on my wireless earbuds, I can smile like a goober at all the jokes under my mask. I’m free to not look like a weirdo just randomly smiling walking through a neighborhood.
Can’t they both be in the wrong? The guy running over the cop is a moron, yes. But the cop probably already had the license plate info why did he have to escalate it like that? Couldn’t he have also written a ticket for leaving the scene or something too? This is like a small microcosm of what cops do to escalate situations when they should be doing the opposite.
Yeah, and the difference is that it’s the cops job to do this. Imagine working with someone just constantly escalating the most mundane situations like writing a parking ticket that turns into running over someone’s foot and then wrestling someone to the ground. That being said, the guy in the Ferrari is also a monumental dickhead in his everyday life.
I mean just look and how they treat Ba Sing Se. It’s a commentary on class, privacy, bureaucracy, Capitalism and Nationalism.
My sister is a lawyer in LA. She says over 90% of the people in the prisons here tested positive.
Summit for Valorant drops?
There’s also a new breed of mosquito that’s made it’s way through the southwest that specifically bites knees and below. We didn’t really have mosquitos in Los Angeles but like 3 summers ago they just popped up. https://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-aedes-mosquitoes-california-20180901-story.html
No it doesn’t.
Jokes on you I switched my ctrl and shift
Just look up in YouTube “got to get best valorant sens”
Find you best sens relative to your setup and your comfortability - https://youtu.be/XruZdI3e3mE
Gonna need a source on this.
This is maybe the most low quality dogshit post I’ve ever seen.
Do they get to keep all the money in the contract? I assume there’s some sort of kill fee but they won’t get the total value of the contract.
You think Ninja and Shroud have better lawyers than fucking Microsoft? Most likely there is some kill fee Microsoft has to pay but the streamers aren’t getting the full value of their contracts.
There’s probably a kill fee they have to pay but they definitely aren’t paying the full amount.
There’s no way Microsoft paid the full contract. It’s probably semantics where they paid what they were entitled to in their contracts. I assume there’s some kill fee associated.
They just had a 4.5 Trillion bailout / stimulus with almost no oversight in the US. I assume that’s much bigger.
Still just speculative.
What are you talking about? Mixer still had Microsoft lawyers draft and negotiate contracts.
Sorry that’s what I mean. We’ll never truly know unless we hear it from the horses mouth which I assume we never will.
They definitely got good deals. I just don’t think they got paid their full contracts. They could be playing coy with the original terms of the contract and ninja was actually getting $50m for 5 years and the rest were getting $25m. And then the numbers we see are their kill fees. I’m in the entertainment industry and read contracts with below and line, above the line, and “influencers”. All the big companies have kill fees for anything long term. Truly would be idiotic if Microsoft didn’t put an eject button into their contracts. And considering Microsoft is know for how litigious they are, I would bet on them being pretty buttoned up.
This is exactly what I was looking for thanks!
B was already a retake site. It was actually extremely difficult to hold defending the retake. I assume if you looked at the numbers attackers weren’t planting B as much because of this. These changes make it easier to defend from retake I think.
Ah. I see you have competent teammates. But either way, now that’s not the only strategy to safely keep the site.
I mean if 2 people go AFK, it’s not the 3 other teammate’s fault.
They should just get rid of no knock warrants completely. It’s literally an invention of a 28 year old Nixon aide so they could look tough on crime.
Or just make them illegal again because they are rarely if ever used correctly.
There are houses in South LA that sold for like $250k in 2010 and sold for over $1m this year. During a pandemic.
Probably a good place to take a break for while if you’re jello hands. Feels like it’s gonna get pretty shitty soon.
This is when everyone was lighting me up who was crouching. Bullshit.
Lol when does Hiko sound excited about anything? He’s an iceman.
RemindMe! 15 hours
Nope, you’re a dipshit. https://www.npr.org/sections/coronavirus-live-updates/2020/06/24/883017035/what-contact-tracing-may-tell-about-cluster-spread-of-the-coronavirus
It’s actually decreases the chance like 10-15%. So it is preventing, just not a lot.
Not quite.
This has been an issue since patch 0.5 in beta. Suddenly crouching became such a huge advantage.
I never crouched before but have been forcing myself to since the update.
I’ve only played 2 ranks but so far in both games there were people who auto locked an agent (sage / rayna) and did not use an ability or mic all game. The second game was playing with a couple golds to give you indicator of rank.
A sage who didn’t use any abilities all game.
Rivalry? Bud, we got a long line. Let’s call this animosity at this point.
Unless it’s part of a bigger sting and they won’t release it until all the other parties are arrested too.
Except when it expands after that to a much wider net, all bets are off since those sources could leak it, tell other people who leak it, etc. I assume there are literally like 4 people who know right now and this was what twitch PR was willing to release.
Yeah I stopped playing brim and am currently trying to learn omen.
I stopped playing brim because he just wasn’t fun mostly.
Yeah, it’s really hard when they switch from team to team to tell if it’s defenders or attackers. They need to color of the overlay to change more too.
This. Crouching while shooting is also part of the problem equation.
This is 100% what reporters should be hammering him on now. What are you going to do about it now?
Lol do you know how much storage space text requires? You could probably fit literally every russian chat for like.a year on a 1 TB HD.
Why not through walls? Right now you can just see like a little white ^ through walls and it’s stupid.
But it’s great for building up suspense when someone is about to peak around a corner or push through smoke etc. it’s great is CS so why wouldn’t it be good here?
I remember the cartoon tropes of whole episodes revolving around not being loud so you don’t pop the soufflé.
It’s also just not meant to be an esport or highly competitive by game design. It’s a lot of puking up abilities constantly and is impossible for a casual person to jump into a stream and understand what’s going on.
They did but they have only been like +2k per weekly contract which is basically just a fuck you.
I know they wanted it to be, but it’s objectively hard to watch as a spectator. There’s just too much going on screen all the time. The pacing itself is counter intuitive to an esport.
It’s going to be like 24k per weekly at the end. But that’s barely a level one you get past like level 25 on the BP.
For other people on Reddit, you’ve probably seen his gibberish song he made that actually sounds really good: https://youtu.be/-VsmF9m_Nt8
https://youtu.be/-VsmF9m_Nt8
It takes a few days to get your results. I would get tested as soon as you can.
He could quit to get the early pardon and then go about his life starting his own trump TV bullshit.
So they’d rather you be positive and bring it into your work and it explode at their company? People are so fucking stupid.
Stock market doesn’t care apparently either.
Don’t worry. We’ll be in lockdown by August again.
I love how businesses can’t see past a month out.
We can only hope but the man has literally never been held accountable his entire life. I’m not counting on it.
Yeah until we have replay we’ll never know.
And even then, since the recordings are happening client side, it’s still inconclusive. Gonna need replay.
Why even discord? There is literal party and team chat options in valorant. Leave party talk open and then push to talk for team.
I’m concerned for your ram / bandwidth usage and even that slight usage from discord will mean the difference between clutch and loss for you. I will pray for you to find the light. Milliseconds matter.
Played a game of ranked where I went 1-17 sandwiched between two 30 burgers. It literally felt like my bullets were made of butter.
