Sound alert on this one
Your cellphone
How is your energy level now?
He makes hover hands look cool
Big heart for the community and a Pats/Sox fan
Elephant "Shhhhhhh, its permanent sleep time now"
r/whyweretheyfilming
"I just want to do one perfect cartwheel"
*Morgan one is defeated. Battle music intensifies*
*slaps roof of car* "This baby can fit a lot of Morgans"
Me after getting home from the bars
r/boomershumor
Recent pic?
YEET!!!!
BOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!!
That first moment my son was born there was a whole range of emotions we both went through. Relief, exhaustion, excitement, overwhelmed, scared and not sure what the next direction was. Enjoy every moment.
Golden Retriever-Centapede
$4.99 to see that one
That's the face of somebody who just went to flavor country
I can feel this photo
That's how you hold in a poop
Kids are still dumb. Even in 2019
Everyone wants the baguette. Some no how to say no. I don't.
Stormy is 🔥
We would have also accepted a puppy pic
That's why I say "I'm good" when they ask if I want a receipt.
"Yet". We see you eyeing Warsaw. Just kidding, everyone should find love and be respected for his or her decision.
"Come forth. Bless you my child"
We need an updated couple pic
There's dozens of us!
7 ate 9
That's a hot bargain! Read the stickers!
r/suspiciouslyspecific
Is that James Brown cosplaying as Mr. T?
Same
You're getting close to 9000
If only it came with some sort of tab to help opening it
Why did we all do this?
F
"I'm ready to buy right now"
Still confused
FIGHT THE POWER!!!!
Time to relax! Congratulations!
r/comedyheaven
80s bearded Ross
He was an amazing person
Gibbleguts.com is a treasure trove of garbage. My god it's a goldmine for this subreddit.
They pooped their pants because they were scared. 😂🤣
He's not wrong
Me want money
Houseplant guy is just having a good time
Water shoes are lame but would prevent half of these gifs
That clanking at the beginning had me like "You silly Billy, that won't make it" Then when it cleared I was like "Ohhh yes, that's the stuff"
Also missing out of place vile humor
This will anger people but makes a lot of common sense.
*guitar solo intensifies*
Hey that looks like it dropped to a ledge. That's gotta hurt your legs.
You to puberty "That wasn't very cash money of you" Puberty is a bizarre thing
You need a mortician! A mortician!
When I talk to someone and they say the 50s were a simpler time. For whom?
Why don't you celebrate the independence of your country by blowing a small portion of it up
And spouting stuff about "Family values"
Velma is no longer a side chick
Fan boys be thirsty
My body after 30 was like "I am just done processing alcohol like I used to. You are going to be fucking miserable now"
It's ok because its true
An amazing movie
When nobody balks at this, there is a huge fucking problem
Oh snap, forgot about this
Me spinning like: "Well shit, I am dead"
Such a weird end to see a QB end up on his knees after a tackle. Huge play.
What's the PQ like?
Ohhh those young kids and their websites
I would eat a lot of stems
Technical foul!!!!
Everybody released the awkward but didn't want to be "the one" to point it out
r/therewasanattempt
What game is this?
Science has gone too far
Was I drunk or a kid?
You look fresh in that suit
That is not a mouse
Son: "Go ahead Dad, take bite. A real bite!"
A-HEH-HEH-HEH-HEH...YEEEEHAW!
I hate heights and have seen accidents when trying to catch baseballs. I got nervous because I didn't check the sub
Ooooofffff
If someone edited color trails got each of the individual balls. I might be able to understand the pattern but my brain might melt.
The TIFU with sucking your dick is in
Its like the old April Fools episode of the Simpsons with the shaken beer can.
All sneakers were once white but now green with grass stains
r/zoomies would like this
Thanks, I needed that
*breathing intensifies* "Have you tried good plated cable yet?"
How many shirts am I supposed to own for work?
Draw something on a piece of paper from work. It will go over well and save you money.
Those slippers
r/100percentvagina
Impressive work!
Disney princesses come in all shapes and sizes
If you want to smoke with her you gotta bring the bud
The guy with the shirt off and looking for a fight is in the wrong 99/100 times
For everyone's pleasure
Let's go Kemba!!!!!
Dat butt is lumpy
Hi I'm Troy McClure you might remember from such instructional videos as "Dig your own grave and save"
There's a theme?
"I just want to fish!"
That is satisfying. Gotta have rhe space for it but it is satisfying.
r/angryupvote
It does wonders for longevity when you aren't being persecuted
When you go into their habitat and make them back down, that's metal as hell.
Hellsome
Your future boyfriends and girlfriends are running out excuses to dump you
Check out the stadium in Mexico city. It's crazy beautiful. The altitude made it a kicker's dream when the NFL played there.
"What's it taste like?" "Pennies. Does anyone else here that rushing water?"
You can't birth a baby, men why are you making laws for vaginas
Her meal was two glasses of white wine?
Dogs love getting under you when your are working out
Carrot Top in Chairman of the Board
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!
WELL WELL WELL MY MICHEL!!!!
Didn't love that last play
An FG is ok but gotta score some points tonight
We gotta stop Henry
This run defense is awful
This is painful to watch
Can't line up fucking offsides
Intentional grounding
Gotta stop them here
Shit Chung is hurt
Touchdown Tenn. Sweet jesus
This early man?
Sanu did a thing!!!!
He likes to just destroy people on the other side of the ball
Negativity is this thread
Logan just being a twat
*Rex Ryan enters the chat*
Good job by Michel
REPOST THIS IF YOU LIKE A SEXY SQUIRREL WALK IN TD UNTOUCHED
Good coverage by our future CB
Good job by Butler
I like this idea!!!!
Some people in this thread live some bipolar lives
Edelman is HOF material
Burkhead getting squirrelly
Weak call there. Box was stacked
D needs to create a turnover here
Let's get up big D
He was fed some bad information
Need to TD this
Michel getting hungry
Burkhead is always falling forward.
I like the enthusiasm but Henry is a beast
Michel is possessed
Crazy play by Evans
Gotta have a pass play here
We are burning timeouts
What a shit play call there. That was embarrassing
You gotta get 7 there guys
Dad then saw so much hentai
Let's see if we can stop them when they are on the 1
Henry fucked me in fantasy. Fuck that guy
We gotta push for something here
Loving Harry
Love Harry but man he's inconsistent
Way to negate a fucking gain Mason
Pats want that early offseason
D needs to get hungry
We gotta throw this every time if we want to win this
That Samuel Adams commercial was badass
There we go D!!!!
Brady got crushed
Bailey was money this season buy hurting us tonight
Tanny just trucking
Agreed
LET'S GO BOYS!!!! FUCKING PUNCH THIS IN
The woodchuck who throws that last piece of wood after being yelled at is money
Offense was weak
I guess a first down was best there
Block this fucking thing
That sucked
You seem like a lovely person
Gatebros
When is this coming to blu ray?
Anyone: "Have you taken an economics course? You can't print infinite money without serious consequences. It's not a solution at all" Crazy girl: "Economics? What's that?"
I imagine that women on the right would have the same reaction if she experienced nacho cheese Doritos
How the fuck do you miss that offsides?
I felt this
Feeling cute, might delete later. Also might be executed for my actions during the war.
Are you supposed to grind on people at weddings like this anyways?
What movie did you watch?
Dad get off reddit and got to work
What type of craft is this?
Hope those criminals were caught and will be prosecuted. I hope they were arrested with some serious bites out of them.
Hooper if the money works
All the fucking time
But they're really not. They will back them for their own self interests
Always from the creepy older guys
Master Roshi does both equally as well
Everyone in this video is pretty cool
I laughed. When people still have fax machines at home, I am kind of surprised.
Click save multiple times too to make sure it saved as well.
I have my apron to cover up my monster dong
Listen to this guy. He does law stuff
Skylar you ruined everyone's learning for the day. Hopefully next time your parents remember to medicate you.
This is a sentence you read that you can hear in your head
I would practice that by myself to perfection only to screw it up during show time
Henry is a free agent next year right?
Do it for McNair!
Agree after the Vrabel clock drain, an Edelman catch could have lead to a game winning FG. Not sure Pats O could do this to the Ravens D
NFL officials are woof
Absolute fucking moron. He can't get jersey numbers, players or game situations right
More than "Kind of valid"
r/agedlikemilk
Demon points and goes "Ahhhhh good one"
Collinsworth: "Here's a guy....." and "Oh he's such a gamer!"
He also has cheated on the Constitution and American people
Family values.....
The end of that theme song "Hheeeeeyyyyyy duuuuuuude"
To think about later
It's like the cat from the Sabrina TV show
She went off the deep end
A legend. Glad he's doing what's best for him.
Why would you want to insist that you look like a sleep paralysis demon?
This is what unjustified fear looks like
Remember Double Rainbow guy
Get the people who fucking hung out with him and killed him
Marge asks Homer to check on the kids because they are sleeping in the treehouse and lightning flashes. You can see Milhouse and Bart fighting during the flashes. Homer is in a beanbag chair watching TV and just says "They're fine" without looking away from the TV. I think it was when Bart and Milhouse pooled their money and bought Radioactive Man issue number 1.
I thought Martin was involved too! Thanks for correcting me on that. Martin wasn't in on the fight
This would be amazing as a guest to witness
The cat used the paw on his back as a back rub
So much crisp water
One of the best head check insults "Do better!"
Love the boxset display. I'm out of space so when I see that type of shelf I tub my hands together and realize that could hold more discs.
Added another subreddit to my front page. Thanks!
Jarrett Stidham thought bubble: "Feels like I'm wearing nothing at all......nothing at all......nothing at all.....nothing at all........"
Best buds are the best
I want to sit next to that guy
Wow that woman sucks. Even if your mom had a middle seat and she had an aisle, it would be a worthwhile swap
Or they lost a weight
Ohhhhh Bro
We paid a $500 deposit for our dog. Half refundable, half not. Maintenance guy said the apartment was the cleanest apartment he ever signed out and filled out a form. A different set of handwriting wrote "Pet smell" after the fact and kept our $250.
r/facingtheirparenting
r/facingtheirparenting
This comment didn't answer any questions. It created more and I love it
That sounds kind of surreal. Would love to hear more stories.
Those aunts in the novelty gift shop on vacation laughing "Look at the size of the ass on this magnet"
You look radiant on the right!
Working on the weekends in the winter is tough but you do it for them
Safety bad
What does Mahomes have in common with your dog when you get home from work?
He's the Teflon Don
SHAKIRA SHAKIRA!!!!
Every Super Bowl ends in an Eyes Wide Shut orgy anyways
Hope you are doing ok. Talk to someone you trust and put yourself out there.
Humphries is money
Classic NFL diversion tactics
There is holding on every play pretty much
Mahomes is really good on his feet. Kinda forget about these things after his injury this season
It's Applebees but "All you can eat" boneless buffalo wings sounds decent with some beer and a game
I wasn't there for it, my girlfriend was but great point.
The game coverage for that would be insufferable.
They need a turnover.
The Chiefs scouting for RBs and WRs is just crazy
I really don't like Hill. Funny how Hunt was removed due to tape and nothing visual for Hill so it's ok.
People want high scoring games rather than good football
This is a spicy take. I like it.
Guy is your intestines ok?
Her hips don't lie
Does he have some sort of connection to basketball?
This game isn't over
"When you try me with a sorry wide receiver like Adams"
There is a lot of 1994 going on here
Chloe!!!!
"Woman bad, technology bad" - Aunty Acid
That dude was a neighbor but heard the beats and had to get down
Didn't they brew Hop Czar. It was decent and cheap at the supermarkets in Seattle.
Is that a back massager from your wife's pregnancy? We bought one of those and our son recently found it and plays with it.
Hope life is going better now for you. You look great in the glow up pic!
r/likeus
Bruh
W......T.......F
He's a legend
r/WatchPeopleDieInside
r/FacingTheirParenting
You have so much to learn from this man
The eye twitch means he is dieing inside and closer to going on a murderous rampage
What an incredible voice
That might help to keep his bowels moving
Love seeing Harrison wait for the block and our D linemen taking care of business.
*Boardroom full of penises in suits" Executive Penis: "Gentlemen, the world isn't eating enough semen. Who has some ideas?"
Is this online?
Biological warfare
It's either great satire or cringe
That's a penis
r/GifsThatEndTooSoon
I just use abrasive chemicals to dissolve it away
All sound good. Maybe a pup in that new house.
Thick thighs save lives
I wouldn't want a plate instead for this one
Would love for someone to release the TV series. The pilot movie is the best of the movies I have seen from the series.
Didn't get to enjoy his life, retirement or earnings. That's just awful
This is an awesome glimpse into his life and hugely depressing
100% this. Hated him on the court since no lead was safe and his leads felt impossible to overcome. Respected his work ethic and game.
That's what Kobe would want
Is he just awkward or are they actively avoiding him?
That is what I am going to use when I promise something and it doesn't work out. "Promesses"
Your opening story for this recipe is not about capturing the feeling and flavors from your beach vacation. Its just about loneliness and crushing depression.
For full effect they should have not smiled and walked away slowly as the hoop exploded behind them. Missed opportunity
His hands are dirty like a troll
We were short in the receiver department and took a flyer on Gordon after he had trouble with the Browns organization in terms off field injury and not reporting to team events so that he could go to a personal event
That's a reasonable amount of tentacle jizz for the size of the monster
I'm just going to say it.....that's a lot of porn
"Those clowns in the White House have done it again"
Group hug calmed that little bit of awkward in the room
r/surrealmemes
Randy Rhoads' guitar solos are always amazing
She is straight fire
Isn't it illegal to set traps?
What did you got going on this Friday?
The only good Klansman is one who is getting his ass whooped
Trump ran the country like a business. Sadly it's like one of his businesses. So its corrupt and a bankrupt. Good thing you had Daddy's money you lame bone spurred piece of pound scum.
Imagine commenting this shit with your smiling face and not thinking this is evil
She whispers in his ear "No Titanic references this time". Even though she knows he will make one and they both will get another laugh out of it. It's what happens when you're in love.
This Principal/Teacher looks like he had a bit of a football career. Good pass blocking, and some take downs. Good guy who gives a damn about the students
People look so classy in historical photos
Trump supporters will still support him no matter what. They love his racism. Vote this November!
And some serious quicks
This one is cut off from the original
Oh man if that is the two TV screens 6 player version
How many people were in on the share? Was it one day?
Biden we need you
"Point!"
r/insaneparents
He would be such a Twitter bitch after that debate.
Greta is a pearl clutcher that throws the term "thug" around a lot
It's sad they aren't worried about his actions but the elections
Was that her comeback?
How did that relationship go?
"Whoa, they don't like me? I'm the wrong kind of infectious? I guess I will stop then" - Corona Virus What these people think they will accomplish
He's just a treasure
Punishment - abstain from social media for 20 years
This is when you look and say "I cannot explain my actions"
When you have muscles like that, you can't be afraid to pop that shirt off
Please keep plummeting
He is mentally deficient
"Time for the dinner!"
She holds the door open and waves people in. She keeps the door open to get others in. She is brave as hell and compassionate.
Hopefully this innovation is here to stay
I support this 100%
The man that was murdered for no good reason doesn't care about your phoney numbers Donald
It should be all of our business. Our country is being run by a racist, incompetent pile of diarrhea and everyone that supports him are shit eating flies
Did they discuss what went down? I'm not looking for extensive details but were both of them hooking up with the guy or did they have sex with each other? Not sure if that would change anything for you but it might make it a shade less of gross.
This is adorable. Good grandmas are the best
Oh man, when you are young and your metabolism can handle second dinner. What a time to be alive
Why is that guy getting in her face? What could he possibly be trying to accomplish?
This one was far better with sound
More of a collage than a starter pack. I enjoyed scrolling through it though
Those stars. Don't know where to buy them but there are a lot of them.
Ben Franlkin dropping knowledge
Jalapeno bagels are my new favorite
Give us an ultimate edition on blu ray
Gotta include taking the glasses off before saying "My God!" as well
Projection as usual
This is America
The thumbnail looks like a koy pond
She is dumb
But.......why?
I thought he was going to be raising something else real soon
Yes yes, it's not the teargasing your own citizens at all loser
That was satisfying.
Real talk, if you find that, do you stay there until help comes?
Houseplant not getting water for a day: "Well, I guess it's time to die now"
Keep going down!
It should be
Or pure stupidity. You have no understanding of science so you just don't believe it to be true?
I thought she was mad they weren't supporting it. Chuffed is an unusual word because I have seen it both ways.
Impressive but my tummy hurts looking at drinking that
Or the necklace?
My pawn shop finds are never like this
Thought this was going to go south. I didn't see the subreddit. Spread peace, love and positivity.
Confederate flags in this day and age are so bizarre to me.
And his amazing album "The Dude"
That table leads to some unsatisfactory positioning for adequate cheese access
The clock tower is the extremely long, ultra thin new skyscrapers
Its absurd to me that Trump and Trump supporters are using the campaign phrase "Keep America Great" and say things like "This is the greatest country in the world", yet Flint hasn't had clean water for years
Imagine having such hate to actively go out and do this
Imagine your personality and beliefs are to "own the libs".
What a crossover that would be
Imagine embezzling millions and facing no real penalties
That pointed building in the front is amazing
Wow. That's disgusting. Also why does he want Trump 2020 and 4 more years? What has Trump actually done for this guy?
That landed but oh man I could see a lot of people angry for stopping the lecture
A monarchy full of vapid morons
"What Up! We're three cool guys looking for other cool guys who want to hang out in our party mansion. Nothing sexual. Dudes in good shape encouraged. If you are fat, you should be able to find humor in the little things. Again, nothing sexual."
She probably has some heels on in the picture which makes her look taller than that
He is Kick Puncher
Wonderful
They can still flip it back on you. "I earned the right to wake up late". Be ready for their rebuttals.
No transparency means there is something to hide
She is horrible and that behavior is worse than a toddler's. Hope there are repercussions for her actions.
You're an adult Karen. You should be responsible.
r/forbiddensnacks
I feel like I should move to New Zealand
Confederacy loving idiots:"Its about States' rights!" Everyone: "Give me one thing other than slavery....." Confederacy loving idiots: "You're a snowflake. Its about States' rights"
That is one of the most impressive things I have seen
"Is Wendy working today"?
That has to be a dominance thing, right?
Were you shirtless for the trip?
That will make for an interesting bowel movement afterwards
Barry is a moron
What is ABCO?
Is everyone ok?
*spider stares at OP from the distance* "Good, now I can start a new life. I will be back though.....when he least suspects it" *spider laughter*
And they won't tell anyone where it went
He runs the government like a business. One of his businesses so going bankrupt.
Donald Trump doesn't care about the education of poor people or really anyone.
The glare on that TV
Wife bad, adultery funny
Why is he doing it that way?
Looks more like Parkinson's with the cog like motion
Trump supporters don't even know what they are getting when they vote for him. They are just honestly as dumb as he is.
They want to suppress where the funds go because it's in their pockets. There should be harsh punishments for this corruption. Sadly there won't be because this is America
I enjoy a good hotdog. Hopefully he has the tiny diced onions
I want this
Your style is on point!
What the fuck?
When Dads start making memes
"We gave you $1200. What more do you want?" - Trump, who doesn't understand the problems of America
It should keep going lower
That's an embrace
What kind of sheets have you been buying?
"Who's down there? I have a gun, and I am not afraid to use it on myself!"
This is a repost I always love to see. It's just about the cutest thing on the internet.
Sad that this is something we argue about in 2020
The "Mom, can you come pick me up?" look
I know nothing about this world
Fred Smoot!
Sadly there are a lot of people that hate other people that are different from them. Trump supports that and that's why his supporters love him.
Does she do anything positive for society?
God: "Time to do a little copy/paste. No one will notice".
When a snake tried to eat an elephant's butt
"Come, put me in the jails"
Those life changing essential oils
So it's just "entertainment" that creates xenophobia, class divide, hating your fellow humans and promotes defunding public services?
The level of stress coming from that traffic stop
The "I don't believe in science so I won't" thing just baffles me
"Waaaaahhhh" - Trump and conservatives
With what?
That looks like a Roseanne blow up doll
Just plain "Ouch"
Tom is a finally tuned microchip
The janky leg
I'm glad he was breathing a little hard at the end there. Confirmed that Skynet hadn't released Terminators yet
Teamwork makes the dream work
Over 120,000 people died from this virus. Imagine if there were mass marketed 9/11 novelty shirts.
Tents are more designed to protect you from wind and rain. Your sleeping bag is the workhorse to keep you warm.
I think you should definitely post more
That's why I think there is some importance to seeing them besides the WTF factor. Just realizing that some people thought this stuff was ok.
r/BrandNewSentence
Who took the picture?
It's behind a paywall. Do you have an excerpt?
Systematic racism in broad daylight
DeVos is pure venom
She was smiling the whole time. Agreed she was loving the attention and seeing people react. Another "owning the libs" individual.
Nani!!!!
r/bostonceltics
That's how you get a feeding tube
Sadly this won't change their views
What the fuck?!?!?
They don't actually believe God will help them, they are just selfish as hell and ignorant.
Jesus one unlawful thing after another and we need to sit here going "Ohhhh Donald, not this time. Now get back to whatever it is you do all day. We know its not helping the people but maybe give it a try if you feel like it this time"
Like Brock Turner the rapist who had Daddy crying that he shouldn't get any jail time for raping someone.
I for one apologize to Mark ahead of time but as a citizen, I need to do my part
It shocks me that people are surprised about the effects of reopening so quickly. I shouldn't be surprised but our education system is so poor so people don't understand science and religion seems to be a way to be racist/ignorant
Also "We will give money to help with Corona virus support and for children. This doesn't apply to fetuses. They can't get money but don't abort them if you want since we see them as people in only some ways"
*eye twitches uncontrollably while talking about the upcoming rain*
Thanks Florida for helping make America a worse place to live
Dick Cheney doing something I agree with? Apocalypse bingo!
If Cheryl isn't a joke account.....oh honey
What's the science behind this?
Need more Steven zooms in my life
"Empolyees"
My man couldn't contain himself
They are more worried about not losing some wealth than saving lives
Those teeth
The posts I do like to see repeated are "What is something creepy that happened to you?". You get a whole new wave of fresh content for me to read right before bed like an idiot.
Who is the last person over Principal Skinner?
Person below was too close to her landing spot. She shouldn't have jumped until it was clear.
Dad is glad that he got some of his genes
What's the story about the picture on the right?
The Trumps are a family of racists. You support them, you support racists.
Zero response from Trump for Covid 19 and many other things. He is a traitor to America and should be locked up for all the crimes he has committed.
The GOP doesn't believe in science and panders to uneducated individuals who don't understand science due to a country that doesn't focus on education.
A piece of human garbage
Mushy, black pool of rotten banana juices
Porn moms just need to demonstrate to their daughters how to please a man. A simple practice, just like in real life.
What sucks is that some people have these traumatic events happen to them. They tend to be the ones that avoid their triggers etc. Karens, will either make these stories up or exaggerate things to get their way. The people who go to the restaurant when she doesn't wear a mask suffer and the people who actually have these traumatic events suffer as well since they aren't as readily accommodated.
They have done it for so long its built into their blood. Widespread camera phones is a relatively new phenomenon. They can't cover up their Karen-ness. It's just that now people can film it instead of just dealing with it in real time and having the Karen twist the truth/deny.
Time for a wet hop IPA for that one
