Yes, I'm silly for looking for evidence for my own opinion. It's impossible that my opinion actually matches that of the pros and I use their experience and skill as citations that it's not just a problem that's restricted to my skill/team/rank.
Imagine being this scared of flairing up.
xQc is still a genuinely skilled player. Logan Paul's videos just cater to kids.
Heck lmao
Why? SC isn't US only.
I found most of it dull and hard to get through as someone who was born in the 90's. The whole book is a series of jokes and references targeted at people (gamers, needs and geeks) who lived through the 80's and if you didn't then a lot of it just goes straight over your head. I mean I'm a gamer and I've watched some old movies and shows but it honestly felt like he was trying to put the most obscure stuff in there to sort of counter the times he mentioned common stuff like Pacman and Monty Python. I too liked the plot but Artemis serves little purpose and the ending was so cheesy. I mean why does O wait until the end to provide refuge to the 4, does the game's founder not realise what the Sixers are doing? D literally dies ffs.
&gt;When toxicity does come about around a one-trick, it's always due to another player who, for some reason, feels they are entitled to determine what their teammates play. Blaming one-tricks over the toxicity other people throw at them is ridiculous. OK. So let everyone play what they want? Cool. I think that will lead to a fantastic ranked experience. :) I sincerely hope your games are filled with one tricks. :)
It's where you can look things up instead of making silly comments about funny soccer posts :)
You're sounding pretty toxic yourself there friend. Stay positive :) Anyway don't forget, you're entitled to play whatever character you want. Are you implying there's something wrong with being entitled?
I think the movie will be changed heavily to appeal to a younger and more mainstream audience to avoid alienating them. I only hope it doesn't ruin the vibe.
&gt;I’m still a pretty big supporter of the change. I believe that, ultimately, the Destiny franchise is heading towards becoming a collection game. -[Luke Smith](http://www.metabomb.net/destiny-2/news/game-director-luke-smith-defends-destiny-2-fixed-weapon-rolls) Idk, I just read this and assumed things I maybe shouldn't have assumed. People have asking for more vault space since D1 alpha and Bungie's excuse was the last gen consoles were holding back progress. I thought with the release of the game on PC the problem would finally be resolved.
That's true.
Yh, try Kantar
I'm talking about the present, not the future. Right now there is nothing city based about the teams. They all live and play in the same city.
Destiny is anything but flat and grey. Playing like 5mins of it would make that clear. The different planets have lots of colours: lots of red sand on Mars, lots of yellow on Io, lots of blue ocean and red metal on the Titan rigs.
Difficult to work with to create new content isn't necessarily shit. There are probably other aspects of it that compensate somewhat.
Yeah, it's a welcome change from the greys of usual FPS fare. Tbf Overwatch and Fortnite are quite colourful as well.
Yes. I played it with a 1070 and 7600k at 1440p with max settings and maintained a stable 60+FPS the entire time.
It's fine if you can read the details. You need to fill those in for UCAS.
It's a videogame, of course it's weird. So is respawning, third person view, health regeneration and many other things.
Not quite that bad in D2 yet. Exotic weapons and armour exclusively drop from the non cash shop engrams. The cash shop bright engrams drop ghosts, sparrows and ships (cosmetics except for ghosts which have bonuses like increasing drop rates for items). Unfortunately Eververse has certain legendary armour and exotic ornaments behind it as well.
Whether a game is good or not doesn't depend on whether you like its genre. There are games that you haven't played that recieve critical acclaim, these are objectively good games. You can't say they're bad because you haven't played them and the people who have have said they are good.
You're still whiffing on what defines a good game.
Just win the games retards
Asian detected. My mum's the same, she still can't believe I chose to do pure Physics instead of engineering. This is after she tried to get me to do medicine like her (like I would willingly become an NHS doctor these days).
Delta updates surely
Y'all y'all y'all
EeveeA, Ryujehong, Gale, many Koreans
She has 80% pr in GM.
It's Mercy dude
Religion just seems pointless if you can pick and choose what to believe in.
&gt;Word of God tells you not to do something &gt;You do it &gt;Claim to be a muslim ??? Can I call myself a vegetarian if I eat meat?
He's one of the most popular YouTubers on the website. It's a bit silly to act like he's unknown.
The guy's videos always reach trending for a reason.
The dude is literally on the news
That would make him ridiculously OP.
You sound more like a Mercy ot than a support main. Zen, Lucio and Moira are balanced just fine and have their own bs.
Lol nope. Look at United, City and Chelsea.
Because good high level balance means things are fair if you're good enough. The only things stopping things from being fair is your own skill level. Solution? Improve yourself. Things being fair at low level means certain things being absolutely broken at high level where players have much greater ability. What do you think would happen if Blizzard buffed Tracer to make her easier to play at Silver for example?
Exactly. I mean ffs, Ryujehong was forced off Ana and Tobi off Lucio in most matches in the WC and OWL preseason. The best Ana couldn't play Ana and the best Lucio couldn't play Lucio because of how strong the Mercy/Zen combo is.
Not true
I see you have a Galaxy S8. Why did you "throw money away" on a phone that takes months to receive updates?
If you think this is remotely true you don't spend time on r/Apple and r/android. Both sides have idiots.
Many reviewers use certain devices for a lot longer than a month. MKBHD for example used a Pixel XL as good daily driver for a year before replacing it with a Pixel 2XL.
The owl website, MLG.tv and probably twitch.
Wanting British/ European players in the one actual British/European team isn't xenophobic. &gt;The overwatch world cup is for showcasing regional talent, the OWL is for showcasing the best players in the world. Why has Blizzard based the teams in cities then? Why not just let the teams stay as original orgs?
I have no problem with the Koreans themselves, I watch them on twitch and watched them play in the preseason. I would have simply preferred a European roster for the only European team. What are you trying to imply?
I've added a few more for you to discard based on arbitrary metrics.
If you want to support American players there's an American team that allows you to do so. If you want to support EU players...you have to support American teams. See the difference? &gt;You can't ignore the fact that Fusion, Gladiators, Mayhem and more doesn't have "fans" being concerned about there not being a single American on their rosters. If they cared they could support an American team that did. Other regions don't have that option. &gt;It makes all the sense in the world when people are vocal about it being an issue. You can try and disguise it all you want. Must be an extremely advanced disguise, even I can't tell what it means even though I'm talking about it. Care to explain? Or are you content with beating around the bush?
In the absence of any other EU team may as well call it local.
If there are city based teams of course I'm going to want to support my local team. Do you not follow sports irl? This is such a strange question to me as a football fan. Do you not visit stadiums and experience local support? But in esports you can follow who you want. I'm supporting Fuel because of it's players after all.Other esports don't have city based teams so I just support who I like. That's what I did with OW when Envy and Rogue existed.
This is MK Dons all over again lmao.
Uhh what? Karachi has had supermarkets for decades lol. What do you mean by modern?
Go to school.
Not the entire season, just the first 5 weeks of the season.
[Idiot](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-42591494)
So rare though
Holy fuck you're actually thick
Just used my eyes 4head
If you watch the match you an clearly see DF playing like absolute bots. Insane feeds and staggers plus some ridiculously wasted ults.
Mickie's been awful on both Orisa and DVa
Seoul lost 1 to Fuel
&gt;you don't hear us talking about it because talking about usually just makes it worse. There's a female harassment thread on a weekly basis???
Seagull was trash on Ilios
Only if you open the OWL section.
Leicester won the league mate
Yeah American sports are 1000x better, that's why they have such amazing global viewership. Oh wait.
Still not as popular as any top football team.
That's not objectively better.
Rogue not rouge
Is Kane not a good player?
Seems like you think all sport is like American sports. European football has minimum homegrown and European player requirements. Something like London Spitfire would be against UEFA rules.
London is better!
There not all African lmao
African heritage lmao wtf? Wtf is wrong with Americans? They're American and black.
No he wasn't, he was shit.
It's already a boring ass stomp. The Koreans shit on everyone.
It's because many of these guys are just glory hunters. None of them know what it means to support your local team. They just want to support who's good.
Maybe they shouldn't have launched a league that wasn't ready.
How in any way is that racist? Are you actually dumb? It's hard to relate to people who you can't talk to. Stop labelling everything as racist just because some people happen to be a different race. Language doesn't have anything to do with race.
I was talking about LSF and not NYXL and if you can read I already said they're having lessons.
England is shit but this analogy is so wank lmao because we actually do have lots of individual talent.
I'm not assuming anything as both players and LSF management have said no one can currently speak fluent English. Once again, you seem all to eager to label comments as racism, yet accuse me of projecting.
Yet you still insist on labelling it as racism? Why are you contradicting yourself? &gt;which it seems you have seeing as you're going on a rampage Yeah, it's called reading a thread.
Ok then
Burnley are pretty good this year tbh.
Decent VR on a phone? Are you ok my dude? Phones don't have the screens nor the hardware to come anywhere close to acceptable VR. I've used Samsung VR, Daydream, Rift and Vive and the fact that people actually talk about mobile VR is a joke. Also decent design is subjective, stop mixing opinions in with facts. Lastly how pedantic do you have to be to actually mention IP68 when the Pixel 2s have IP67, who tf is out here looking for that extra 0.5m? You guys go swimming with your phone at 1.5m exactly?
He reported a symm that was throwing games but reported her by typing fuck you in every category lol.
A PC case? What a joke
ffs
There is a significant difference.
Personally, I find scrolling is much smoother on my Pixel than my iPhone. I hate how scrolling on iOS is so slow, the friction is frustrating and makes navigation slower. It's easily possible to be smooth and fast.
Basically yh. Only player in OW history to do more than 50% of his team's dmg/kills in a game. Anyone who watched FL can testify how hard Fleta carried.
I have both devices and imo there is a significant difference. I can clearly see the Pixel's colour tone and low light performance is better. Why do you not think the difference is significant?
Have you seen any of the matches dude? [This is the definition of a hard carry.](https://www.winstonslab.com/news/2017/10/14/fleta-deadlift-dps-hard-carry-finally-set-free/)
He carried them into APEX tbf. Fleta is a free elf now.
Raiola confirmed new Destiny raid boss
Judging form by the only two matches they've played?
Answer the question please. How did you link Reddit accounts to Destiny characters?
Me every day
My temps are fine lmao, this was last February.
They won't without a complete revamp. The org is corrupt af.
Mercy gamep- ResidentSleeper
Double mines can out damage Trans.
&gt;Obviously, everyone's initial choice for a team should be based on the city they're in. If you're fortunate enough to be living within one of the 11 cities that are currently represented, and enjoy supporting local teams, then your decision (outside of Los Angeles) should be straight forward. Local teams btw
The level of aim required to do that consistently is impossible to achieve for non pros. [Mercy outheals Ana in every single rank.](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-UREhSTe_d3c/WcUWXmEuncI/AAAAAAAABH4/kbChuvffMco9DSASVOI-s90FwRiDRyvswCEwYBhgL/s1600/healing.png) Not to mention ressurect, Valk and Ana having to deal with shields.
Go for it dude
...of season 2 lmao
0-4watch
r/soccer does separate threads as well.
Your data is worthless if you can't post your methodology.
Imagine people complaining about tbagging being shown what Lingard does every week.
Windows is sold in a USB these days.
&gt;$400 for an emergency room visit with a CT scan is a VERY low price No it's fucking not lmao, a very low price is it being free because your country is smart enough to have universal healthcare.
&gt;In the UK, there are about 100,000 people on a waitlist to get a CT scan ([source](https://www.england.nhs.uk/statistics/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2016/06/DWTA-Report-April-2016.pdf)). So it's a luxury to get a quick, emergency room CT scan that could potentially save your life, and it costs $400 to do so. Please learn what medical triaging is. No one who needs an emergency scan is waiting.
Not really, there's an obvious explanation.
&gt;And even then, it’s still a fact that supports and tanks are under represented compared to dps. Prove it then
Welcome to real sports. Ever been to a stadium to watch anything live? It's funny when you're there with others like you.
What a joke lmao
Teabagging is a positive good attitude? 🤔
Real life viewing figures from sport prove my point.
Sorry but "just watch the matches' is not hard data. Provide the spectating time breakdown and prove your point.
Objectively false considering it's regularly a best selling game.
You're an idiot.
If you actually go to the effort of doing that make sure you post it on r/cow as well.
There have been sports games where teams have drawn blood, makes rivalries incredibly intense. While OW is obviously a non contact 'sport', banter should be encouraged, as long as it does not target people personally based on their race/sex/ sexual orientation. Bad banter: what xQc said about Muma Good banter: xQc's shot at London Spitfire's Korean roster Muma's rolled and smoked comment
Because it has a significant impact on the game?
Finally some silverware
The drama is tied to the sport. I'm a United supporter and the [Liverpool rivalry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liverpool_F.C.%E2%80%93Manchester_United_F.C._rivalry?wprov=sfla1) is intense for a reason. I mean look at this from history: &gt;"My greatest challenge was knocking Liverpool right off their fucking perch, and you can print that." - Sir Alex Ferguson &gt;Former Liverpool goalkeeper David James said: "I could never say I hated any United players just for being United players... But the rivalry became a habit, I suppose; on England trips Liverpool lads would eat at one table, United boys at another. There was tension there and we avoided one other". &gt;Liverpool defender Neil Ruddock once broke both of United forward Andy Cole's legs in a reserve match, later saying that "I didn’t meant to break both legs, I only meant to break one... I absolutely destroyed him... I know it’s not big and it’s not clever but it was great". It makes the derby so important and the atmosphere at Anfield and Old Trafford is electric.
22 isn't young? Are you serious?
He isn't hated by the majority by a long stretch.
How are the actions of other people xQc's fault? He has already told his fans to stop harassing Muma, what more can be do?
Is that why they donate to spam insults in TTS? 🤔
This pasta is decades old lol. Has been used for hundreds of different teams.
Those flairs are perfectly accurate tbh. It's not our problem you want to avoid something so deeply intertwined with the game. The last one is a ranked game for example, it has nothing to do with OWL except having some OWL players in it. Highlights like that are posted on this sub with the highlight tag regularly, why should the rules be changed just so you can avoid OWL players? Same with News, Humour and other tags. They're accurate.
&gt;Vicious false reports &gt;Vicious 😂😂😂
&gt;One of the most highly-regarded papers in the world Based on what?
&gt;uh, it *wasn't* deeply intertwined with the game a week and a half ago Things change. &gt;what is the point of an Esports tag if not to filter out esports content? Last post has nothing to do with esports. &gt;It's not what I'm here for, and quite frankly it's not what 1,092,771 people were here for a week and a half ago, either. Well they are now. Upvotes don't lie.
Alright mate, whatever, I look forward to you lot finally winning something this decade.
The comment was arguably homophobic but was clearly not meant as a homophobic insult. Regardless, the response by Muma tells you all you need to know about this controversy.
I appreciate the effort you're going to. If you post it on r/cow it will definitely be viewed by the casters and analysts who visit that sub.
This is true.
Would make no sense in this context but you clearly assume the worst in others.
You're judging people you don't know just because they prefer a different streaming style than you, that's pretty pathetic. Some of his viewers are the nicest streamers on twitch, Ark and Dafran for example.
His stream is not on a delay. If it was on a delay swapping comps wouldn't have done anything. He waited until 20s because you can't go back to spawn and switch as defenders by that time.
Oof
Well he has never been homophobic before and clearly wants to show he's sorry by his actions and not just his words, I don't see what's wrong with that.
Arkham Knight was actually fixed by its devs.
Played it in April last year and it was fully fixed. Ran it with everything maxed including all the Nvidia effects with excellent performance. Locked 60fps (vsync) with a 1070 at 1440p. Arkham Knight is a far better game than Nier rn if we're talking bugs and performance.
CPU? My 7600k is overclocked to 4.8GHz.
&gt;After all, Bungie is our personal slave company and should deserve no more, it owes us everything and we are entitled to demand whatever we wish for! We paid for the fucking game
And it's shit
It's ok for others to have different opinions.
Still a dumb af argument saying we can't complain about something we bought.
European titles includes CL and EL.
Do you need an i7 for high single core clocks or for more threads?
Good speakers are succinct.
&gt;Like, why I'm even bothering to update just for some small bugfixes that didn't affect me personally. No wonder Windows 10 is the way it is, you people are dumb af.
Unity was remarkable though. Amazing crowds and ridiculous lighting systems.
I use it daily and wouldn't say it's a shitshow at all.
It is your choice to agree to the terms and conditions of using Windows, software which is licensed to you. Average users simply cannot be relied upon to keep software up to date by themselves.
Does it?
[Two definitions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homegrown_Player_Rule_%28UEFA%29?wprov=sfla1) [Better explanation here](https://www.inbrief.co.uk/football-law/football-quotas-and-home-grown-player-rule/)
Fuck off, it's r/overwatch
TotalBiscuit is ahead of the curve, has been dragging out 10min videos into half an hour for years.
https://twitter.com/ggDoA/status/956326616543580160
xqcSkull
Imagine a hero ban, Mercy and Junk absolutely eviscerated from the meta.
Skins...
Why would they ban Tracer or a second healer?
Why would they ban the highest skill cap hero? She's not on every map btw. Fairly sure Tracer has a lower pr than Mercy, Zen, Winston and DVa. Literally every team has a Tracer specialist for a reason. Other healers are balanced and fun to play against. Mercy is not balanced because she is the only healer than can resurrect dead players.
What's the point of banning the highest skill cap character in the game though?
Streams are not a professional setting.
It's an accurate observation and imo wasn't meant as an insult.
The team is half Korean, tf do you mean Western?
Carpe, Gamsu, Neko and Striker seem to be doing well.
Half Korean
Doesn't make them American
&gt;Again, if any ordinary office worker had a stream where he said stuff like that he'd be fired. Fired for what work related reason exactly? You can't fire people just because you feel like it where I am.
Korean isn't Western by any means
The main London airport is Heathrow, followed by Gatwick. Why use City?
&gt;In games with dedicated servers, is it ever the case that the game isn’t as responsive as it would be with P2P? Not in FPS'
Alternatively you can use your brain to detect sarcasm.
Capital letters please.
It's you who doesn't understand how British sports work.
Genuinely yes
World cups, Euros and any other national team competitions would be hilariously boring as the good teams get better and the bad teams get worse every generation.
Utd v Liverpool as well
Have fun talking to bots then
Good times
Yeah yeah whatever, everything is toxic to you lot.
So they can't?
Missed by absolutely no one lmao, foh
chill dude
EU is dead
Because half this sub are bronze Mercy ots
The tears are wonderful
&gt;Grown men throwing tantrums worse than my toddler. Have you never worked retail/ food service?
Probably the most embarrassing thing I can think of. Plastic af.
Can't find raid and NF partners for the life of me.
Shouldn't be a surprise then
I do lmao. It's funny. Also a Brit.
Awful
It's entertainment mate. Who gives a fuck about toxicity.
Or Enterlude
xQc
Sibilance. Space, Super, Sinatraa, Sleepy.
It's kind of cute how naive people are. A significant proportion of t500 boost.
Boosting has always been against ToS and whether it occurred before or after OWL doesn't make a difference. Blizzards inconsistent punishments are blatant favouritism and pandering towards OWL, their big investment. Anyone who plays in contenders can go fuck themselves though. In what world is someone getting a year ban from contenders and a 4 game suspension from OWL for the same crime acceptable?
Literally who said that?
&gt;Comparing ladder to tournies 😂😂😂😂
&gt;Blizzard wanting their competitive mode to have more competitive integrity and to be taken more seriously. If they want their competitive mode to be taken seriously maybe they should actually fix it. Maybe should start with banning one tricks. Maybe they should fix how Plats can duo with silvers with a 1000sr difference between them. Maybe they should add role queue so we don't end with 5 Rein mains on the same team. Maybe they should fix heroes that have been bugged since launch. Maybe they should actually balance it to professional standards. There's a lot of reasons people don't take ranked seriously.
Sado apologists on suicide watch
Blizzard doesn't give a fuck what anyone who isn't American thinks
Beat everyone in PIT tbf, including NA contenders champs. If they're worth nothing Fusion Uni and every team in NA contenders might as well disband.
You seem to confuse a literal interpretation with a hyperbolic analogy to aid in making a point.
Apparently not
Is 9 NA teams not enough?
Californiawatch League™
Yes because the amount of time you give them to switch varies. I'm going to be a lot more lenient with a 100hr Widow than a 10hr Widow.
You need good aim with Mei if you want to play in a decent rank.
He's going to cast the Outlaws Fuel derby this week. Join the discord if you're interested. Usually much better than OWL casting.
&gt;I've definitely used it to try to grasp what my enemy comp might be like but I've never found it to be beneficial from a teamwork aspect. If you want to know someones primary role or have questions about their performance, ask them. There's literally nothing preventing you from using comms to gather information about your teammates in order to form a cohesive team composition, nor is there a shortage of time pre-match to talk it out. Has it maybe crossed your mind not everyone speaks English? Are you completely ignoring that? Your privilege blinds you to your ignorance. Many people in EU aren't bilingual. I'll just ask the Russians 4Head
No, it's live
Play in qp or get a smurf
My experience is entirely different
Shit talked Dafran on stream. Don't dish out what you can't take. Besides stating rank is just a fact.
But also entertainment
Smartwatches so no. Invigilators can't check every one.
I've literally never caught flack for playing dps as a flex tank/support.
Gold/Plat/Diamond. Gold is dps, other two are flex. Usually play late at night, meet loads of russians who couldn't flame me if they tried. Also main Zen so I guess people know my aim isn't shit.
Til networking doesn't involve reputation.
https://twitter.com/DF_Taimou/status/1004624576796430336?s=19
I'm a Rein main on two accounts this season. Haven't played more Rein than Zen since like season 4.
I want a support dps hitscan hybrid that heals allies whenever he shoots someone and all his abilities stun :) Their ult would be like soldier's visor except with Ana darts instead of bullets
&gt;Racist homophobe straight white male allowed to return to World Cup &gt;Blizzard has confirmed that Felix 'xQc' Lengyel, toxic twitch streamer that bullies people in ranked and whose house was raided earlier this month on suspicion of domestic abuse, has been approved to compete in the OWWC.
I doubt they'll play WC on new Symm patch.
I wonder why
Yes
Most pros speak English
You can literally ignore the reason popup. If you're here on mobile like the majority of Reddit nothing happens. &gt;I think if you comment aggressively on np. links you can get banned? Np is a shitty mod hack that has never been endorsed by the admins. Nothing will happen unless you're brigading.
xQc can't play PIT, roster was locked without him
Nothing consistently draws aggro
130 apparently on my Pixel
&gt;it's not like Quake Champions where I can sit in queue for 10 minutes. Because your rank isn't high enough
So does Overwatch tbh. It's the cartoon aesthetic. Bright colours and fancy skins to attract younger players.
I didn't ruin SC pro scene
Not wrong
Apparently Blizzard doesn't care/ rarely listens to what pros post in there.
Yh, look it up
Trash bronze tier analysis
Obviously, it's a casual game pretending to be an esport
The line of best fit is negative...30k is trash for a game as big as OW.
Muh events, muh events! Ignore the actual ranked mode, let's talk about skins! Ignore the fact that Blizzard never releases numbers btw.
The simple fact that it hasn't happened yet and I can separate the present from the future? What is wrong with you? Do you realise we live in the here and now and rn they're in LA? Do you think it's ok to have a relationship with a minor because they'll be legal eventually? Of course not. What a stupid argument. I'll call them a London team when they're in London.
Much easier to play Brig comp than Dive
Man looks like a hobo. Shower and get a proper haircut lmao. What did the last barber do to him?
Predictable
Watchu mean bruh, I've been here since arc 6. This trim is scuffed.
Doesn't mean the concept's bad
Are you really still calling OW an fps?
Rainbow Six Siege
It's not against rules, I simply detest appreciation posts. They contribute nothing.
No, the audience just favours clips and GIFs that are easier to digest. Use your brain please. Content creators have said this time and time again. Most of r/cow is as casual as r/ow.
Yw. Easy karma btw.
PL viewership starts strong, dips in the middle then picks up near the end as relegation and CL/EL spots are decided. Naturally OWL will just decline because it's thoroughly boring. No relegation and the winners are already decided.
&gt;Winners are normally decided for PL by the end of the season much like overwatch, No they aren't. Plus as I said there's CL, EL and relegation to keep you interested. &gt;Football is also thoroughly boring as well and very much overpaid to kick a ball around for 90 minutes a week for a single match. Lmfao. Boring is subjective and overpaid is just wrong. They're paid exactly as much as they deserve. This is how wages work. It is the most watched sport in the world after all, by far. I ready don't see what your opinion on football or pay has to do with this discussion.
Interesting how you could have personally told the casters, players and employees but decided to post it on Reddit instead. Sincerity btw.
This is how sports work
It's fun for everyone else. Eventually the punching bag will be someone else and Houston fans can have a go.
Eh not really. r/soccer doesn't have them and I remember them being painfully unfunny when someone started to do them. It's too forced when you have a thread for them plus it's expected so there's nothing surprising. And tbh Reddit really isn't witty enough for weekly threads, the same insults get recycled every week. Need to wait longer for more material.
I've said this before and been downvoted for it, it's honestly pathetic how you can support direct rivals. What happens when they play each other?
Insane, backfires when all of your players quit.
Space, xQc and Custa were all on Arc 6 together. Former teammates cheering for each other FeelsStrongMan
Yeah...$20m return within a year doesn't seem likely.
It's fourth in the US
We will watch his career with great interest
Fucking plastic
Not really
Literally every other game
It does though
Yes really, what you're describing is exactly bandwagoning. He's choosing a team because of their recent success. It's textbook bandwagoning.
Yes it is. [This Gallup poll](https://news.gallup.com/poll/224864/football-americans-favorite-sport-watch.aspx) says the order is American Football, basketball, baseball, football. If you have combined online and terrestrial and combined global leagues and all comps viewership statistics then I'd love to see them but I can't find any. I've sourced my order, can you source yours? I also like you ignore the US having 300 million more people to draw from 😂
Oh good, my food isn't literally dogshit! A 5 star meal!
Yes it is, very much. The difference being Brits weren't put in American camps and racially abused during ww2.
OWL players are drug tested.
He has the extension
You missed him talking about Zen trans
The words you can't understand are him saying enemy Zen had trans ready for grav.
Maybe I'd play more if they fixed the game in a timely fashion.
&gt;needs to be nipped before it even starts(its arguable it already has). Definitely has. Look at Widow's grappling hook cd being reduced.
Wtf is this cherry picking lmao, do metropolitan areas not count as the US or something?
Data caps don't exist in most developed countries. Seems like you're living in your own bubble.
People just like to embellish the story
&gt; That being said the size of Australia coupled with a relatively small population is the reason we have capped plans 90% of your population lives in the cities though?
Perl
Yes, he was comparing the sens from the original video to the mouse flicks in his mousecam.
I believe you have no idea what you're talking about. FIFA players??? 😂
The batteries weren't faulty, the engineering was putting unfair stress on them.
Tunisia tried their hardest tbf
xQc started out as a League streamer qsniping T1.
&gt;It's just harder to do since we're talking traditional sports structures with teams. Oh my god, how could this possibly work? Oh wait, it's the standard format in the world's most popular sport.
Relegation doesn't mean people don't care about money. Most sports leagues with relegation have rich successful teams while treating the sport as an actual competition and not a silly show where the organisers are beholden to the whims of team owners. Team owners are just unwilling to take the risk of having their team do badly and get relegated whereas in football for example, it's just accepted that you have to earn your right to stay in the league and owners do take that risk. The payoff is a much more fluid transition between different tiers of competition and an elimination of extreme laziness where teams know they will be punished for coming last. The payoff for owners is the potential for any team to climb to the top tiers of competition and be able to compete with the best which means more revenue.
&gt;Yeah you could tell how all the bottom teams in OWL were lazy, like Dallas taking 3 stages to get a new coach and Shanghai not trying to fix their issues faster, there was no over-looming threat of relegation. Exactly. I follow PL football and managerial changes happen so much faster when there's actually something on the line. It was painful sitting there watching Kyky fucking up Dallas week by week and listen to retarded fans who have never watched sport continue to insist it wasn't his fault even though it clearly was while PL teams fire managers in weeks and some go through multiple managers a month. [Like look at this table.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017–18_Premier_League#Managerial_changes) Look what happens when management actually cares about performance. 9 teams changed manager at least once. 4 twice. You simply can not dawdle like Hastro did.
Japanese prisoners were AMERICAN CITIZENS not POW. Educate yourself so you know what I'm even referring to.
They were American citizens not POWs. Big difference.
No. You're allowed a 25 man squad for a reason just like you're allowed a 12 man squad in OWL. If you're Seoul and Fleta gets injured it's your fault for not having a suitable substitute. Players get injured in every sport every season, it's up to the manager to ensure he has enough players to rotate and substitute effectively. But honestly if your team goes to shit when one player gets injured you aren't a good team in the first place. You're just overreliant on your carry. This is something a lot of teams who only have one person capable of shotcalling will learn. Besides what do you mean by suddenly? A PL season is 38 games. An OWL season is 40 games. There's no suddenly involved. There's a lot of time to adapt and for players to return. If you're consistently poor to the extent you get relegated you can't blame injuries. It's poor management. You can't rely on one person that heavily in a team game.
Strong sudden financial investment in a team is actually considered cheating in many parts of the world in football. Look at the way people talk about Manchester City or PSG.
HYPERBRUH
Real life sports don't support this argument at all. Plenty of PL clubs have massive followings despite being shit. Liverpool hasn't won anything for a decade and has more fans than almost every team.
It's really not, certainly not the Skyfox either.
Explain Shanghai over Boston, Florida and Shock then.
So how do Shanghai and Florida have fans then? Legacy fanbase?
Lmao fuck off
Yes and as well all know, no one complains about capitalism because it's a perfect system.
Thanks for your opinion Derek.
He doesn't.
Those are pro players. Looks like a lot is irrelevant to you. Do you only follow Outlaws?
Two years is pretty short, especially for a Blizzard game and an esport that's supposed to revolutionise esports. Yet already we have streamers and pro players burning out and quitting. People have played CS for a decade.
This definitely wasn't true for the og games. Anyway, Halo 2 came out 3 years after CE, 3 came out 3 years after 2 and Reach came out 3 years after 3. OW has only been out for 2. Regardless it's strange how you can nitpick CoD and Halo yet completely ignore all the other games. League? Dota? CS?
Imagine thinking marketing can keep a game alive.
It's disappointing when a game that has so much potential is merely good.
He's t500, don't think LFG is going to help.
Pay quickplay then.
&gt;that still doesn’t mean xqc a former OWL player, WC player made rookie ass mistakes. This isn't special. I've seen rookie mistakes in OWL, contenders and PIT. I've seen OWL widows miss ez shots and tanks feed their ass off. I've seen Karius gift goals to RM in the CL final. I've seen multiple own goals in the WC. It's not noticeable to make mistakes, even if you're a pro. You don't lose games because of small mistakes. &gt; come on dude how are you defending that shit Where am I defending that? You're so obsessed with blaming xQc you fail to notice I didn't mention scrims once.
&gt;Yes you definitely do lose games because of small mistakes, the very last fight and he feeds and forces him team to take the fight 5v6 that loses them the game that mistake right there cost them a chance to win. How was it his small mistake that lost them the game when the teams were in a 99-99 position in the first place? &gt; He fails to help his team win first control point a huge proponent of success on KotH by failing to activate fortify so he doesn't get pulled off. Because it's impossible to retake right? &gt; Of fucking course Tensa d/cing is a factor in their games(wasn't in the maps I referenced), of course Sit failed to secure kills(Again wasn't an issue on nepal which i again specifically mentioned). Why are you mentioning certain players and maps and not others? &gt;And on top of that you completely ignore the absolute dickest move of him not showing up to scrims Haven't seen any proof of this. Coluge has said that GOATS doeasn't scrim a lot in the past though so... &gt;the dude completely fucked over a team. Pretty sure it wasn't xQc that got Coluge and Gator banned. Hardly his fault GOATs doesn't make it out of trials when they recruited him a week before.
Your philosophy results in subs degrading until they turn turn into generic karmawhoring cesspits devoid of an quality content like r/pics. No thanks.
And then people like you will come over and ruin that as well.
Why come to this sub if you're going to disparage T2 players? Maybe you should stick to All access twitch chat.
Obviously enough do that it causes major problems otherwise you would have said the same for supports or tanks.
Imagine not being subbed. Those are twitch ads lol.
Not really
This thesis is a far cry from the original we saved Europe hurr durr. Who would have guessed nuance is required.
Link this specific rule
It's a low effort insult.
Zzzz
The $2.50 is not a set amount, it's the bare minimum you start with. xQc receives a far larger cut due to his channel success. I used 3.50 as a conservative estimate although I've heard certain fortnite streamers might be on even more generous deals.
Imagine thinking this is bait when literally every game is GOATS and it takes the team months to nerf mercy. Blizzard fanboys lul, play games with decent devs.
Because OW is clearly targeted at mature gamers lmao
I'm perfectly fine with the idea of a forced 2-2-2 role queue.
Guxue over Mano
&gt;I'm offering up the comparison to the U.S. Constitution because that specific clause exists to prevent the government from applying unfair penalties and other abuses of power. This is Korea you absolute mongoloid.
Based on?
Presumably he's talking about the UK seeing as it's r/Britishproblems and doesn't really care what happens in the arse end of North Dakota.
The UK, are you blind? It's r/BritishProblems
Just wondering why you're surprised a British person isn't talking about Mississipi in r/Britishproblems.
&gt;examples from a region that as a whole tends to get a whole lot less cold A region that is completely irrelevant to r/BritishProblems. Are people from your state so desperate for attention? Are you just confused at the fact countries have different climates?
You can swear on the internet dude.
He mains Orisa as well.
Lmao, it's been a standard in mobas for years.
Just like hero limits and time bank right?
Def was SA
Comedy Russell ruins every stream he's on
He spent like 7 hours on abyss watchers yesterday.
KKonaW
Literally got bronze in WC with only two weeks of practice against pros PepeLmao
Disagree tbh
NHS is actually very efficient relative to other large organisations, both state and corporate.
Ipn and Luddee
Soda and xQc haven't had major success yet both of them had more viewers than Ninja last night 🤔
Oh wow a whole 1080p
&gt;Google's wouldn't be the Pixel 3, it would be the Pixel 3 XL. ???? The only difference is the size and screen res which doesn't matter bc dpi is still good enough.
What are you on, I'm European and this is definitely not normal.
Look at a map
&gt;the sexist/racist/homophobic/transphobic/ableist circlejerk that makes up this sub. Lmfao
Down in MAU PepeLmao
That's ridiculously overpriced lmfao.
For like a week lmfao
Arsenal play in the Emirates you absolute mongoloid, that's in London. Also they have British players in the squad.
How is it entertaining to play, the vast majority of pro players say it sucks dick. Anyone who scrims can verify this, it's the same shit week after week, 8 ults per fight and nothing dies.
You sound like you're bronze.
No, just someone who actually knows how the pro scene feels. Makes sense you're diamond if you're typing such utter trash. Here's a fun fact: Seagull spent most of OWL S1 playing DVa. That's an offtank, not a dps.
The internet's actually awful compared to many other countries.
&gt; Other countries don't have much of a craft scene so there's not as much experimentation going on You must be retarded to believe this. European countries have breweries older than the US. How do you even rate breweries?
BT and it is FTTP
What do you need explaining? He's entertaining.
It's not
Winning&gt;second place. No one remembers the runner up.
&gt;The fastest, most active, most cancerous and most fun chat in existence. Doesn't Forsen limit spam to 3 lines?
Why are you making fun of people for being normies when you're a normie yourself that's weird af
You're on lsf
He's handsome, tall, extremely rich and successful, popular, entertaining and charismatic. Guy is a catch.
I can't. The streams were just random ow streams, I don't know how to find them. Try YouTube?
True but you can still tell they're not exactly geniuses.
I'd like him to play what he wants without chat crying.
They work more than they don't.
Probably not. Google Analytics is built into Android and is also used by most websites. You also have to consider that what you do is almost entirely negated by the fact that everyone around you physically and digitally doesn't take the same precautions. You go to a park, most people will have assistant. Same with most people you email, text, take a picture with etc. Personally I'd exchange it though. I use Assistant with earphones but a beanie seems a bit odd.
He went to Subway during the Blizzcon 2017 stream. Was pretty funny.
1. If xQc was annoyed he'd kick him. 2. No, I'm not watching rn, it's Christmas LULW. I watched for a bit and it seemed like xQc was having fun.
&gt;kinda retarded to have such strong feelings for a topic you know nothing about WeirdChamp Kinda retarded to think you're entitled to tell a streamer what to do just because you watch too
&gt;I watched for a bit I can read Pepega
Nerfed into oblivion FeelsOkayMan
Yes she was lmao. Her main combo does next to no damage which makes it much easier to pressure her.
&gt;you really think people pick brig for her damage? Obviously not but before the nerf both her pickrate and winrate were balanced in pro play, the main complaint was that she felt oppressive to play against and enabled GOATs. The stun damage nerf makes her stun much less oppressive. Armour making sustained damage impotent is just bad design with how shields, armour and health interact.
If only there was a system of upvotes and downvotes that let everyone express their opinion. And then a flair system so minority users could filter popular streamers. Stop being a retard and use the tools given to you.
Yes
No wonder she got banned for racism
Sidebar
&gt;You can’t really weirdchamp the OW group because they’ve been watching and supporting xqc longer than anyone else Wrong. QC League gang was here before OW.
&gt;At least his spam of clips didn't happen anywhere near as much as xqc's spam. Because xQc actually streams
So OWL is an American League with all American teams?
This joke ran its course literally 10 years ago.
You're just technologically illiterate dude, much like my mum calling every console an Xbox. Ryzen has been a solid lineup and finally forced Intel to make i5s more than quad core. Every Intel user should be happy the competition has forced Intel to actually improve their chips.
They are and I don't really understand why they're making fun of a streamer actually doing things to entertain his viewers.
I guarantee you xQc has more LGBT viewers than Annedro.
There's always been talent on twitch. Chess GMs, pro musicians, pro gamers etc. make it to the front page of this sub regularly.
Even crazier how xqc earns the $100 back in the time it takes to play the game.
It's not even that, talented streamers show up on here daily. Lilypichu and Albert play instruments really well, Hikaru plays chess at a GM level, Shroud and xQc used to be pro in CS and OW respectively.
You're part of the problem. Their face and respiratory system is completely deformed, it's not cute, it's sad.
Mobile gaming LULW
No, garage streams Fix it Felix best Felix
WeirdChamp Stop
Definitely not. Idk where you live but you can be murdered for being LGBT in many countries. No one's trying to make DNA lmao, except CRISPR
Most people aren't
Seething
Neither Choi nor Violet are NA?
Sinatraa yes, Super no
He has severe social anxiety. Having been to large events like E3 the crowds are extremely stressful even for neurotypical people used to crowded daily commutes. Imagine what it must be like to be socially anxious and be the centre of attention for literally thousands of fans, (not all of who are behaving/ have good intentions) while streaming while probably jet lagged and tired from partying all night. Seems like a nightmare.
Are people not allowed to play games forsen has played?
Such deep shit that Blizz never banned him from the league and have invited him to host the ow fireside stream last year after Jeff Kaplan personally thanked him at Blizzcon for producing good ow content. Also he has a media pass for Blizzcon 2019 already. He was never in deep shit, it was a facade to placate the baying twitter mob and corporate sponsors. He's still allowed to associate with Contenders/OWL teams (GLA and GLA Legion) and play at OWWC which they'd never allow for someone like DK. Plus OWL talent and players regularly interact with his stream and social media in public, something that would be forbidden for someone actually ex communicado.
This sort of technological illiteracy in 2019 is physically painful. Embarrassing.
Imagine unironically mocking AMD when Ryzen was the only reason your 8700k wasn't yet another quad core 8 thread i7. Does your 8700k run a stable 5GHz btw?
No I'm definitely getting the word nonce
Who tf is Gigz lmao. xQc was literally one of the best mt in the game, played for team Canada and Dallas Fuel.
You can go on twinge.tv and see that xQc streams more than 10h daily on average and most of that is gameplay. Why choose to remain ignorant?
So someone who has accomplished nothing in pro ow? Why would he know a 200 viewer streamer that hasn't competed in the og scene, owl or owwc?
Gigz is a 200 viewer Andy, barely anyone outside of the 2k people in the Destiny twitch section knows who he is so I'm hardly alone in that. I haven't played Destiny since they released masterworks, only came back after I saw xQc playing it to see if I should reinstall. Found this thread on the front page. Comparitively xQc is one of the biggest variety streamers on the platform, not just an ow pro. He literally pulled 100x Gigz' viewers playing his main game, so don't talk about relevancy lmao. I wasn't the one bringing up ow in the first place.
&gt;The people working for Tesla in general know what they're getting into, and have other options. Justifying worker mistreatment like a retard
Do you have a point
These are all awful stream games. Sleep streams are more interesting than watching Warframe or Sd valley. SD valley is literally made to be relaxing and Warframe is exclusively played with yt or something on your second monitor to ease the mind numbingly boring grind.
Yeah the pro is you have more money and the con is poor people die of preventable diseases.
Why are you upset? Is it because he is far more popular and successful than you?
Yes
&gt;he's in a professional team. You have to be a 10iq brainlet to actually believe pvc will ever play, he clearly is only there for the visa.
He was originally a league streamer u new ow friends
He didn't stream skateboard stuff
Don't Americans literally die from treatable gum infections because they can't afford dentists?
MtF transexuals have to dilate their neovaginas to stop them healing. Telling someone to dilate is calling them a trans person. Or if you know they're trans it's reminding them of the difference between them and cis women. There are other subtler meanings and connotations which are harder to explain without the context of r/drama where the image is from.
u/trappysaruh is a trans degenerate mod of the sub
Watching live TV in 2019 LULW
TRUE LULW Also netflix/ Amazon prime/ twitch/ youtube
It's not a joke that's literally what many people do to watch shows and movies
Link a study not some anecdotal yt video brainlet
&gt;Streamer does thing which made him popular and gained him a huge following &gt;Lmaooo recycling content looool just do something new every day dude Pepega
He says that all the time. There was no trash that left anyway, viewers remained steady.
Simmer down retard, no one said that
Bunker is so much better Kapp
Rubbish as usual
Projection
The national anthem is awful and labour should put replacing it with something less dull in their manifesto. The prelude of international sporting events is embarrassing. Personally in favour of anything by Adele, or failing that, AJ Tracey.
Vast majority of students pay taxes. Income tax and NI on part time jobs, VAT on purchases, fuel duty on petrol. It's kind of impossible to avoid VAT.
They might have shot another MP or two
&gt;Few students have part time jobs earning over £12,500 a year, so income tax is unlikely. Even the £8300 or so that it takes to get into paying NI is a fair whack for a part time job, since the average student who worked was earning [far less than that as of the last figures I can find](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/11794199/Rise-in-number-of-university-students-in-paid-work.html) (2015) This article shows that the average wage is £1600+ per month for men and £1k for women which is definitely at least £12,000 per year? Half earn more than that.
It's not authoritarian
&gt;Right now, AI and Automation are probably 20-50 years off from causing major issues or being useful for revenue generation. If you don't plan for systematic change like this decades in advance it will sweep politics aside.
Nominal median income in the US is $32k. That's less than you make with 1100 subs at the basic partner rate. I don't think you understand how obscenely rich top streamers are. xQc is comfortably outearning 99% of all humans.
Sunrise in the UK is 8AM and sunset 4PM. It's winter in the UK, which means 16h of darkness.
Anywhere from £5 to £10/h. The higher end only if you're above 18.
For most it has, especially considering it's underfunded and the government refuses to train enough doctors and nurses.
The Chinese are a one party state tbf, they don't have to worry about many things we do. They could forcibly relocate entire villages and people couldn't do anything.
99 zeroes 10^2= 100
To the best of my knowledge they are reversible
Probably the lack of networking you miss out on by not going to university.
50 fermions Pog
Shia Vs Sunni wars were happening before the US was even a colony
Say sike rn
No he's right. I've gained 50+ SR per win on new accounts in gold. That's on orisa
[British Social Attitudes Surveys](https://Britsocat.com) &gt;Respondents religion (2015) Non religious 48.6% Christian ~33% &gt;Would you describe yourself as … extremely religious // extremely non-religious? (2008) Extremely religious 1.4% Very religious 5.5% Somewhat religious 29.5% Neither 22.2% Somewhat non-religious 10.5% Very non-religious 13.5% Extremely non-religious 12.7% Can't choose 3.0% Not answered 1.6% You can cross reference and filter these on pc , I'm on phone rn. It shows Christians lacking faith. Please give up this illusion of the UK, this country is getting more and more secular by the day.
Insta
Amazon could afford to lose money on everything except AWS and still make a profit. Thinking Amazon is only a retailer is like thinking Samsung only makes phones. Conglomerates like Amazon, Alphabet, Microsoft and Samsung can subsidise poor performing sectors with the profits of others.
Put me in the ss Monte
From malding at xQc to malding at his protégé, how predictable what rank are you on all roles?
Later bitch
I'd lock monkey lol
How can you study cs and find basic stats difficult
Avoid them
It's easier to see who's doing nothing with scoreboard than it is with replays, which you can't use before the game is over. It should be obvious to everyone who's performing poorly like in any other competitive game so you can potentially change strategy before the game is completely lost. I want to win games, not have a safe space.
Except literally the first thing you notice is that the kill feed only tells you who landed the final blow, not who did the most damage. What an idiotic statement. Different roles have different perspectives on the fight. I can't tell what's happening in the backline when I'm mt like I can when I'm Zen. At the end of the day just grow up. It's a video game, nothing anyone says matters. You are like a child who needs to be coddled and insulated from reality.
Please do not be upset about words said by strangers over the internet.
Just listen to his calls. Like I said, they're just words that will be lost to time once the game ends. Or mute him, the game is predictable enough at high elo.
No, it's a design decision rather than an input limitation. You can't separate them on pc either.
Lmfao just go farm zombies in minecraft if you can't handle players being better than you. What a silly thing to say about any competitive environment. Which trials is btw, bc there are several other pvp modes for casual play.
You're right, Germany removed all Nazi statues and now no one knows who Hitler is or the Holocaust happened.
If only the UK had an education system to teach children.
Where is the massive world in destiny?
No, but it doesn't make it a massive world. Not sure if you're aware but that phrase has a specific meaning in mmos.
https://i.imgur.com/ZFeL9yC.png &gt;Have no clue why the fuck people like you are against this Bc storage is cheap af and I don't want to lose access to content I've paid for? Here dude for the cost of 1 D2 xpac: [a £35 240GB SSD.](https://uk.pcpartpicker.com/product/4697YJ/western-digital-green-240-gb-m2-2280-solid-state-drive-wds240g2g0b)
Don't really know how you can be stupid enough to blame pvp players for wanting a balanced fun crucible instead of Bungie for not balancing pvp and pve separately. It's perfectly logical for weapons that work well against bot ai on open maps to be frustrating in a 6v6 mp gamemode on enclosed maps. Just seems like completely misplaced blame.
Because mt doesn't leave blights lol. I'm talking about zones in control and area denial. You're comparing apples to oranges.
He's right tho lol. Every raid is beaten in 24h or less blind on day 1 and condensed into a 10m video the next. Destiny mechanics are not wow. Playing against skilled humans will obviously be harder than playing against rudimentary ais and solvable puzzles.
&gt;Queue times were a ludicrous 5-10 mins just to play control. That's not ludicrous lol. That's standard high elo q in League/OW/CS. Natural consequence of smaller player pool at high elo.
Still can't believe you get none from raids or dungeons
&gt;My fav game is FFXiV, but I havent been able to play it for 4 months. When I jump back in next week, I know I need to power grind. Sounds like shit lmao
&gt; Like why not end stream if you’re that tired, so others can get the viewers? If your stream is so monumentally boring people choose to watch someone sleeping over you that's no one's fault but yours.
&gt;but people will sit on their computer and watch other people play games for hours. literally all sports But also streamers are entertainers. It's like watching tv.
Nah. It doesn't track cumulative battlenet and steam time accurately.
There aren't any new ordeals. They're all the same strikes.
Calling them ordeals doesn't make them new content.
I don't consider 15k players an expansive and robust player base.
It won't show, me servers are in the EU region and automatically selected if you have a good connection to them. You don't.
