What's yellow and can't swim? A bulldozer.
There has never been a case of puberty blocker regret. This tells me that the current rules and regulations regarding the use of them are thorough enough. Possibly too thorough if you think about it; banning them altogether would also result in no regrets. We just know so far we're on the left side of the line. Also I would argue that forcing a trans kid to through puberty, in particular, is in fact the immoral position, and causes permanent damage. Actual, provable damage, rather than theoretical damage, should someone ever change their mind. A trans kid and in particular a trans girl who has gone through puberty will have a much much tougher time transitioning and passing than one who hasn't.
First up, glad to hear you pulled through. I wouldn't wish this kind of thing on anyone. Have you started unconsciously moaning? It happened to my dad after his heart attack (61, he survived it by the skin of his teeth). Suddenly he'd find himself moaning. When he was awake it seemed like an unconscious reflex but in his sleep it sounded like he was being tortured. We'd wake him up and all and he'd look at us like we were crazy. But it was super loud; mum eventually made him sleep in a different room.
I am frankly quite disappointed in my coworkers that nobody did.
An area might be helpful.
Facebook says Frank'd is just on holiday for 2 weeks.
It's like a whole other world. I don't even know what half those terms mean.
Fledge
Admittedly I took advantage of this on occasion. But then Tumblr went and blocked out users that werent signed up, and I wasn't going to make a Tumblr just to see their stuff. I don't Tumbl.
Oh I couldn't figure out Gdlk nice
Look I can't help that you're wrong but to be fair I quite like Flipside and V and the Burger Hunters fb group hate them.
impatient, unless you're saying you were too much like someone who has been committed to a medical facility
ALL OF THESE FUCKING THINGS.
Your driving instructor is a fucking idiot.
I've never been too concerned with so-called right-lane hogs, until I got stuck behind one doing 95 on Roe Higway this week. MOVE, BITCH, GET OUT THE WAY
Sushi with Goons, Freo. Pink Rice used to be good, not sure how they hold up these days.
Otherwise try Super A-Mart. Easier to get to than IKEA, and honestly a similar product range.
This sucks.
10 year olds dont read articles, they watch YouTube.
I suspect they're plenty strong for poop but not strong enough to make a big heavy bag. Also they're still plastic so I suspect they're not actually "biodegradable" in the true sense of the word.
At least he wasn't diddling kids. But on the other hand there's a Commandment against stealing, and no Commandment against diddling kids. Why is there no Commandment against diddling kids?
Thanks Stannis!
I have two thoughts and they're polar opposites. One is to try tourist places that would be used to dealing with special needs folks. Even if this client is high-functioning, taking them to risky areas might require some experience to accomodate, and places like that may well be willing to do so. I'm thinking the zoo would be a prime candidate. The second would be to try mid-sized building-owning companies such as shopping centers, or government buildings. They won't have the risk-averse mentality of corporations, but may well have a certain amount of goodwill they'd like to feel warm and fuzzy about, particularly at this time of year.
I dunno aside from the electrical hazard from the shower water dissociating while playing skyrim sounds interesting. Look after yourself pal &lt;3
Then I'm doubly sorry you missed out, mate. Best of luck with the next one.
Well the thing there is twofold, first I don't know what trauma the baggage claim caused you but it's not that bad, second my entire point is that the carry on size limits are way too big. If it doesn't fit under your seat you shouldn't be carrying it on. In fact I think instead of charging excess baggage or whatever, they should charge for more than one carry on bag.
I don't really want to say but nobody who does it seriously like you would know.
I basically agree with this. Although RSVP and eHarmony can definitely work if you're willing to fork over some cash, and OKC can be okay but mostly doesn't work. I have a theory though that Tinder and Bumble make people too picky. It's so easy to get a date that if the first date isn't amazing it's just on to the next one. Which is fine except in my experience it's the second and third date that things really get fun. The paid apps I have tended to find you're more likely to progress to second and third dates. Between Bumble and Tinder though, I'm not actually sure which has been more successful for me, but the Bumble experience has been much more pleasant.
$50 OP is a virgin
I would prefer a slightly different definition. Because "indistinguishable" depends on you. There's a spectrum of knowledge and experience there from virgin through to gynecologist. And also it depends on what kind of sexual experience you're having. So let's say you're in a bar looking for a sexual experience. Two superficially identical women come up to you. You find them very attractive. They tell you they want to play a game. They tell you to flip a coin, and based on the result one of them will give you oral sex. You say okay, great. Then they tell you that one of them is a transwoman, and do you still want to play? If you change your mind, you can't claim to be treating transwomen equally. /u/I_am_Azor_Ahai
How is that any more offensive or awful than No Mafia, Hula Bula, Canton, Lucky Chans, Two Fat Indians, or any one of dozens of places across the city.
I went to the other-side-extended-family Christmas party on the weekend and I ate myself to death, and they even managed to not be super racist for the day! I mean they were still pretty racist, but at one point a couple of them even allowed for the possibility that Indian doctors might be as good as or even better than white doctors. So. Progress?
Think about road signs, yeah. No Parking vs No Standing. You can wait by a no parking sign with the engine running, but you can't do that by a no standing sign.
Very Major Payne voice 1. Don't you feel dumb. 2. Look at you.
I mean you're not wrong in a practical sense, but you're wrong in a utilisation sense. Sort of like that saying "there's no such thing as a free lunch", but then you went to a local council free BBQ. And sure, your rates are paying for that sausage, so it's not really "free", but also your rates are paying for that lunch whether you eat it or not, so don't be an idiot and walk across the road to the takeaway. Take the free sausage.
Oh, who did you hear that from? Was it Captain Obvious?
I think they prioritise based on life impact. Obviously surgery is a much bigger deal than booking physio, and as an engineer I guess I don't need my foot. Except for, you know, everything except work.
Student life is probably better at Curtin but honestly ECU is fine, and the media courses at ECU are better. The nightlife in Perth generally is about what you'd expect for a city of its size.
Honestly this is a completely underestimated benefit of single payer health care. Sick people shouldn't be thinking about the cost. They should be concerned about getting well.
Your view seems to be influenced by religion. [Maybe examine that?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu4y7x9LRyY)
Nobody is in favour of chlamydia. People are in favour of having sex, and therefore having good sexual health practices. That includes condoms, and sexual health checks. This isn't the 60s and 70s. Everyone knows about all this stuff now, and we know it matters. The only people who don't know about it are the ones who are taught abstinence only sex education, which is why they have the highest rates of teen pregnancy and STIs.
Which is not good or practical advice.
On the italian side of the family, lunch will be: * Antipasto with crusty bread * Lasagna * Buffet of cotoletta, ham, potato salad, salads and beans * Special guest buffet item (previous two years it was paella, this year probably chicken wings or cold chicken chunks) Desserts will include: * Proper tropical fruit salad of apple, stonefruits, passionfruit and pineapple. None of this melon filler nonsense. * Triple chocolate pudding with cream. * Fudge * Gelato ice cream cake, from Collodel's, if we're lucky * Pav, if we're less lucky It's not the most typical menu, for sure, but to me this is what Christmas tastes like. Turkey (aka crappy chicken) or roast potato and stuff is fine, sure, but it's not Christmas!
I believe the issue is less on the phones themselves and more on music and app store.
One thing to be aware of with landline to landline calls is that the call can only be terminated by the caller. Which means scammers can send you a fake dialtone and, after you dial, "pick up". If you get a suspected scam call on a conventional landline, call the company on your mobile.
Nah but I got the car accident one the other day. Gave the guy a serve about scamming old ladies and he hung up on me. Hopefully I'll get one when I'm not at work.
Pity we couldn't fit in merging or cyclists.
Actually probably more importantly might be *Five new high-vis*
I think "vis" is phonetically similar enough to fly. "Five new high vis" has the right number of beats, but I admit it's not the catchiest phrase.
Inflation in the last decade is almost 30%. Factor in the underfunding of health under the Howard Government, significant wage increases to medical staff, the aging population, more expensive technology, expansion in the PBS, impacts on Medicare reducing the cost efficiency of the system overall, a massive increase in home services and other outpatient-like services - as well as improved drug and alcohol services, etc etc, a tripling of the budget sounds cheap to me.
If this was happening in literally any other country there would be riots in the streets. Politicians almost anywhere else would move heaven and earth to avoid a headline like "The government is letting people die"
If you want to admire my Lego collection you only need to say so, no need to make thirst trap posts like this one.
https://imgur.com/7dioBLI.jpg this is a bit old so some things have moved around a little but if I turn to my left this is more or less what I see.
What is visible in this photo was approximately 1/3 of my displayed collection at that time. Now it's probably about 1/6th. Downstairs I have all the modulars, the pirate ships, the cars...
It was a Christmas gift maybe... four or five years ago? It had six instruction books, so I built it over six days. Good times.
The gap between the couch and TV cabinet looks... annoying.
Had two surgeries last year - screw in, and screw out again. Just do what the doctor says. It sounds like probably 6-8 weeks for the wounds to be right. I imagine you have an aftercare routine and 1-2 postop appointments where you can find out when you're good too go. Come back nice and slow so you don't injure yourself!
Not a bad markup tbh, exactly like you say
I at least tried to stay away from single issues. But if you ever put trades up on gumtree or whatever, hmu!
We're not arguing, we're just shouting at each other because that's what we do.
Does that make you a gamma male?
I don't even remember doing it as a kid tbh. At that time my Lego was in a denim playmat that was also a sack. And I was afraid of losing pieces to the vacuum cleaner. So I was careful.
This is the kind of wholesome content we can rally behind. Merry Christmas, /r/perth, I hope you all ate until you felt a bit ill and then waited a bit and then ate some more and now you're lying down drinking iced water. Or at least, that's what I'm doing.
I for one commend you on trying to quiet the exhaust on it.
I mean, Dome, yeah, sure, but Hans and Outback Jacks? Aren't they down to like one location each?
There's a lot of cool stuff but it's mixed on with a lot of super old shit nobody cares about. I did find the John Farnham Christmas album there though and let me tell you that was an instant buy. I gave it to my friend as a gift and she puts it in to troll people. It's amazing. ly bad.
I mean you should probably give some indications of whether you're looking for friends or fucks or either or both, and, if relevant, what your gender is, and what genders you're interested in.
Some kid - a literal kid - on Carrington St got more than five bucks for doing the most half-assed job on the car in front of me, after starting on both my car and then that car without asking first. Then he held up traffic because he wasn't done. Fuck people that give money to these panhandling traffic hazard shits.
Classic internet person move. 1. Provide joke. 2. Feel awkward. 3. Run away and hide. Well done.
Don't kink-shame /u/Captain-Peacock they can't help what they like
If you're from interstate, here's a few things: * Cockburn is "Coh burn" * Coogee is "Coo gee" not "ku-ji" * The basic rule is that highways here don't get a "the" honorific, only freeways. So whereas over east you'd have "the Bruce Highway" or just "the Bruce", here all highways are just "Leach Highway" or just "Leach". There is at least one exception ("The Tonkin" is okay, "the Tonkin Highway" is not), but not using the honourific will never be wrong. Freeways do get the honourific. * The east describes Queensland, NSW and Victoria. Tassie and SA are not generally considered to be states (the NT is not a state, so that's fine). * It is not necessary to like AFL, but liking rugby league is not generally considered to be socially acceptable, so keep it to yourself when in polite company. Union is fine, but try not to bang on about it. * When in doubt, mention that Adelaide is shit. There's no need to be specific about why. * If still in doubt, mention that the weather and beaches are better than anywhere else, even if for some reason you [incorrectly] think that's not true.
The absolute only reason to not go to Centrelink is if you think you might not qualify, for a number of various reasons. Go anyway. You might be surprised, for starters, and at the very, very, very least, you will (hopefully) talk with a person who can point you towards services that can help you. You should also maybe not go if you're wanted for murder or something and your picture has been on the news? But jail would solve your homelessness problem so... consider it. Any other reason not to go to Centrelink is 1000% bullshit.
Oh, awesome, another racist Trumpist fuckknuckle posting in our subreddit. If you're American, kindly fuck off. If you're Australian, kindly grow the fuck up.
Don't put words into my mouth. I've been quite clear. Facts matter. It's fine that this was posted. Nobody is disputing that this was a thing that happened. Nobody is questioning the facts asserted. I'm questioning the editorialising. That editorialising in this case is both explicit in OP's comment, and implicit in the facts that it was posted by a person with a history of racism, and that the link is from the Daily Mail.
It's fine to have an opinion. It's fine to speak that opinion. But if it's obvious from your post content that you're a fucking piece of shit, I'm going to call you a fucking piece of shit. And you, OP, goonbagger, and a bunch of other people in this subreddit are racist pieces of shit that give this city in general and this subreddit in particular a bad reputation.
Oh, I'm happy to *respectfully disagree* on all sorts of things. Politics. Sports. The most comfortable weather conditions. Whether or not The Last Jedi was bad or not. If the Hulk fought Spider-Man, who would win. I'm even happy to respectfully disagree on things that are causing you, the opposite-opinion-holder, harm. Like whether the lotto is a waste of money, or whether you should treat your medical conditions with homeopathy. But where I will not *respectfully disagree* is where your opinion is causing *actual harm* to other people. Whether that comes in the form of psychological harm, like racism, or physical harm, like treating your kids with homeopathy.
Yeah there's a place over east with the same name, and they pronounce it like Japanese "kuji". Whereas we pronounce it almost as two words: coo gee.
It's clothing optional. Just go and... opt to leave on your clothes.
At Carousel with all the new stuff you might have a shot, but Garden City is just the usual food court crap. Go to Freo and get Big Rigz or Meet and Bun.
Well not to knock /u/littleblackcat's suggestion, which is good, but Freo is closer to GC than Carousel. But it might depend on where you're starting.
Of course. I don't love their kitchen but it's not bad. It depends what you want to eat. I'm a burgery guy; hence my suggestions. Caveman in Old Shanghai is also good. If you like modern Australian style, LC could be a good option, especially if you want a drink. For an Italian option, I had Ruoccos twice recently and they were great both times. I think they might have lifted their game just as Sandrino dropped theirs.
are you tho
THIS IS THE NUDE BEACH POLICE. COME OUT WITH YOUR PANTS DOWN!
How many people was the committee that decided to do this /u/aussiekinga? haha
From one giant fucking nerd to another: Bravo, you giant fucking nerd. Bravo.
I just finished off this week's TV, and I'm about to start watching Good Omens. I should probably sleep early though, since my buddy wants to move our run from 8am to 7am...
To answer your immediate question, I think $60 is fine generally speaking. The fines are the same whether you overstay by minutes or hours, and whether the limit is 10 minutes or 2 hours, and whether the parking is free or paid. You were doubly unlucky in that the guy was there AND it was a duck-in-and-out situation (as opposed to, you know, you went out for dinner or spent an hour in Bunnings). I think the free parking with ticket thing is dumb. I think the inspectors should just use chalk. You're making all of us spend a couple of minutes getting a ticket, just to make the inspector's job very slightly easier. It's not so bad if, again, you're going to be 30 minutes or an hour, but for a 10 minute coffee pickup it's a bit of an ask.
Right, sorry, I should have been clear: this is the approach for weekends/off-peak times. You definitely wouldn't do this during peak periods.
Spring for the boneless wings.
There's Chimek in Freo and Vic Park. Nene is pretty decent. Not amazing but better than KFC. If you're going to have KFC, Thornlie is the best one. I don't know what it is but that place actually makes it CRISPY, not the usual oily grossness. But if you're at Thornlie KFC you're pretty much at Lola's. Do rate. Any Japanese place will have karaage. Takas isn't that flavourful, though, so try an indie place. There's one near Health Freek at the end of Risely St that I've had; pretty good. Most burger joints have chicken burgers, which you can usually buy the patty of. Baby Roys is not far from you, or Caveman in Freo might be better option. That dude knows his shit.
Re-read it in David Attenborough's voice. That's what I do.
Aw poor Texans can't take a little more heat? *laughs/cries in Australian*
Now imagine that deer was a kangaroo, and the eagle was a wedge tail, which are twice the size of your freedom hawks.
You should really put M4M in the title, fyi.
Correct. He's wrong on burgers, ice cream and fried chicken. Didn't mention American BBQ. Bakery is partially correct. Vegetarian is a good pick, but Prophet is middle eastern, not a veggo- only place (eg Raw Kitchen). Decent picks mostly in the top 5 or 10, but hardly definitive. But not a bad shitpost tbh
Mine is still "I can't see likes so just message me". I imagine these people get Tinder and don't swipe anyone.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pEfhgG3Ocw
Texas is smaller than most Australian states.
Andaluz, book a couch.
Cadence-wise, don't change anything. Running daily might be fine, just don't push your legs much further than they're used to. If you run 5k once a week now, Even running 2km a day is big jump in your weekly distance. But it depends on you and what your body is capable of. Just remember if you get sore or anything like that, back off and let yourself recover properly.
Here's the skinny, in terms of OLD: - OKC, POF - ghost towns - Tinder - good if you're very attractive and/or just want to get laid. - Bumble - about as good as it gets for the free ones - Hinge - interesting but not much momentum behind it (but not quite the ghost town of OKC or POF) - eH - paid side. advantage is that people on here are pretty serious about actually going on dates and so on. So you get less flakes than Tinder and even Bumble. - RSVP - paid site. works decently well but imo eH is better.
I haven't used it in a while, so I'm not sure if they ever went back and fixed the change I hated. Fundamentally, as a guy, if a girl talks to you on OLD, she's gonna say yes to coffee or whatever. I think that's why Bumble feels good as a guy; the conversion rate of match -&gt; chat -&gt; meet is highest on there, because she has to start the chat. From there it's just a matter of making sure you didn't swipe right by accident, and then not fucking it up.
I don't know where you're coming from, and what you're used to in terms of "safety", but for a couple Northbridge is fine, especially on weekends. Just stick to the areas that are well-lit and have people.
Don't get fish and chips in Freo. None of the places are actually good, it's all just reputation and groupthink (and also in this weather it'll be no fun at all). Instead, eat at the markets.
It's only been all over everything. Twitter, Reddit, Facebook, every news site...
True, but then I reckon just eat at Little Creatures!
Albany Highway is 50 most of the time anyway, but that's just traffic. Can you imagine Leach at 60? Jesus Christ.
Cool, but like, Orrong Rd isn't considered a highway. Welshpool Rd. Marmion. Alexander Dr. South St. Stock Rd. Jeez.
Well that is an intriguing titbit. Is that public information anywhere (or is it just the whole "state route" thing?)
Yes, I definitely said that first thing and that last thing. Very insightful comment.
Thanks for the link! I have learned that the reason they use so many stupid letters is because the normal 11-rank alphabet system (A-E with +/-, and F) is insufficient to describe the rankings, not to minimise embarrassment. But my opinion on the stupidity of the multiple number system is unchanged. They should move instead to a simple numerical system. Then they can have as many ranks as they want!
Good for the core, surely.
I'm not saying this wasn't safe, it's just perhaps not quite as safe as some of the other ones.
It can't be easy, but it can be kinda fun if you find the right exercise. The calorie deficit part is never fun though.
I mean yeah, the irony only works because of OP's apparent opinions regarding immigration.
You're not entirely wrong. But it's thus or give in to the despair. And WA might be the Texas of Australia, but at least we aren't Florida. And Australia as a whole, annoyingly right- wing as we are, are at least generally see straight through Trump's proto- fascist oligarchy agenda.
As an ex-Catholic, I have to say I find Catholicism less about happy clapping and more about guilt-loading, kneeling and general prostrating. Edit: also robes and incense, because nothing makes you feel like you're in a secret society doing an occult ritual where someone might sacrifice a goat like robes and incense.
Er what? Nobody is going to not hire you because you have a degree from UWA (or ECU, or Murdoch, or any other university)
36/f/cali \#twoliesandatruth
Brutalism will never be pretty. But I think the Bankwest tower, while ugly, has earned it's Lego-like place in the skyline.
"I'm Italian". Motherfucker, your great-grandmother being from Italy doesn't make you Italian.
I mean Millenium has been the shittest Hoyts since the other Freo Hoyts closed, so it'll be an upgrade either way.
What are you taking about? First of all, the reason you eat low carb foods is to get into a calorie deficit. You can't lose weight if you're not burning more than you take in. You literally just disagreed with me and then backed up my point? Second, I said weight loss, not muscle gain; although cross training strength is always helpful, and lifting does involve burning calories, the best way to burn is straight up cardio. Where do you think those carbon atoms in the carb chains go? We breathe them out. O2 in, CO2 out. Third, what do you mean by "natural"? Because if you're going to give me some bullshit evolutionary biology faux- science, I'll pass, thanks.
They were funny at first... But you're not wrong, they are pretty much the same joke. So then they weren't funny, just cute. Also the artist came out as a weird Christian prolifer and Twitter cancelled him.
Apparently I need to switch to Kenji. Your boyfriend should try Maddox, they're always slightly too long on me.
One Nation voters will be so confused about how to feel about these immigrants; they're mostly black, but they're partly white and they're not stealing anybody's jobs, so...
I've never been to Rottnest.
Hi, I have nothing to contribute to this thread, I don't even drink coffee, I just didn't want to miss out on an LBC thread.
I just have a lot of feelings
Embracing our mistakes is sometimes as important as correcting them!
&gt; Not least of which is removing trucks from Leach I mean you're more of an expert on this than I am, but it seems to me like taking trucks off a highway road essentially built for trucks and putting them on a road with only two lanes and commercial driveways all down it and all sorts of weird traffic shit is a bit of a backwards step in terms of safety, even if it does make a few people living on Leach Highway feel nice.
Don't you owe us a hat?
Asking the real questions!
Hi, you've got the wrong subreddit. This is the subreddit for QC fans that aren't assholes.
Admittedly, it can be difficult to find sources on torpedo capabilities, since companies and countries are obviously secretive about such things for obvious reasons, but: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_48_torpedo You just launched a torpedo, which is a strong acoustic transient. Once torpedoes are in the water, it's a whole different ball game.
It's very difficult, but not impossible!
The Liberators in Fremantle are those fucktards that make condescending speeches to people who are trying to get to work on the train, and then rope them into singalongs. It would be extreme to suggest I wish death or pain on them, but certainly I wish some mild inconveniences, like getting every red light for the rest of their lives, to all their participants and anyone who gives them money.
1. Our trains are basically 99% reliable. Unless there's a suicide on the track, they'll run on time. HOWEVER, I suggest you look at the length of commute between Mandurah and Perth if you intend to live down there and work in city. Because it's crazy. Why would you do that to yourself. 2. Check the Transperth website. Fees are basically automatic from your SmartRider if you meet the special fare conditions. 3. If Queensland is Florida, WA is Texas.
I went to a private school, which is my point. *Trash.*
It took me about six months. But the job I got was really great and I'm still here years later. You'll get there!
If I was a teen from Perth going to Bunbury, the thing I would not want to do is teens from Bunbury
Crystal Reports (is?) (are?) the worst. We fiddled with some Power BI for about 9 months and then ditched it for something else, but by then I'd left that project, so I'm not sure what the replacement is.
Quit your day job. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usZqFIjdGEs
Honestly a CAT-like service for the region is a no-brainer, but it probably needs more significant investment by either the government or businesses to reduce the cost.
Almost 100 trees old enough to be nesting sites for cockatoos. Big fan of Metronet but I'm not happy about that.
Right, but on Leach the trucks can stay in the centre lane, thus avoiding driveways (commercial and residential), and not preventing cars overtaking them. Stock Road is built for trucks in the sense that trucks can drive on it, but it's hardly a nice user experience for the truck drivers or the car drivers around them. ... which is pretty much exactly what I mean by weird traffic shit. Cars and trucks trying to share the same roadspace. Cars overtaking trucks, and trucks trying not to ram cars up the arse as they do stupid inconsiderate car stuff.
Probably lonely, there's not so many of them left.
You would definitely want to seek industry-specific advice on that. A few general comments: if you're doing that 1-page CV thing, stop. This ain't McDonalds. A proper grad CV has to be at least 2 pages to fit everything I want to see on it. You should have a "master CV" with everything on it, but you should rarely send that out. You should be customising it for each application - cutting out irrelevant things and adding more detail on relevant things. Remember, the goal of the CV and cover letter is just to make me want to interview you, not hire you. It can leave some questions hanging. If you land an interview and are declined, ask for feedback!
I have no idea what you're talking about, but what the fuck is an arvy? It's "arvo", you monster.
You're pretending like nuclear power plants are like trees, and there is no risk to investment. The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is now. The best time to buy Apple shares was 30 years ago. The second best time is not necessarily now, because unlike trees, the value of Apple shares could go up or down. The best time to start building a nuclear power plant was 30 years ago. The second best time is also not necessarily now, because, like Apple shares, there is an inherent risk in investing in that kind of project. We can actually argue about the risks of that investment, but it's extremely disengenuous to dismiss "too late" out of hand - it is, at least, the result of an assessment of those risks.
I mean by all reports he is certainly the latter, and almost certainly the former - he just hasn't been convicted.
If we have 12 years to act on AGW, then nuclear will be too late. We couldn't turn on a nuclear power plant by 2031 even if we started building it *today*.
If reading is a hobby, watching TV or movies or documentaries can absolutely be a hobby. My gut agrees with OP, but I'm struggling to come up with a clear simile to explain why. Lego Master Builder drama? Streamers and video games? Maybe a streamer's personal life drama isn't hobby drama, but if they start flipping out on a game or the devs or get banned it might be? Or yeah maybe this is just gatekeeping and who cares really?
I would (I'm 36), but all the clubs are terrible and for teenagers since Devilles closed. Bars though. Bars are good. Hula Bula is great, I just wish it wasn't so far from all the other good places.
If a business doesn't make money, it wouldn't pay tax. And some businesses might be huge, but operate on very low margins.
If you're buying a home to live in, projections on what the market is and will do only matter as much as the timeframes on your plans to sell. If it's a "forever home", you don't care. Broadly, the tech sector seems to be doing decently well. Our contractors that have left haven't had much trouble finding other work. But people with more dated skillsets are struggling a little bit, so it's not so gangbusters that they're hiring anybody with a pulse. Also, investment in grads doesn't seem like it's quite where it should be, so the sector as a whole is still being a little conservative in terms of outlook.
yes, that's the point.
No, that's exactly what I said. Payroll tax is paid regardless of your profit, which makes it a regressive tax, like GST. It affects everyone. You balance a payroll tax with a profit tax the same way you balance sales tax (GST) with income tax. The regressive tax maintains a baseline level of tax per "person", and the progressive tax takes more from those who can afford more. That said, if payroll tax is not bracketed, I would be completely fine with some bracketing, based on wages budget. However, this would likely have to be carefully countered by an increase to the profit tax.
So not a complete abolishment then. (and remember, payroll is a state tax, so we can't actually replace the revenue from that with income or sales taxes, which are federal, even if GST is notionally redistributed to the states)
Sure, the only argument is to recapture some of that online buying stuff. I'd argue that horse has bolted; people will pay more for convience/immediacy sometimes, but often as not now you'd just buy online to save money.
It depends on a lot of things. One thing it definitely depends on is her rate of return on her current wealth. You'd made a modest guess, but I strongly suspect it is exactly that - modest. Her tax rate is likely far lower than your guess, because her income is likely a lot higher. You're right though, the juggle between capital allocations in the free market and government is tricky, especially in dealing with extremely wealthy individuals. I think we already do reasonably well by reducing the tax burden based on investments made. Those aren't really the kind of tax minimisation strategies I have an issue with.
Exactly. I don't think our market is big enough for that kind of thing yet.
Wow, an actual SWERF! I thought you guys were a myth!
I mean that's how we feel about all One Nation members, so I imagine this guy is either even worse, or, possibly, is just a normal person.
The *dragon* has three heads, not the robot.
But that's already and will still be criminalised. So why be against decriminalising sex work? If anything you should be in favour of better policing and regulation of sex work, which comes with decriminalisation, as well as possibly heavier penalties for deprivation of liberty-like offenses. Your stance seems a bit off-target. Like hating on farmers growing wheat because you're anti-GMO. Like, sure, okay, be anti-GMO if you want (let's not even start that discussion; this is just a hypothetical example), but you don't shut down wheat farming because some farmers might grow GMO. Hell, I was just hearing on the radio that the top 3 industries for immigration scams (ie slavery) are sex work, hospitality and farming. Should we ban fruit picking and dishwashing because some percentage of fruit pickers and dishwashers are effectively slaves?
I had a Jones fracture. My experience coming back was a fair amount of pain, and a lot of slow recovery. If you've gone straight from nothing to three miles, it's no surprise to me you're getting pain. After taking several months off, my physio wouldn't let me run more than a mile for about a month. You've had more walking around time than I had, but still, I'd be ramping a lot slower than jumping into 3 miles, especially if you're doing it in boots and/or with packs instead of shoes In terms of ankle stability, my physio had me using a wobble board, just balancing at first and then doing one-legged squats on it. That did wonders for getting strength back into my joints.
Also, it seems like (from TV), Americans use the ED for all sorts of non-serious stuff. With univeral health care, for a lot of stuff you would just go to the doctor, because the doctor is cheap. The ED waiting rooms aren't full of people coughing and other dumb stuff. ED is for serious stuff.
I use the boys at Danpalo. They are in Balcatta, and they work miracles. Last year my math had me paying a bill, and somehow they sent me a return with $1500 in it.
I think you won Friday Fuckwit. Holy shit that sucks.
My dog gave up chasing wagtails long ago. I had one walk under the triangle of my arm and body while I was reclining on the lawn at uni once. What a chill little bro.
Ah, maybe. To be fair they sent some newsletters out recently but I didn't read them. I only need them for one week a year ;)
I only have the app on me, so for this month, anyway: 9.75km in 51:09, 100m elevation But if I adjust the numbers to remove a couple of novelty strava segment sniping attempts, it would be 11.07km in 58:54.
Do you really think it's true though? Because if so I suspect you're the only one.
(a) Do you really think that's what I said? (b) Do you really think that's all that there was to it?
&gt; That's ageism. Hahahahahaha you're so cute
You need a new phone, mate, that potato can't be doing much for you
Me: *Reads article slavering for an opportunity to criticise the new Liberal leader* Article: &gt; In her first media conference as leader, Ms Harvey sympathised with police officers in an ongoing pay stoush with the State Government, later saying she would consider giving them a raise of more than the $1,000 per year on offer. &gt; She then flatly ruled out the sale of Western Power, Me: Where do I get a Team Harvey tshirt?
I'm okay with pet- friendly cafes, but I find cafes like cat cafe an extremely weird concept. The whole pet-mum/pet-dad thing is really off-putting. I don't know why. I have a dog. He is in no way my son. He's my furry little bro when he's behaving, and my shitty hairy housemate when he's done something wrong.
Why am I carrying an umbrella when it's not raining right now at this very second?
I like Spiderbait's version.
Sure, it's a tiny zoo I guess.
I'm not protesting against them, I just think they're weird! You do you!
So what you're saying is that you want your meals and drinks subsidised by addicts. Cool. Cool cool cool cool.
My mates who have moved to Melbourne miss Chicken Treat. So I'm gonna say it must be Chicken Treat.
After my run on Saturday I was hungry, so I got a mixed meat box from the kebab place. $17, it was like 25x25cm with cheese, hummus and garlic sauce. I ate it all and played Factorio and Hearthstone all afternoon and then my dog started annoying me and I realised it was 730pm. A+ stormy day, would repeat again.
People who drink get something out of it - a drink. Gambling is a way to fool your brain into giving you a dopamine hit by failing to understand how maths works. By all means, buy charity tickets and even the lotto, if you want to, but I for one don't feel comfortable benefiting from misery.
Put the laptop on the bonnet for the full effect. Do not attempt this in rain, or Midland.
My mate was getting a cat (ie letting his wife get a cat) and part of the deal was he got to name it. I'm like okay so you're obviously gonna name it Hakeem Olajuwon? He said, why does everyone think that, he's not even my favourite player. It turned out his wife's response to his proposal of the condition that he get to name it was "fine, but you can't name it 'Hakeem Olajuwon'". The cat's name is Reggie Miller.
He did not. And made sad faces which I avoided looking at.
It's a Melbourne brand, arguably were part of phase one of the Perth burger craze of the past decade or so, along with Jus and Flipside and a couple others. To me their main draws are consistency and ubiquity. Their burgers are never standout amazing, but are always at least good, and there's one basically everywhere. They're basically to McDonalds what Nandos is to Chicken Treat. You know it won't be great, but you also know it won't be bad. It's the perfect fallback option for people and groups that are indecisive or unadventurous.
It's like poetry, they rhyme.
I try not to judge. I was in such a group the other day. Nobody would agree to go anywhere good, so off to Freo Grill'd we went 🙄
Also, what is this assumption that America has the best doctors, medicine and treatment??
I guess it all depends which plant you're on.
Only a shitheel hiring manager would do that.
Whether or not to have a kid is an intensely personal question. We don't know all the details. Never mind the economy right now, that doesn't matter at all. What matters are a bunch of things - financial situation, your partner's level of disability, family support (emotional, financial and labour) from both sides, your ages, your other goals... As far as the kid is concerned, what matters is your love for them. Just by asking this question of this audience I have no reason to doubt your ability to be a parent. Having a kid will make your already hard life harder. Nobody here can tell you whether that's going to be worth it or not.
I'm completely okay with that. If you can't meet the minimum standard of how to treat employees, you shouldn't have employees.
&gt; Or you don't employ those with a high probability of becoming pregnant.. Which is illegal. And, more importantly, unethical. If you can't afford X, don't get an X. This is true of cars, pets, kids, employees and everything else.
I love Dunk and Egg banter. GRRM did an incredible job with Egg; it would be all too easy for Egg to come across very "Common People", but he always seems to have such a genuine and enduring love for Dunk and their life in hedges.
This place is near me and is pretty great.
When women are denied job opportunities illegally, they are being fucked over. Small businesses don't get or deserve special waivers over basic worker's rights.
Not be a dick about it. Which means realistically you'd probably let them go to part time and get in a casual to cover.
They can... advertise?
Don't threaten me with a good time!
I stand extremely corrected!
Yes.
How much wood would a wet dad wet if a wet dad would wet wood.
(a) it's not always a choice (b) fat people existing in public, omg People have to be somewhere, and they have to get where they're going. I'd rather people wouldn't sit next to me regardless of their size, so I empathise slightly with what you're saying, but you didn't have to phrase it in such a cunty way. I'm sure they're not happy about rubbing up against your ugly body either.
So could I. I'm not any more or less entitled to my seat then they are theirs.
It isn't fair for them to have to stand up either. Besides, I'd rather sit next to a fat person than someone who smells of cigarette smoke, or is loudly talking on their phone, or has a racist shirt on, or... I take a view of public transport where as long as everyone is as respectful as possible of everyone else given their level of ability, I'm happy. Take the seat next to me quietly and with minimum fuss. I don't care how large you are.
At no point have I disagreed with that. You wanna talk about the asshole who plonked themselves down next to you and started belligerently invading your space like the Germans entering Poland, I'm right here for that, whether they're fat, a manspreader, an old lady with too many bags, whatever. But without an indication of some kind maliciousness, it just sounds like a complaint about a fat person existing, in public, and specifically in the chair next to them. And that's what I'm saying isn't cool.
I'm as big a proponent of CICO as a non-medical person can be, but even I know it's not quite that simple. First because not every calorie in is absorbed by the body. Metabolism and GI speed factors can mean that some people poop out calories that others might turn them into fat. Your CICO is not my CICO. Second, some unlucky people might have other nutritional issues which means they need to eat particular stuff, which has the side effect of them retaining calories (especially if they were unlucky in both categories). Then there's hormonal issues, muscle content factors... And, perhaps most importantly, not all weight is fat; some people retain fluid. This is especially true of old people and people with heart or other medical problems. For a normal healthy person, CICO mostly holds true. As soon as you start having to account for genetics and medical conditions, CICO falls apart pretty fast.
The problem with the Hobbit is that it was in fact a three part series.
Drop bears aren't real? Tell that to my cousin Gary.
All New Zealanders look the same to me. Although some have different coloured wool I guess.
What about if you try to skip the queue and come on a plane? Like, for example, the vast majority of asylum seeking claims we get (and by far the majority of fraudulent claims)
Oh, to be 17 again, where going through the drivethrough is the PEAK SATISFACTION. If you're going to Spencer Village food court and you're not eating at Lola's, you are wrong.
&gt; Fast Eddie's was the best burgers around but now closed down. Maybe in 1993...
I honestly didn't know where to begin.
Never heard of it.
maybe if you tried listing the suburbs? are wards something people talk about where you're from? like how in America they like to call things "state route whatever" instead of "the Kwinana Freeway"?
Okay, so I was being slightly hyperbolic in that I knew that, but who the hell knows which ward is which, or which suburbs are in which ward?
(2017) I wasn't scared the time I got assaulted; there wasn't time for that. But I was nervous about going back to that park the next day. (2005) I WAS scared the time a guy road-rage followed me, got out of his car at the first traffic lights I got stopped by, and tried to open my car door. (2016) I was also pretty scared the time I was cleaning up my recently-ex-crackhouse rental and a guy showed up looking for my former tenants and he was screaming and threatening to kill me. I wish I had a spooky story for you guys, but I stopped believing in spooky things when I was a kid, and I haven't seen a snake since I was a kid, or a shark ever.
maybe I'm more like cats than I thought
Nope, she's just the first link that popped up when I googled the issue after it was identified. Interestingly I looked through her site and couldn't actually find a link to the article anywhere on it, which was weird...
Do you know where I can take myself (13,650 days, rounded so you don't steal my identity) that is along the train line?
&gt; the dickhead at the station that was just yelling at me to smile and "be more friendly" Ah, I see you've been engaging in the criminal act of being a woman in public.
Sorry, you're right, some funding is coming through now. Again, too little too late. The support of the volunteers is literally just making sure they get paid though - it won't put more trucks in the towns. And yeah, funding is directed via the states, but that's not to say the Feds can't earmark grants or whatever. He's a Pentecostal, I think? If I understand correctly, his branch believes a bunch of problematic things, including and especially the idea that you get what you deserve. They basically believe that poor people are poor because they're bad, and rich people are rich because they're good. That bad things happen to bad people. So in the deep-seated subconscious faith part of his mind, almost certainly he would believing be that (a) God has dictated that these people deserve it, and (b) averting God's will would be probably impossible and certainly bad. I'm certainly not suggesting that anyone is incapable of empathy on the basis of their religion - far from it - but when ideas like this are part of your core belief structure, it's very difficult to resolve the cognitive dissonance because often you're not even aware of how they're impacting you. It's like how many (I would say most) people are a bit racist even when they're trying not to be, simply because certain biases have been trained into them over their life, and they've never even realised it. Edit: I was one of these people, and I've been working on it, and I still fuck up and say and do racist microaggression stuff *all the time*.
Albo has been in the fire regions delivering food and supplies to volunteers, I'm sure to far less credit or fanfare than he was hoping for. But at least he's there, doing something useful.
It was here when I got here.
ah yes capital punishment the mark of any truly civilised society
cus my foot has not healed enough yet. MAYBE on Tuesday...
No. In my opinion the only time the death penalty should be used, is for crimes so reprehensible and remorseless that the person's life can be almost universally considered to have zero value. Which means also that the persons family should either agree with the sentence, or it is assessed that the only influence this person could have on them is negative. Furthermore, they have to be absolutely, unquestionably guilty. There are very very few human lives that have zero value like this, such that the world would be absolutely better off without them. People who committed genocide, pretty much, and extreme sociopath serial killers. The risk that such a sentence could be applied to an innocent party is impossible to deny, and impossible to ignore. Therefore, I believe a death sentence cannot be written into law for normal courts and juries to decide on. It would have to be a special court. The sort of people in front of that court should only be described as people in the loosest possible way. Criminal shouldn't begin to describe them. Some fuckhead rapist is not the kind of negative value monster we're talking about here. He's a fucking awful person and he shouldn't have been allowed out of jail for this or possibly ever. But the dead don't feel punishment. The dead don't feel regret. Death is a sentence for people that aren't worthy of any kind of life, even the limbo of being in jail until they die.
Fremulon.
They're in the Bible. Everything in the Bible is divine wisdom.
&gt; Ironically this whole complaint of yours about predestination or prosperity theology (or whatever) is likely to make a lot of Hindus and Buddhists uncomfortable. You know...people of colour! I suspect many Hindus and Buddhists might be more capable of a nuanced view of prosperity theology than a rich straight white baby boomer who has failed upwards his entire career. &gt; I mean, you might as well argue that ScoMo theoretically believes that bushfires and poor people were placed on this Earth because God is giving him an opportunity to do good works. And he will thus spend TOO MUCH public resources on those problems, not too little. Except he isn't, and his version of Christianity would never take that approach. Others certainly might, although I highly suspect none any member of the Liberal party would be aligned with. &gt; If you think someone is acting like a cunt, maybe that's actually all the explanation there needs to be. True.
Bad bot.
Sentencing as a whole is complicated. I agree that sentencing is too low, particularly for violent crime, but I also think we don't do enough rehabilitation stuff in jail, which means for many people jail does nothing but make people worse. I don't know enough to fully resolve these conflicting value sets. What I do know is that we can't surrender our moral and value systems just because some of our citizens do. We're better than that. We have to be.
&gt; just remember that pissing people off and blocking traffic is not going to get them on your side. I hate to agree with you on anything, but this is quite correct. Plenty of fence-sitters will be pissed off by these kind of protest actions, because people are selfish pricks - the reason many people give for voting Liberal essentially boils down to this. That said, people like XR also have a point, in that traditional protest actions are not working. However as much as I appreciate their intent, I don't think there has been enough grassroots momentum to support the kind of civil-rights-inspired mass arrest/disruption based tactics they have been trying. Perhaps the bushfires will change that. But I doubt it. I will be surprised if the political momentum lasts through autumn. Conservative oligarchs have the media by the balls; they'll change the conversation well before then. Where does that leave us? How can we protest effectively while bringing the fence-sitters with us? **I have no fucking idea.** But what I do know is that XR's tactics aren't changing any climate denier/fence sitter's minds.
🎆🎇✨
I thought the second one was better than most people thought it was, and that the things wrong with it were not the things most people thought were wrong with it. I thought this new one had some spectacular scenes, but... that's one of the few positive things I have to say about it.
I kinda mostly align with Movies with Mikey on it: (22 minute video) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVlicj-JwnI If I was to boil it down to a couple of sentences, they would be: I think TLJ and ROS had opposite problems. TLJ had brilliant cinematic execution and a decent premise, but a kinda stupid story. ROS had a decent story, but the premise was absolute trash, and the cinematic execution - by which I mean themes, editing, plot holes, symbolism etc - was extremely flawed.
So what you're saying is you watched the Jordies video, and you want to know if it's possible. I'm not a lawyer, obviously, but "we" can't do anything, and I don't think the G-G can either: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Governor-General_of_Australia#Reserve_powers We're stuck with him until he quits, or loses a party spill or parliamentary vote of no confidence.
Nah, they'll just have a trigger. Morrison would have to be insane to pull it.
I don't get it either. I strongly suspect - and I know I'm right in some if not many cases - the main attraction is getting to pretend to be a billionaire.
George's classic chip butty. It's a pom thing.
So, literally a weather girl then. Like, in a non-pejorative way.
My Singaporean friend tried the devil wings at Varsity and couldn't cope. I'm not saying they're good, but they are hot.
Same. My stats say my best heroes are Nefarian, Sindragosa - which isn't even on the table! - Edwin and Elise... and I think Finley? My top picked are the same, except replace Finley with Rafaam. Clearly I can't play Rafaam (or Yogg), and people can't play Sindragosa.
&gt; She has a degree in physics and meteorology. She’s an expert, not a pretty face. Exactly. She's literally a weather person. Her job was to actually predict the actual weather for aircraft operations. That's not a denigration of her job. That was her actual job. &gt; And she’s an adult woman, not a girl. I'll cop that. I mean, I feel like colloquially using the term "girl" to refer to adult women is not always a pejorative/denigration, but I accept that in context it can come across that way. My entire point was that she *was* a weather girl in an actual, formal, scientific sense, and I am sure she is damned proud of that.
Sure, if they're presenting the weather. The last part of my original comment was meant to convey that that pejorative meaning didn't apply to this *actual expert*. I guess I can only blame myself if that somehow wasn't clear enough.
The dog shelter in Shenton Park might be keen on testing with kiddos. Call and ask first though. Although I guess you can always show up pretending youre looking for a dog and just let your kid play with a bunch of dogs. Do it on a weekday though when they're not busy.
True! Although so does Weather Girl, who would obviously be her badass and slightly impulsive sidekick. Why are sidekicks always so impulsive? And why doesn't Spider-Man have a sidekick? I feel like Kamala Khan could have used some guidance in her early days, and they're both nerdy and weird in a similar way. It would have been a good match, rather than those Inhuman jerks. I guess she had Lockjaw helping her out for a while there.
I mean I don't want to say that the elevator pitch for Kamala was explicitly Spider-Man But A Pakistani-American Muslim Girl From Jersey but that's definitely how her first arc felt to me. And I was totally here for it. She's fantastic. And seeing those same Spider-Man stories told from that non-white non-male still-essentially-agnostic-but-with-a-Muslim-spin perspective has been fucking *great*. I especially love how she's a giant fucking nerd and freaks out in a hugely meta way whenever she finds herself in a team-up. She's so much fun to read.
Oh man can you imagine her and Holland's Spidey being super-buds? Hell yes!
If you're SOR, I can help. I'm free most of the weekend.
My podiatrist would be horrified at you running 5k in converse. On the plus side, the fact that you went that fast in those shoes on that terrain means when you get proper shoes and run on the flat, you're going to breeze under 25 minutes. Congrats mate, keep it up.
yike
I mean you could use google maps to answer this question, but its your cake day, so I'll do it for you. Seems like Waygu-En and Edosai might be your closest options. But probably some places have it but call it ramen for us dumb westerners. You might have some success finding a bibimbap, which is a fairly similar Korean dish.
I watch the Firebat tubers. The ones with Rachel lately were hilarious. Also, Admirable, and Zalae. Top bants.
The first collection was great. Arrival wasn't even my favourite one.
To my knowledge (which is limited), outside of journalism, politics and marketing, the main employment for writers locally is teaching and technical writing. Technical writing is quite difficult to get into, but pays pretty big dollars. And you may have somewhat missed the boat on that one. If you're at all interested in politics, you might consider joining your favourite party and using it as a networking opportunity to schmooze your way into a staffer position. It's an investment in time that might take a while to pay off, and might not pay off at all, but hey, you'll meet people and will be furthering some causes you like, so not exactly a waste of time either way.
I mean we could start whinging about world war three kicking off, but it's hard to worry about whether or not the whole world is on fire when your mates down the road are definitely on fire.
I mean WW3 would definitely have a short term impact on climate, but consider the long term impact with so many fewer people on the planet!
Draconic Lackey?
If she likes you, it doesn't matter if you're not a great kisser. If she likes you, it doesn't matter whether you're built like a truck or a sports car or a motorbike or a scooter. If you're close friends, as you say, your superficial features won't matter much to her. Either she likes you, or she doesn't. I mean, not to discourage you, r4r all you want, my point is actually to encourage you. The gym won't hurt your chances. Being able to kiss won't hurt your chances. But if you don't succeed here, or you don't succeed with her, don't feel like it was your looks or your abilities that let you down.
You're inexperienced, not bad. There's a difference.
Some time in the next ten thousand years a comet is gonna wipe out all trace of man; I'm banking on it coming before my end of year exams.
Also, it's one thing to buy paintings or whatever and put them up inside the fire stations - that would obviously be dumb as hell - and quite another to, you know, paint the exterior of the building and make it look nice for the community that lives and works in the neighborhood. Nobody wants another bland brutalist brick and concrete box next door.
When your formerly shithouse high school randomly pops up in the top 20 for one year. Maybe they had an outlier year with more than only a handful of smart kids.
Oh yeah, that makes perfect sense. Your logic is impeccable. How could I have been so naive. We must cut costs at all possible opportunities. Aesthetics are irrelevant. Feelings are irrelevant. We will fund only the bare minimum functionality. No more "fruit"! Naked concrete. No paint. No brick paving. No trees. Back streets don't need to be sealed roads! and they don't need curbs! No more playgrounds; kids can play with cardboard boxes and discarded needles, surely. No more limestone retaining walls. All will be bare metal and concrete. Graffiti "artists" will paint them before too long for free! I bet the Stadium would have cost half as much without all those fancy bullshit lights and sails and weird panels around the outside. All use of colour must have a business case! We will continue to have yellow sign poles ONLY FOR SAFETY REASONS. THE TAXPAYER WILL NO LONGER PROVIDE BEAUTY. TEAR DOWN THE MATAGARUP BRIDGE. IT IS FAR TOO FANCY. ALL YOU NEED IS SOME PLANKS AND A RAILING. YOU ARTIST TYPES HAVE BEEN SUCKLING FROM THE PUBLIC TEAT FOR TOO LONG.
Oh, look, someone has to pay all these accountants and finance graduates we have every year.
Marathon Investigation is perfect hobbydrama bait. The Meza story in particular. But the offensive-to-all-comers writeup is shitty. Next to MI happens onto something interesting, I hope someone writes up something good about it for this sub.
Obviously.
THE PERTH CITY COUNCIL MUST TURN OFF THE LIGHTS ON THEIR BUILDING AND RETURN THEM TO BUNNINGS OR WHATEVER FOR A REFUND. ALL PUBLIC FIREWORKS DISPLAYS ARE CANCELLED. THE TRAIN STATIONS MUST BE BLAND AND DEPRESSING AND UNPAINTED. PLACES WITH INTERESTING STONEWORK EG IN FORREST PLACE WILL BE AUCTIONED OFF. THE GIANT UGLY CONCRETE WATERFALLS UNDER PARLIAMENT HOUSE ARE STILL TOO ARTISTIC AND INTERESTING. THEY WILL BE TURNED INTO A PUBLIC TOILET. THE PIGS WILL BE FORCIBLY REMOVED FROM THE PUBLIC TROUGH. BOURGOISE ART WILL BE EXTERMINATED. ALL PUBLICLY FUNDED FUN IS CANCELLED. PLEASE FORM AN ORDERLY QUEUE TO RECEIVE YOUR DEPRESSING RUSSIAN HATS TO GO WITH YOUR DEPRESSING PUBLIC SPACES.
If you think 70 million is impressive, imagine how much helping could have been done with billions of dollars that would have been generated by the resources superprofits tax that he opposed and helped the Liberals get elected to repeal!
Sure fam, I got you. https://lmgtfy.com/?q=twiggy+forrest+tax
Or you could maybe try reading the articles on the front page of google. It's not like this is some kind of obscure, debatable fact. Hitchen's Razor doesn't apply to things that have been reported by many journalists over many years. It's like you're wandering around a garden with your eyes closed. "Watch out for the rocks and trees", I say. "CITATION NEEDED", you cry as you trip over them, instead of opening your fucking eyes. ALSO if you read carefully, his donation isn't to existing organisations or anything. It's for new ideas or some kind of nebulous bullshit. It sounds exactly like an excuse to pay some mates to produce a useless report to me, but of course, unlike Andrew Forrest's tax dodging activities, that is entirely suppositional on my part.
Where did I say what he's done is illegal?
I'm whinging about a man who doesn't pay his fair share of tax. Why should you or I pay a much larger percentage of our income/net wealth than a billionaire? That's the government's fault, yes, but he could do the right thing and refuse to avail himself of the tax loopholes. And why are you acting as a volunteer billionaire cheer squad?
I for one think it's great people are donating, and full credit to them. The only donators I have complaints about are those with inflated figures (50 million of Twiggys is to his own think tank, not to either survivors or the firies), and people who have contributed more than their share to the problem and/or preventing the solution (any resource magnate). In some ways I think Gina is right not to donate (or to keep it quiet if she did), because she would be (rightly) shat on regardless of how much she sent. People on the political centre-left like Twiggy because he has good PR, but don't ever forget that he makes his money off our resources without paying us our fair share. Don't think for one second he votes for anyone other than Coalition.
Short answer: No. That's trickle down economics and it's proven to be bullshit. Longer answer: kind of. There's definitely a balancing act there, in terms of the total social value of government use of tax (which has a direct social and economic benefit), and the economic benefit of private industry. You can't swing all the way in either direction. The contention I and many others make is that the resources in the ground belong to Australia, and we have a fixed amount of them, and we are not receiving sufficient value in return for them. Obviously companies need to be paid too, but when there are so many resource billionaires, that says to me (us) that there are too many billions staying in private hands and not returning to the public purse. Essentially: you and I are not getting our fair share, which could be spent on public services, such as firies and raising Newstart and other things, and projects such as, you know, addressing climate change. Unfortunately - and I'm clearly in a bit of a mood about this with the language I'm about to use - both parties of government in this country love to suck resource industry dick. I'm just like, that's fine, but can we maybe dial it back from enthusiastic just-started-dating head to reluctant the-baby-is-asleep-and-you-keep-poking-me-in-the-back handies.
Fuckin' good on 'em I say. They're people, and their mental health is more important than doing... whatever it is that Royals do.
I'm more than aware of Gina's bullshit, thanks, and I'm one of the first in line to give her the shit her and her billionaire brethren deserve.
that's cool, your mum never mentioned that!
You're awesome. Keep being awesome!
Was she also giving out free plays?
Cornice
The man in the dress thing is anything but damaging if you think about it. Imagine a role model for kids representing the fact that you can be whoever you want to be, and have the confidence to be yourself no matter what others might think... holy shit, if we all had had more role models like that, maybe we wouldn't all have anxiety.
Barely enough.
ZING
Wookie's mum is also open late for a summer of fun.
&gt; Dont turn this into a stereotype race bashing thread please. I dunno, maybe don't play into the stereotype by adding in irrelevant details like her country of origin then?
I mean there are jobs where I could see it might be important. Pilot. Deep-sea diver. Maybe some kinds of mining operators. Everyone else can fuck off though.
Pull a rabbit out of a hat.
Alternatively there's flatmates.com.au. cc /u/nailgunnotebook
You can do it as Highlander too. It was a lot easier before Dragons dropped though.
I hope they drug tested him
Yeah, if they change cover design when the next two ASOIAF books come out, I am going to be PISSED. Also hate when they move the spine logos and stuff slightly. I'm looking at you, Dark Horse.
Come to the meetup, and throw a rock. Okay, that's a slight exagerration, the meetups have a range of ages and genders and orientations and relationship statuses. But still. I think the paid sites are generally a lot better than the swipey ones though. Which reminds me, I should check out eHarmony again...
Hobbies are like anything. They wax and wane. But nobody stops playing games.
I mean the reddit meetup. It's the pinned post. https://www.reddit.com/r/perth/comments/eo1emz/meetup_vii_for_lucky_number_vii_the_reddit_meetup/ eHarmony is a bit over the top unless you really commit to meeting as many people as possible (which helps the success rate anyway) and also it helps to float around the site for a bit and wait for a deal. There are meetup groups for singles on the meetup website/facebook but I can't say how good they are.
Oasis is utter, utter trash. I'm inclined to talk for a while first too, especially when we're vibing/have something to go off. But I totally understand the desire to meet ASAP. It sucks to invest time and emotional energy into someone only to find out the image you'd built in your head was not who they were. A week or more of sometimes pretty deep conversation gets thrown away. I've had definite success with both approaches. I dunno, I feel like the ease of swipe apps in particular makes getting a date easy, but getting a relationship harder (relative to the number of first dates) because everyone can afford to be pickier. Plus, because swiping is so easy, you get matches when you're not actually in the right headspace to go on a date. Dating becomes a chore. I dunno, it's complicated.
I can confidently rate myself 3/4. The creepy one I feel you'll have to ask people that know me. I mean, I don't think I'm creepy, but neither do creeps.
People have less time to play games. But given the opportunity, they'll always play them. Boomers didn't grow up with video games but they will play Scrabble or whatever at the drop of a hat.
I got your back, buddy, no dramaz
A la la la la long long li long long long
I think the happy medium is to publish levels, and pay bands for each level, but not to specify how much each employee in each band earns.
Ten billion kJ for a smallish below ground pool to get to literal boiling point. Three billion to get to a temperature where it would not be fun, or what you might say was outside the "onsen zone".
That's what she said!
Nah, even as an experienced player, I want a campaign. Campaigns are a different kind of problem solving, which have their own merit. Consider the campaigns in the classic RTS games. Arguably much more fun!
LISA, YOU'RE TEARING ME APART
Oh boy there is too!
It absolutely was A&amp;R, and then it became Borders.
But at 400m, it's not annoying me any more, so that's still a win.
The bloke from Prestige Sunroofs who decided to bully his way across three lanes of traffic in 10m this morning. Get fuuuuucked.
ALSO YOU MAKE MY WHOLE FRIDGE SMELL LIKE YOU, FUCK OFF
I've always been impressed with that logo's use of negative space
Carousel, I think.
It's a bit up and down, yeah... not the best start to my running year either
Just a heads up that schizophrenia is a specific thing, and unless you mean that thing, you probably should just say you're worried about her mental health.
What's so special about your laptop that "my laptop" isn't good enough
You should also try having elections on a Saturday, properly funding an independent federal election overseer, and getting rid of those election machines. I've never waited more than an hour to vote. And when a box of 300 votes were lost several elections ago, we knew it and had a whole second election.
How dare you, the kookaburra laugh gives me LIFE.
*It's not gay if you're underway.*
whatever happened to drawing a good old fashioned cock and balls
I was eventually able to decode your sentence! It took me far longer than it should have. &gt; If you recognise who owns this car, call them a cunt for flipping out at the yokine puma
The word you're looking for is xenophobic. And yes. You're not wrong. The city is oddly paradoxical with the way it welcomes and then acts towards people who are different. What "different" means is evolving, which is good, but too slowly.
They were shit for many years. But they are not shit now. Right now they are excellent.
&gt; smoke drifting from over east someone didn't do geography in high school.
More people missing their flights because the roads are fucked.
Is that some new super hero movie or
You should completely fail to learn from this and make the next one a Lego brick.
My experience driving in Sydney that it's pure anarchy out there.
I clearly missed the diary sign thing.
classic
Sigh. The simulator doesn't demonstrate what you think it demonstrates. It correctly demonstrates that you can do things to stretch traffic capacity (such as metered on ramps, which is what we are doing, and is actually one of the first things mentioned in the video that was linked). Politeness also helps, but you can't magic that on people. The point is that adding more lanes does not help. The simulator does not demonstrate that adding more lanes helps. Because adding more lanes doesn't help. Feel free to talk to /u/aussiekinga because this is his literal job.
I guess the possibility of getting shot if you piss someone off probably has a behavioural impact.
The relevance is that there is no magical paradise fairyland where everyone drives like a lovely polite perfect rationalist. The whole PERTH DRIVERS ARE TEH WORSE meme in this sub is getting absurd. There is no geographical characteristic or localised virus or gene that makes Perth drivers terrible. There is no cultural thing that makes Perth drivers worse than other Australian cities. Perth drivers aren't good. They also aren't bad. They are comparable to drivers in any city with comparable traffic. Like, I'm all for a meme (and I don't mean an image macro, I mean meme according to the original definition - an idea) - even a moderately offensive one - when it comes with a sly wink and a poke in the ribs. But there are constantly posts that seem to indicate a genuine opinion that Perth drivers are objectively and uniquely terrible. And it's just bullshit.
&gt; Whats up with the jobs? dey terk erm
While this thread is here, any recommendations for fine work? Murdoch sent me an ink print of my dog's footprint, and as you can imagine it's got lots of little splotches. I'm thinking about getting it done on my leg.
Don't we all just wish. Of course, if TISM were playing shows, we wouldn't need a Tool concert. FIGHT ME, TOOL FANS, DEEP DOWN YOU KNOW I'M RIGHT.
Please give her my number.
I mean, just for example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiHdpAVIHgo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwI2NrVYqIE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYwQ9wOOLxA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG4janHITY8 Or just https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFsQv6PsoKY
Look that's a fair point. I think there's a few different perspectives on what pride, and Australian, really means. So perhaps it's better I just say I think the nationalistic flag-cape-wearing love-it-or-leave fuck-off-we're-full cultural-melting-pot forget-the-past perspective is entirely fucked.
I'll allow it
I think that'll be okay; it'll just move indoors.
Well, it's stuck on 128, which implies 7 bits, or signed 8 bits, or a weird default. It would be useful to use signed under the hood indicate direction.
WoW. Just WoW.
Bolt has leveled up! Level 1: Climate change isn't happening. Level 2: Climate change is happening, but we didn't do it. Level 3: Climate Change is happening and it's our fault, but it's Good Actually. Level 4-6: Climate Change is happening and our fault and bad, but we shouldn't do anything because it's expensive/it wouldn't matter/until someone else does.
Property is a risky investment at the moment in general. The stability is not there compared to a well-managed, balanced investment portfolio, nor even Vanguard or other index funds. I don't know why you would want to put all/most of your eggs into one basket like that. Property is a fucking pit trap of an investment. It's easy to get into, and hard to get out of. So please take it from someone who is neck deep in one: don't jump into a pit trap.
What colour do you paint yours?
seems weird
Feet of Clay is one of my favourites.
Someone needs to visit the Book Club thread and read my recommendation.
It's pretty clear, actually, as long as you have rudimentary reading comprehension skills.
As Bernard Black put it: *Get your own human plaything. He's mine!*
Well, you're presumably white, and you seem like a cunt, so yeah, you're a white cunt. And since I'm white, by the Laws of Racism According To White Conservatives, I'm not racist for saying so.
I wouldn't go that far. Your past is more chequered than the flag.
&gt; Does having a watch really add value over just continuing to run with my phone? Watch GPS accuracy is far better than a phone (usually). A watch can do activity tracking and heart rate. A watch is much more convenient for pause/stop/checking your time etc than a phone. Theoretically you can also run without a phone, although you've indicated you wouldn't do this, which also means the music storage options on a watch aren't a benefit. So, yes, value is added, absolutely. Is that value worth the price you'll have to pay? That depends on how much you value the features offered and what your budget is like.
Jesus never did any free health care, after all
It's a design philosophy thing - I'll probably phrase this poorly, but basically: "don't break what we have to gain anything new". That doesn't mean you can't innovate, and it doesn't even mean that fixing problems with what you have is more important than innovation. But it does mean that when you *do* innovate, if it breaks *anything*, fixing that thing is more important than anything else. It's super hard to maintain that philosophy, and when you're doing weekly releases you essentially have to build your team around it. It's an impressive feat to do it and maintain it.
Another great brawl for finishing quests for classes that are otherwise unplayable (either because they suck or you don't have the cards)
Shit's fucked, man. And these all lives matter people can fuck right off. I don't know how we fix this shit, but something needs to change.
say that to my shooty bois also they're called beltys, underpips and makers. because makers go with takers.
I'm glad you're here to comment on this. Always fantastic to see your expert posts.
I'm going to go read it! Your posts there are very well done.
Are you legitimately trying to claim that white people are overwhelmingly the victims of oppression by black people compared to the other way around? Do you live in the mirror universe? Are you a character from The Flash? Because if so, please know that your show sucks.
I linked a YouTube video above. You should watch it. It's about Aboriginal people, not Americans, but the same principles apply.
Sorry, I thought you would have the comprehension skills to understand why it is relevant. But that's on me; I should have known you weren't, because if you were, you would already not be such a racist cunt.
Because they have intergenerational trauma too? And the cycle of oppression continues?
False narrative? Guess the endless list of black people killed by cops is all a lie then. Now watch that video again. The excuses run out when the trauma runs out.
I think no matter what I'd list as structural racism, you'd find some excuse to argue against it. So how about you do your own research - it's not like the list is short, you'll find plenty of examples - and maybe keep your mind a bit more open.
&gt; I know a lot of people here find all the flight radar screenshots They do? People will complain about anything.
Are you American? My first guess would be that we aren't super fit, we're just fitter than what you're used to. And that you'd see a similar thing in many other countries.
Oh wow I didn't know it was there! It's a cool cafe now. Edit: cool cafe got COVID'd
I'll credit you that the grass response was good, but Morrison's attempts at memery are without exception pathetic. He tries too hard at the awkward dad thing, to the point where he awkward dads up the awkward dadding, and then because he only comes ever across as an awkward dad, nobody can take him seriously. I don't know if this is a McGowan idea or from his media people, but regardless of what you think of him or his politics, there's no doubt that Labor have a much more competent meme game than the Liberals.
It definitely depends on the weather. And biology. In dead summer, my no-water limit can be as low as 5k. In winter I can sometimes do 4x that. But I'm lucky; most of my routes have water fountains, so it's not usually something I have to think about ahead of time.
We Do Not Sow
The West is like if News Corp was owned by a mining magnate. It's politically very similar but through a lens of sucking very particular types of corporate dick.
Vote for whomever you want, just make sure the people you're voting for are actually acting in your interests. If you're rich and centrist-to-liberal, you have decide what is more important to you: getting as rich as possible, or your social beliefs. If you're rich and conservative, vote Liberal. If you're not rich, and centrist-to-liberal, vote Labor or Greens. If you're not rich, and conservative, you have to decide what is more important to you: improving your station in life, or your social beliefs. Or you can let propaganda convince you that the same party will do both, despite all the evidence being to the contrary.
It's a low cost area that is far away from anything to do and has no reasonable way for young people with no car to go someplace else. Of course there is crime. Crime is everywhere, but crime is especially where bored young people with shitty parents are. The question is, is *violent crime* a major issue. And the answer to that is... not really. Statistically the odds of violent crime are pretty low. As for non-violent crime, the usual advice applies: have enough security features that your neighbours look softer than you do, and you'll probably be fine. Also if you're in a brand-new development area, you can't really know what it will be like anyway. Most kids don't go chasing waterfalls.
Far smaller races in Australia are still cancelled, and our cases are far, far lower than the US. I mean, y'all do you, but it's wild to me that this hasn't been cancelled. The only way I could see it working is having a HUGE starting area with staggered starts... but aid stations would surely still be a massive issue...
INCREDIBLE _ _ _ _ _
I said something similar in another thread, but here is again: I guess we should all just roll over and let the government (continue to) do whatever without fear? Although the climate protests have done basically nothing so I guess protests don't have the political power they used to. It's almost like politicians have long known what Trump has taken to the logical extreme: if you gaslight hard enough, people will lose interest.
Are you Aboriginal? Because if not, same thing. If you are, cool. You can go appeal to community to stop protesting! Wait. Didn't you say you voted for One Nation?
Every thread I read has to pass a series of rigorous tests...
Luckily it doesn't seem like we have too many statues of our fucked up genocidal forebears, so this isn't as big an issue as it is in other places. But we do have highways and suburbs and schools and all sorts of things named after these people. Rethinking some of that stuff probably wouldn't go astray. And we should definitely be having more monuments to our indigenous heritage. Because, fuck me, that stuff is INTERESTING. Look at NZ. They're doing a much better job balancing this stuff out.
Imagine downvoting this comment like it isn't a reasonable point of view.
Nothing *is* safe and nothing *will* ever be safe in the future. So, yeah. We like to think we're all important and don't want to be forgotten, but we are all just tiny inconsequential beings on a rock floating through space. The rock is roughly at a midpoint between being forged from dust and gravity, and being consumed by the inevitable expansion of the star it orbits.
A dogbone track design would have solved this problem ;)
Not just any old greg. THE greg.
It was a DC collection. It had WHTTMOT, Killing Joke, some Swamp Thing, some Green Arrow... a bunch of stuff.
We sure do get a lot of people looking to dispose of bodies in this subreddit.
To be fair, some of those highways are a bit... bendy. Like Tonkin sort of trends north and south and Roe is east-west, but both also translate to a fair degree at certain times.
I mean, apparently you can dump a body in Kings Park and totally get away with it. I always wondered about the undergrowth beside a major highway. No dog walkers... but probably there are like litter collectors that come by?
A tie between tripping on a footpath at speed, landing on my fingers and hyperextending two of them, and the time I landed on a gumnut and cracked my fifth metatarsal, a bone which is notorious for not healing (classic Jones fracture). Both were very painful. But the hand didn't stop me from running, so I guess it wasn't so bad; it was just annoying for work. The foot had me in a moon boot for 12 weeks, two surgeries, and running in pain for 6 months while there was a screw in there.
What a fuckwit. Even notorious halfwit and Manila resident George Christensen knows it's 18+ only.
They should combine all the reality genres into one. Sixteen couples made of one model and one nerd live in an apartment building full of cameras while renovating it. Every week they have to host a dinner party, followed by a race/scavenger hunt in a random Australian city/regional tourism area. Every week they have to vote one team out, but only if it matches who the audience votes for. And one person is the mole - they are either a smart model or a fake nerd. And they only lose if they get caught by their fellow models/nerds. And every week the rules will change. Like Calvinball.
I mean, kinda sorta. The road has a direction at any given point. But that might not be the direction it is headed overall. But it's true that most of them are reasonably straight, except Roe.
Sorry to double comment but I just saw this great post in /r/CMV by /u/Sayakai &gt; There's no such thing as a flawless person in power, so you're technically correct. But the issue isn't historic in that sense, it's that they're people living in a flawed reality. &gt;That doesn't mean every statue is ground for offense. It's important to consider what a statue represents or exalts. When you have a statue of a confederate military leader, shown in a military leader context, then it celebrates treason for the purpose of owning people - that's what the statue stands for, the primary theme. Meanwhile, the Duke of Wellington may be an aristocrat that certainly did some bad things at some point (see the first paragraph), but his celebration is primarily one of defeating Napoleon, which is a legitimate thing to celebrate. So the statue is fine. The problem we have here is different to the US or UK. Our statues (and other types of monuments) to Stirling, Roe etc are about their founding of our city. And that is inextricably linked to stolen land, massacres and general oppression of the people that were already living here. So it's not quite as clear-cut.
If she can't handle me eating a big burger our relationship has no chance.
I'll be honest with you, it doesn't matter how big the burger is, I'm going to finish it before she notices anyway.
Ah yes, the famous red centre of southern NSW.
Imagine the cognitive dissonance it must take to be a Liberal Party fanboy. They think spending billions of dollars to keep us out of the GFC was the action of a debt-addicted Labor government, but obviously deep down they know that it worked because spending a trillion to keep us out of the Coronacession is fine. They think that normally stimulating the economy by giving money and tax breaks to middle and especially high income earners is the way to go. But obviously deep down they know that that doesn't work and it's just money for mates, because come Coronacession they give money to the poors instead. Edit: also it's not really a Coronacession - COVID just sped up the slow spiral we were already on
I'll dirv however I want
One way or another, South Africans are experts on racism.
Years ago my internet went out. Long story short, three weeks and two techs later, the tech determins that my house, which should have had a naked iinet line, had a live Optus line. Somehow, by mistake, someone managed to get an Optus line connected to my house. For years I got Optus bills for some woman before I finally managed to convince them that the address was my house, the Optus line wasn't connected to it, and frankly I was annoyed that they'd connected it to my house in the first place.
If you had pressed 1, a man with a foreign accent would have tried to get you to buy iTunes gift cards.
I'm not sure why you're telling me that but that is unfortunate. Although obviously earning money reduces the amount you get from Centrelink (I think at 50c on the dollar?)
He's probably Italian or some other kind of "not white" white person.
We teach our kids about spiders, snakes, octopi and other dangerous creatures real early. But other than that probably the same, within, you know, expected limits.
Exactly this. All of this. The religiosity of the US is the outlier here. Most western countries are far less religious than the USA, even the countries of Europe that were bastions of faith for one and half millennia. Nowadays religion tends to be big in counties that are poor (Africa, South America), lack freedoms (Eastern Europe), and/or have large wealth inequality (US, South Africa)
Same. I was like, geez, what the hell.
We called it 4-square (I had no idea what downball was), with these rules, except I think we played rapid-elimination; when you were out, you always went to the line regardless of your rank. Keeps the game flowing a little more. And I think Ace always served to Queen. We might have played King-Queen-Jack-Dunce though. Or maybe we played Ace-King-Queen-Jack. The names are pretty fuzzy in my memory.
Read my other posts. What kind of idiot would be against general education? The guy was pretty clearly not talking about education generally. He is talking about some kind of specific Crimes Are Bad social engineering classes. Which is some racist shit.
The art is extremely cute but maybe it's that I have no MP experience but I have no idea what is going on.
I mean, it's fine to think that, but you could say the same for a 5k. It's not about completing it, it's about completing it with a good time (for you). They're just different measures. Is a 20 minute 5k "better" than a 1:45 half? It's faster per km, but the half is four and a bit times longer. You could probably roughly guess which was better by computing them as a standard deviation from a mean, but even that is skewed by population. Unless you're elite, you're realistically only competing against yourself and your own goals. Which is all to say: good luck with your 5k efforts, but you can leave your thoughts about longer distances at the door.
literally absolute scenes
You know a chiro isn't a back doctor, right? They're an alternative therapist. Like aromatherapy. I mean, that stuff has its place, but it isn't solving any problems. See an actual medical professional. A physio will probably help in terms of strengthening and regaining mobility etc, but you could also ask your GP for a referral to a specialist.
do a 🅱️ARREL ROLL
I just load from autosave...
Next time just call the emergency services on 0118999881991919725 (3)
I am not confusing anything for anything. The fact that universities offer those degrees is an embarassment. It's hokum. You know how you can tell? You almost never hear "the chiropractor fixed my back". You hear "the chiropractor helps me deal with my back" or "going to the chiropractor stops my back issues flaring up" all the time. It's an effective treatment for some pain, but it's remedial. It's treating symptoms. It's not trying to fix the underlying problem. Medical professionals are like engineers - they want to fix your problem, if they can. Chiropractors are more like hairdressers. They want your repeat business.
Yeah, you prefer the one that makes you feel nice, not the one that is going to fix you by making you hurt and do exercises.
Didn't you say you still have the issue? I fucked up two fingers in my hand after tripping and landing on it and giving myself multiple injuries. Physio was passing-out levels of pain on a biweekly basis for like 3 months. But guess what? My hand is 98% of what it was before I tripped. No pain, no gain.
I just set autosave to 5 minutes and reload whenever I die.
Fucking finally. Those laws were absurd, expensive, and pointless.
Tem pls ded tyrs pls tem
An average Aaron, but above average buns
Feet expand in summer. Don't throw away your old shoes, as you might find they fit again when the cooler weather returns.
"I'm all for eliminating racism but I draw the line when it impacts a thing I like, or something similar to what I like" - Reddit But yeah, I mean, it's 1000% true that there are bigger problems in the world, and bigger brands with similar (or worse) names. So this does come off as a little over the top.
I think we all know the government *says* it thinks the free market is king, but it only *acts* that way when it gives a reason to play reverse Robin Hood.
Yes, I haven't read it but from what I've heard it's basically "I hate everyone because they are all stupid and I am a genius and all the political madness that happened in Australia since I was knifed is their own fault for knifing me, the greatest genius". He's got the ego of an eloquent Donald Trump. He almost has the talent to back it up, but unfortunately his personality is toxic as fuck.
I remember once I was waiting for the train and these two old biddies planted themselves right by the door and made the exiting passengers walk around them. I'm like "you know, usually people stand back to let people exit first" and they were like "In my day people had respect for their elders" and I was like ???? Anyway, point is, I hear you. ED is a tough place to work and I'm thankful for all of you.
the thought crossed my mind, in what the Germans call a treppenwitz
&gt; and removed any financial incentive to work overseas for tax free income is it just me or does this sound like a good thing, idk
For a second I thought this was a Banished screenshot. I've never taken this approach to forests before!
I don't think so, I think you can successfully zig zag that pattern while leaving alternating gaps for powerpoles.
big beautiful T
If you're in high school, HJs is probably fine. But just for future reference, aside from veggo-specialty places, any Indian or Mexican restaurant is almost certainly vegetarian friendly. Japanese and Italian are also usually pretty safe, especially sushi and pizza focused places. And I've had pretty good success with Turkish/middle eastern style places, both on the cheaper kebab end of the spectrum up to actual restaurants. As a general rule, any Asian place will usually be okay, except maybe Chinese. And avoid any burger and chicken oriented places, and any kind of BBQ joint.
how about TREE(3)?
Roll your foot. Stretch your entire back legs before and after every run. Calf stretch and hamstring especially. I found some dynamic stuff before just to warm up was good, and 1 minute static holds in each position after worked very well. Plus calf raises. CALF RAISES. And don't run if it's especially sore.
We don't have to do or fix anything. We can put them in charge. Ask them what they want to do. The solution isn't intervention. The solution is to admit we don't know what to do. There's nothing wrong with not knowing. We just say "we don't know how to handle the situation so how about we offer to give you all the tools and support you need, and you tell us what you want us to do".
Look you might be right. But to that I say two things: first, they have a better idea of the problems in their communities and the solutions they think might work, taking into account their culture and other differences. Second, and this is a bit cynical but it's true, and how you sell the idea to racist fuckwits: if it all goes wrong we can't be blamed this time. But I don't think it will go wrong.
This is the worst analogy I've ever heard. For starters, you'd want an auto electrician. For second, if you have to assign chiro and physio to panel beater and mechanic, you'd definitely make the chiro the panel beater, because the physio concerns themselves with biomechanics and soft tissue. For third, a chiro is actually more like RAC roadside assistance. They're good for getting you back on the road with remedial care and pain relief, but for actual treatment no so much. It's interesting how different countries have different voodoo that is considered real.
Not a daycare, more like a shopping care. It was a gigantic two story McDonalds playground, plus a cafe. You'd pay by the hour. Very convenient for dropping the kiddos off and then going to World for Kids/Toys R Us to do Christmas shopping. They also did birthday parties.
The Liberals are much further right than the Democrats. They are left of the Republicans, but that gap seems to be narrowing. Labor are approximately the same as the Democrats. Labor have several formal internal factions which are actually reasonably far apart. They are much stronger on worker rights than the Democrats, but I would say right on social issues and economics. They're a centrist-left party on an unbiased political map. Our Greens are less of a joke party than yours, and they sit left of the Democrats. Over on the right we also have a party not dissimilar from the Trump Republicans. We had a Tea Party for a while as well, but that was just one guy and he's since realised nobody likes him and deregistered the party.
I worked at Bunnings (technically HardWareHouse) back in the day. The staff were far more toxic than the customers. Assistant managers on power trips, good times.
I mean, other stores might have been better, and maybe Bunnings does a better job of weeding out the dickheads now that they've removed the HWH brand. Maybe it was just my store. But yeah, I mean there's a bit of a trope about big box retail middle management being polluted with resentful people who fell into the role due to lack of better prospects, as opposed to genuine interest in the products or being in sales, and two of the four managers (and several of the team leaders) definitely held up to that stereotype.
I've been trying to figure out how to renovate my kitchen and my friend from work is a whiz with Sketchup and built a full model of my kitchen and we were trying different layouts and colours and it was AMAZING. She's awesome.
I honestly would be curious to find out.
Hence why my first theory was plausible.
I mean, to be fair neither of these facts contradicts the other. If anything, the fact that so many rich Black people are sports stars only serves to highlight the latter point.
I have recently started wearing activewear around the house, ie compression tights, and it has changed my life. They can be a bit cold in the evening though.
It took a while to understand why I should care about the Robots and The Will (although everyone loves Lying Cat) but *dang*.
I think it would have a proper name, like the Australian Justice League, but everyone calls them something else much more informally. Like the sports codes have a proper name but all get called footy or whatever. Realistically we'd probably call them supes.
I think that's officially called fettucini.
&gt; It's kind of like silencing their protest by telling them they have no right to request better treatment from cops if they don't fix their own problems first. The hypocrisy of this is just hilarious, with massively racist undertones. I guess we should never do anything without fixing our own problems first. "Sorry mate, can't help you move house, I gotta clean my own shed first" "Yeah but you're not even doing that, you're just sitting at home playing video games" "I don't make the rules! I can't help solve anyone else's problems while I have some of my own!"
Deaths is a huge, broad issue with many interrelated causes and effects. Cancer is a large part of the overall issue, with difficult and complicated solutions, which we are chipping away at slowly but will take decades to completely solve. Car accidents is a small part of the overall issue, but one with sudden and devastating consequences for the community, and one with several solutions that are relatively simple and of relatively low cost to implement, with little to no negative consequences for the community at large. It is "low hanging fruit". In fact, the analogy is kind of a poor one. As a white person, having police be better trained and respond better to racially charged situations has zero consequences for me, and frankly I can't see how it could be remotely controversial. Road safety measures make my life much more inconvenient
No, that's not what I'm saying. That's the same "all lives matter" logic, just from the other side. Black Lives Matter is about the violence the state commits against Black people. It is not about any other kind of violence. It is not "ignoring" other kinds of violence. You can apply "whataboutism" to anything. Are people raising money for breast cancer or testicular cancer "ignoring" other cancers? It's actually okay for people to focus on and make noise on the part of one specific issue.
The protests also aren't saying anything about Sudanese genocide, or diabetes in the USA, or even the general life expectancy of Aboriginal people. That doesn't mean the protests don't think that those Black lives matter, just like the protests don't mean that *only* Black lives matter. **The protests are about the state violence against Black people.** Just like Pink Ribbon raises money for breast cancer, and not other cancers, or other causes of death in women.
Yeah, we all understood the point you and the others are trying to make. Perhaps you should take a second to understand us. You first tried to silence BLM with ALM, only to be told you're being idiots. Now you're trying to silence BLM by suggesting that Black on Black violence is a bigger problem and suggest that that should be solved first. **You're partly right** - it is a bigger problem - but you're still being idiots. We all know and understand that Black on Black violence is an issue in the world. Nobody is denying that. Nobody is pretending that isn't happening. Possibly you would not be aware of the many efforts around the world to solve some of these problems - perhaps you should expand your news horizons and look into that. But, as I mentioned in my cancer vs car accident analogy below, these matters are complicated, with many contributing factors, and will take decades to sort out. And, turns out, we as a society can work on more than one problem at a time! So, while some people work through the tough problems in the background, maybe some of us can work on smaller, simpler, more immediate problems right now (it might even make the background tasks easier!)
Or maybe I was asleep. Are you even from WA? Fuck off with your FIFO racist willfully dishonest whataboutism.
https://youtu.be/cDYGjkcjUdg I bet you don't watch the whole thing.
Or they're frustrated by people trolling with willful ignorance and disingenuous discussion.
I run in Adrenalines, were recommended by a podiatrist. I find the Hoka Arahis fantastic if you need a support/motion control shoe. But yeah, TRC is the place to go now that RunWest is closed. I'm not sure if Runningworks in Hilton has a treadmill setup.
&gt; My opinion (Which I am not so arrogant as to call a fact) is that for the community to focus on the relatively small problem of black deaths in custody without paying attention to the bigger problem of domestic violence is hypocritical. You're welcome to your opinion. I can separate facts and opinions. The facts are as I outlined. My opinions are (a) that it's okay to prioritise the order in which you solve your problems, and (b) your opinion is ridiculous. It's like you've never in your life had two problems at once, and certainly never had two problems where one was caused by other people. I love analogies, so here's another one. Imagine you live with family members who are hoarders, and stress makes them worse. And you're trying to help clean up the house, but your neighbour is cranking high volume death metal 24/7. So you're distracted and they're stressed out and making things worse. You're basically saying that you shouldn't go next door and tell them to put a sock in it until the house is tidy. Which is... just no. But I digress. It's great that you live such an unproblematic life! I'm happy for you. &gt; You know nothing other than what you hear in the media, you have no real life experiences. You know nothing about my real life experiences, and I'm not about to out any of my friends or family in order to satisfy some absurd authority-appealing I-know-more-about-Aboriginal-people-than-you dick-measuring contest.
What was it like growing up in Kickapoo?
Tagged you as Aunt May
Using RES - I think it's web only
I thought we were getting more and larger bookstores.
Look he clearly wants to work hard and is dedicated to the cause of scamming people, so why not do it in one of the legal avenues for doing so? Real estate, used cars... he could even move over east and buy a pokie pub!
TBH Mexico might be interested in funding that wall right now.
Wait. What? There's *two* of them???
So what you're saying is that coincidentally Sky-Murray is just West-Murray with the lack of self-awareness of Derek Reilly, and a bit of the malice of Alan Jones.
To that extent, I agree. But that's not to say vape shouldn't also be controlled. There are way too many kids addicted to that shit.
I use robots for bringing me stuff, building stuff for me, and for moving low-volume goods in my bootstrap base where space to set up belts might be a bit awkward (modules, rocket parts).
Yeah, except if we used cigarettes as the maximum allowable standard of hazard and addictiveness before we disallow the sale of something, we'd be living in a far, far worse world. The fact that cigarattes are still available for sale is essentially a throwback. Vape is a new thing, and is being regulated according to modern standards. It is addictive as well as a (not insignificant) health hazard. I'm all for regulating cigarettes the same as vape, but imagine THAT outcry. Either way, this stuff is far too readily available for kids. I'm sympathetic to those who quit smoking using vape, but y'all should have used it as an opportunity to wean, not as an excuse to double down.
Australian here. Two tips. One: Don't run in the sun. Ever. Not only is it trying to kill you with cancer, the sun on your skin makes a HUGE difference in your perception of temperature. Running in 30 degrees at night is sweaty but tolerable. Running in 30 degrees in the daytime feels like the gates of hell have opened. If you're uncomfortable running in the dark, you have four options: treadmill, bring a friend, run in well lit areas (waterfronts, tourist areas), or find a shady path and time your run for sunset or sunrise. Two: Don't do speed work unless you're comfortable. Expect to lose considerable pace in the heat. For me, easy pace is 30-45 seconds faster in winter. Bonus tip #3: Hydrate yourself to fuck and back, and cook with extra salt.
&gt; why not the same for ciggaretts Prohibition generally is flawed, certainly. But limited access seems to be the way to go. American Prohibition has indicated that when you try to outright ban a long-held vice, things go poorly. Essentially, alcohol and tobacco sit in the safe triangle of socially acceptable enough that community taste for a ban is low, taxed so that revenue for the government is high, and with a large enough addict population that outcry for removing them would be high. Pokies are actually a great example of this; in WA, where we've never really had them, there is zero community appetite to introduce them. But try removing them from a state that has them!
I did the math on a novated lease a few years ago. Add up the cost of the inclusives - especially insurance, but also tyres, fuel, services, rego etc. Everything. It's more than you think. Way more. Then add the price of your car. Then add the cost of the balloon payment. Now calculate the tax deduction value at your tax rate and subtract it. Depending on your other deductions if you're earning around 80-90k there is a good chance that the cost of a loan (including interest, plus all the inclusives) is more than the cost of a novated lease. Certainly over 100k a lease will almost always win. There's a reason rich people lease. When I did the math - a quite a few years ago - it came out about even versus the interest on the equivalent cash offsetting my home loan, so I did it because flexibility is good. If you can't do a novated lease, forget it. It's just a loan with extra steps. And yeah lease insurance is bought and paid for in bulk, so, although the excess can be a bit steep, if you have a bad driving record the insurance can work out much cheaper. Edit: clarified in second paragraph
Premium options: Applecross, Como, South Perth. Vic Park would be worth the extra travel time for easy access to the strip there, but average harassment levels are probably slightly higher there than anywhere else I'm mentioning in this post. Cheaper options: Kardinya, Murdoch, Leeming, Bull Creek, Willeton. Compared to London all these places will be much safer. All of these places are 10 minutes or less from the hospital. And these suburbs aren't exactly "cheap" by Perth standards. They're middle class. Walking access to a variety of places is just as easy as in the premium options, plus it's also affordable. Nice dog walking is everywhere. The premium options have more river options, but a very short drive from the cheaper places will have you in Mt Pleasant or Shelley with more river than you'll know what to do with, and there are plenty of parks at your doorstep for the daily walk. Personally, I'd save money on rent and take one of the second options. But I'm biased, I live in Bull Creek. I'm a 15 minute jog from the hospital. If you don't have housing sorted by the time you're arriving, let me know. I have a spare room I rent to short stays on occasion.
Which is why I said it might be worth the extra travel time? It's like 20 minutes though at the odd hours hospital workers travel at, it's not exactly a backbreaking strain.
The family TV has Rove on, and a news ticker appeared on the bottom of the screen.
Sorry, did I read that right, you're doing 4km of 40/40 intervals every session? Stop doing that. At this stage you should do that once per week at most. No wonder your legs are feeling overdone!
Is that what you did?
Even if that were true, why would giraffes need to swim?
Indigenous inequality and injustice is a Gordian Knot of contributing factors and feedback loops, in a steel cable so it cannot be put to the sword. It's also itself a contributing factor of many other problems in Perth. There are no simple solutions or easy answers, so all anyone can do is chip around the edges. It almost certainly won't be fixed in our lifetime, and that's incredibly unfair, mainly to them, obviously, for suffering the harshest consequences, but all of society is stuck cleaning up the mess of those who came before us. But it will be better.
I love the red inserters at the bottom, especially on the lab that also has a yellow one. Really embrace the haphazard aesthetic.
&gt; Chicken parmigianas are around $22-$25 everywhere Exactly. Theirs is *more than that*. And I drink Coke Zero so yeah not so much. If that makes me more or less cool than a Swan Draught drinker or a Peroni finger drinker, I couldn't give a fuck ;)
They're sold at Living Edge (Northbridge), Bad Backs (I think they have two or three places) and at least one other place I've forgotten. Gumtree usually has a few up.
Only if you think the AUS$ is going to go up relative to the US$. Which under normal circumstances given the virus over there I would have thought would be a sure bet, but the markets seem to be emulating the Republicans and sticking their fingers in their ears.
The shutting down is definitely happening a lot online. But I think I'm not entirely opposed to that? I know for a fact that these conversations and community engagements are happening on a daily basis within various government departments. Frankly, I would rather they be given the space to work in a professional and culturally sensitive environment, with community leaders and Elders. I don't really need to hear the opinions of someone's auntie or someone I went to high school with, both of whom's best qualification is that they once talked to an Aboriginal parent at the kid's footy game. Which is also why I try not to have any opinions on it, other than "holy shit it's complicated". The only thing I know for sure is that any attempt to cut through the Knot is definitely wrong. Which is why I think it's the perfect situation for a "wave the magic wand" question like OP's.
I assume the only reason Modesty Blaise even runs is that it's cheap as fuck in syndication. Surely few people actually read it.
I mean, name a good person. There are no good people. There are only people who try harder than others, despite still constantly failing.
If anything, I should probably avoid that word due to its sexist overtones. But, as I recall, I didn't choose it; it was part of a conversation.
I'm super excited to hear your opinion about them! And I'm glad this little thread has become a thing! I'm reading a few trash novels at the moment, just to get them off my pile. I'm probably due a BD order, but I might do some re-reads for a while. I'm not sure what, yet.
I don't sorry :(
