I’m only a second language learner of Spanish, but I can add that the only time I’ve heard the “mi nombre es” construction (or corresponding question) outside a beginner Spanish class is in a customs line.
Good luck with applying your logic to intersex people.
It’s an even better reason to shit on UPMC. They’re refusing the largest health insurance network in the country so they can sell their own insurance with a competitive advantage.
Any moisture trapped in the resin (or in the cereal inside the resin) will heat up, expand, and crack the resin. It would be less of an “explosion” though, and more of a shattering.
Poor Alan Davies.
It might survive the top rack, but I wouldn’t chance it.
I disagree, only because that’s not a cultural universal. That six pack might be considered a gift to the host, and in that scenario it’s definitely rude to just go take one back. Of course cultures that have that concept aren’t likely to leave you wanting for food or drink.
We’re big on potlucks for casual parties in the US, and that cultural idea bleeds even into casual parties that aren’t explicitly potlucks. The host will absolutely provide beer, but it will generally be something with broad appeal and average quality that can easily be bought in bulk. Depending on region, social class, and age there’s basically a codified standard beer; for me growing up in the northeast it was either Sam Adams or Yuengling. It’s basically always a lager, unless the host knows their guests will agree on something less generic. If you as a guest want something fancier or more interesting, like a strong IPA or a milk stout, you’re encouraged to bring some and share it. That’s not considered a slight against the host, because it’s outside the American hosting contract. Leftovers are usually left for the host to enjoy. Note again this is for casual parties. If you got a printed invite or there’s a fancy dress code, you bring either nothing or a nice bottle of wine that is purely a gift.
That’s definitely the majority cultural expectation in North America, being North American myself, but neither the US nor Canada are culturally homogeneous. My point is that the coworker might be from a different culture where that six pack is considered a host gift, and so asking for a beer back from it would be rude, but even then something is still wrong because cultures with that tradition tend to drown guests in hospitality.
When my depression gets really bad, I’m almost that gross. But I also don’t rationalize it as fine to have a week and a half of dirty dishes in my kitchen. It’s gross for me too.
So who decides which one you get? To keep it fair you’d have to build a jury of peers, present the available evidence to them, and have them make a decision which track to send the accused down. Otherwise you’re letting police or prosecutors be judge and jury.
And that was basically my point. The reason even obviously guilty people get trials is because a jury of peers should decide who is and isn’t “obviously guilty” just as much as they should decide who is and isn’t surprisingly guilty, and at that point you’ve basically convened a trial anyway and might as well do the whole thing.
&gt; Is there indisputable video footage of you committing the act? In an era of Deepfakes, what’s “indisputable video footage”? &gt; were you arrested in the midst of committing the act? “Yeah we totally arrested this guy red handed smuggling cocaine. No need to examine evidence, we know he did it so we’ll just take him straight to prison. Trust us.” — crooked cops &gt; Is said act of unquestionable criminality (ie killing a bunch of people)? All crimes are acts of unquestionable criminality. Trials aren’t deciding whether grand larceny or rape is really a crime or not, they’re deciding whether the accused actually committed that crime.
When it’s taught in schools he’s presented as someone the teenagers in the class *will* identify with, and discussion about it becomes “explain how Holden is an accurate and excellently written representation of the average, intelligent youngster like yourselves”. I think it’s natural to resent the character when he’s consistently presented as a dark mirror that doesn’t actually match. If so many people have difficulty empathizing with Holden Caulfield I don’t think the logical assumption is that people lack empathy, it’s that he probably isn’t as universally deserving of empathy as his proponents insist. I’ve read plenty of books about unlikable, impossible to empathize with characters, but the only characters I’ve been vilified for rejecting are Holden and Christopher McCandless (*Into the Wild*).
By your analysis her entire species are child rapists, since their entire typical lifespan is 9 years and they obviously reproduce (we see Kes born onscreen even). Also the disconnect between her literal age and lifecycle development, from a human perspective, is a major theme for Neelix. Kes literally *begs* him to mate with her at one point, and he has a minor crisis about it.
That’s an interesting point for the newer cars that stop the engine while the car is stationary (lots of German cars have it now). They don’t produce any alternator current while stopped.
But both of those are things that could conceivably pay pretty well if you’re really good at them, since they’re niche performance arts. Still not enough for a $6 million house, of course, but the meme demands completely useless jobs that can’t possibly make money.
That card did a ton of work in my BW lifegain matters deck pre-wipe.
If they’re calling IT, they probably count. CS PhDs are about a 50/50 split between people who love computers enough to suffer years of advanced mathematics to help make them better, and tech-illiterate mathematicians who heard the big math money is in algorithms.
&gt; One time he figured out how to remove the Linux end of a Linux-Windows dual boot too. Not to discount your father’s accomplishments, because most people would glaze over at the concept of “dual booting” or Linux in general, but Windows is usually pretty good about handling that on its own. Every time it updates. It *really* doesn’t like not being the default booting OS.
You asked what contracts had to do with laws. The answer is literally everything.
The CTA is the best transit system I have ever used in the US. Only New York and Boston are even near the ballpark, and New York’s is falling apart because it needs significant repairs but the state won’t let it shut down service to enact them.
As a counterpoint this lift would be very slow, and the direction of hydraulic failure is *down*, so depending on jurisdiction it might just not require a safety mechanism against this mode of failure. It definitely *should* have a lockout system though, so random children or well-placed water can’t cause it to run accidentally.
Well what would you suggest caused the obviously electrically controlled lift to do this as a result of flooding? The mechanical components wouldn’t be actuated by being underwater.
It’s almost certainly Father Blackwood sitting in his office ~~chair~~ throne in the Academy, from *Sabrina*.
It has nothing to do with the power of the AI and everything to do with having studied computational linguistics. In the 24th century they could easily have computing technology to train a translation AI almost instantly; speed isn’t the issue. You need a certain amount of data before you can even begin modeling a language, and you *cannot possibly* gather enough data from a few seconds or minutes of speech. Given only “klaatu barada nikto”, is that “hey nice to meet you” or “fuck off or we’ll kill you”? You’d need more data to figure out what parts of speech those words are and what they each mean separately and together, and that’s assuming the alien language has a concept of parts of speech or words even. It becomes even harder if the other party doesn’t even “speak”, which is very likely. Even body language probably won’t help. What does a friendly gelatinous goo look like, vs an aggressive one? In summary, the Star Trek UT can never exist because it’s more than 100% efficient. From just a few words it can figure out an entire language; in reality you need a larger language sample than the text you’re trying to translate and it needs to be in a format the system understands. Unless the other party opens every first contact by sending over a copy of their equivalent of Shakespeare’s complete works for your AI to consume, first contact will be resolved one way or the other before you’ve figured out how to speak to each other.
C'mon dad can't you just be proud of me for once instead of embarrassing me in front of all my Internet friends?
It’s not frowned upon so much as intentionally obscure, out of concern people will set it up that way but then think they have a standard Hassio install.
&gt; they didn’t test Android phones with ir/3d face/eye scanning You’re right, they tested the flagship models from Samsung, LG, and OnePlus.
Why do you think they don’t know what it means? It seemed like an intentional implication that he was the recipient of vigilante justice.
Probably didn’t want to discharge a firearm in the middle of a town intersection. The crossbow isn’t likely to lethally ricochet if the cop misses.
Well Krynn wasn’t particularly hard to find, until Takhisis stole it away and hid it.
Thanks to a law that has only been cited in cases twice, and would certainly not survive a trip to the Supreme Court. The only reason it hasn't been actively repealed is because a push to do so would be easily portrayed as actively pro-Communist and so political suicide for anyone counting on the votes of Gen X and older (so, everyone).
Easy on the eyes, for sure, but also a punch to the gut every time you look at the secondary monitor.
Interesting. I was looking at an older version of that same FAQ (almost 10 years now that I check the revision date) and that question was phrased like this: &gt; **Who owns the street trees?** The City of Philadelphia has jurisdiction over street trees. Thanks for the clarification. I wonder if it was intentionally misleading. I’ll update my comment (though the “the city can do whatever they want” point is still equally valid).
I wasn’t referring to the screenshot, I was referring to the skyline.
But they are advertised as an equivalent feature on directly competing phones, which is precisely why the article is relevant at all. Otherwise it is, exactly as you say, “advanced facial recognition better than less advanced system” which isn’t news. The significant point is that these other leading manufacturers are ticking the now-consumer-relevant box of secure face unlocking in the spec sheet without actually providing the expected security.
If that gave the title of the original post (if different from the crosspost) it would be pretty perfect in my opinion.
I think the good part of the official app’s display is that it’s clear the URL target of the Reddit post is itself a Reddit post because of the post-in-post layout. The same way a tweet, or a video, or a gallery get type-specific representations in the feed, that gives Reddit posts a type. I agree that it doesn’t need to be as big and cluttered as that, though. Perhaps a slightly stripped down version of the compact post style for text posts and websites, and an overlay bar for images and videos. Feel free to take or leave my spitballing, but my main point is the nestedness in the Reddit app is good even if the execution is cluttered.
I’d say “often” rather than “always.” If you’re bailing on game 1 when you got mana screwed or ran out of gas or just have the wrong removal, that’s probably the right call. If it’s game 3 and you’re maybe saving a couple minutes by conceding instead of watching them execute the same wincon you saw earlier, I’d argue more often than not it’s in your best interests to make them play it out. They could be bluffing, they might be stalling until they draw that last piece of the combo, or they might make an unprofitable attack and leave themselves open. I’ve won plenty of games because I thought “I’ll just let them play it out” and they couldn’t.
Just to generalize the answers: if an effect like this does only apply if the creature already gets counters, it will say so in the effect. E.g. [[Doubling Season]] (I don’t think there are any that only affect entering with counters)
Would you say “I just eat one spaghetti” either though? For most English speakers we’d expect spaghetti to be an uncountable noun, so it would be “one piece/strand/stick/etc of spaghetti”.
Void Winnower has my personal favorite Gatherer ruling of all time. &gt; Yes, your opponent can’t even. We know.
One is objectively significantly worse than the other, and pretending they’re identical only validates the GOP’s current behavior.
&gt; An example of this is that IQ in America varies by race and blacks are at the bottom, an objective fact but with very racist implications that will get you shunned. Most people know that black people are not actually genetically inferior, it’s because they are disproportionately poor and their schools are more like warzones than classrooms. But try getting that nuance across in modern left wing circles. I hate this bullshit. Anyone wanting to have a serious conversation on the topic would lead off with a thesis about how the concept of the IQ test is flawed and can perpetuate stereotypes about intelligence because it reflects socioeconomic factors. Opening with a statement with heavily racist overtones to garner a negative reaction, then countering that justified outrage with a “gotcha!”, is the argument equivalent of clickbait. It’s just the moderate-left version of “owning the libs”.
If you’re referring to the one from PragerU, they’re a well-known conservative “think tank”. Basically they preach the same policy as Bible-thumping, corporate welfare distributing GOP politicians but in an organized, calm, seemingly well-researched manner. For example, I listened to a whole ad about universal healthcare, and they had actually almost swayed me to agree with them before I noticed a statistic they were depending on was horrifically misrepresented. Had I not just read an article about the UK’s NHS I might have easily taken their cited death rate as a valid condemnation, when really it was a metric of terminally ill patients who died in NHS care (which of course is going to be quite high).
You can tell from the distortion anyway. The edge of her left cheek is visible through the lens where it wouldn’t be without a lens present.
It may be, but the point is that line is disjoint with the line that side of her face makes outside the glasses (and since they’re clear, there’s even a third line within the frame itself).
Same way you think in metric, our internal concepts of length/weight/temperature are just in those units. The math sucks a lot more, of course, but as far as picturing 300ft or 4in it’s no harder than picturing 90m or 10cm is for you.
Especially the first, but also the second. Basically if you can draw a pattern at all you should talk to a doctor about it, because for most people it should be a “oh that’s what happened that one time” thing.
&gt; Plants don’t grow in space … yes they do. Some plants struggle, but plants as a whole do just fine in microgravity.
Kroger, Albertsons, the roughly two dozen other regional store names they own between them, Giant, Publix, Wegmans, Giant Eagle, Trader Joe’s, Stop-n-Shop… Basically anything you’d describe as a regular grocery store. I’m not talking about Whole Foods or anything. I remember seeing it as far back as Win-Dixie with my mom in the nineties, though I think it was just rBGH then.
&gt; still be lawful because they’re following their own code of conduct even if they’re not following the law of the land And when they travel to a place where slavery is legal? Given the option to let a slave escape or turn him in, the LG character *should* support freeing him even if there is a law to punish those who aid escaping slaves. I’d call turning the slave in LN at best and probably NE. The inherent problem with defining lawful/chaotic as anything to do with the laws of the land is that said laws change as soon as you cross a border. If they truly can’t enumerate their personal code I agree it’s a cop-out, but adherence to a structured code (vs just laws) is *explicitly* part of the description for Lawful alignment in 5e.
&gt; their expensive MTO. I’m not trying to start up the turf war, because I too believe in our lord and savior goose, but I don’t think you’ve ever been to a Sheetz then. The MTO stuff is cheaper than the Wawa equivalent basically across the board. A sad 6” meatball sub is much less sad when it costs $2.50.
&gt; It’s one of a laundry list of bugs the developer simply doesn’t bother addressing much less putting in effort to fix. Okay, I’ll bite. Give me the list, I’ll find evidence you’re full of shit for every single item on it.
They’re not, they’re doing it because it has been a common abbreviation for hundreds of years and therefore *don’t* have to think about the etymology behind it.
File metadata isn’t going to be acceptable as an exhibit in any competent court. It’s trivial to change creation and modification dates on files.
Mojito Postcard Cemetery flows a bit better IMO.
Depending how old your printing of a given book is, quite possibly. The errata only include functional or possibly functional changes. Basic typos just get silently fixed in new printings. Here’s the complete current errata for all three core books (specifically updated last month to reflect the changes included in the gift set): http://dnd.wizards.com/articles/sage-advice/errata-november-2018 Any existing book you have may contain some of these errata, depending on what printing it is, so if an individual erratum seems redundant that just means your copy is newer than that change. EDIT: expanded with more info
The *little* conical ice creams. (Thanks, I’ll fix it)
&gt; or submit anything else that will make ricers happy. I’d say this falls squarely in that category though, and occasional workspace photos have always been part of /r/UnixPorn (seriously, there are so many photos of ThinkPads if you scroll through old posts). We care about the aesthetics of Unix setups, and the computer and desk around the screen can be as important as the pixels on it. If next week we’re still inundated with workspace photos then it might be a different story.
Kid’s in the living room playing happily, you walk out to your car because you left something there, come back and kid is vanished. Your first thought is not that they somehow snuck past you and out the door you don’t think they know how to open, it’s that they wandered into another room. By the time you search the house they’ve easily made it a couple hundred feet out the front door. If there’s a rural highway within that 200ft, you get this.
More lanes doesn’t necessarily equate to “highway”. Sometimes it’s there because there are lots of cross streets and it would be a clusterfuck of turns if everyone was stuck in one lane.
I’m curious what the drive is for constant 10Hz updating to HA. Would pushing updates after significant changes, with a less frequent scheduled update, not cover the intended use case?
Why would you assume someone who is skilled at finely manipulating metal awls and lengths of fiber would *not* be capable of murder?
I mean his name is *Zoids*. Of course he’s a robot.
The flooded blocks are relatively new, and let’s players have likely been playing for quite a while and so already have a fairly set farm design they use. It does look nice though.
I don’t feel I’ve been treated like shit at any point, and I’ve been an Apple customer since the release of the iPod mini.
&gt; Well, mark me down for disagreeing with that video then. You disagree with… the law? Like that’s not unreasonable in itself, disagreeing with a law, but don’t get mad at people for adhering to it when there’s literally no moral impact to doing so.
Mostly comes down to screen size and resolution. The Mac is pushing 4x or more pixels than the largest phone while rendering more complicated content on an average basis (compositing windows is expensive, whereas tiling them like iOS is not so much), and needs more powerful backlighting to illuminate that whole screen. iPads are closer to a fair comparison, and the gap there isn’t so large. Not to mention the Mac display is on essentially the whole time you’re using it, whereas a day of using a phone involves a *lot* of screen-off time. If you do (or simulate) constant screen-on activity on an iPhone compared to the same on the Mac, the iPhone *will* die first. Ditto if you have the Mac screen turned off but prevent it from full sleep. I’ve left my MacBook running command line processes that prevent sleep by accident, and while the battery is certainly quite low 24-36 hours later it usually won’t have entirely died.
On the contrary, I’ve had a few things break. The *worst* experience I’ve had was bringing my phone into a store to get the battery replaced and getting it back after the hour without the swap having actually happened. I noticed this and the service manager ran the necessary diagnostics right in front of me, confirmed at least two techs had f-ed up for that to happen, and replaced it for me himself in ~15 minutes with profuse apologies for the inconvenience.
They generally go back and forth on NVIDIA vs AMD/ATI. It’s just been a Radeon swing the last couple years. Also you can totally put whatever GPUs you want in the new Mac Pro; they made a point of it being PCI despite all the hullabaloo about the massive first-party card.
Yes very clever congratulations
&gt; Bosé
The easy thing would be to bundle it with the VESA mount by default, with the stand available for a premium. I don’t think the the actual outrage (beyond Redditors looking for something to complain about despite the fact they’d never buy this monitor anyway) is that the stand is expensive, it’s that the base price tag doesn’t include a functional monitor.
&gt; he shouldn’t take steps which excludes part of them. So at what point *is* a developer allowed to drop support for older technologies? It can’t be when no customers use it, because that will never happen (see George RR Martin typing ASoIaF on an ancient desktop), so you’ve got to set a threshold.
The worst was working in a gelato shop that sold by weight. Some people would lose their shit if say a medium, advertised as 4oz, ended up being 3.99oz or 4.04oz on our super accurate scale and say we were trying to rip them off. If you added a smidge more to bump it up and didn’t nail the number the second time they’d start screaming. Sometimes they were repeat customers who only started being this way on their 5th or 6th visit. I still don’t understand.
You need a domain-specific analysis for this, not just raw inflation. A top of the line graphics card is twice as much today as it was in 2010, and RAM has been suffering from price-fixing. As much as people like to clamor for it on Reddit, the actual market for an upgradable ~$2500 desktop is overwhelmingly PC gamers who aren’t going to buy a Mac for that purpose anyway.
Almost certainly due to a lack of demand. Apple provides the drivers for any model with permanent GPUs, so the web drivers market was mostly the handful of people still running a pre-2013 Mac Pro (many of whom couldn’t upgrade to Mojave anyway). I’ll be shocked if NVIDIA doesn’t have macOS drivers ready again by the time the new Pro launches.
But Notre Dame is just a *thing*. A beautiful and historic thing, but a thing. If it takes 10 years to repair it, it will still be beautiful and historic when the restoration is complete. A university is its faculty, standing student body, and research much more than the buildings it occupies. Between deaths in the initial disaster and attrition during the period the university has no facilities, a completely demolished university would take years or decades to recover. Even somewhere like Yale or Harvard or Stanford isn’t worth anything as literally just a name.
I mean sure, but that’s not the game mechanics of what reputation is: an aggregate of student population, Academic Works, and campus attractiveness. It’s not the reputation of the degree you leave with, as you’re considering it, but the reputation of the school as a place you want to enroll currently. If Harvard was completely leveled tomorrow and the faculty decimated, people would still hire Harvard graduates, but the matriculation would plummet and most existing students would transfer away.
I think design language (across the board) is starting to settle back toward a useful middle ground. We had the period where UI was actively replicating physical objects, with metal windowframes and analog clocks and glossy photorealistic icons, which often felt a bit cluttered even as it looked cool. Then everything swung toward “flat design”, with Metro and iOS 7 and abstracted symbolic icons dominating minimalist color-blocked interfaces where skeuomorphism was a dirty word. Now we’re finally seeing the balance between “the note app should look like a real-life notebook” and “a pencil icon should just be a triangle attached to a long rectangle”. Some things *should* resemble real-life objects, because it helps people understand how to use them in a virtual space, but minimalism and white space also have their uses.
It’s never a good idea to compare battery life on a beta, because non-release builds typically are doing a lot more logging and performance analysis in the background.
It’s $150 for a copy of the DVD that’s sent to the people voting on the Emmys. Both the Oscars and the Emmys are decided by secretly selected boards of voters, each member of which receives a copy of each show or film they’ll be voting on. It’s still stupid, but it’s at least a fairly unique item that someone is violating an NDA to release.
The Eldrazi aren’t part of any published D&amp;D books, so this is homebrew flavor-wise. The Eldrazi definitely tick all the boxes of Great Old Ones, though, especially as described in the Shadows over Innistrad block (even the block name is a reference to Lovecraft’s *Shadows over Innsmouth*). There was also an official D&amp;D supplemental book released recently called *Guildmasters’ Guide to Ravnica*, so there’s at least some official support for the MtG multiverse in Dungeons &amp; Dragons. It’s just not in the core rulebooks, which are setting neutral by design (except the parts when they’re super specifically about Forgotten Realms lore).
The crown and rocky skin is very Kozilek, but the extra eyes and organic deformation look much more like Emrakul’s influence to me. Are they maybe accidentally tapping into more than one titan’s power?
Kozilek’s Return probably shows them most clearly. I’d actually never noticed the extra eyes on him before! I was going off what Emrakul’s presence caused to the inhabitants of Innistrad, which included extra eyes and mouths in addition to the obvious meltiness and tendrils.
If you have any Wallet passes that are or have ever been tied to a specific location (like plane tickets or your Starbucks loyalty card), those also trigger location-based alerts.
The other guy’s a dick, but I agree with his point. No law enforcement agency is going to do anything at all if you call in and report someone brake checking, especially without a video. As far as they know you’re the asshole trying to get someone else in trouble for slowing down legitimately, especially by the third or fourth time you call in.
I’m a big proponent of the zipper merge. Zipper merging doesn’t mean you literally have to be inches from driving onto the shoulder before you’re allowed to merge. This isn’t a math class; the “merge point” isn’t an infinitesimal spot in space, it’s at least a couple car lengths long. This car was *maybe* another car length short of that. The rage in this thread is misplaced, and the self-righteous tone is part of why people refuse to learn to zipper merge at all.
&gt; “Yes, but if we let northbound traffic down the ramp, there could be “confusion” or maybe a few minor collisions! Better let the 7 mile backup become a 13 mile backup than to confuse or risk congestion!” Let me know where you live, so I can be sure to be prepared for the emergency response to include diverting traffic into oncoming lanes or one-way roadways with absolutely no indication or traffic control for drivers using those lanes normally. Any agency that doesn’t post an officer or fire marshal at the bottom of that ramp before sending traffic down it is incompetent, and should be ready for the legal and political whiplash accordingly. You seem very worried about the length of the highway backup, but if an incident occurs at the bottom of that ramp those people on the highway are even more trapped.
What does that have to do with front plates looking ridiculous or not?
A USB C plug is almost exactly the size of the Lightning port; not the inside of the port, of course, but if you include the whole silver (stainless?) ring of the port housing. On a device with no home button it wouldn’t surprise me if the ports were essentially drop-in replaceable within the same chassis design.
&gt; Love Never Dies I don’t even like *Cats* but I’d be upset if I met someone who knew *Love Never Dies* but not *Cats*.
You lie: https://tineye.com/search/c569d56d810cf3e0badc5506cd73a97960c79ce0
Apple was complying with federal regulations in this matter. They *could not* divulge the information you requested without violating the law, and that extends to not being able to direct you to contact the CFPB/Federal Reserve. You managed to find the secret solution in the end, but you would have encountered the same scenario using any payment service, credit card, or bank account. Apple actually did you a favor, both by giving you access to the funds while the account was suspended from transfers and because they were under no obligation to reinstate your account even after the Fed cleared you; a quick Google search will find countless stories of people in the same scenario with PayPal but they *never* get their account or money back.
The *only* scenario where I’d even consider killing a PC whose player was absent would be the case where there was no story-friendly way to sit the character out of the session and the party TPKed. Doing it in narration with no input from the party is just a “fuck you” to that player.
*wheels The RV lost both whole wheels
Wet and sandy. Even if you’re diving in a rock quarry or suited up on a boat, there *will* somehow be sand in your damp wetsuit when you pull it back on.
The road she got partway *off of* to avoid the puddle?
This is a screenshot of a video story (as in OP took a screenshot)
&gt; And I don’t even want to think about truck brakes on the way down. Just downshift. No reason to ride the brakes when most trucks have standard transmission and/or brake retarders.
It was a comment complaining LTT used a promotional still photo where Gavin is blinking. They didn’t realize it was a screen capture by OP of a video.
As far as I can tell you didn’t do anything wrong, it’s just a network error trying to download the first dependency (`idna` I think, but it could also be the one immediately after it). You can probably try again later. Unrelated: I do see you’re running Python 3.5 (makes sense since it’s the default in Debian and therefore Raspbian), support for which is deprecated as of the [latest release of Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/blog/2019/06/05/release-94/#read-more). There’s instructions in the blog post for how to upgrade. You unfortunately can’t just use apt because of the way Debian development works.
TBH I’ve almost done it before, but luckily my car instantly throws up a flashing check engine light if the fuel system pressure is off. It can detect really minor fluctuations (like from a cracked fuel cap gasket), so it turns out it can definitely tell if you haven’t put the gas cap on at all and there’s a pump handle hanging out.
DDR*2*? In 2019?
Google might or might not have LIDAR data, but their interpolation technique and cursor projection is based on image analysis rather than physical measurements. You can tell because it still works the same with old StreetView imagery that definitely didn’t include LIDAR.
What UX issues do you see?
Because if values a and b have a ratio of 1:2 you have `a/b = 1/2` =&gt; `a = 1/2 * b`. 1:2 and 1/2 are both valid ways to write a ratio.
A hourglass figure would be a low (i.e. &lt;1) waist-to-hip ratio, or a high (&gt;1) hip-to-waist ratio.
A low ratio is a ratio less than one, not a ratio close to one.
So the reason for my question, and the reason others are downvoting you (though I haven’t), is that **User eXperience** has a specific definition related to human-computer interaction. The content of the underlying database is not considered a UX factor, though in a colloquial sense bad info can definitely ruin the experience a user has with an application. As an example of the distinction, consider a ridesharing app like Lyft. The app has a fixed UX design; it looks and feels and operates the same whether you open it in New York City or a rural town with 500 residents. In NYC there are hundreds of active drivers any time of day or night, but in that little town there might be one driver who has to come from the opposite end of town, so your satisfaction with the service might be very different between the scenarios. Yet, it wasn’t the *app design* that let you down when you couldn’t get a ride in the middle of nowhere. Lyft couldn’t change anything about the app to make a driver arrive quicker, so it’s not a UX issue even if you as a user have a poor overall experience with your ride. “Get more drivers” isn’t a UX solution, even if it improves customer experience with the service.
Today I learned there’s an “ivy effect” in MtG.
There are even stories of elephants mourning *humans* with whom they had positive interactions.
&gt; UX = wireframes is an outdated definition I agree. I would also agree that the lack of bicycle routing you mentioned is probably a UX issue, considering the map data includes bicycle paths (at least in the US). &gt; and it’s not true that there’s nothing that they can do to improve accuracy. But if that change consists of improving data in the backend, rather than modifying the client application, it would be a very hard sell as a UX issue rather than something for the data team.
Hackintosh I’m guessing?
They’re not designed for this, it’s just a value-add thing. They’re part of a suite of cameras being used for image recognition
A state trooper did this to me when I almost drove up his tailpipe in sudden whiteout conditions. Literally couldn’t even see his taillights or reflective stripes, but luckily he could see my headlights in his mirror. I pulled over ASAP after that. (Before someone says it, I was going only very slightly faster than him and we were both doing &lt;10mph on account of the sudden storm)
Thanks. It's been broken pretty much forever but resetting it this time seems to have finally worked?
It’s asking if you have a choice; if the answer is affirmative you *are* obligated (ie “you must”), if the answer is negative you are not obligated (a state which cannot easily be expressed using “must”, as OP has noticed)
For the record my idiolect (and intuition for sociolect and dialect) only permits the reading of “never must you go” as equivalent to “you must never go” (with an archaic or poetic sentence order).
I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re asking. Could you clarify?
&gt; saying “meet me fifteenth June” is improper English “Fifteen June” and somewhat less commonly “fifteenth June” *would* both be used by the British and by other English speakers outside North America.
The vast majority of the time I suspect they thought they were shooting at a raccoon or an opossum (which you might consider condemnable itself, but I’d say is at least less reprehensible than shooting a cat).
I’m pretty sure Rule 1 refers to in-title text tags, like the literal strings “[USA]” or “[Germany]”, since that’s what /r/Roadcam (and basically every subreddit that requires tagging) uses.
I’m familiar with the concept of a joke. I’m also familiar with the tactic of saying something annoying or rude and then claiming “it’s just a joke bro” and calling people White Knights when you’re called out on it. I was also an insufferable 12yo on the internet once, but I grew up. I’m sorry you apparently haven’t.
That looks like an alot to me.
As of the time I switched, automatic generation of autocompletion by parsing man pages. Gives you at least basic command completion regardless of whether the program includes completion definitions. I think zsh might’ve added that since though. The other part, which is either refreshing or a no-go depending on your use cases, is fish does not mandate POSIX compatibility. This allows more modern syntax decisions with less duplication, with the obvious negative that it can’t directly run sh scripts the way bash/ksh/zsh do. For me personally it was that fish’s default configuration and behavior was pretty close to what I wanted, whereas zsh would have required a great deal of tweaking to get there. tl;dr it’s a hard sell from zsh to fish but both are an upgrade over bash
As a Ghave player, this is roughly equivalent to tapping 1B and just flipping me the bird.
This (and the rats) are exactly why bodegas have cats.
Counter argument: using tabs allows each developer to tailor how big their visual indents are while maintaining a structurally consistent codebase. But really you should use whatever your project uses and not rock the boat unless it’s truly heinous (*mixed indentation* \*shudder\*)
They’re performance cars, but that doesn’t mean they can stop instantly. You can tell the Bentley tries once the BMW comes into view but he has literally half a second to stop.
It’s good they went though, or the cammer would’ve been stopped on the railroad tracks.
It’s a big jump from “no one has been able to make a right on red because of the pedestrians” to “rights on red must be illegal in this city and only in this city”
A stack isn’t actually a card in the visible sense. It’s *only* a layout frame for other cards. You can think of it like six-pack soda rings, which are just clear plastic until you slot things into them; you can attach a label to them, but they don’t really have a built-in place for a label.
I think sometimes people who live in the city forget the state isn't just NYC and Nassau County.
For those that are wondering: Owen and Eefa (/ˈiːfə/).
The most advanced thing in my car is the CD changer. To lock myself out I would have to climb out of the car, reach to the far front of the inside of the driver door to hit the lock button, and then close it.
It’s ending. You can tell from the length of the dashed lines between the far lane and closer one; merge areas have “double rhythm” dashes. Also the sign on the left shoulder at the end makes it explicit.
In the context of this post though, I feel like this is important: you’re allowed to buy things that will make you look and feel good in the shape you are currently in. A new wardrobe won’t suddenly turn you into a magazine cover model, but comfortable and well dressed is still a major improvement over self conscious and disheveled. There’s no benefit to neglecting yourself short-term in the expectation of long-term changes.
Tortoises *are* turtles.
Fun fact, that’s a re-analysis back from “burglar”. Typically the pair develops verb→noun, like “bake”→”baker” (one who bakes), but in this case the preexisting word “burglar” *sounded* like it should mean “one who burgles” and so “burgle” came into being.
No. FaceTime is entirely separate technology from a standard phone call, even in audio-only mode.
Not a significant amount. An app requests a certain level of location accuracy. Location updates are batched by the system, so two or more apps (and system services count as well) set to the same location granularity still trigger that location fetch just once. Each app is awakened to receive the new location, so there is a small overhead with each additional one, but it’s tiny compared to the energy requirements of getting the location in the first place. Also unless you have turned basically everything off in system services the device is polling relatively accurate location already, so the location *Privacy* setting (note how it’s under *Privacy*, not *Battery*) is only relevant to how much info you want the app to have.
The Shadyside location has better food than the Oakland one IMO.
Probably not on a solid white line through an intersection.
A 600lb bike straight down on his head would’ve killed him even with a helmet on. Necks aren’t designed for that.
His point: dae bicycles suck hurr durr
That domain works on any device, too. It’s just set up with no cache time so browsers won’t attempt to load a cached version and will always make the request. If your Windows laptop is struggling to trigger the WiFi portal you can also use it.
And the entire point of this thread is that the *recommended* method suffers from all these issues and might turn people off before they discover a better way. “It works great, but only if you use one of the ‘alternate installs’ buried in the docs because the primary distribution is flawed” is not how you inspire user confidence.
Hass.io supervisor is nice for being a purpose-built and well integrated supervisor that will keep HA up and running and handle upgrades with minimal hassle outside updating your HA config. Addons are nice, plus if you really need to run some other random container you can still do that too. At this point the big advantage is Python compatibility though, since HA is removing support for Python 3.5 very soon and that’s the latest version available on Debian (ergo also Raspbian) without building it yourself. No need to worry with Docker, since the base Python and all the libraries are versioned along with the container version. (I also personally hate venvs, I think it’s clunky compared to the Ruby and Node.js model of project-specific dependencies, but that’s mostly a me thing)
&gt; You’re probably one of those people with 30 IE toolbars, aren’t you? I have never been so insulted in my life. Regardless, fine. Live in your little constructed world where you know no wrongs and everyone else is an idiot. I deal with enough of your type at my job to waste time arguing over my hobby.
Marginal performance. Docker is very lightweight for what it does, and it *isn’t* a VM host, but it’s also not totally unlike them. In practice unless you’re already straining the CPU or memory currently it shouldn’t be an issue. It’s also difficult to swap in newer library versions before HA officially bumps the dependency, so running an experimental zigpy release or similar is very hard. That might or might not actually be relevant to you. The instructions you’d want are here, by the way: https://github.com/home-assistant/hassio-installer/blob/master/README.md
/r/InclusiveOr
It’s gorgeous! I’m mostly intrigued by the coffee section under the floor plan, specifically what coffee maker you’re using to get that kind of control
You'd need a fresh install, though if you copy over your config folder it should be relatively painless.
More or less. This is both an arterial surface road for the northern part of Philadelphia and also US 1 (one of the biggest national highways before the interstate system was built). It can’t easily be made limited access because it serves so many local areas, but there is significant through traffic that shouldn’t be interacting with turning vehicles. It’s basically a hybrid of a major highway service/access/frontage road and the kind used on local city streets (like Queens Blvd in NYC). It’s also terrible because of that. Plus Pennsylvania generally doesn’t have any of this type of infrastructure so drivers are very unused to navigating it.
Except human memory of traumatic events is so profoundly flawed that we *expect* eyewitness testimony to be at least somewhat incorrect. There’s a reason people often don’t remember what happened during an incident, and “they’re lying” is not a safe bet why. Plus, where do you draw the line between being incorrect and lying? If you tell a cop you were going the speed limit through a green light and got T-boned, does the lying clause come into effect if video shows you speeding? Or only if your light wasn’t green? By your metric *no one* is lucid enough to be in control of a vehicle.
Mirrodin was already close *before* the Phyrexians, so I’d say it definitely wins.
Bash and ksh are. Zsh has a compatibility mode you can turn on. Fish definitely doesn’t. Regardless, I was targeting that at the person insisting this is “pretty far from a shell”, because I don’t really know what that’s supposed to mean and I’m taking a stab in the dark. You’ve definitely built a shell.
I never said there was no learning curve, I said that a moderate-advanced user of SmartThings is well-prepared for the switch (in implicit comparison to someone for whom HA is their first foray into home automation). Source: I made the switch ~20 months ago when HA was even less stable and the documentation was even worse.
&gt; Is the “right side” whatever the masses believe? Of course not, but when you can replace “masses” with “vast majority of scientific and medical experts on the issue” and the sentence is still true then it’s a good sign the masses have gotten it right this time.
That’s not what I said. If you’d like to have a conversation I’m more than willing, but I seem to be talking right past you despite my best efforts. Of course there is a learning curve. There was one for SmartThings too. I consider rudimentary YAML editing to be on par with configuring and working in WebCoRE, though with the recent work on integrations and push to have all settings configurable in the GUI even that’s not strictly necessary.
You do in general, but the cyclist had a green and pedestrian was crossing against the light. It’s exactly the same as if the cammer was in a car.
“Very little drama” while the car in front almost had Richard Hammond level drama.
“Becomes even higher” I see what you did there.
30?! I wouldn’t think more than 5
&gt; It’s a little like arguing that corn syrup is natural because it comes from corn —it’’ true, but it’s not the whole story. And I certainly don’t make that sort of argument to people just saying “corn syrup is bad” or “it’s sad that commercial orange juice loses its flavor and has to be rejuvenated”. The issue is people who call those things bad *because* they’re “artificial” or “use chemicals”. Plenty of food additives sound awful and synthetic, like monosodium glutamate, but are perfectly fine and exist in base food products directly. Meanwhile “natural” ingredients are often more horrifying, whether just for being gross (beetles for red food coloring) or for being exceptionally cruel (foie gras). The issue isn’t being concerned about what’s in food, it’s using descriptors like “natural”, “artificial”, “synthetic”, and “chemicals” as though they have any significant bearing on the healthiness or sustainability of the end product.
Especially because it’s mostly reflavored with… oranges. Specifically the oils and volatile compounds in the flesh and skin left over from juicing oranges, which are where most of the flavor is in citrus anyway. Seriously, zest and juice a citrus and see which one tastes stronger. It’s the zest anyway.
Have you ever been to Illinois though? They manage to do a much better job actually providing the services they claim to, even while wasting and embezzling all that money.
&gt; Oh and in case you want to stick with the SHOW THE BADGE!!! The serial number that the E3 registration team sent over to Greg doesn't match the information on his registration document. Implying that it's a fake that was grabbed by security and they haven't done a single bit of actual process on this to check. Literally what you responded to. Did you maybe reply to the wrong comment?
…you’re certainly *also* a criminal, yes. More of one in most jurisdictions unless they have already caused an accident, since phone use while driving is a moving vehicle infraction while what you’re doing is robbery and destruction of property.
I mean the braking part of it is still the same. The handle inside the cabin isn’t holding the car still even on an old fashioned brake.
There are two near-identical intersections near where I live, both turning off the same main road onto cookie cutter residential roads. On one intersection the left turn is before the straight traffic in the order, on the other it’s after. Light cycles aren’t necessarily in a consistent order even within single neighborhoods.
It depends on the level of road and configuration of the lanes. Most GPSs/apps will just say “turn left” or “turn right” when there’s only one possible lane to make the turn from.
**forecast** &gt; (list)(Optional) List of days in the 7-day forecast you would like to receive data on, starting with today as day 0 and ending with day 7. Any condition from monitored_conditions with a daily forecast by Dark Sky will generate a sensor with entity_id `&lt;condition&gt;_&lt;day&gt;d`. **hourly_forecast** &gt; (list)(Optional) List of hours in the 48-hour forecast you would like to receive data on, starting with this hour as hour 0 and ending with hour 48. Any condition from monitored_conditions with an hourly forecast by Dark Sky will generate a sensor with entity_id `&lt;condition&gt;_&lt;hour&gt;h`. So `precip_probability_0d` is for the next ~24hrs (though I think it gets “snapped” to hour increments), and `precip_probability_0h` is the next 1hr. You can also get `precip_probability_1d`… if you request more forecast days. ~~I’ll have to go double check the source code to see which, but the un-categorized `precip_probability` will indeed be a duplicate of one of the above values. The API *always* returns forecasts grouped by day and hour, HA just aliases the zero-index values for convenience.~~ I’m pretty sure that used to be the case, but it’s now provided directly in the current conditions segment of the Dark Sky API response. I have no clue what time period it represents; it doesn’t match any of the zero-index forecasts (minutely, hourly, daily) in the test calls I just made.
&gt; Any sensor without a time value is the current condition. That is generally true, but precipitation probability is inherently a forecast value rather than a current condition, as are several other values.
Unless I’m misunderstanding something from your setup, if you forwarded port 8123 from the router to HA you’ve bypassed the reverse proxy running your SSL. If you’re sure it *is* going through the rev-proxy, make sure that’s encrypting traffic on :8123.
&gt; Wood isn't necessarily better than the other **non-stone** materials Emphasis mine.
Is breaking the law in and of itself a crime? I’d argue no. You can’t be charged with “breaking the law”.
I think the non-symmetry and slightly rough lines actually makes it *better* because it looks like it was actually made with real plants by gardeners on the ground instead of an omnipotent sky mayor.
Weirdly, this is the most illegal thing I’ve seen so far in this thread.
They did say “as cool as they’d ever been”.
You can do it with your head completely immobilized by a neck brace. Neck mobility shouldn’t be a factor at all.
“I am very smart”
Everyone here saying “a pedestrian bridge would be better” as though there isn’t a prime example of one a couple hundred yards away that people so consistently jaywalk under instead of using it that the university finally gave up and installed a crosswalk.
Maybe not the first night, but you will eventually.
It’s very close to the Nahuatl (the indigenous language/languages of central Mexico) word for amaranth. It held cultural and religious significance for the Aztecs, in addition to being a primary food crop, and it’s cultivation was suppressed by the conquistadors.
So accurate that I suspect Gatherer might be part of the training data for that language pair on Google Translate.
Yeah it’s a big parallel corpus, though at the same time it’s a fairly narrow, technical domain.
Most *will* still accept checks, but you have to go to a local branch, stand in line for an hour, and present it in person with ID.
&gt; That password gets changed into its hash on the user’s computer before it’s sent across the internet. This is a terrible idea and not how it works in most cases. The password is transmitted in cleartext *within* (hopefully!) an encrypted connection to the remote. The actual hashing happens on the server using whatever algorithm and salt is used for storing passwords in the database. You don’t want that to be done in the user’s browser or a local application because 1) it could be quite slow in JavaScrip on a five year old mobile device, and 2) that means an attacker can reverse engineer locally how the hash is constructed, including the salting method used.
&gt; Branding it as family friendly should be given much more scrutiny. Show us one instance of the convention or its attendees branding it as a family event.
There is though. If isDay() and isNight() both return true it will cycle every time the check runs. So how is it determined whether it’s currently night or currently day? By comparing the current time to the boundary conditions like I said in my comment.
How are those functions determining their return value? By a time-based comparison. They can indeed both return true if there is a bug in that comparison, which is what I was saying and what this whole thread is about. Abstracting it away in a Boolean-returning function (or unnecessarily *two*) doesn’t change that fact. &gt; Also, they are separated by an “else” clause, so it’s impossible for both to be evaluated at the same time; it’s either one or the other. Any time isNight() is evaluated in the code you’ve suggested, isDay() ***must*** have been just evaluated. You have made a major assumption about the shape of the code, then a further assumption that all code you’ve described runs according to specification, and therefore conclude the symptom in the OP can’t possibly be happening because of assertions you have made in code you have made up.
Apologies for my previous tone. I was out of line and frustrated. I think the main miscommunication here is around “infinite loop”. You seem to be interpreting “infinite loop” literally as a control structure with no escape state, like `while (true): foo()` or `for (i = 0; i &lt; 10; i--) { … }`. I agree there’s probably no loops in the code for this. I’d also argue that rapidly switching into and out of Night Shift forever is very reasonable to describe as an “infinite loop”, even from a software engineering perspective, and that is the interpretation OP and I have been operating under. Two functions calling each other back and forth forms a logical loop, for example, with no control structure involved (though that simplistic case will likely generate a stack overflow and be terminated by the system). The same thing with deferred function calls *would* loop indefinitely however. We can also consider the scenario that it switches back and forth every few seconds to be an “infinite loop”, just a slower one. --- My guess is that, in addition to being on a set schedule, the check is scheduled immediately after the transition. This would guard against the case where the computer is suspended in mid-transition; it finishes the transition but then immediately checks to make sure that state isn’t out of date and can transition back if necessary. However, if the code to determine whether Night Shift should be active or not is bugged in such a way that the outcome is always to toggle, it will go back and forth constantly. For example, if start and end times are stored without date information and assumed to be within 24 hours of now. That’s a valid assumption at lower latitudes, since the sun rises and sets every day, but above the arctic circle the sunrise might be converted to a datetime that is after the sunset datetime but still on the same date. Depending how the check is written that might result in it being both day and night as far as the algorithm is concerned, resulting in it always switching. --- I’ve had to deal with almost exactly this problem when working on my home automation system. The logic to convert bare times to appropriate datetime objects in a reasonable way was more complicated than I expected even at 42°N, and one of my initial attempts actually did create the situation where automated lights would toggle every update interval.
tl;dr he’s such a big, bad deal that surface dwellers, drow, and illithid are willing to team up to banish him from the Material Plane.
I’m willing to bet the kind of person to be offended by that would be perfectly happy to shit on California too.
I’m not taking the stance that Lee wasn’t racist (I couldn’t even hypothetically argue that point), but that particular view is the moderate end of pro-slavery rhetoric from the era. “Benevolent father” vs “righteous conqueror”.
Lee was pretty famously of the opinion that he was a traitor to the US and should be treated as such, so I suspect he was reasonably pleased with that particular application of his land. Especially since it houses the graves of several hundred confederate soldiers as well.
It’s fun when there’s so much hair you temporarily have two cats
Traction control takes the available traction and amplifies it, but if you have shitty summer tires that’s still 0 \* n = 0
For the record this (`🏳️‍⚧️`) is the sequence that will probably become the trans flag emoji once the Emoji 13.0 standard passes, much as the rainbow/pride flag is `🏳️🌈` → 🏳️‍🌈. Apple has not implemented it yet because the standard is still in draft.
$300 is the fine purely for not clearing it. Presumably there are further penalties if the snow actually causes damage or injury (in most US states that latter part is true even if there’s no base fine)
&gt; Well maybe there should be more crosswalks and safer streets in cities The key issue is you’re assuming the US has a European population distribution where the overwhelming majority of people live near their city/town core. We don’t have that. I couldn’t walk to school because my school was three miles away from my home along rural roads. At no point on that route, except about the last 500 yards closest to the school, was the population density high enough to justify a sidewalk. We don’t have school buses because we can’t be assed to install sidewalks on the main streets in the middle of town, we have them because we literally can’t afford to install long sidewalks and random zebra crossings in the middle of nowhere where each school age child is. Hence the “mobile pedestrian crossing” attached to school busses. This *particular* video is an odd situation because it’s so urban, which indicates to me that the bus is likely serving a special school of some kind.
There are no states where buses don’t stop cars.
I think people get so angry not because another country does it differently, but because it’s almost invariably someone complaining about being inconvenienced by a school bus and then calling (or implying that) Americans stupid for having that system.
The same, almost word-for-word. I’m not going to look up fifty nearly identical statutes for you.
Maps completes Sevastopol to “Sevastopol, Ukraine” and other cities in Crimea to (e.g.) “Simferopol, Crimea, Ukraine”
It also appears to *accelerate* after leaving the ground, if you go frame by frame.
Depending on the police force, literally just the driver for whatever traffic infraction they got pulled over for. Increasingly police forces are refusing to do ICE’s job for them, both for practical reasons and political ones handed down from city and state government.
I think that’s the most key part. It wasn’t an administrative decision based on the school code of conduct (which you could argue would still be an overstep), it was a teacher passing judgement on a student’s behavior by sabotaging their studies.
I think it very much depends on the growth pattern of your beard and how naturally sharp the cheekline is. You may need to fake a natural cheekline rather than literally letting it go completely free. For example, I get sparse beard hairs practically up to my eyes, which look ridiculous if I let them exist. I shave those outliers down to the general line the rest of my beard forms.
You know how you get the “wings” of hair down the back of your neck trying to reach your collar? Turns out I get them in the front too.
It’s true that it’s not completely irrelevant where you put a carbon monoxide detector, but “near potential sources” is a far cry from “if they’re not as low as possible you’ll suffocate before they go off”. &gt; It takes time for it to mix and rise, by which point it is diluted and not as quick to be detected. It’s also not as quick to suffocate. Assuming average interior air movement a couple foot change in height isn’t going to make a practical difference.
The traditional test is to light a candle next to the detector, let it get an established burn going, and then put a clear container (bowl, storage box, etc) over them both. As the flame consumes the last of the oxygen it burns incompletely, producing a fairly concentrated burst of CO. Doing it in open air can often give false results, because in many countries detectors are required by law to round down small values (I believe to prevent sensor noise from triggering panicked calls to emergency services)
It’s basically the classic “free as in beer, not as in speech”
Are there any legendary creatures with their epithet first? Of the top of my head I’m pretty sure they’re all “[name]” or “[name], [epithet]”.
A mother from the greater metropolitan area of this local news station (in this case Atlanta). It’s the same idea as “Bay Area lawyer” or “Main Line teacher”, just that Atlanta doesn’t have unique names for parts of its metropolitan area so it’s just “metro“.
I’m guessing the person you responded to means generally “non-binary people can still use he/him or she/her” in response to a comment that could be read as “obviously their name is nonbinate they must be non-binary”, and doesn’t realize nonbinate specifically uses they/them.
Yes. I was responding specifically to your last sentence. That’s why I quoted it.
It is very obviously what they meant and what several hundred people understood it to mean (based on the comment’s vote count).
I am fully aware of how hybrid mana works (and assume as you do that three-way-hybrid would work the same way), and I’m basing nothing of what I’m saying on OP’s example card which was posted as a comment parallel to yours. The original commenter literally could not have been talking about a card because there wasn’t one to talk about when they commented.
And you’re getting that interpretation of the top commenter from …? Literally the only thing they’ve posted in this thread is that comment. The fact other people are misunderstanding hybrid mana does nothing to indicate the top commenter did.
No, it’s a combo pump with two nozzles. You can see them it in the dang photo. The yellow nozzle on the left is diesel (sometimes they’re green, but this one is yellow), and the black one on the right is all three octanes of gasoline.
In the sixties and early seventies, when he had any form of control over the operations, they might well have been making it onsite.
As someone who has been there exactly once I can also confirm a great deal of moss.
Because labor does not exist in a vacuum, regardless of economic system. Who determines the value of the labor varies between capitalism and communism, but both assign value to goods and labor.
[Your own words tell us about all we need to know about you.](https://reddit.com/r/Drama/comments/efm0ei/_/fc1z82v/?context=1)
I can confirm my girlfriend’s Subaru periodically activates automatic braking for no reason. It’s still probably more likely that the driver in this video brake checked, but your thinking isn’t completely impossible.
It doesn’t natively support multiple monitors, but in (borderless) window mode you can absolutely stretch the window over multiple monitors. Most graphics cards also support treating multiple physical monitors as one big monitor, so the OS and applications don’t even know there are multiple screens. Between those two options basically every game can be made to support multiple monitors, though it won’t necessarily be useful.
It just takes one article mentioning multiple interesting things to trigger a bunch of TILs.
“Zionism bad” isn’t an inherently antisemitic view, as long as your issue is with the behavior of the modern state of Israel. Drawing a gross Jewish caricature next to it makes it clear that *your* view is antisemitic.
What about the Office logo/Simon game that went “bing bing bong bing” at you?
Also once drought conditions set in a single rainfall isn’t going to alleviate them. Drought-stricken soil is hard and compacted, causing it to behave more like asphalt or concrete than garden soil; which is to say the water runs along the surface downhill instead of soaking in. That means a major downpour during a drought often causes landslides without significantly wetting the stable ground.
Probably. Sometimes CourseWeb is CourseWeb and needs human intervention.
If OP was trying to enter those professions he probably also wouldn’t have one suit, or he’s so entry level they’re not likely to critique him for it.
I’m glad you got the job, but I’d personally be really turned off by that explanation. It’s one thing to be like “oh happens all the time, we appreciate you putting your best foot forward”, but that feels more like “yes we want interviewees to wear suits because that is Interview Attire™” as though it’s a checkbox on the hiring documents.
I mean some jobs have looking sharp as part of the requirements. Lawyer, banker, television presenter, luxury car salesman, anyone working in a high-end clothing store, that sort of thing. The kind of person interested in and suited to those jobs probably doesn’t own one single Men’s Wearhouse suit they bought for a wedding.
I haven’t drawn that conclusion. I’m saying that someone applying for a position where a crisp suit each day is necessary will already have (personally or from professional experience) more than one poor suit. You don’t apply to any of those public-image positions straight out of school with your degree. You apply to an entry level job where your daily appearance isn’t likely to be under scrutiny. The only exception is perhaps high end clothing sales, but you’re probably also not doing that as your literal first job and your appearance there is as more about demonstrating your personal enthusiasm for fashion.
I mean what kind of hoagie? Other than a traditional Italian hoagie chopped tomatoes are honestly better than sliced on any hoagie that reasonably takes tomatoes.
IF you are applying for a job where you need a college degree THEN you have a college degree already I, too, can invent a series of logical statements that are logically fallacious but nevertheless describe the typical real-world circumstances. EDIT: typo
&gt; If devotion to “red and green” = “devotion to red” + “devotion to green” (and it fucking SHOULD) Why should it?
If I understand your concern correctly, it’s that you’re considering “devotion to red” as the set of red mana pips and “add one to your devotion to red” as adding a new element to the set of red mana pips. In actuality, your “devotion to red” = n({*set of red mana pips*}) , and this card is redefining it to be “devotion to red” = 1 + n({*set of red mana pips*}). Similarly, “devotion to red and to green” = n({*set of red mana pips*} ∪ {*set of green mana pips*}) and this card changes that to “devotion to red and to green” = 1 + n({*set of red mana pips*} ∪ {*set of green mana pips*}). Devotion is derived from the count of mana pips, and then this is operating on that result. It isn’t changing the underlying number of pips.
No, it was a child pornography site run by a Canadian and then taken over and operated for twice that long by the Australian Task Force Argos, a branch of the Queensland Police Service. They received a ton of criticism for that, since they were literally distributing child pornography to keep up the “illusion”. I’d guess it was named after the charity though.
But it does transform the event from “proof the Catholic Church is anti-science” to “that time an ass-backwards Pope leveraged church power in a personal vendetta against a particular scientist”.
There are so awesome, and the PHB ones as well! I’ll definitely be printing these for myself and distributing them to my players. Could you share what typeface you’re using on these? I’d like to add text labels to the PHB version to match
FM ratio is FM radio, but the Bluetooth-FM adapter in my car is significantly different from the 50-100 kW commercial transmitters blasting out my local radio stations. You can absolutely build an NFC terminal that works at more than the standard distance. Heck I used Apple Pay at a store *today* and the payment processed while my phone was almost three feet from the terminal EDIT: “your anecdote doesn’t match my narrative so I’m going to downvote you”
It is not, but what the hell am I supposed to say to defend it? It took both the cashier and I by surprise.
In PA in practice, blue+red is police, red is fire, primarily white with a blue/red/amber accent is EMS, amber+white indicates a maintenance or construction vehicle, and blue-only are “courtesy lights” on a volunteer firefighter or other emergency-adjacent private vehicle. In PA by *law*, emergency lights can be red, white, blue, amber, yellow, white, or clear, with restrictions on who can use what. - Police: any mix of those colors without restriction - Fire: any *single* color from that list - Ambulances: at least one red, white, or clear light; at least two blue, white, or clear lights - Construction: either all white or all amber (though most, even PennDOT, trucks have white *and* amber) - Authorized personal vehicles: *only* blue TL;DR Pennsylvania is a mess when it comes to this
PA has a similar law, but the important distinction that it doesn’t authorize the escort vehicles to look like police vehicles. Usually there’s just the lead vehicle and it’s the hearse itself with an amber strobe. Maybe if the procession has to get on a limited access highway it will also have a training car.
&gt; It’s etiquette/tradition It’s also the law in most states
I raise you the ramp from Fifth Ave to Blvd of the Allies/376W
Fair, I may have overstated it somewhat, but I think you're unfairly downplaying the population distribution which I think I was subconsciously factoring in. Maine, New Hampshire, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Maryland all have general tolls (plus some bridge tolls) on I95. Virginia and Florida have tolled express lanes. That's a little less than half the total distance of I95, but covers the vast majority of the population it services.
[This](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.4363976,-79.9663654,3a,75y,221h,59.83t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sLUuxnHhuwuY4lFedFehVxQ!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) is the ramp I'm talking about. There is essentially zero merge distance and the massive elevation difference between the ramp and the roadway it enters means you can't even see what kind of traffic you're merging into until the very last second. (Keep in mind the Street View car has the cameras mounted on a pole coming out of the roof, so this is a significantly better view over the edge than a driver has)
No. No they were not. Which is why stopping for pedestrians was so shocking.
But it has a temp registration, which means it’s new to them.
I’ve dealt with destroyed hollow-core doors before, I’ve just never seen one where one entire face is gone and there’s a hole through the other one.
In at least one state (FL) it has the specific legal definition of being free of tolls. Regardless, “freeway” carries that implication in general usage on much of the east coast and parts of the Midwest. The legal and traffic engineering definition has little bearing on what the word means to most speakers. Legally a “highway” is any public roadway, but most North Americans would object strongly to calling a residential or commercial street a “highway”, and likely any English speaker would reject that as a term for an unpaved dirt track. Rotaries, roundabouts, and traffic circles may be distinct types of intersections according to law, but in general American English they are regional synonyms for that general type of intersection.
&gt; shaking babies I’d normally appreciate the joke, [but it might not be the best one to make in an anecdote about Patrick Stewart](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2009/nov/27/patrick-stewart-domestic-violence).
&gt; we would say “Oh my god, there are two Tom Clancies!” Or “Tom Clancys”, depending on the style guide governing your writing. The argument against applying the nonstandard plural to proper nouns is that it gets ridiculous with some names, e.g. “Julia Child” → “Julia Children”, and you don’t generally want to have different rules for different specific names.
Network information *is* stored on the stick on the HUSBZB-1. I can move it from my Pi to my Windows PC and directly send Z-wave commands over the network.
&gt; plural which is apostrophe before the s. No. There is no apostrophe in an English plural. It’s in the possession marker *’s*, which can (optionally) be written just as *’* when directly following an *s*.
The difference between hitting an airbag and hitting the ground is several orders of magnitude.
That’s how all attribution works unless the end result is also free. If I want to know who is thanked in a high school science textbook or on a Hollywood movie I have to go pay to acquire/view that thing first (or find it at a library). That’s not unreasonable considering I probably only care if I’m reading/watching that thing anyway.
To be honest I wasn’t expecting to like it when I clicked the first video either, I just wanted the soothing sounds of What Could Possibly Go Wrong™ in the background while I worked from home. I’ve since binged all of the series because it’s excellent.
&gt; WHEN you die, you restart In co-op, you all go back to the most recent checkpoint (whereas normally you just wait to respawn on your teammates). In solo you go all the way back to the beginning of the level.
I wouldn’t call that “vaguely”. If you cut out the middle two thirds and just compare those you’d be forgiven for thinking it’s two differently styled drawings of the same ship.
Blue hat - \*gets punched in face by monster\* no guys don’t hurt him, he’s teaching me spells \*takes big breath of Marlboro gas\* really it’s fine \*dives in front of Tonberry knife\*
&gt; an empty que An empty what?
I don’t have words to express how painfully unfunny this was to read.
Not that it isn’t fitting for this idiot, but I’ve had my driver window stop working on a handful of occasions in the almost ten years I’ve had the car. *Every*. *Single*. *Time*. it happened in a drive-through or trying to exit a parking garage.
I want the best cops that can be hired from within the city or convinced to move here. If that means raises like those described in the OP, so be it. Hiring non-resident law enforcement is anathema to responsible policing.
&gt; The “it’s gonna get worse as an adult” Exactly as you say, the stakes are technically higher as we become adults, but our resources to cope also improve (barring a surprising injury or mental illness). I remember feeling as though I might as well give up and die because my first girlfriend dumped me after a whopping 2 weeks of flirting and 3 weeks “together”; if my current SO left me tomorrow I’d be comparatively unperturbed even while negotiating the real-world issue of one of us moving out after 4.5 years together.
It’s hard to read without being in a code block, but that should work fine. I guess the question is whether what you want is actually a title, which sets the tooltip your browser displays when you hover over something (like the extra message on an xkcd comic). If you want the entity name or state visible at all times you’ll need to add a separate `label` or `state-label` element next to the icon.
Citrix probably got the minimal install of Office 2010 instead of the default set of components. Usually “additional fonts” was one of the optional components.
You need a second entry of type `label` or `state-label`, and then you can manually position it next to the existing icon. There is no built in way to display both an icon and label in one element under a `picture-elements` card.
Manual input will override the computer in essentially every scenario on any vehicle. If the human has determined they want to drive into a wall the vehicle should let them; maybe the alternative is getting T-boned by a huge truck.
I assumed it was the one where the woman is being terrorized in her house by tiny aliens with laser guns which are finally revealed to be American astronauts.
I’m not saying diving in front of a train is an okay thing to do, and I feel particular sympathy for the engineers, but there are always at least two victims of a suicide. Even if it’s just the unlucky person who discovers your corpse.
I’ve found the Rose Tea Café in Squirrel Hill to be superior in every way, including on bubble tea.
Ignoring your main point, what side of the road do Americans drive on?
Well, is everyone in this video driving on the wrong side of the road, or is it perhaps not a minor traffic violation from the US?
But they didn’t create a planeswalker any more than any established walker‘s parents “created a planeswalker”. They created a human, and then that human won the cosmic lottery to be born with a spark.
&gt; And now their discontent is more easily labeled FTFY, because the issues now attributed to CR have always existed in the tabletop RPG community. Seriously, read forums from 8-10 years ago. The complaints were the same as they are now, they were just spread out over “this storytelling isn’t as good as RA Salvatore’s/Tracy Hickman’s/Margaret Weis’/Brandon Sanderson’s/Terry Pratchett’s” because there wasn’t a single primary entry point. The memes were about every player trying to be Gandalf or Drizzt or Cadderly or Raistlin instead of Scanlan or Grogg or Jester. The only thing that has changed is that there’s a dominant accessible property that gets people into D&amp;D, and that it’s conveniently distributed via the internet instead of constantly out on loan from the fantasy section of the library.
Usually those actually *skip* it though, rather than still having the lights change for a split second.
I deal with gates like this fairly regularly. Four seconds like this is the norm for vehicle-only gates when there’s no detected traffic through it.
People are taking issue with calling it “aggressively tailgating” because it’s fairly run-of-the-mill tailgating. Tailgating to be sure (which is of course aggressive by nature), but when you get people inches from your bumper on a semi-regular basis it’s hard to call this an aggressive example.
It’s not relevant in any way to the crash, but people in this sub will take any opportunity to criticize the cammer’s driving. (The OP is definitely tailgating the grey car they’re behind toward the end, though not egregiously)
I don’t know about California, but in New England there are many small towns and settlements on the coast where essentially every home built before a certain year is named. They technically have street addresses now, but you can (and people often do) address things like “The Rook, Stonington, CT 06378”
Depending on the state, first responders may be allowed to declare death in cases with “injuries incompatible with life” (decapitation, crushing, bisection, etc) even if they are not normally authorized.
Well the post actually links to a particular comment that’s honestly extremely well written and contains good advice. Despite the title this is really how the commenter’s response is /r/BestOf, not the /r/AmITheAsshole OP.
I mean I have no idea if that’s a lot of points or not. It would be halfway to a license suspension in my state, but for all I know China operates on a 50 point scale.
Conveniently for you, three of those states border Pennsylvania.
Except one signal in Syracuse, NY which is intentionally hung upside down to avoid being continuously vandalized.
We can’t see it here, but it wouldn’t surprise me that the cop intentionally took the hit, especially if that hill continues on the other side of the intersection
Or like he’s reading from an old script and wasn’t fully prepared to ad lib the end.
1. The Pittsburgh water system as a whole doesn’t have an appreciable quantity of lead in it. Your particular home’s service line or plumbing might be lead and could then possibly be leaching into your drinking water, but you’d have to get it tested to know. 2. Brita Longlast filters (the blue/teal ones) *do* filter lead, and fit in any standard Brita container (you can also get most Brita models online with a Longlast instead of the standard filter).
It makes sense, because the alternative to doubling down in that case is to admit to yourself that you're losing your mind. That's a hard pill to swallow and you're really not going to want to face that in a public place. We went through the same thing with my grandmother, and a lot of times if you just sat with her quietly for a while she'd eventually apologize for her earlier behavior. It was heartbreaking.
&gt; Lack of support of newest functionality. By what metric? “Things that are in Chrome already?”
This kills the lion But it’s okay because he’ll be back in a couple days
As someone who has played quite a few different RPG systems, I really can’t see this stance as anything but nostalgia run amok. What has WotC ruined about it?
In most states if the bus was stopped at that cross street it would establish control of both the roadway it’s in and the crossing one (but it looks to be stopped some distance before it). Also in most states driving through a parking lot to avoid a traffic control device is illegal. Unfortunately it appears neither of those laws apply in Georgia.
Rotary
They’re also being tested in the UK if I remember correctly. There’s speedbumps approaching the intersection to deter cars from just flying through, but other than that they’re completely uncontrolled patches of road.
Honestly pacifism is the one trait I wish that didn’t work on, because there’s absolutely real people who would die and let others die rather than lift a finger in violence. There’s no one with that much strength in conviction against putting away laundry or moving a single potato out of a security door so it can properly close.
That’s not what they were suggesting, but also people would *correctly* think it was a serpent and a sea. Each word in a type line is a (super/sub)type. That’s why “Urza’s” is a land type, because the original tron lands were given their names as their subtypes during the big type cleanup for Eighth Edition. Later Urza’s Factory was printed with just “Land — Urza’s”.
The same journal still exists as the *Journal of African American History*, and was founded by African-American historian Carter G. Woodson in 1916. “Negro” was the accepted term for Americans of African descent until right around the time this article was published.
I’ve lived in a house with five other guys. There could have been a rotting *elephant* in our basement without changing the smell significantly. It was my favorite bedroom I’ve ever had, and rent+utilities was &lt;$400/month, but outside my bedroom door it was hell.
I mean this happens to me too. When VS Code changed its icon about six months ago it took me about three days to be able to consistently find it in my Dock.
To be fair, several months of uptime on a Unix-like system is fairly standard. Nine is still a lot, but my MacBook regularly hits three.
My muscle memory is so strong that if I accidentally put my laptop in the sleeve backwards I *will* try to open the wrong side when I take it back out.
It probably would have saved the uphill drivers, but the one headed downhill was barreling into that hill at unsafe speed for any condition
I think you meant “decks that aren’t for legacy and aren’t for commander”, but your sentence was a little ambiguous and people are going to try to crucify you for it.
If you’re using it right you shouldn’t need to do anything (except *maybe* acknowledge a confirmation notification or vaguely wave the phone at the lock). The point of home automation should be for all your stuff to be *automatic*, not just electronic. I say that because there definitely are smart locks that are more difficult to use day-to-day than a normal key, but it’s not an inherent issue of smart locks in general.
It is a MasterCard debit card
They seem to be trying to make themselves look as bad as possible lately, so maybe it’s intentional
Since I see one person has already done it I guess it needs to be said: don’t go over there and complain on the GitHub issue, *especially* if you’re only even aware of the issue because you read this post.
I think for RT overall we’ve just hit the point where a certain wave of hires are either a) exactly where they want to be and will stay until they or the company die, or b) are ready for more responsibility/something different but the low turnover rate means they have to go outside for those opportunities. That effect isn’t uncommon in any industry; people tend to get hired in waves, and those people tend to leave more or less together too.
And had you clarified when promoted, instead of immediately jumping to calling them “obtuse”, the whole argument could have been avoided. In fact I have not once seen someone in Reddit use that insult and be in the right. It’s basically code for “fuck you I think I’m right and so I’m just going to repeat the same thing over and over instead of listening to a word you say”
How’s the weather in Carmel, Indiana?
People who conduct traffic safety studies
That’s not the air filter they’re worried about. Sucking dust into your AC system is unpleasant and difficult to clean up; sucking it into your engine (or letting it choke the filter) kills the car.
I think in that environment you’d have to characterize the band part as a cover for some other role, rather than their primary identity. They could be assassins using it as cover, or leverage their minor fame to get audiences with local leaders in order to enthrall them. There are definitely ways to make a band into serious villains as long as they’re not evil *because* they’re in the band. That said, your players might balk at a “metal band”, depending on the rest of your setting. Metal as a genre is pretty dependent on the existence of electronic amplifiers and effects boxes. Regardless of whether this band has that equipment or not, the existence of the genre pretty heavily implies that it exists *somewhere*; will your players believe metal exists in your campaign?
Maybe the cat’s name is Duck
Because both lanes of traffic stopped for her? She even pauses to make sure the oncoming car isn’t going to drive/slide through the crossing.
It matches one of the prominent types of PTSD behavior in humans; I don’t know whether that translates to PTSD in cats
If you are using Hass.io you *are* running Docker, because Hass.io is a Docker container image; HassOS just abstracts that away. You can think of HassOS as analogous to starting up a preconfigured VM image instead of creating a blank VM and manually installing the OS and applications.
&gt; Weird how you want to hold them liable for all of it. When did I say that?
Sure, in the same sense that there's no such thing as a pulling force and cold is really just the absence of heat.
&gt; forcing air/ atmospheric pressure in to the system by lowering its internal pressure That *is* "sucking". Otherwise it would be a meaningless word. In the same context it is impossible to "pull" something; a truck "pulling" a trailer is actually pushing on the rear of the hitch mechanism.
What you are saying is technically true. It’s also not particularly relevant. Do you do this every time someone says the word “sucking”?
Getting forced to do someone’s taxes is pretty scary though.
It’s from *The Good Place*. They establish time is non-linear, but rather a big squiggly loop that looks like the signature of someone named Jeremy Bearimy.
I use macOS every day, and honestly other than the breadcrumbs in the file manager this would have completely fooled me enough not to take a second glance. Once you’re clued in there’s definitely noticeable differences in the details (system font, a few bits of sizing/spacing in the window borders), but if you used this screenshot *in something*, like a stock photo or on a prop monitor in a video, you could definitely pass it off as macOS.
It was nice of the CIA spooks to press enter for you.
They’re contrasting your own post with this post you’re calling “low effort”. I’m inclined to agree with their criticism. Don’t get me wrong, I like the minimalist aesthetic of yours, but it’s two borderless windows on a flat beige background and likely took less than two minutes to execute.
The weird thing is I thought the fonts were wrong but on close inspection I’m pretty sure that *is* San Francisco. I think the wrongness is that Plasma is faking different font weights by altering the stroke width of a light variant, instead of actual using the premade variant.
Power. The Pi can power a USB-attached SSD directly. Powering a spinning drive is iffy at best, and usually requires a separate power supply. When I specced mine it was actually cheaper to get an SSD than an equal-capacity hard drive and a powered enclosure.
It’s fairly uncommon to see people with the breadcrumb bar turned on, since navigation upward is available by right clicking the folder in the title bar, so I’d honestly forgotten it existed at all.
There’s not one and it’s a bad idea. If your Windows install ever breaks (which with Microsoft’s update policy is pretty likely) or you want to reinstall it you’ll need access to a working macOS machine. Removing macOS completely is essentially guaranteeing you’ll have a terrible time in the future.
If Emily is actually that type of person, the *Charger* isn’t going to earn you any points anyway.
It’s from one of his books.
Then he’s a great person to talk to. His department appointment is irrelevant. That’s generally true for any researcher, but the nature of computer science means the applied research is rarely done by someone in pure CS.
It’s very common for most of something to be above average, when you assume “average” is referring to “mean”. For example, take the typical distribution of exam grades (at least in the North American system of 0-100). The majority of the class is expected to pass, which corresponds to grades in the 70-100 range, but there are often a few low grades as outliers (people sleeping through the exam, never came to class and tried to BS through it, etc). If you take the overall average including those outliers you’ll very easily get an average below the median score. You can try it yourself: what is the average of 98, 92, 85, 84, 84, 80, 78, 74, 71, 63, 57, 23, and 0?
Yeah, the only particularly different thing is that there’s a much weaker distinction between the governmental entity and the personal entity. It’s a similar thing to how the prime minister can form or dissolve “a government”; to American ears that sounds like a coup because we don’t really talk about Congress starting and stopping (even though officially it does, we’re on the 116th United States Congress).
I mean I agree in general, but OP works for a software vendor and the thing that broke his software was a kernel update initiated by the client. The idiot was a sysadmin.
And yet it’s basically the standard way to install things outside of a package manager. The people who don’t already know it’s a security hazard are the same people who wouldn’t be able to inspect the script themselves anyway; everyone else either cares enough to curl/wget to file and check it before running it, or is intentionally cavalier in piping curl to bash.
I think renaming things for clarity is a deeply necessary move, but I’m not convinced this particular implementation is a step forward. Explaining the Home Assistant/Hass.io/HassOS distinction probably makes up half of my comments in this subreddit, so I wholeheartedly think a reorganization is necessary to the continued success of the project(s). However, this particular change basically eradicates the middle layer of that distinction, which was already hard to discuss clearly with newcomers. Personally I would move to make the components of the ecosystem distinct and explicit, rather than just shuffling the Home Assistant name around. Something like this, which is essentially treating the current “Hass.io” umbrella as the root namespace and making the base Python application and the prebuilt OS appliances separate products: - **Home Assistant Core** – the containerized distribution of the Python application (i.e. https://hub.docker.com/r/homeassistant/home-assistant). I realize this isn’t really the software development meaning of “core”, but from a branding standpoint this is the core component of the ecosystem - **Home Assistant Supervisor** – the same Hass.io supervisor container we’ve had all along, just without the overloaded “Hass.io” naming - **Home Assistant Add-ons** – collectively, all of the HA-configured Docker container “extras“. Again not a significant change, just breaking them out from the Hass.io confusion - **Home Assistant OS/HassOS/Home Assistant Hub/etc** – the prepackaged appliance image, which can be touted as the zero-configuration deployment option for people looking for a one-to-one replacement for their SmartThings/Wink/Hue/Echo hub. - **home-assistant-python**, or another suitably repo-esque and unsexy name – the base Python application. It both differentiates it and gently discourages it as the “vanilla” experience. Note I’m not suggesting to sideline the use-case, just to avoid advertising it as its own product. You can think of it like the distinction between Gnome (the full DE) and the gnome-shell or gtk packages. Under this model, the OS image would be advertised as the primary entry point for new users, with the Home Assistant Supervisor container advertised as the first-class alternative for running Home Assistant on an existing machine. A manual Docker setup without the supervisor, and installing the base Python package in a virtual environment, would be supported and documented as power-user or situational configurations.
I’m honestly not sure whether that was a euphemism or not, because the popular gif+sound subs include as many things like /r/CatsWhoYell as they do porn.
That’s obviously not the criteria in use, because 1Password [is audited too](https://support.1password.com/security-assessments/).
You pick a fight with this dude every chance you get, and while he doesn’t seem to be a great person (understatement) his comments are pretty benign until you get him riled up (this example aside). Just report the odd homophobic comment and be on your way.
Citation of what? I literally only notice him in comments when you’re also there. The rest of the time it’s either a reasonable upvoted thing engendering absolutely no conflict, or something homophobic/transphobic that has been appropriately downvoted to oblivion. Just scroll through his comment history for examples. I’m not defending him, I’m just pointing out that your engagement with him is what keeps him remotely relevant here.
It would help the sense of depth and realism if the river was narrower where it passes the cliffs on the southern side. Right now it looks like the river makes an unnatural bend that happens to line up with the cliff edge, rather than going behind the cliff. I’d also extend the start of the cliffs on the north side to very near the water, because in reality you’re unlikely to have a very steep bank on one side and a completely gentle one on the other
Well, worse than if the crash had killed her. It wouldn’t have been murder anyway, but “causing death by dangerous driving” or possibly manslaughter. Murder requires intent, not negligence.
We thought the world was round, but it’s actually … a hypersphere?
/r/OddlySpecific
UTC
It’s mostly confirmation bias, in that you remember all the times you miss on 95% and die to 20%, and also that the game stores its RNG seed in the save file so if you reload and make the same exact shot you’ll get the same result every time. I can’t speak to XCOM 2, but in the original Firaxis XCOM the displayed to-hit percentages for your squad are actually *too low*; lower difficulties apply a 1.2x or 1.1x multiplier behind the scenes, and on all but the highest difficulty you get an extra 10–15 percentage point boost per previous sequential miss. On regular difficulty that means that the third time in a row you attempt a 50% shot your actual chance to hit is `50 * 1.1 + 10 * 2 = 75`. There’s also a multiplier for when you’re down to &lt;4 soldiers, so you stand a better chance of not being squad wiped.
Most of the country has HOV lanes that look very different to this, and still have a shoulder to the left of them. To me this 100% looks like a shoulder even when I *know* it’s a HOV lane by the diamonds.
That sounds right.
&gt; Their fast start criteria is 9mph a second or more See I’d violate that restriction every day, because otherwise I’d be merging onto the highway at 30mph. Some amount of harder braking and starting is inherent to denser areas, while these programs always seem to be designed based on a conservative interpretation of national averages.
I sure do. Given equal starting speed, you have to accelerate faster on a shorter on-ramp in order to reach highway speed by the end of it.
&gt; and the road you were originally on was 30mph, Sure. Those are specifically not the kind of ramp I’m talking about, because they’re much less likely to exist the more urban you get. That’s what the restriction is based on, and I’m pointing out that the reality doesn’t support it.
I think I made it several seasons before I realized this wasn’t just a stylistic decision. The giveaway was the big Krycek episode where he speaks Russian the whole time.
Tear gas is a very weak chemical weapon, but it is absolutely 1. A weapon 2. Injures by means of chemical release
Maybe, but then also he’d likely end up nailed to a tree by the authorities.
Yes probably. And it could have been so easily avoided if cops didn’t kill unarmed black people so often.
Huh didn’t know you could specifically summon it. That’s handy.
To be fair, basically all of the novel electronics are in that screen and the vitals monitor on the back. It doesn’t surprise me that the screen accounts for most of the cost of the device.
&gt; Doesn't that sound a bit radical to you? It sounds poetic to me. I don’t necessarily agree with the article, but it’s only about as radical as any number of works from post-WWII Japan
The FSD made it into witch space without the rest of the ship attached.
And that was handled a few blocks away from this and was over before this ever started. Unless you’re suggesting any crime anywhere in the city justifies use of force against protestors elsewhere.
They were originally with the protest, but how far away do they have to go to stop counting?
With a state police helicopter overhead? That’s basically infinite distance for someone on foot.
That is being done. The organizers of this protest shouted it constantly before and during their marching. People attempting to incite violence were told they weren’t welcome and to leave. And some of them did, and started their shit elsewhere, entirely out of the zone of control of the protesters. Yet somehow that translates into it being okay to use force on the remaining body of the protest. Even if they had been specifically sent several streets away to cause property damage, that *still* doesn’t justify using force on the largely calm assembly that remained.
I agree, especially because other types of bindings (manacles, etc) are fairly commonly described as being worn.
&gt; a barbarian bard In the biz we call this a bardbarian
Scroll to top is built in; scroll back to original position is a custom implementation
Is the name and (professional) contact info of a public servant really doxxing? This is information that would be available to a FOIA request (see [the results](https://www.chicagoreporter.com/how-the-chicago-police-department-fought-and-ultimately-lost-its-foia-battle-to-keep-cop-names-from-the-public/) of Chicago police refusing to produce such info).
Then what level of notoriety is necessary to qualify as shareable public knowledge? Must they be elected officials? Can I give the name and contact info of the chief of police? If your answer is “we’ll get shit on by Reddit admins” that’s not invalid, but have the guts to say it. Right now you’re suggesting members of the subreddit can’t share publicly available information because they might get something wrong.
Sure. They can’t make you disperse from your home, and if they want to come search it they need a warrant first.
To continue quoting the Pennsylvania ACLU: &gt; If you hear an officer give an order to disperse, you will be **arrested** if you do not obey. Preemptive use of tear gas is not an arrest.
Or even worse: doing that and getting the no-explanation “wontfix”
If you dig you’ll likely find it only *technically* requires replacing the axel pair together, not fully all four (though it’s recommended because it messes up rotations later otherwise).
Well most of it was when Apple (Computer) launched iTunes, because the record company viewed that as “selling music” and what they did as “selling music”.
&gt; The customer is not always right That also doesn’t even mean what people think it means. It’s an economics observation, saying businesses must cater to the wants and needs the Customer (as in the theoretical idea of a customer) actually has. If people want blue cars, make more blue cars; don’t stubbornly make red cars and try to convince people to buy them.
I don’t know if this is the best option for this specific spot in this specific circumstance, but your idea does have an interesting artistic vision and I generally quite like the concept.
And that’s okay. We don’t *need* hundreds of thousands of soldiers. Our military superiority isn’t derived from an abundance of warm bodies, it’s from our bonkers spending and R&amp;D. We’re Toss, not Zerg.
Are you claiming it’s “editorialized” on the basis that she was trying to get arrested? Does that change the factual content of the title that she did this and then got arrested? It’s pretty obvious she was recreating a famous image from American history of government violence against protestors, to make a point. EDIT: damn you people need to read a history book, or if that’s too much just like watch the opening montage to the *Watchmen* movie
It’s an important long term question, but not particularly relevant to the short term “bribe the teachers union with a bigger budget to win them over” concept.
&gt; Wear body cams at all times and if they are turned off by the officer during their shifts they could be fired. They *must* be fired. If an incident happens that requires pulling body cam footage and yours was turned off, immediate termination. Anything less than zero-tolerance enforcement is ultimately toothless.
Plus double-pressing them won’t accidentally hang up on the caller.
Right that’s what I was saying. No danger of hanging up (or as you correctly point out technically sending them to voicemail early) if you use the volume buttons.
Lol I mean it’s not *not rude*, just justifiable
It’s poorly decorated with dated, uninspired furniture and that particular awful shade of beige everything was in the early 90s. I don’t think any of that is an architectural flaw though. With some well-thought-out paint updates and better furniture it could be lovely.
1200 kWh sounded very high until I got to the electric car. In my case in the hottest period of the year we top out at ~360-400 kWh per month (its a medium-sized apartment but 70+ years old with big windows). I would have to run my AC literally continuously all month to hit your usage.
Correction: East Pittsburgh, which is a different municipality that doesn’t even border the city of Pittsburgh.
We do not, though we definitely get the concept.
It is possible for this to be gross and dated and also for uneven wood and filament bulbs to be bad. I wasn’t suggesting redoing it like a 2010s gastropub, just making it look less like a set from *Star Trek: The Next Generation* that was filmed in a Hollywood mall.
I would not particularly fault BLM protestors for burning a police car, but I cannot extend that understanding and sympathetic fury to a white suburban kid taking advantage of a protest to burn a cop car for the lulz with the likely secondary intent of discrediting the protestors.
With the addition of tritium as a mineable resource (for carrier fuel) the procedurally generated mining hotspots have all changed, since the algorithm is placing a different number of minerals. That means the hotspots have all moved around, and Borann will no longer have a triple-LTD hotspot. Nothing has been specifically nerfed, at least based on evidence in the beta, it has just all been shuffled around the galaxy. There will almost certainly be new triple-LTD hotspots but we have to find them again.
Adding tritium causes the hotspots to all shuffle. It’s using the same algorithm but has more things to place. Think like dealing cards: ED can procedurally generate the galaxy across servers and clients by always starting with the same order of deck and dealing in a set pattern. If you change the deck, like by adding a fifth suit, all the deals will change even if you don’t change how you deal them. As far as people could tell in the beta the algorithm hasn’t changed, there’s just an updated deck. So there *should* be new triple-LTD hotspots, but the existing ones are gone.
If someone is upset because their grandparent died you don’t say “um actually everyone dies”. If your neighbor asks you to call 911 because their house is on fire, you wouldn’t refuse because “all houses are important”. If you stagger into the ER gushing blood, the doctors don’t tell you “all injuries matter” and prioritize Timmy’s sprained wrist while you bleed to death. If someone you’ve started dating asks “do you love me”, responding “I love everyone” is unreasonable and cruel even if it’s true. All lives mattering is not factually incorrect, but in that specific context it clearly means “I think your specific concern is made up”.
More or less tragic? No. But also it would almost certainly not happen to a white or Asian person. The cops probably wouldn’t have been called in the first place, they wouldn’t have dragged the person outside, and they certainly wouldn’t have looked directly into the camera while suffocating them to death. Police brutality is terrible in all of its forms, but in the US it disproportionately targets black people.
&gt; It’s against the law. What was? Possessing a water bottle?
There’s usually only marginal differences in security between a smart lock and the dumb lock it’s based on. The flaw is rarely the smart aspect. If there’s a window next to (or *in*) the door, no one’s going to defeat the lock anyway. They’re going to knock out that window and turn the knob on the inside of the door.
Columbus was at odds with everyone because he insisted going west would be a faster way to India, but we’ve had accurate measurements of the circumference of the Earth since ~200 BC that he was specifically rejecting to make that claim. It wasn’t that he thought the world was round when everyone thought it was flat, it’s that he thought (despite thousands of years of scientific evidence) that it was much smaller than it is. People were saying it couldn’t be done because sailing the wrong way to India *couldn’t* be done in practical terms; he and his crew were lucky the New World was there to save them from starving to death on the open ocean.
Generally cops don’t live in preppy suburbs (except the token local force who are required to live in the municipality). The white elite don’t want them there because they tend to make trouble. You might get a city detective on occasion, but uniformed officers as neighbors are a known liability.
There was a bug around that time, but AFAIK no official change. My originally-0.87 install required a network key set in `configuration.yaml` and is still working fine since.
&gt; The Dark Wheel codex entry also doesn’t say that the gas giant has only 8 moons. It says that it is rumored to be around the 8th. I think you misread the criteria OP was using, because they explicitly say “at least 8 moons” at least once.
That was the old-old bridge. This is the replacement and *its* replacement.
I just use an RNG on my laptop if there’s more than ~5 enemies but not enough identical ones to constitute a swarm. Ditto with their HP. It’s usually still faster than my players’ rolls.
Great now when I panic clench I’ll crouch, aim down, shoot wildly at nothing, and also set my AC ten degrees colder.
I think they just missed the quotes around that sentence. That’s the response they got.
You can argue it to a judge, but unless it’s something ridiculous (e.g. it’s hard to justify 5mph being too fast for *any* conditions) they’ll probably stick to the cop’s judgement because the cop was there and the judge wasn’t.
They’re mad about the coronavirus lockdown and think it was Big Brother Wolf impinging on their civil rights.
The thing is Columbus did very little except to get extremely lucky to run into the New World instead of dying on thousands more miles of open ocean. I’d argue he doesn’t really merit a statue in the first place, much less when you take his other behaviors and the institutions he spawned into account.
Heck, it’s what triggered our own damn revolution to happen instead of just being talked about. Seriously, read a timeline of the 1770s if you don’t believe me. Things didn’t just start in July 1776.
He did, because calling it “The Bean” was originally meant as an insult to the work, but he has since come around because people adore it by that name.
Built in the 50s, so definitely an accessibility nightmare.
I may be about to ruin your bank account, but some of those high-end keyboard companies will sell you literally any keyboard layout you could dream up, and/or a kit to make your own.
Touch ID would be out, but the rest of the Touch Bar absolutely could operate as a remote interface. I can mirror 4K HDR over my WiFi and even play casual games on that; you can absolutely drive a 2170x60 display over a dedicated connection with zero perceivable latency.
God what an antagonistic twatwaffle you are. Ninja edit: and I do understand what gravity is, enough to reference the special case where one of the two objects is many orders of magnitude more massive than the other.
Because of how TouchID is designed. The fingerprint reader is isolated to just the T2 chip, so the system has to go through the T2 and you’d have to directly connect to the logic board traces to MitM it (to spoof a valid fingerprint, etc). That’s why the T2 is in the TouchBar; Apple could have just stuck the fingerprint reader hardware on the laptop and had it talk directly to the motherboard, but that wouldn’t be TouchID then. Communicating that data wirelessly from the reader to the T2 would be even less secure.
The new one was the New Tappan Zee Bridge before Cuomo snuck his dad’s name onto it.
It’s a dog, not a cat.
The responses are so different, and the level of trust as well, because precisely because there’s so many people. I mean if you make it out the door of that theatre you’ve gotten away with the theft. No one’s going to track you down in Midtown at that time. Plus you might literally never be back in the city, much less that particular theatre, so it doesn’t matter if that cashier could recognize you. If you drive off without paying in your presumably smallish town in Connecticut literally everyone in town will have heard about Mary Smith robbing the garden center by the time dinner rolls around. If you’re from out of town they’ll at least all know about the lady in the blue CRV who looks like Mrs. Caroll who taught English at the high school in the 70s and who has a strong interest in blue hydrangeas.
StackOverflow has a similar problem.
Of all the super valid issues with policing, preventing people from running into an accident scene like this is not one of them. Even if you’re in the strict “abolish police” camp, this is one of the things we need still need people doing. Probably not armed, probably without arrest powers, but traffic enforcement and safety is strictly necessary to having road vehicles.
They didn’t stop traffic for the one car. They stopped traffic because of the incident ahead, and then while holding traffic stopped took the opportunity to walk back and presumably cite the black car for tailgating them while they were performing the maneuver.
It’s amazing in comparison. I would hope you could recognize that if Philly (and also NYC and Chicago and others) are all struggling while being the best transit systems in the country then the primary shortfall isn’t mismanagement by the cities, but a cultural and financial resistance on a national level.
In those words -ey or -ay is representing a vowel sound, /-eɪ/.
For an indoor cat: Yes. Absolutely. Otherwise they get stuck on fabric and things. Needs doing about once a month, maybe six weeks. For an outdoor cat: it usually takes care of itself, but you might have to fix one on occasion
Is shaming people for victim blaming disrespectful? Just asking in case it comes up in this comment section later.
Fair enough
&gt; In general, it’s thought that 30 - 45% of deaths have been in nursing homes around the country, but PA has been more like 67% of deaths across the state occurred in nursing homes. Though it’s important to keep in mind that successes in the general population will also skew the distribution toward nursing homes, potentially more than the actual handling of the nursing homes.
They’ve gotten rather deep into related language rules and lost the point, but the primary reason not to say “the Ukraine“ is because representatives of the country have specifically requested as much on the world stage. There are linguistic and political reasons for why they’ve made that request, but the core point is that you shouldn’t say “the Ukraine” because Ukraine says you shouldn’t.
There describing a hypothetical scenario where a sane person might be driven to do this. It has to be pretty outlandish.
The parasite entered him 8 years prior. He then got meningitis over a matter of days. There’s no contradiction there. I guess it helps if you have any idea what meningitis is. EDIT: you’re right, I misread the article
In the sense that the driver didn’t intentionally run her over, sure, but many of those variables were under her control. You’re not supposed to begin driving while passengers are still in that front area, *especially* if you’re going to turn in the direction you can’t see because of them.
As a thought, is it possible the parent unit forwards the stream to the app rather than the app connecting directly to the camera?
It’s worth checking all available lighter ports. I know the ones in my passenger cabin (front and rear seats) turn off with the car, but the one in the cargo area (crossover) stays powered.
In Spotify’s case though they consistently complain about being blocked from things they’re not actually blocked from. Like when Siri integration was opened up to third party apps and Spotify just didn’t use it for a year and then blamed Apple for shutting them out. Like I get the conceptual argument completely. It’s hard to compete in those scenarios, and I think Apple will probably eventually lose the battle on forcing devs into their 30% cut for subscriptions and IAP. Spotify in particular though has always struck me as self-sabotaging purely to maintain the moral high ground.
&gt; my dad was furious when he learned I didn’t keep paper map on me all time. what if I get lost? I agree with your dad here. There’s no reason not to have maps in your car for emergencies. Redundant cellular devices do you no good if you’ve got no data service where you happen to be.
Clearly mashed the clutch but not the brake. Everyone does it at least once, but usually not down a step hill with someone in the back.
&gt; for some reason I was supposed to carry a map on me, in my purse. That part I agree is silly. I’m guessing you might be European, to which I’ll also say there’s a lot more road in North America relative to the amount of stuff filling all that space, and our road signs are local-first. By that I mean if you’re on a highway between two largish towns the signs will typically list those places rather than necessarily anywhere you’ve ever heard of.
They did it with a concerned and helpful tone, and acknowledging that this single photo might not present the full details. Often people giving unsolicited parenting advice on the Internet check none of those boxes, because they’re just trying to prove they’re better parents, so others tend to be a little touchy about it. Written a different way I definitely would have downvoted it, but /u/vivinator4 did it right.
It’s impossible to read, but if you look closely you can see a second sign below the no-right-turn sign that probably qualifies what times the turn restriction is in effect. It’s entirely possible the right turn would have been legal.
You don’t have to forgive the guy for what he did to think WOTC also did the wrong thing by issuing a ban for an old legal conviction. My point is as someone who believes sexism and sexual harassment (and worse) have no place in the MtG community, but also firmly believes that justice should be reformative rather than punitive, it’s very easy to come down on one side in that case and the other side in this one.
So on most tractors the clutch and brake have linked pedal plates on the left side and a gas pedal on the right, so it’s a very different experience to driving a manual car. If you push the clutch part of the left-side pedal it’s just a clutch, but if you push a different segment of the pedal surface it actually moves both the clutch pedal and brake pedal. You generally can’t engage the brakes without the clutch (at least not without some very intentional action). In practice you don’t use the brake very often because you have the engine in gear to keep your speed capped and you just coast to a stop on level ground by hitting the clutch. In this case merely letting go of the clutch would probably have saved the day, but the driver was panicking and trying to mash the brake.
I don’t think that’s a possibility, I think that’s the obvious conclusion. Same external size and even same weight help with packaging and shipping design.
They called it the “wu flu”. You’re wasting your time.
I just recently set up an new iOS device for myself. He *had* to know the password, because you have to enter it as part of the automatic account sync during setup (I don’t remember if it’s a prompt on the existing device or the new one).
It’s declarative rather than imperative. Instead of “send this command to this light with this data payload” you just specify the final state you want the light to be in and HA figures out how to get it there.
I mean the issue definitely isn’t that they’re ineffective. They’re pretty great instructions on how to be a manipulative psychopath.
They’re not saying the preview shouldn’t be flipped, just that they don’t get why people want the resulting image to also be flipped. I’ll admit I feel the same way. I never want the actual saved image to be flipped (and if an odd scenario came up as an exception I’d be fine manually flipping it).
The second part is cheating, but avoiding a bug like this is totally justification on its own.
I mean like the little weird bumps here and there, sure. Happens with any districting, and rigid squares aren’t significantly fairer than gerrymandered districts in aggregate. But I don’t see any clearly non-gerrymandered wards on this map.
That was my initial gut reaction, but watching some videos of it in further use it didn’t feel like a significant reduction. Definitely a little bit, of course, but they also had all the view settings on “eye-candy” mode in the keynote (as they always do).
Based on how he tells the story elsewhere, I’m willing to bet he was in that nonchalant mode by the time Gosling turned back around.
Yes, but it has to enter the battlefield in the first place to be subject to that rule. That means it also necessarily leaves the battlefield when it dies to state-based actions. It generates both an ETB event and a death event and so relevant triggers happen.
It’s anecdotal, but the Venn diagram of people I know who roll coal and the people I know who are police officers is literally a perfect circle.
And then when you leave you get returned to the farm pretty late at night.
In San Francisco someone literally caught a police pickup truck delivering them and uniformed officers unloading them. So it’s at least an idea that police have had.
That predates COVID, though I don’t know if they’re still planning to open new concepts in those locations like they originally announced.
Yeah I don’t see anyone clamoring that Ben Franklin shouldn’t have a bridge *and* an institute.
Unless that’s a weird UKism that works differently to the rest of the world, the outside lane is absolutely the one closest to the edge (i.e. “outside”) of the roadway. Maybe the shoulder, maybe just the slowest traffic lane, but definitely outward.
For one definition of “same”. Basically every sect of Christianity has one specific version of the Bible that’s their “official” version, and the contents can vary greatly depending on translational and editorial differences that are as often bottom-up decisions rather than top-down ones.
It does though, because the widgets are aligned to the app grid, not just double the size of a normal icon. The height and width of a 2x2 widget are each `icon_size + gap_size + icon_size`.
Probably. Which means it was changed to change the size of the widgets. What are you trying to argue? Because what you’re actually saying here is rather nonsensical.
Man this guy you’re defending sounds like an awful, “edgy” dickhead. If he treats his friends and guests that way I can only imagine what he says off the air.
Halifax iirc
An important aspect as well is how you express that. It’s one thing to not actively want to date someone with a particular characteristic, but quite another to bring it up at random, or to use that explicitly as justification of rejection. Like consider that it’s a bit of a dick move to reject someone with “I don’t date blondes”; imagine how much more powerful such a rejection is for a trait you can’t just change with a box of dye from the corner store.
Though in this instance I think it’s arguably a bug if it triggers when you don’t have a URL copied, because Apollo asks for the URL value of the first pasteboard item and if it isn’t a URL at all Apollo just gets `nil`. I haven’t tested, but perhaps explicitly querying the type first and failing then would avoid the notification (in the case where Apollo doesn’t actually read the pasteboard after all)? EDIT: clarity, hopefully
We had a game where everyone, by chance, showed up as bards or party-face, high CHA rogues. I think we were all elves of some sort too. Man that was a good time, but also a relatively short one because even with a level 4 start our six-character party had &lt; 100 HP between us.
I am not saying the general existence of the notification is a bug. It’s a good feature, though probably needs some finer-grained control on the system level (e.g. suppressing the notification for certain apps). What I *am* saying is that the exact behavior is possibly not working as intended, as well as pondering on a possible workaround based on what I see being done in Christian‘s posted code.
It’s not theft if it’s unintentional (morally at least). If the new family did the right things in checking the cat out first, including checking for a collar and microchip, they haven’t stolen it. That might have something to do with the downvotes.
You can indeed check the type of data on the pasteboard without actually reading the data. https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uipasteboard/1622077-types
Apollo currently accesses `UIPasteboard.general.url` and then bails if the result is `nil`, so it only gets data that UIPasteboard considers a URL (which I think is slightly broader than just strictly NSURL objects). I'm sure that access is triggering the warning popup. Initially I was thinking that was possibly a bug having it fire when the access returns `nil`, but in retrospect that's silly. I do still wonder whether specifically querying the type using `UIPasteboard.general.contains()` would trigger the notification.
They’re talking about the actual foot rests, not putting your feet up on the lap bar.
&gt; are the same as those “press for green light” buttons on the crosswalk traffic poles: They really aren’t connected to anything but give you the illusion that pressing them will get you a green light faster. A common misconception. No government entity is paying to install fake buttons to make people feel better. If it has buttons they work (or at least did when installed), they just don’t necessarily work at every hour of the day. Just like the sensors under the roadway.
IIRC it was that he thought plates ruined the look of the car
The open shed is interesting. What purpose does that serve in this artificial space? It’s not like it’s going to rain on the tractor. I must have answers!
This is beautiful! Though I must admit it hurt watching you actually *drill* holes with the motherboard as a template. One misstep and bye-bye motherboard trace.
I was thinking more about missing the mounting hole in the first place. Just striking the board with a stationary drill bit could easily damage it. Then again I’ve got the least steady hands in the world so…
I didn’t make it up, I just assumed (naively, it turns out) that the car with which I have experience fixing the odometer is representative of modern design. &gt; Literally no cars have the odometer connected to the front wheels You’re making shit up too, now.
A 1936 Ford Model 48. Specifically the Roadster, but AFAIK they’d all be the same.
The angle is pretty forgiving, but also you can tilt it toward your face, let it authorize, and then tilt it back down to the reader if you really have to.
Most of it is below the house, probably to keep snow off as much as possible.
Just stomp the brakes. Most modern (last 20 years) automatic cars will drop to neutral or cut power if you apply hard brakes with the throttle open. You can also put it in neutral yourself while breaking if you have the presence of mind. Usually just shoving the selector forward/up without pressing the lock button will end up in neutral.
No they don’t. Hershey’s Milk Chocolate is a very distinctive (and terrible) taste. Even other Hershey’s chocolate, like “special dark”, doesn’t taste of vomit.
It’s not much of a stretch to say Hershey’s Milk Chocolate is to American chocolate the way Foster’s is to Australian beer. It’s a world-famous but poorly representative product. We definitely consume more of the chocolate domestically than Australians do Foster’s, but really only in specific circumstances. Every time I’ve had Hershey’s Milk Chocolate in my adult life has been a) in a s’more or b) from a bowl of free candy.
Notice the people in the old card are gaunt and wearing ragged clothing. Nothing obviously supernatural going on. There’s an amount of desperation there; these villagers are mostly just *hungry*. In the new card the cannibals are all nicer dressed and healthier looking (what we can see of them), and their eyes are glowing. There’s also trappings of an established ritual involved, like the cloth-covered platter the one is holding, something the rules text also hints at. They seem to be operating as a cult. To me that seems like the exact sort of development that only happens if there’s general peace. They no longer have outside threats to their existence, since Sigarda is keeping the peace on the plane, so now they have time to explore the non-nutritional benefits of eating people. This isn’t Emrakul madness, it’s a good old fashioned death cult.
The scariest thing to find turning a corner in Far Cry 3 wasn’t a tiger or a giant crocodile, it was a damn cassowary. I died to those horrifying dinosaur birds so many times.
Everyone everywhere speaks a dialect of some sort. “Dialect” doesn’t mean “rural” or “nonstandard” or “bad”.
Dialect does not mean bad. It can be used pejoratively, but it is not inherently negative and every speaker of every language has a dialect.
We knew what was going to happen before we started the video, and we weren’t also tasked with operating the vehicle through a turn, so the fact we can sit here and say “I saw the guy not stopping” means next to nothing for the actual driver in the clip.
The bottom is the game. Really the immediate giveaway is that Center City Philadelphia is not surrounded by dense, unspoiled forest in real life.
It’s a hot take, but my favorite cheesesteak in the city is actually the Trainwreck at Beck’s Cajun Café. It’s not a traditional cheesesteak of course, but it’s damn fine.
