Kinda normal that one parent will move over to child care rather than pursuing a career, no? Loads of dad's at the school gates now, including myself seem to have taken on the responsibility for day to day child rearing and exist on part time minimum wages or nothing at all to fit in the time constraints. Personally I wouldn't swap it for the world. I would feel very uncomfortable if both of us worked full time knowing that we would have to neglect the kids to do so.
Old news. The Torys have always been behaviourally just the wrong side of a dictatorship. Not overtly but just enough to keep their supporters nursing a semi whilst they step over homeless people and dream of queues at the food bank. Edit - auto correct madness
Is this time to mention the magic money tree?
And this is what you get with uncontrolled immigration...
Cornwall does - from England.
That's the one, only it's Emits in Cornwall although we don't mind the English if they are just visiting. It's the ones who want to come down here, buy up all the property and wait to die rather than staying in Surry that piss us off
Which is fine as long as they don't buy property that they leave empty for the other 10 months.
True, but who needs conventional hygiene when you can have a daily wash when you go surfing before work?
If you are interested in what this actually is - [here it is in full](https://refugeesmigrants.un.org/sites/default/files/180713_agreed_outcome_global_compact_for_migration.pdf). I urge you to support the concept of equal rights for all and not sign this petition.
Cold as in fridge? Not so good. Cold as in room temperature? very nice (but not as nice as baked)
Why are the police involved? Did the man attack a seagull or did the seagull attack the man?
French protests are kinda normal in the rest of the world though. It's only in the UK (and maybe a few other places like Switzerland) that setting fire to busses to block roads isn't seen as a legitimate form of getting your point across. As a nation I think we would all prefer to write a passive aggressive letter to the local press than chuck petrol bombs at polices cars (IN excluded!)
Web development. 20 years experience trumped the required CS or design degree.
Hell yeah. I'm fucking amazing!
Capital cities generally don't really show off what a country has to offer and London is no exception. With a few differences in architecture and some minor differences in culture, London could be any big city in western Europe. London shares more similarities with Bangkok, Lagos, Cairo or Madrid than it does with say a small village in Cornwall or Snowdonia. TBH I can't think of a capital city I have visited apart from Paris or Amsterdam for pleasure. My numerous visits to a capital are generally to deal with some sort of bureaucracy or to fly in or out. Big cities are basically the same most places - they just smell different.
You have to remember that the Taj Mahal is just one location in a city of over 1.5m and possibly the only reason anyone would want to go to Agra (although the fort is worth a look) in the first place. The thing is what people find interesting is subjective. I don't like cities so I don't find them very interesting.
And the Tories find yet another way to utterly disgust me.
Na. More chance of knocking the vendor down a few k if someone has been horrifically murdered or something there.
TBH after reading about it, it seems more like a mental illness than your standard flip out because some kids are making a racket. My gut feeling is he should spend the rest of his life in a secure hospital rather than being dumped back into society after 45 years.
Christ no. Don't listen to be because I really don't profess to be an expert. I was just offering a lay opinion about something. &gt;[Some time between 10:15 and 11:15 pm, a drunk McGreavy became infuriated with the Ralph children, beginning with the baby, Samantha, who had been crying for her bottle. McGreavy violently killed Samantha and then the other two children, each in a different manner. Eight-month-old Samantha died from a fractured skull, 2-year-old Dawn had her throat slit and 4-year-old Paul was strangled. After killing the three children, McGreavy went down to the basement and retrieved a pickaxe. He further mutilated their bodies with the pickaxe before impaling the three bodies on the spikes of a wrought iron fence in a neighbour's yard.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_McGreavy) As an aside, where do you think in the sequence of events above, the line between having a few beers, killing 3 children, beating the bodies to a pulp with a pickaxe and then impaling the remains on a fence and not being "OK" in the head lies? Personally I'm not sure that you have to be much of an expert to suggest not prison but somewhere else secure" might be a better place for the guy?, but that's my opinion and not as I said I'm not an expert.
No - I don't he shouldn't be let out because he killed 3 kids, mutilated the bodies and stuck them on a fence... and we don't have the professional support mechanisms to support someone like that after being locked up up for years. As you say though - Time will tell. I just hope it works out.
Yeah - France will win what we have lost. Unfortunately, like it or not, London merchant banks do have a place in our economy. I don't like them but they do keep parts of our economy afloat. Now they will benefit those we have made our competitors.
&gt; we can buy cheaper elsewhere once EU protection is removed Can we though? Where are we going to fly in oranges from? Do we even have an orange trading partner? How much will that cost in air freight?
Me too. It's about 14k *before* housing in Cornwall. Still I guess London skews the average somewhat.
I don't think you can blame Brexit for this though. This is a situation that has been deteriorating for years. Doctors working conditions have been stretched further and further over the last 7 years. The Junior doctors were striking in 2016 to my knowledge so by that point things had got bad enough to call for industrial action. The health service, education, the police, anyone connected to public service industries are being stuffed by the Tories as it is their fundamental belief that non-profit making organisations should be eradicated. Bottom line - this is Tory policy.
In which case I would say that things might well be even less hopeful for doctors (and all public sector workers) as the government would be able to concentrate fully on squeezing even more out of the ones that chose to stay. I find very depressing to think that it's taken us 8 years to get to this point of almost no return. If the governments attention is held else where, hopefully things will only slide downhill rather than being pushed.
Cornwall here - Trust me, you really don't want drop to the level of government investment we have.
So make a "special" new capital at Dunsop Bridge in Lancashire as it's in the middle of the UK. Lots of countries have managed to do this. Lets face it, if Nigeria can do it, we should be able to. If you move the seat of government, the rest will follow.
...and that's why we have so many issues centred around areas that are not in the SE. Just because it has always been like that dosen't mean it's a good thing or that it can't be changed.
Won't UCB just be buying up sites and skills left behind as giants like Actavis / Teva as they bail out to the continent?
The problem with setting up new industries is you have to have an industry to set up. We are haemorrhaging what little we do have hand over foot to the continent due to Brexit as companies cut back or move. What would you put in the north (or SW or Wales ect)?
Now imaging the whole of Lancashire was like that... I loved when just I googled" Grimsby deprivation" my auto suggestion was "Is Grimsby a real place?" That on it's own worries me. Joking aside, there are loads of pockets like this all over the country. Loads of towns and villages where Westminster continues to ignore. If we are not in the SE, we are not getting investment.
"Better" is very subjective though. I don't the all persuasive feeling of apathy we have here for one. I really don't like the government and the idea that parties like our conservatives are acceptable let alone able to get into power. And I really don't like our climate at all. Bottom line is it's all about balance. I'd happily move to South Africa despite all the political crap and high crime rate as the weather is better.
Anywhere that supplies government based contracts makes a packet. As a facilities manager at a school I am constantly amazed at the prices given by out "approved" suppliers.
Cool. Palm oil and soy next I hope.
Looks like the right wing Septics are leaking in from The Donald again.
Bigotry aside, Abu Waleed is British and not a refugee. If you have a brows round the rest of the site you will see that it's nothing more than right wing racist bollox. Anyone who the information on the site is less that hate filled propaganda is, in your words, a bIgOtEd IdIoT.
Has he changed his name legally by deed poll? Does he legally exist as Tommy Robinson? Why dose he with to disassociate with his birth identity?
It is in W.Africa were it's implied you are not as evolved as the other person is.
Your heading into "what if" and "what about" territory here and you have invoked Goodwin's law. Yes, I think people should move on from the holocaust. It should not be forgotten it's a seious lesson to be learned from the past, but no one sane thinks modern Germany should be held to account.
&gt; People now appeal to empire as a better time. That’s wrong I'm in full agreement with that. The British Empire was a really, really shit thing for just about everybody involved with it unless you were a shareholder in London. Reparations though. I mean if you start down this line, where do you stop? My people, the Celts have been invaded, pillaged, subjugated and enslaved by the Romans, Saxons, Jutes, Vikings, Normans and the English, with the last "famines" being inflicted in the 1920's (and maybe even the 1980's depending on how you view the strikes) Do we all profit from this idea of reparations or do we just accept history as history and the Romans gave us sanitation? Is every country in the world going to apologise to it's neighbours for enslaving them? Humans have done this to each other since the beginning of time. Is Morocco going to apologise for enslaving Britons, Spanish and French people in the 1700's? Are Mali and Senegal going to apologise for enslaving half of west Africa since before the birth of Christ? The Kenyans for enslaving Ugandans and selling them to the Omanis who then flogged them off wholesale to the Delhi Sultanate (who, if you know your history would also forcible enslave any non-Muslims in the land they colonised and work them to death on their own land - a practice that lasted for the whole of the Mongol Empire and beyond) Even in the late 1700's the Dutch and Portuguese made a packet buying Indian slaves from Indian slave traders in Indian slave markets. From what I have read, there are about 20 million people in India currently living in bonded labour, child exploitation or forced prostitution? Are these people up for reparations too? At least their claim isn't 6 or 7 generations old.
Needs painted dolls heads as baubles but otherwise I like it.
You forgot Belgium. They had a truly horrid little empire.
Why? Because at the moment we are more concerned as a nation about surviving beyond next year. The choice is stark and obvious. Should I worry about catastrophic climate change in 10 - 20 years time or should I concentrate on foraging enough food and wood to personally survive beyond the first year of post apocalyptic Brexit?
&gt; I’m from Belfast Lets face it though, Belfast is way closer to Beirut or Mogadishu than it is Auckland in terms of crime, poverty and drugs. I went to Kabul in 1989 just after the Russians left when the Mujahideen were shelling the airport and it had a similar vibe to Belfast when I went to NI a few years later.
Londoners own obsession with the place, eye watering pollution, obscenely high prices, cockney geezers all jacked up on jellied eels being twats, no parking spaces, homeless people, bad tasting water... Other than that not really.
I would give up my British Passport like a shot. I wouldn't be too bothered about which bit of paper, EU or British enabled me to move freely about in the rest of Europe as long as I could carry on doing so. I'm not sure what the consequences would be. Leavers get to leave and Remainers get to stay.
I owe no allegiance to the Leavers. Brexit has already cost me my business and my livelihood and is threatening the livelihood of many people I know who have worked hard for years. Yeah, they are going to suffer, just as I have, but quite frankly they had the same information that I had to make an informed choice in the referendum. It's their bed they shat in and personally I don't want to share it with them. After this current run of Tory rule I have had enough of living in this small minded shit hole. I honestly can't be arsed with it. Having lived most of my 50 years outside the UK, I know that for me the grass is greener and life is too short to surround yourself with bigoted xenophobic cretins. I want my kids to grow up somewhere nice - not here.
Sensible idea but it encroaches on my beliefs for freedom of movement. I mean, put it this way... I'm nearing retirement age and maybe I would want to move back to Gwynedd somewhere I lived on and off for 20 years, from where I am now in Cornwall, and your saying I need 'n' amount in the bank to do so? I think that would make me quite angry if the opportunity to do so was dependent on my bank balance and it would be very much a two tiered system with poor people stuck where ever they ended up at 65. Maybe though if somehow the money invested into your tax followed you about, so that your contribution was invested proportional or something in the reign you lived at any given time, it would work?
I'm with you now. Yes that would be a good thing as it would be equal across the country.
That's OK.
Hummus should only ever be served with freshly cooked Lebanese bread or at a push, fresh Pitta. Anything else is a travesty. I actually find it insulting that you describe it as a dip. On a separate but related rant, what is going on with all these "exotic" brands of hummus? Hummus is hummus and does not contain sun dried tomatoes, coriander, chillies, fish or any other adulterants. Those things are something else. They are not Hummus I mean there is nothing wrong with them but they are not Hummus. This whole trend is leaping with both feet into the vegetarian sausage roll issue and it needs to be stopped. As a sausage roll has to contain meat based sausage, Hummus can only contain chickpeas, lemon, tahini, salt and garlic and nothing else.
You can have variations - just don't call it Hummus that's all
It's more rip off a strip, split in half and use as a scoop but I get your point.
Well traditionally they are minced fruit and not savoury which is where the name comes from. Using your example though, putting minced meat in there would me exactly like putting peppers or something in Hummus
I'm not going to assume your culinary prowess or adventuring but putting raw mince in your yogurt isn't normal. I'm sure it is tasty but it really is unusual to the point where you are the only person I have ever come arccos advocating the combination.
An interesting name too considering South Africa's 32 battalion's reputation.
2 very unnecessary bases in two countries we really shouldn't have anything to do with in a region of the world we have already fucked up beyond all recognition? Bit of a waste of money really.
Why here? He was arrested and skipped bail in Turkey.
I think you are probably right. I'm sure Turkish prisons are every bit of the nightmare you expect them to be. However, he did something (potentially) wrong in Turkey and skipped bail. This is to do with him and breaking Turkish law. It's nothing to do with the UK. The idea of being locked up somewhere unpleasant should add to the deterrent of not breaking local laws - especially those that deal with things like terrorism offences.
This is where you need kids. The Elf On The Shelf is running riot at ours getting into the posh biscuits and the tins of roses of an evening.
Having just done my prevent training, I thought the focus was more toward identifying radicalisation by the far right than any other group - so much at I came out of the training thinking that although not explicitly stated, our current government was one of the targets. They certainly ticked all the boxes.
Would indoctrination be a better word as the far right are already radicalised by definition?
Fair enough and well explained although I guess most people these days, myself included, use the literal meaning of radicalisation rather than the traditional political one, even though it is used in a political context.
The cross of st George was appropriated by the hard right decades ago and (world cup years aside) is now symbol of right wing political support, bigotry and racism.
Coupled with a massive workload, systemic stress and performance related pay and real term cuts to budgets. It's an insane thing to do. I work in a school away from the teaching side and can see it burns people out. Staff turnover is worse than any other sector I have worked in by a country mile. Bad pupil behaviour is a factor, but it's a blatant lie if you don't admit there are many many other factors involved
Yeah, that's the one! For the life of me I couldn't think of that.
The five kingdoms of Ireland? It's an historical reference from the time that the Welsh name for Ireland comes from: [ Before the Norman invasion in 1169, these five provinces existed as loosely federated kingdoms controlled by Ireland's great Irish dynastic families of Uí Néill/O'Neill \(Ulster\), Uí Máeilsheáchlainn/O'Melaghlin \(Mide/Meath\), Uí Briain/O'Brien \(Munster\), Uí Conchobhair/O'Conor \(Connacht\) and Mac Murchadha-Caomhánach/MacMurrough-Kavanagh \(Leinster\).](https://www.irishcentral.com/roots/the-four-provinces-87247367-237687791) It's got nothing to do with the modern United Kingdom.
Finally something good might come out of Brexit. Reducing our involvement with the US can only be a good thing.
Other countries are available...
But at least we are will be on a more equal footing with Uzbekistan and Somalia.
Stockpiling food all seems a little alarmist. Besides I have 5 years worth of steak dinners walking around in the field next door to my house.
&gt; My parents lived through the rolling power cuts of the 70s, when candles were so scarce that you bought them whenever you had an opportunity. You have panicky parents? I too lived through a few days of power cuts in the early 70's and it really wasn't that bad. I certainly don't remember any panic buying.
Of course Brexit will sort it. There won't be any planes flying to or from EU airspace for one.
Why is this? Tory voters. It's entirely down to the people who vote for the Tory party to shoulder the responsibility for the UK's housing crisis. They elected the Tory party on the basis of their well publicised manifesto. They knew what they were doing when they ticked that box on the ballot.
Why now though? Our leaders have been metaphorically stepping over a growing pile of bodies for the last 7 or 8 years.
Fair enough. The ones that visit my house at this time of year seem to enjoy expensive rum and pork scratchings.
Driving? well I need to feed my family and it's a 14 mile walk to the nearest shop and back. As it's just a spar garage I'm sure I wouldn't last long on a diet of stale sandwiches and over priced confectionery. As for flying, have you any idea how much pollution you would create driving to South Africa or Malaysia? And what about all those out of season vegetables we import? Maybe eating turnips for 6 months of the year is the healthy option?
A combination of bicycle and boat will get you most places.
Not travelling will always be cheaper than travelling - that's a given, even if it's ware and tear on shoe leather.
The reason I pointed the finger at aliens is that for all the good it does to point a finger at a particular protest group, if they don't admit responsibility and come forward with a reason for their action, it might as well be little green men from Roswell. At this point in time we don't have any idea if it was a disaffected drone hobbyist, a "green" movement, ISIS, our own government, or whatever. The right wing press seem to think there is a link to environmental activists, but it could just as easily have been the UDA, UDF or on the other side of the coin, the IRA. With Brexit looming and just about everyone standing to lose something - it might even be you.
Yeah there were local shops for local people but they were purged in the '90s during the battle for the high st. My closest one (about 5 miles away) closed in 2002ish when the Post Office started to get rid of their not so profitable counters. My point is that my living space was here before the car and hasn't been designed around it. What has happened is between he change from local community to nuclear / single parent family, the drive for making (or saving money) by both retail and government has resulted in turning many rural areas into cul-de-sacs where you rely on a car for everything.
&gt;I’d fully expect. *Expect*.... Assumption is always the first casualty in a plan.
Well they do seem to be doing a grand job so far.
Google only works if you know what you are looking for, hence why I asked the question. The first claim is purely a matter of opinion - what is news worthy and what is not. Very little seems to happen on an hourly basis and most of the effects won't impact the very much UK for 20-30 years. People are more worried if they are going to make it through to Easter at the moment. 20-30 years is nebulous. I'm with you on the second one, there is no reason why the BBC as an organisation can't do that. Become zero carbon. I guess the BBC could do that. Cut down on the crap and plant a bunch of trees with a dodgy scheme. What would be hard is auditing the organisation in the first place. I did it with my business and it took about a year. You would need an army of researchers with something as large as the BBC. I'm not sure they could afford it.
You have a point, although the true effects of climate change are fairly common knowledge and have been for decades. It's not the public you need to convince, it's the people profiting from it. Back to the orginal question about discrediting 6 left wing cult heroes - they have managed to do that to themselves, something that is fairly common knowledge. Mother Theresa was really horrible, Gandhi was with out doubt a racist and Lennon was a knob. Non of these are exactly cult heroes, unless you count Stalin, Che Guevara, Mao Zedong as the same. Yeah they were left wing but they were fairly grim individuals really.
Stop saying there is a deal. There is no deal. You forget there never has been a deal. We either accept what the EU want or we crash out. It's only a deal if both sides have something the other wants. We have nothing to offer the EU.
TBH I have no idea what high st's are like. I have managed to avoid that sort of shopping for about 15 years now.
I'm not being obtuse. I'm just pissed off that for nearly 2 and a half years people have been banging on about a Brexit "deal" when there clearly (at least from the EU perspective) there has never been anything like a deal or negotiation on the table. Ever. We will do what the EU want us to - or we crash out. The EU stated this before the referendum and nothing has changed. " There is no room whatsoever to renegotiate the Brexit" has been Juncker's line since the beginning. It's only the UK who say there is. Stop calling it a deal!
I couldn't agree more, although I don't think here is a hope in hell of stopping Brexit so whoever is left will be king of the dump.
Cleaning the house before tomorrow whilst getting slowly drunk (and shouting at the kids to calm down)
Cool. I'm going to be rich when I get back then! I tend to scan everything in a system anyway so the FSS will come in handy for USS's
Fuck yes. Well I'm doing them anyway because beef.
I'm not sure I can cope with tomorrow. I have already put myself into a cheese coma when I went round to the brother in laws for festive nibbles.
When ever I see a headline like this I always wonder why people find it distasteful to highlight all the atrocities caused by Christian groups in central and west Africa. Two sides to every coin and all that.
Just pointing out that there is nothing new here. As someone who lives in the countryside and is completely against hunting for fun, I personally wish both sides would just fuck off. In my book they are both as bad as each other.
Get a game like Skyrim or Elite Dangerous that don't have and end, just a world to mess about in.
Very true.
Why Christians though? I'd like to see all people that are persecuted being helped. Don't forget that in many parts of the world, Christians are not the victims but the ones doing the persecuting.
Damn phone for trying to guess what I want to type.
Still working our way through leftovers and the stuff we didn't eat on the day. The cheese board has out for snacking since breakfast.
I saw someone cutting their lawn yesterday. It made me think that stuff in my garden is still growing too when it should be all very dormant by now.
More like strategic accounting
I have heard that she is both really nice and really divaish from different people. About 10 years ago when I was between Mrs Dwairs, I had a "arty crafty" girl friend who mentioned she worked with her quite a bit in the past and went off on one about how much of a twat she was. As I like Kirstie in a special way, I later questioned some of the other people she would have worked with and they all reckoned she was lovely. Anyway, the GF fizzled out after a few months but my crush Kirstie still remains strong.
&gt; she sticks her kids in economy and flies first class herself Having flown more than my fair share of long haul with loads of kids, I would do this myself if I could afford to. You can't knock her for that.
With your right hand only - poppadoms / roti / nana / paratha optional.
My gut feeling is that you are really unlucky as it's difficult to predict when a clutch will go or how much life there is in it. At 55k miles you are kinda on the lower end of when you would expect to replace it, however that depends massively on the driving style of the previous owner. In my experience they normally go somewhere between 80k to 120k. I'm not sure where you stand legally, but if the dealer won't repair or give you your money back based on it being a service part - ask them how much they will repair it for, and offer them to do it for 50% and see what they say (this has worked out for me in the past with things like head gaskets and turbos).
Haha.. I come from a long line of empire builders so it's in my blood. The Dwairs have built things all over world for the last 300 years so I can't help myself. I just can't help myself!
Austerity? Call it what you want but the blame for this lies squarely at the feet of those who voted for the Tories. It was a well publicised policy. If people hadn't wanted this to happen, they wouldn't have voted for them.
Anyone with small kids will be awake from 6 if not earlier in the summer. Mine have always woken at dawn.
&gt;The country in which you live is influenced by you And you in turn are influenced by the country. This is why I don't feel patriotic. I have lived in the UK for less than ten years out of fifty. I don't feel the UK owes me anything and in turn I don't feel I owe it anything. It's just a place. Granted I have lived longer in the UK than anywhere else, but I feel no allegiance to it over anywhere else.
By all that is holy!! What the hell happened to the crimp? Are they training arthritic chimpanzees to make Pastys down there now?
Philip warrens do exceedingly good Pastys. However, if you want a really culinary treat - try their scotch eggs. Their black pudding is excellent but my god, their traditional is amazing. It literately melts in your mouth.
I thought that was just a single primary school in Birmingham that was effected, and that the protesters had been banned from the school by injunction. As far as I know, "tolerance education" has not been dropped at that single school - which is the the on going issue as far as some parents are concerned. (could be wrong here though - I'm not that up to date). The other 360 schools in Birmingham are unaffected by the protest.
What else are we going to eat when sea levels rise and we have poisoned the land?
I was kinda shocked to read recently that the US has several deaths each year from bubonic plague.
I use an oil boiler. I get through 1200l of oil a year(ish) I generally buy it in 500 or 1000 liter deliveries. For the last 12 years I have paid, on average about £100p/a for a service and parts. The boiler (a Grant external) has been remarkably reliable during that time. Delivery can take 3 to 7 days but have had it the same day when I have run out in the middle of winter. For me the big pro is it being separate to gas (I use propane bottles for cooking). If you run out of heat you can still cook and if you run out of gas you are still warm. When I put the heating in, oil was a fair bit cheaper than gas and there were fewer restrictions on where you could site the tank. The boiler was almost twice the price as a comparable gas boiler but at the time it paid for itself in a couple of years. From memory, you rent your LPG tank from your supplier where as oil tanks come from a builders merchant and you can DIY fit them if you want. Edit: Another Pro. If you can't afford a tank fill up or you have run out and it's cold, you can easily buy kerosene by the liter and take it home in a Jerry can.
I experimented with an oil combi boiler and found that it made little difference leaving the hot water on all the time. It cost £35 a year more but this could easily have been down to having a cold winter. My oil combi takes 10 mins to heat from stone cold or about 5 if the heating has been on that day. If the hot water is "on" It's instant.
1) I have 6 2) Less than 6 - maybe just one or two. 3) I had them in my late 30's and 40's 4) As above 5) Housing them all and then making them leave. 6) I keep having to build extensions and annexes to the house but then I'll sell the house so they have to leave.
&gt; Everyone is to blame No. Only those who voted to leave the EU are to blame. They are the ones who must shoulder the responsibility. "Oww Oww it was on a bus", "Oww I ignored all the experts", "Oww I don't like foreigners" I am sick to death of them trying to partition the blame and negate their part in this fiasco. They caused this fucking mess.
? I just sigh and take it all home again to either bury it in the garden or chop it up and put it out with the bins. Mind you - they do have a point.
&gt;If we have a ~~no dea~~l Brexit, definitely
That's because we haven't left the first one yet
Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) course at a minimum as well as some MySql and MS-Sql dba courses along with some networking and cisco certs will help. The problem is you will be going up against people who have a relevant comp science degree as well.
Stone circles, hut circles, medieval village ruins, tumuli, there are loads round where I live in Cornwall and Dartmoor has plenty (you can even camp in the middle of some stone circles - although getting a bike to some of them might be a bit of an epic)
No - that's to do with sanctity of life rather than a breeding program.
Give it time...
I have always thought the EU was, in principal, more democratic but in practice there is little difference.
Both are democratic institutions and have a nominated leaders put forward by elected representatives. Both systems are flawed but the only real difference is the EU has a few more layers of obscurity than the UK parliament and in the UK we have governmental oversight from an unelected group of peers.
Is that because they look like the one in the picture?
[Fat communist disagrees](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjC7OKDnNXiAhVB8uAKHbXyA2EQjRx6BAgBEAU&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Ffatscommuno&amp;psig=AOvVaw0H-3wBvcE7FnNuZB0ec2Ah&amp;ust=1559922951229597)
Thank you so much for pointing out the errors with my auto correct. I'm sure that it will clear up any misunderstanding that people may have with post.
Help me out here... &gt; you're not allowed an identity, An identity is something you make for your self, no? or do you mean some sort of tribalism (I'm a teacher so I'm middle class - I'm a welder so I earn more than a teacher but I'm working class) or do you mean our fluid, constantly changing and evolving national identity? Or maybe you mean national identity where a country lays claim to you? &gt;you have no rights to where you were born, No you are right - no one does. Why were you born British as opposed to Polish or Armenian? No one can figure this out with out having an existential crisis. I'm going to call it chance. &gt;you have no country This one I really don't get. More or less everybody has a country - see above. It's actually really difficult to be a stateless individual as countries generally lay claim to you the individual whether you like it or not. As for the rest of your post - what is it about non-British people that frightens you so much? Is it because they look different to you? They don't speak English as well as you? If this threatens your only happiness in life, maybe you need to get over yourself and make friends with them. After all, it's xenophobes and racists that have made this country the stinking cesspit that you see before you today.
No. I relax by leaving the UK. Staying here is just more of the same old shite. Bad weather, miserable people, extortionate prices - why in gods name would I want more of that?
Have you ever driven to South Africa? I have, there and back, 4 times. The fastest you can do it one way is 3 and a half months. Flying takes 8 to 10 hours.
I pissed in a tea pot once because I was drunk and desperate. Nobody cared. I couldn't imagine getting out alive in the US if I pissed on a flag. Big difference between tea and flag cults
Who gives a flying fuck what an American thinks about one of our political leaders? This is beyond irrelevant.
Thanks!
It's interesting that you present a counter argument that has nothing what so ever to do with what I was talking about. Yeah, the UK has one of the lower murdered rates in the world - but I wasn't talking about people getting murdered - as you point out. &gt;I would prefer to walk around Nairobi, Lagos or Johannesburg late at night rather than Plymouth or Exeter. Less chance of being mugged and much less chance of being attacked. That's just my anecdotal thoughts based on my own experience on not seeing random piss-heads (gross generalisation here) wandering about looking for a fight in Hillbrow JH. That bit of culture seems more or less unique to the UK as far as I can see. If it makes you feel any better, I have never been "mugged" by a policeman in the UK - but in most of Africa, that's a very normal experience as is paying a bribe to anyone who can extort you is a weekly if not daily experiance.
The other thing to remember is that unlike the UK - those country wide stats are probably only the tip of the iceberg and only come from countries that are together enough to actually have crime statistics. Yes there is more statistical violence in all three cities (counties) I have mentioned but unless you chose to go looking for it - you generally don't find it. It's not as accessible or visible as it is in the UK - which is the point I was making.
I never said that crime wasn't a problem - I said: &gt;much less chance of being attacked. I have never walked out of a bar in Joburg (or anywhere else in SA) and seen groups of people fighting in the street for no apparent reason, nor have I seen random piss heads trying to start fights for no apparent reason. You are right though, there are a few parts of Joburg I would avoid at night but on the same note there are parts of Plymouth I would also avoid too. As for muggings - I have only ever been mugged in the UK, which compared to the amount of time I have spent *not* living here puts a different slant on my personal perspective.
I had to "shape" the ends of the new floor joists to fit over the wall plate and between the roof when I did the house before last. I found a calculation somewhere on the web and used that to lop off the top corner that was under the roof so it was almost flush. I seem to remember having to use joists that were a little thicker than normal (and cut off more than I would have done with standard joists) Building control were more than happy with both the calculation and what I had done. As a thought, if the top of the wall is block or brick, you could always use hangers or cut a notch in it so a thicker joist can be used (and lose an inch of headroom downstairs)
I used to kite board a bit but I started to hurt myself quite a bit so I bought a buggy. That was fun but it got really expensive quickly as you outgrow the few beaches you can use and end up in places like Morocco and Mauritania that have huge salt pans and reliable wind. TBH, I think you are better off getting a snow board and a paraglider and going to the Alps.
I used to drive overland trucks full of tourists from London to Cape town for a bit but TBH SA is a lovely country. Cheap for a holiday, lovely weather, cool animals to look at. If you love being outdoors a lot, it's fantastic. Also for Africa it's really together so it's safe and easy to travel about.
Now the 500eu notes have stopped being printed and are getting a bit tatty, it's a problem that would effect anybody ~~in the money smuggling business~~ who wants to export cash
A couple of OK summers and everybody forgets that this is what it's normally like here.
Story time.... Years ago I used to on a climbing trips to India and used to wear 400m of 9mm climbing rope woven into a waistcoat to go under several fleeces and a high altitude duvet jacket. My hand luggage normally consisted of about 50kg of karabiners and other assorted climbing hard wear stuffed into a small duffel bag. NB - this was in the days before 9/11 and strict security checks and you could get away that kind of shit on certain airlines (Aeroflot, Ariana Afgan Air, Air Bangladesh ect)
I think the plan is to lower our current food standards and import everything from the US when the farming industry folds.
Well, at least with the new government anti terror legislation, Food Standards will be able to access all your web and phone data now, so at least they have that going for them...
Na, China beat them to it years ago. $60 billion in investments? The US has never succeeded in Africa and are unlikely to make an impact now.
The cows in the field next door will start disappearing if it lasts more than a few days. It's been years since I have filled the chest freezer.
&gt; Also if it has taken multiple years to go to see a doctor... I would like to give the doctor the benefit of doubt however I had started treatment for high blood pressure and was told that the pain was a common side effect of the statins (which it is). The key to this would have been for me to have my blood pressure taken - but obviously you can't do that over the phone. (I have my own monitor now:)
Because Major and his chums were still raking in billions after Thatcher privatised the country. By 2010 they needed a new cash cow to milk, and "austerity" was the perfect veil to hide the financial rape of the UK under. Open all those off shore accounts, cancel government spending and divert the remaining funds through private companies - all the time blaming Labour for the mess they were getting the country into. It's like a poorly written plot of a heist movie
Fair enough - so how would you explain why they weren't doing it in 1996?
New doors are about £350 each, Seats about £150+ and a bonnet is £300-500. Second hand - doors £50-£100, seats £100, bonnet £50
Grind some up, snort it and see if you develop malignant mesothelioma. Alternatively you can get a survey done and samples tested. Anything built in the UK before the mid '80s is considered suspect. If present, you can get it professionally removed but a more practical solution can be to just plaster over it and seal it in.
Bastard things have taken to ripping open my bin bags and pulling shite out all over the place. Nasty little twats
In the past I have used standard 7kn clinker blocks all over (cos they is cheap!) but I'm currently using 7kn Thermolight from the DPC up on eldest daughters annex. They are about 50p-60p each more expensive but so easy to use in comparison it's worth the cost. Cutting is a doddle and you can lay 4 or 5 courses without them sagging due to their light weight. One thing to conciser though is the insulation cavitys in the wall. My building control wants 100mm brick-100mm cavity-100mm thermalite with 60mm celotex insulation within the cavity. The insulation would increased to 70-80mm celotex if a 120mm cavity with a clinker block inner skin. Basically the Thermolight has a better overall U value.
Toyota don't allow Britpart to make shonky parts under licence - which is why they don't break down as often. If they did, you could get a wing mirror that wouldn't quite fit into the arm for £15
Please list them in order of importance.
There is a big difference between true Gypsies and Pikeys though. Gypsies are kinda OK people who exist in a social and economic grey area. Pikeys are just nomadic scanky thieving cunts who live in caravans.
spam
My point exactly. I don't think you can use a change in media use across generations to explain the voting patterns and create an umbrella type overview suggesting that old people don't understand new media as an excuse as to why they voted as they did. As a gross generalisation, they are basically as stupid or racist as the younger people that voted. What swung it was there was more of them able or willing to go out and vote than there were of the 45's and unders.
Out of interest I have just signed up to it as my sartorial elegance has revolved around walking boots, cargo trousers and fleeces for the last 40 odd years. Non of the sample images looked like the sort of stuff I like and I didn't recognise any of the brands. I will be interested to see what it comes up with. Edit: No. I have never worn a shirt with a collar or a sports jacket in my life. Also, who the hell wears boots that have no grip on the sole and don't have a Gortex liner? Why would you want wet feet?
The advantage of Dartmoor is you can walk for 30mins away from a road, put up a tent, lie back and look up.
The thing is, he keeps turning up. I hadn't thought about him for days, maybe even weeks, and then there is a thread about him that springs up out of the blue and... and then I remember him. He's like a human for of herpes. He never goes away completely. At least with Gary Glitter hes either locked up or in hiding abroad so you can more or less forget about him.
The failure to halt the Norman conquest would be closer as it leads to complete change in the "British" way of life. Starvation, famine, evil overlords and several hundred years of near anarchy etc.
I thought they were Irish?
As a European, wouldn't this be like killing two birds with one stone?
Sometimes though it's the right thing to get your dog put down if it starts behaving in an aggressive and unpredictable manner. If the US decided to nuke China, I'm sure the EU would not be an allied with the US for very long in that scenario. You are right however about it causing a massive global ecological problem - but once again this may prove to be a blessing in disguise as both the US and China are already causing massive global ecological problems... I'm starting to thing this may be a workable plan!
Tories have ~~a very flexible~~ no morality when money is involved
Well that will be the all government banged up then. (I don't think they will take this seriously)
Sorry, I'm going to have to back out of this conversation as you appear to be taking it seriously and it seems to be making you quite cross. I do apologise for my humour though. Thanks for joining in!
I use clippers so it costs about £14 every 10 years or so. I don't get why you would pay to get your hair cut. Even Mrs Dwair clippers her hair now and the kids just get a couple of inches chopped off with the kitchen scissors.
I don't think this announcement comes as much of a surprise given that we will have fucked them about for, what over 3 years now?
It honestly makes me feel a little humbled that I can reach out across cyberspace and compel someone to have an opinion about what I have written. Down votes are as good as up votes to me. It's the indifference that hurts.
Do you seriously expect me to have a linier concept of time?
&gt; one would hope the majority of people aren't homophobic Yeah - but look at Brexit. I had hoped that the majority of people weren't xenophobic in the UK but when given the choice, a small majority turned out to be. Don't underestimate just how unpleasant people can be.
I worked from home for years. Loved it. I can't really think of any bad points. TBH I don't like people very much so sometimes spending weeks in my own company was a treat. On a serious note this would drive most people round the bend.
The old gods say it's the middle of summer so I'm hedging my bets with them.
I think I can personally account for maybe 20 or 30 over the years. It was especially bad about 3 years ago to the point where I stopped commenting on things unless they were a few hours old because they just vanished into the ether.
Llanberis and the "electric mountain" pumped storage facility, Dinorwig Quarry, Snowdon, Port Merion, Beddgelert, Caernarfon or Conway castle, Big zip wire in Bethesda, Beach at Newborough on Anglesey, Walk round Cwm Idwal in the Ogwen Valley, have a swim in LLyn Gwynant, Mountain Bike round Betwycoed, Aber falls... There's loads to do!
Fair enough, but first you have to come up with an argument *for* Brexit that doesn't revolve around fantasy, xenophobia or racism.
&gt; Farange isn't an actual racist He's got a very funny way of showing it. I mean, the whole UKIP drive to legitimise and politicise xenophobia and racism was a cunning ruse then?
I can see that as a slogan now. It's so obvious that I'm surprise they never used it when they were campaigning. "UKIP. Not as overtly racist as the BNP" That's a classic mate.
&gt; leather soled shoes ? That's like 18th century foot wear. Even then they put nails in to give them grip.
Most dress shoes still have leather soles. That really is 18th century foot wear...
&gt; No we don't. This is a lie Seriously, what kind of deluded world do you live in? We are now into out 3rd year of EU citizens leaving the country and wages are not rising and UK citizens are not rushing to fill spaces in farming, the NHS, construction ect. How long before you think it will take to fill those jobs with "British" people? The only way you will force people into cost sensitive work is to remove benefits and even that's not working on the unemployable. &gt;I honestly cannot believe the amount of "leftists" that support the single most damaging practice for workers Utter bollox. The most damaging practice for workers in the UK for decades is leaving the oversight of EU safety and Employment law. Can you remember what it was like before the UK had to follow the EU's forward thinking practice? I can. It was shit. &gt;Utterly fed up of unintelligent pond scum who think they can simultaneously support damaging the environment and help the environment at the same time. So what are you doing about it? Stopped heating your home yet? Turned the electric off? Turned your garden into a Kale and Turnip factory to cut down on your food miles? Because that's what it's going to take take you numpty - not leaving the EU
hmm... #scotishthings
Come on Gordon, get with the times. There has been no doubt as to our failure to survive for over 3 years now.
I would guess it's not about who makes the rules - it's about what the rules are? Westminster, especially concerning reigns outside the SE has show time and time again that it's not fit for purpose. Why would you lumber yourself with having biased London centric riles if you don't have to?
Or maybe as she has abandoned her political career, she's now fighting against her old paymasters and actually trying to achieve something worthwhile?
All part of the 30 year blip - nothing to see here. Move along.
Too many local breweries to say which is the most popular really. Tribute and Doom Bar are fairly ubiquitous through out the county though. Never seen Peroni for sale or tried one- had to look it up to find out it's a larger, which means I probably never will.
&gt; Also most big hotels, public buildings etc do have AC Where do you live where they have AC's?
...and probably pay more for it to. Seriously, you don't think that it's important to have a reasonable level of self sufficiency in our food production, cut down on pollution and have a high standard produce? Besides which, what you are saying is it's better to pay a third world farmer a pittance than support our own agricultural industry and put money into our economy? Sorry but I just don't see any of this as a good thing
Denial that it's going to happen or denial that it's a very bad thing? Either way I just laugh at them. There is nothing else you can do.
You can generally argue 3 years and ask the shop you bought it from to return it to the manufacture. 9 times out of 10 they will replace it.
Yeah, we like to keep all the incomers and old people in places like St Ives. You have to think of places like that as a honey pot to keep visitors out of the rest of the county.
You mean the ones people shoot at?
&gt; Call Russia whatever you will, but all I can see is that they are winning geopolitics Are they hell. They are light years behind China and even to some extent the US. Europe and the UK are level pegging with Russia as the "also rans" In race terms, China is sprinting to the finish line while a sweating obese USA is huffing and puffing a good few laps behind. Europe and Russia are so far behind in the race they hardly figure. I'm not even sure they are competing any more. Europe has wandered off the course and are chasing butterflies while the UK has found a dead cat to poke a stick at near the bins. Russia has walked off and found a kids in a playground to frighten and bully.
The thing is you would be mad not to book Farage or his ilk. It's car crash TV. You just know he's going to say something ridiculous and massively offensive. Why would you put somebody on that will use logic and facts to argue their case? It wouldn't be half as entertaining.
I'm with you to some extent as they are mega comfy but over the last few days my kids have banned me from wearing them round the house. I can get away with black boxers or shorts but just my Y fronts is apparently a step too far.
You haven't worked with many architects have you? The first part of any construction project amounts to "No, if you try and do that it will fall down". This is normally followed by long discussions about the availability and cost of exotic materials - most of which are not available outside a lab in quantities over 200grms.
Sod it - I'm going to have a look tomorrow!
Guess so...
The still have to fulfil X hours of comedy, no?
I tend to agree with you. Dealing with cow farts is a drop in the ocean (no pun intended) compared to industrial pollution or even domestic heating.
And this people is why the the UK carrier project is fundamentally a complete waste of money unless all we want to do is a bit of sabre rattling and bulling tiny third world nations on the side.
With over 97,000 vacancies in the just NHS for necessary jobs that already exist, the creation of 10,000 short term positions is quite marginal in the grand scheme things. Yes it's better than nothing because the UK refuses to spend on welfare and infrastructure, but only just. I would like to think that we aren't starting any wars but I guess we will join in, at our expense with what ever random wars the US decides to start. The thing is, if we aren't expecting to start any wars, a projective force isn't something we need to protect our imports. Better that we build destroyers to guard the convoys of plastic widgets from China rather than a massive expensive target that can be taken out with a single tactical nuke. Take Switzerland for example. It imports more than just about any other country and it doesn't even have a navy.
I had to fold my business due to Brexit and, hand on heart, I can safely say it isn't. In any way.
So we protect a narrow section of the channel by Dover and switch that remaining 20% LGN need to West Africa with a view to replacing it entirely with local renewable in what 5 years? TBH, I'm not sure why we by oil or gas from the middle east any more with so many other markets available. As a guess, we could train the small amount of workers needed for military ship building using a tiny percentage of the build cost for the carriers, and just save a few billion more from equipping them with jets bought from the US. The thing is, we just can't afford a strong military to protect us from more or less non-existent threats. The Falklands aside, I'm not sure if we have needed a military presence anywhere apart from Northern Ireland in the last 60 years (Sierra Leone / Blair's private war doesn't count because no one is sure what was going on there yet) TBH, it's like spending thousands guarding and patrolling a bit of wasteland. If there was something worth protecting there, there could well be an argument for patrolling it. As there are just a few piles of rubbish, some fly tipped rubble and a burn out Corsa we could save ourselves the hassle and home the tramps that have moved in.
&gt; Should cyclists make noise too? Yes.
The US has been threatening Iran since the early '80s when they supported Iraq during the war. Now it's re-imposing sanctions for god knows what reasons and Iran is going to re-start it's nuclear program because of this. Remember that last time Iran threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz, the US for all intense and purpose closed it anyway due to ramping up regional tension and shooting down a civilian airliner. Iraq isn't going to start a war but the US just might this time. As I said, Russia just wants it's warm water ports so it can feel special again. Yes it's bellicose but it always has been. Yes they poisoned a defector on British soil but which nation on earth doesn't engage in the odd assassination of people it doesn't like? We certainly have form for this kind of thing, although we generally use third parties (like the terrorist call the Manchester bomber was associated with) I don't condone this type of action but to deny it happens would be very naive. China is the main rival to the US. So what? If we stopped being the lap dog of the great Satan this wouldn't concern us at all and the claims would revolve around the countries involved. After we washed our hands of Hong Kong, we lost any justification in being involved. After reading about this this evening the Chines claims for a lot of the territory seem a bit unjustified but this surly only involves the US if the US decided to be belligerent about it.
Yeah. I have done 5 of them now and this decade was the worst I have seen. I might however have a jaundiced view as it's the only decade I have spent the majority of my time in the UK. Maybe it's always like this?
No. It was the first crop that came to mind. Besides, we don't grow pulses here so it would be wrong to use them in any sort of comparison, especially one that uses a staple crop.
&gt; I like that you prefer eternal Tory rule and yet pretend to support Labour That's a really interesting conclusion. How did you work that one out? The thing is unless you educate people and control the lies the Tories tell, you are never in with a chance of anyone else being voted in.
The point is there are a lot of people who can't get *any* sort of service, shoddy or not. If you can get any sort of work done on your teeth, you are 3 steps ahead of most people - yet we all pay the same, no?
At least our sisters and aunts are worth shagging and the webbed feet really help when you're surfing ;)
Is this a Tory thing? I think this must be a Tory thing.
No, I wouldn't consider it good let alone the greatest. I have lived in maybe 8 - 10 countries in the last 50 years and objectively it's a bit crap here and for various reasons I fundamentally don't like living here. Don't get me wrong, there are some good things about the UK and everyone has a valid opinion on whats good or bad about somewhere but for me, no. I don't like it much. As for other places, I have enjoyed living in France, Spain, South Africa and kenya more than here - but that's just me.
&gt; Trying to make this a party political thing Yes, yes I am because it is a political thing. What sort of thing would you like it to be? Something racist maybe? Is that what you think you are cleverly insinuating? Muzlamic rape gangs? Does that make you feel good? Seriously though, 10 years into tory rule and nobody else is there to carry the can for them anymore. It is their responsibility and no one else's.
? The US is not our ally and hasn't been since the Suez crisis. Sure we follow them around with fawn like eyes but it's a bit of a one way relationship.
I have just made and served a home made jam Rolly Polly and custard to my kids, who should be in bed but have decided to watch a film on netflix because Mrs Dwair is out. It's good not to adult too much some times
But I'm guessing they have a much higher rates of PTSD and other mental health issues as well as the obvious life changing injuries like losing a leg, an arm or having to shit in a bag because most of your intestines are missing? The Services are less likely to kill you due to extremely good and well practiced first aid when needed but that's not much consolation really if you are stuck in a chair for the rest of your life at 21.
&gt; it's one of the only ways that you can legally kill brown people" This unfortunately could well appeal to a lot of people. TBH I dont think it's just brown people though. I can't imaging joining the armed services and not wanting to kill people in general. When it boils down to it, it's kinda the main job description. If you join up you kinda have want to kill people (or at the very least, help other people to kill people). I mean, I thought very seriously about joining when I left school as it looked like a very interesting career (Marine Officer) with loads of opportunities ect but the idea of deliberately injuring or killing people put me off in the end and the more I thought about it, the more it turned me into a complete pacifist.
OK, I *have* looked it up as much as I can be bothered and although my quick search didn't drill down into the stats very far due to a lack of published data available from the MOD and the overwhelming amount of data from the HSE executive, I compared the whole of the armed services per 100,000 to driving cars, agriculture, construction and sporting activities. Also bare in mind that the fatality rates for the armed services are essential for peacetime activity due to our withdraw from the Middle East, but it looks like you are twice as likely to get injured at work if you work for the MOD compared to other sectors and your life expectancy during peacetime is similar to a base jumper. Deaths 2018-19 HSE [details of fatalities](https://www.hse.gov.uk/foi/fatalities/2018-19.htm) which is something like 0.45 deaths per 100,000 workers but covers all areas of employment. (I can't find out if this includes or excludes the armed services) Taking the most dangerous occupations 2017/18. [Fatality rate per 100,000 workers in agriculture was 8.44](https://www.fginsight.com/news/news/farm-deaths-on-the-increase-in-2018-new-figures-show--65004). [All cars per 100,000 - 5.7](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate) NB may include armed services. [Construction - 1.64 per 100,000 workers](https://bsgltd.co.uk/hse-releases-annual-uk-workplace-fatality-figures/) [Suicide 11.2 deaths per 100,000 population](https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/deaths/bulletins/suicidesintheunitedkingdom/2018registrations#main-points) 2018 - [MOD Deaths in the UK Regular Armed Forces](https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/789873/20190328_UK_Deaths_National_Statistic_2019_O.pdf) 61 total (41 per 100k) but not including [ five coroner confirmed suicides in 2018, with an additional 16 waiting verdicts that may result in a suicide verdict once Coroner Inquests are held.](https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/789799/20190328_UK_AF_Suicide_National_Statistic_2019_O.pdf) (obviously this is only serving personnel and not those recently discharged under medical grounds who go on to kill themselves at a later date) UK veteran suicide rate - [Suicide after Leaving the UK Armed Forces —A Cohort Study](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2650723/) found that "Although the overall rate of suicide was not greater than that in the general population, the risk of suicide in men aged 24 y and younger who had left the Armed Forces was approximately two to three times higher than the risk for the same age groups in the general and serving populations" but "The risk of suicide for men aged 30–49 y was lower than that in the general population." The sporting deaths ([I could only find world wide data from a not so good source](http://www.bandolier.org.uk/booth/Risk/sports.html)) BASE Jumping - 43.17 per 100k Swimming - 1.77 per 100k Cycling - 1.08 per 100k ====== Injuries This is a really difficult one to untangle as I'm not sure RIDDOR has a section for being shot at or sitting on an IED, or even if the MOD provides these type of statistics, but... MOD [All MOD Injury and Ill Health Health and Safety Incidents in 2017/18 - 8,373 per 100,000](https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/741286/Enclosure_1_MOD_Health_and_Safety_Statistics_Annual_Report_2017-18.pdf) Civilian (top three industries) [Construction - 3400 per 100,000 employees Ag and fish - 3950 per 100,000 employees Transport - 2990 per 100,000 employees](https://www.hse.gov.uk/statistics/industry/construction.pdf) ====== Mental health Once again this is very difficult to unpick as there is no data but one of the studies above suggested that mental health incidence in prisons was similar between civilian and ex-services personnel. However, [this report on a report makes very uncomfortable reading](https://inews.co.uk/news/uk/armed-forces-veterans-homeless-crime-prison-mental-health-254034).
[Marseille - France](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/oikpJCPnEX_EEeSNIv8tUg--~B/aD02ODI7dz0xMDI0O3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/0cb149d06e70bfdec5e714405d7116492060a3b7.jpg) I recon most french towns and cities will have areas built in the 60's that look like this.
I completely agree. However the US might bomb the fuck out of Iran when they retaliate and get drawn into another spat in the middle east over Iraq again as the Iranian government tried to expel their remaining troops. But this time the Russians will be directly backing the defenders. In all of this we obviously will side with the Great Satan.
&gt;“It was fucking boss – there were loads of ace placards and the vibe was really fun but with a strong message we won’t tolerate the Tories and their bullshit.” Bizarrely indicative and a nostalgic homage to Section 63 of the 1994 Criminal Justice Act - also introduced by the Tories
France probably.
TBH, the main culture takeover we have in the UK is American and not anyone else, This is what we should fight against. The odd Nigerian or Baluchi or whatever we have who have imported their own culture account form a tiny percentage of our ever changing indigenous culture compared to a tidal wave of WASP Americanisation. This is what we need to fight against. Also you sound like a racist so fuck off.
"Fenton!"
For the last few years, youngest son has taken it upon himself to introduce some sort of french epiphany tradition involving an amazing gooey almond cake thing, which when divided someone will find a ring in it. The ring finder then gets crowned and and made king for a week (and everybody has to serve them ect). Next year the king has to make the cake and hide the ring. There is obviously more to the tradition than that but TBH, I'm just in it for the cake.
I'm having my annual winter hiatus from archery at the moment. I'm not in a club (no interest in being competitive or anything) but have a large enough garden to practice in which means most of the summer it's too wet or windy. Come clock change and I'll be back to my 150 arrows a day for the quiet and the zen. It's very addictive!
40lb bow, 10 at a time at 35m or 50m (if I want to spend an afternoon looking for lost arrows that miss the target entirely - I'm not that good!)
Still got to have some sort of meat content to be called a sausage though. You might get away with "sausage shaped" though.
&gt; practice driving the buggy from the turret position Yeah, that is probably a good tip. Thanks for the help
Bit of a shit joke if you are planning to drive from Turkey just to see the lights though :(
Really? [They just voted against protecting key child refugee rights after Brexit](https://www.theneweuropean.co.uk/top-stories/which-mps-rejected-the-dubs-amendment-1-6456906). That seems very much in tune with a “Britain First” type policy and about as typically far right as I have ever seen the UK actually go in the last 50 years.
No - if Labour had won and hadn't enacted everything it promised they would still look like Mild Scando Type Socialist Britain First compared to the current Tory Extreme Right Wing Britain First.
The "natural carrying capacity of the land" in the UK was reached in about 1850. In order for the UK to "advance" we have had to import resources. In order to pay for the resources we have had to import labour. Yes we are already looking at food shortages once climate change kicks in, but it's incredibly simplistic to blame population growth (unless you think there should be a cull) rather than mismanagement.
Eat the chicken before the foxes get it. It's unlikely to lay before the clocks go back so you wont get much egg mileage for a bit.
&gt; It's exactly the same meat just grown on a frame in a lab not a cow. If it stays as a lump of "pure" and un-messed with meat - great. I'd be really happy with that. If it turns into a shop bought processed "ready meal" like a burger ect - fuck that shit. I don't want to eat a bunch of additives and preservatives that I don't have to. (That goes for vegetarian / vegan processed food as well)
Lot's of headlines but I don't honestly think many people give a toss. Like many people they are just getting out and disassociating themselves from the UK. I can't criticise them for that.
Have you replied to the right comment as that really doesn't make any sense in the context you posted it in? Can you explain?
Haha :) I have a large conjoined family that's all. Mrs and me have one between us Mrs has three from a previous marriage I have one from a previous marriage We also have one from my-exe's previous (who is nothing to do with us really but likes to live with the old hippies up on the moor)
I think that periodic mandatory inspections are very necessary, however in practice it will put all schools and ofsted in it's present form under a lot more pressure. The school I work at is small enough to have to get cover staff in during inspections as we have a teaching head so this is both expensive and disruptive. Luckily the paperwork is all there and kept up to date so there is little "extra" work needed.
I should feel compassionate because I'm a compassionate and empathetic human being... but I don't. In the slightest.
Exactly. My first choice of nasty prisons to lose him in would be, say, Kano in northern Nigeria. Mainly because I can't think of a worse place to be incarcerated, but also partly the horrific irony.
That's just because it's shit. It's not so much dangerous - just a place that isn't nice.
Plural. Because it amused me.
If it passes planning approval like any other building, what's the issue? If it looks out of place and not in the local vernacular - no. Do what everybody else does and change your design to fit.
It's the only one in the UK, although there is one in Ireland too.
Although I'm a pacifist and anti nuclear, I can only think this would be a good thing, no?
It's not really a castle though. It's a victorian hotel. The proper castle is behind it and you don't have to go near that place if you don't want to. That is worth a visit.
I read this as we aren't going to get involved with US wars. Which is a good thing.
&gt;I’d gladly ride on the roof. I think they do that in india As said by someone who has never been on an Indian train.
&gt;photographed because it was a remarkable, one-off event. Na. I have spent a fair bit of time in India over the years and at rush hour local trains have people hanging off the sides and roof, en masse, every day around big cities trying to get in and out of work. [Even Google agrees](https://www.google.com/search?q=indian+trains+overcrowded&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_en-GBGB881GB881&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiygJCB0f7mAhWII8AKHdwwBvsQ_AUoAXoECA0QAw&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=635) TBH, I don't know which image is the Bangladeshi one but I'm guessing it is fairly stereotypical though.
Dartmoor (as long as you are out of sight of a road) is fine for wild camping.
There are a couple near the house - kinda more swampy area draining into a stream type though. The School I work at though has an old well out the back that I found under a manhole cover. It's about 27m deep and has a big rusted up contraption for drawing water up. Not sure how it works though. I don't think I would drink out of it as all the fields round the school are regularly sprayed with nitrogen, pesticides and herbicides.
First they stop you smoking at your desk, and now they penalise you for going outside!
Needs more ground clearance to stop the sump being ripped off on tracks (including my drive) and an occasional 4x4 so I can get work / home in the winter. Unfortunately most rural roads aren't gritted or ploughed due to council cuts. We get snowed (iced) in for a few days most years where I live although some years this can last up to 3 weeks. Round here most people used Land Rovers or Toyota's before softroaders became popular. I tried a Zafira for a few years but despite having more than a few horror drives home in winter, the biggest snag was the lack of space in it, it did the same MPG as a my Defender and it was shit beyond belief at towing.
Unmetalled roads and tracks (including my drive which you can't get a Corsa up however carefully you drive it). SUV's tend to have more clearance and on most you can put 16" mud and snow tires on them that push the height up a bit more. Higher clearance also helps in winter as you don't end up perched on icy lumps in the middle of the road caused by tractors and Landrovers.
Sturdy diesel cars are the way forward really. You should see where Mercedes 190's get driven in Africa! When my Zafira died I had to panic buy an ancient Nissan X-Trail (I think this is on the cusp of car / suv?) and it's smaller on the outside and more maneuverable than the Zafira, but there is way more room on the inside and I'm up into 45mpg if I keep the revs down to about 2k and just chug about. It's a great little thing. Unfortunately it's not good on emissions (new ones might be better) and the MOT is due in March... It was only £250 though!
40-45 mpg isn't bad. What's the 3rd row leg room like? Would it fit a couple of 5'9 teenagers for a couple of hours OK without crippling them?
That's cool. Roof box and trailer sort out the luggage issues when needed.
Hahaha... You honestly think there is public transport in rural areas? Oh sweet summer child... Seriously, this is the funniest thing I have seen posted for a while. My point is there is both a need and a legitimate market for these types of vehicles.
I have owned many 110's over the years and despite loving them, I can't legitimately justify owning one. 35mpg and a polluting engine are big turn-offs. Yes most SUVs are shit at offroading, but the times you need 4x4 are when the road gets slippery or you need a bit of clearance on farm tracks or something.
Between my wife and I we have 6 kids but normally as a family we drive 5 about as the oldest is at uni.
&gt;yells at cyclists who try to filter her You don't need an SUV to do this. Cyclists seem just as happy trying to kill themselves under Fiat Puntos as they do Chelsy Tractors.
The school I work at has a vegetarian option. In 3 years + I have never seen a kid ask for it. Granted it's a small school but it's just a waste of money and resources that they have to provide it every day. Luckily they only do a couple of servings now but it's still something like 1800 portions that have been made, cooked and put strait in the bin.
Go Tories!! Their policies must be hitting some major benchmarks by now!
Yes, and it also takes a lot of pressure off Brexit at the end of the month.
Better link - [Greggs' only Cornwall store closed months ago and no one noticed](https://www.cornwalllive.com/news/cornwall-news/greggs-only-cornwall-store-closed-3735601) TBH - it did look quiet the last time I drove past it. I'm not sure this is the last we have heard from them though. They have been advertising for a store manager in Launceston and u/HPB 's mate told him they were looking to expand into the Peninsula last year. The fight will continue!!
We ran Toyota LC's ([HZJ75 - "Troopies"](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C1CHBF_en-GBGB881GB881&amp;ei=6fUdXpirPKyGhbIPh-CfkAo&amp;q=toyota+75+series&amp;oq=toyota+75s&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.1.0.0i10i30j0i8i10i30l3.21950.21950..26756...0.2..0.101.101.0j1......0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71.wE-vrKuCkdo)) in Southern Africa and a few clients used them in Algeria and Oman. We mainly ran 300tdi Defenders because we could get low milage, well maintained exMOD ones really cheap direct from the army, parts are ridiculously cheap and very plentiful, and you only need 3 spanners and a sledge hammer to fix them. On the LC's the rear leaf springs used to go (I mean who puts these on a modern vehicle anyway?) with monotonous regularity but they are only an hours job to fix once you get the knack of getting them in place. The disc caliper seals used to go after about 25k miles on gritty / dusty roads (we used to change them at 20k). Because the 75's had a big 4.5 liter engine, it used to put a lot of strain on the drive chain so that you would break a lot of universel joins and the splines would often strip on the half shafts. This would usually happen in an extreme / dangerous off road situation (which was why you would be stressing them in the first place) and then involve digging and winching and shit to get them flat enough to work on. On the plus side the dashboards never curled up in the sun, they drove like a car rather than a tractor and the engine / gearbox would keep going forever if you feed it oil and water regularly which is just as well as gearboxes are 8 or 9 times the cost of a Defender to replace - and I don't think you could do it in the bush and would need a garage. Defenders you can change a clutch or swap the box out in 3 or 4 hours on your own without specialist equipment by the side of the road. They also rust like there is no tomorrow so never get one if you live within 200 miles of the sea.
We will fight to the end mate. There is no way that culinary effluent is coming across the Tamar river.
No. I'm with you on that one. I know Greggs is dirt cheap but somehow I still feel ripped off.
There is a sub specifically for that, no?
That looks like the perfect place to shout ecclesiastical insults from.
Hahahaha. I guess all you Leavers should have listened to the experts who predicted this. Still never mind, eh :)
I'm not sure if it counts as it wasn't for charity (as we were being paid) but it was a very silly idea. Just before Reliant went under in 2001, me and a photographer mate ended up working with their marketing department and their engineers after gaining sponsorship to drive two Robin mrk 3's across the Sahara. We had two cars, fully modified and had done a couple of test runs round the land rover testing ground at Eastnor and then, 3 months or so before we were due to set off, the company folded :(
Agree. This is far from just having a go at the odd itinerant, it's a direct bolster for land owners and anti-protesters. As someone who uses the countryside, I see this as potentially open ended abuse that will close off vast tracts of our landscape from public access.
&gt; an organisation which shoots down civilian planes and denies it to their own government. That sounds like initial response to the US shooting down of flight 665. It took the US 8 years to admit that publicly despite Regan apologising privately for the incident a week after it happened. At least the Iranians only took a couple of days to 'fess up. I recon at this point Israel, North Korea, Pakistan and India are the safe guys. Russia and the US are the ones to watch.
Just because it's a bot, it doesn't mean that in this comment the point isn't valid. Certainly a bit weird though.
Given the money for more beds and more staff - could the 4 hour target work? My gut feeling is the root cause of this is lack of government investment rather than statistical difficulties. All the stats do is highlight a failure. The government has a long history of changing the goal posts to massage their figures and gloss over their failures (look at employment rates)
That's the problem with it. The only similarities are that it's a white liquid. It's a very poor substitute in cooking to the point you might as well just use water and personally I would prefer coffee black. It's not bad on its own as a oaty drink or as part of a smoothie or something though
Pick a day next year, call it BBQ day and not re-stock cows afterwards? It would be just like the foot and mouth cull a few years ago. I can still remember the smell of the smoke.
This is more to do with the fact that US imports are going up (for whatever reason) and the US are buying fewer American cars than it is Iran. It is interesting though to see Trump trying to use the international Iran nuclear deal as the reason for his trade war with the EU. From our perpective: &gt;[ the US remained the UK's biggest individual customer, with American drivers buying more British-built cars than those in any other single country. In 2017, 209,946 cars left British production lines destined for US roads, with the country boosting its share of UK exports to 15.7% – up from 14.5% in 2016. Meanwhile, in the UK, 34,868 British buyers invested in cars from American factories, representing 1.3% of the UK new car market.](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/american-motorists-increase-demand-for-british-built-cars-with-exports-up-by-7-in-2017-300590711.html)
&gt; This is tailing away from being casual, as this sub intended. So it's probably best we just leave it at that Agree!
Spoiler alert: They aren't. The last I heard (pre Johnson) is that Cornwall will receive 1/11th of the economic development funding that the county received from the EU as a deprived area. Basicly the county has lost about £4.2 billion over the next 5 years. My guess is that every one of the 6 UK regions that are the poorest and least developed in Europe will suffer the same under Westminster funding.
Settler colonialism = the last 25,000 years of humanity across the globe. At this point it's completely pointless to get hung up how shit we were 25 or 50 or 300 years ago. Yes there might be parallels between the East India Company and the Minas-Rio iron ore mine or any other disaster that's looming on the horizon but in terms of the climate debate they are utterly irrelevant and only provide a simplified view of what's actually happening.
&gt; is there something ever so slightly sinister about the fact that we’re now expected to be happy about it? Kinda like the "work sets you free" slogan really. "Hey let's all be happy and celebrate the shit to come!" despite all the evidence that points to a vastly more unpleasant reality.
bit hippy = terrorist to the ruling parties?
So why were they included? &gt;A counter-terrorism police document distributed to medical staff and teachers as part of anti-extremism briefings included Greenpeace, Peta and other non-violent groups as well as neo-Nazis This bit from the article? Nurses and teachers should equate Combat 18 with the anti coal movement? I don't understand why the article is deliberately disingenuous. As far as I can see the complaints are very valid and a poor but genuine attempt at associating Green Peace et al with neo-nazies despight the claim that "“not all of the signs and symbols noted within this document are of counter terrorism interest”. Maybe this bit is closest to the truth &gt;“We have long warned that the government’s counter-terror agenda is one of the greatest threats to free speech in the UK. If you are passionate about anything from climate change to social justice or fighting racism in the UK today you risk being labelled extremist and your details being passed to the police."
&gt; I surmise that they've included non-extremist organisations for that very reason, to help determine they're not extremist groups. Shame it doesn't actually state that though. As you say, you have to guess that's what they mean.
Don't forget that it took the Yanks 8 years to admit responsibility and they gave the man resposabible a medal to boot. Fucking hypocrites.
A lot of them wear skirts too...
If you talk to them face to face you have (unless you record it - and then they won't talk to you) you have no evidence of their advice. You also have proof that you tried to sort the problem out if you email them / send them a registered letter. Never deal with authority on the phone or in person - always do it in writing.
One of the things that gets me about this whole debate is people who complain about being forced to confront the reality of slaughter if they eat meat. Meat is a visceral experience which we are generally removed from in everyday UK as we buy our meat in plastic packets from the supermarket. Most people have no idea what it's like to "prepare" meat before it gets cooked. If you eat meat - like I do, you need to accept and come to terms with the fact that an animal has died so you can eat it. If you can't come to terms with that, I don't think you should be eating it.
Well you seem to have an issue with people of other races to the point of wanting to share your views publicly. As for reporting it - I'm just happy to call it out when I see it, just as I would call someone out on the street if they were being racist in public. Put it this way, re-read your post above. It comes across as though you have a real issue here. Maybe you don't IRL and maybe I got it wrong, but if you paint yourself as having certain stance people will make that assumption.
I want to make that non-pc noise that "Joey's" make when they foul themselves but I have no idea how to write that sound (Unrgn?) and you would have to be in your mid forties and older from the UK in order to understand the nuance. The thing is it's really fitting in this circumstance.
or at least detach us from the rest of the country.
I'll pay 50p more not to sit a a damp seat that smells of wee TBH.
Add a couple of hash browns and there are a couple of cafes round my way that will do that for either £5 or £5.50. Quality local meat and eggs too.
Are you talking about proper jobs or "working" for more than an hour a fortnight as per unemployment benefit figures? Quality of work plays a large part in how the economy is working. I was an upper tax bracket business owner - Brexit happened and I was forced to close my business and now I'm on minimum wage and part time hours doing something else. I'm happy enough as I'm moving toward early retirement anyway, but I don't contribute a thing to the country as I'm below tax and NI levels. Still employed though.
The Lofoten Islands in Norway. I went climbing years ago round Andalsnes. It was mental and I have always wanted to go back and explore more - but hot dry places like the Sahara always ended up being more appealing (and cheaper!)
Lucky buggers. Down here in sunny cornwall it's gone from being glorious yesterday to cold and grey looking despite the forecast showing sun all day.
If the appear in government training literature as an example of an extremist organisation - yes!! Why else do we have a schools PREVENT strategy that targets extremist groups like ISIS, Combat18 and Greenpeace?
Seems fair enough. I mean what if you want to cut them up a bit before you shoot them?
Great examples. I'd guess at "rural Snowdonia", Caernarfon(ish) and maybe Anglesea or Conway Valley for the young lad. I hadn't made the connection before the difference in accents comes from speaking English as a first or second language - which makes perfect sense.
My normal routine would be something like socks shirt trousers, go down stairs and root about in clean washing pile for pants. Take off trousers to put pants on, then replace trousers. I have been know to go downstairs in a single sock to look for clothes in the morning.
Dan? Finish your homework and go to bed please.
Thats easy. Cost. In the twenty or so years we didn't have them, they disbanded both the bin emptiers and the bins themselves, and now councils can't afford to to re-introduce the service because of budget cuts.
/r/spaceclop is OK - bit weird but you know...
OP kinda has a point - big international cities are quite samey when it boils down to it, and culturally they are a little bland. Over crowded, over priced, bit of iconic architecture here and there, some museums, some night spots, McDonalds, a down town area, slums... Kinda sums up the 60 or so capitals I have visited over the years. Obviously some are better than others (Looking at you Lagos) but the main difference seems to be the smell and how bad the air tastes. London, Karachi, Bangkok, Cairo and Delhi smell of pollution. Lagos, Nairobi and most African capitals smell of drains and rotting fruit whilst most European and Middle Eastern capitals smell of car fumes, stale cigarettes and old food. Other than that, once you get past the fine print they are all very similar really. Saying all that though, I would still want to spend a couple of days in London if I hadn't been before, simply because its somewhere new, before I headed out to somewhere else that to me would be more interesting.
Fair enough but the last US president that seemed OK was Cater and that was a while ago now. That said, I think you have hit peak crazy with Trump, although as a Brit looking at what has happened here over the last 5 years, I feel that maybe this is a joint cultural experience our two countries can share.
What do you mean by remembering their dad pulling the choke to start their car? I can remember doing that myself through most of the 80's and 90's! and now I feel old :(
That was more of an EU thing to bring us into the 21th century no?
Personally more than about 25-30 mins is too much for me but I value my non work time more than my work time. 5 hours a week, half a day lost? No thanks. Even with a great job it's still adds to the time you have to spend working rather than doing something *you* want to do
The thing is, most other places use things like health, welfare and education as a metric for "national greatness". The US has a great *private* educational system and great *private* healthcare - but as far as most European countries go, the US is still in developing nation status in a lot of areas. Simply put, civilisation is measured by how well society cares for it's less able members. Obviously this is subjective, but it's interesting to compare the things that the US generally sees as important compared to it's peers in Europe and the rest of the English speaking world for that matter
No. Here in the UK it's a national pass time to complain about how crap the country has become in the last 10 years
So I have a listh? It's not very nice to takth the pith out of me for it.
Current one - Scott Mann (Con)? Never seen him, heard from him replying to letters or anything else. Never in the press or on local TV. He's like a ghost. The previous one, Dan Rogerson (Lib Dem) was all over the place and I used to bump into him in Tescos, buying petrol ect. He used to turn up at the kids schools once a year, opening fetes, dog shows, supermarkets.
A very good reason not to buy processed food?
? She moved in and a year or so later started to produce children.
Don't disagree with me - disagree with /u/iamnotinterested2 further up the page &gt;The US reports higher rates of illness from foodborne illness than in the UK. Annually, 14.7% (48m) of the US population suffer from an illness, versus 1.5% (1m) in the UK. This is nearly ten times the percentage of population.
This. I'm the same age as you and had a good 10 years of training in the '90s on how to make computers work ect (resolving conflicts, patching, ect, ect), as well as jumping between different O/S and software. My kids are great at IT - as long as it works first time.
Once again cost. Why spend if you don't actually see a benefit. VBA is a bit nasty but it does work. If the code ain't broken, why fix it?
Not a lot really apart from spending a year being a builder and watching a lot of DIY vids on YouTube. Tbh, though you might have to spend a bit more than 500k to get the finish you would expect on a £1.5mill house. Also location plays a big part.
Yes. It's the wrong document. It has nothing to do with the Guardian article. The link you provided was nothing to do with the document distributed by the police that the article discusses. They are two different things. The Guardian article shows published details describing clearly why ER are considered a threat - without any ambiguity. Your link describes right wing symbols. You really should read the article this is all about.
NTA. If you are scottish - by all means wear a kilt. If you are not scottish and maybe American or some another nationality - no. At that point you just become a bloke in drag.
Just soak them in a little petrol and they will slide off.
At this point in time I don't think "the public" have an ounce of common sense left and seem to want to skip off after unicorns. Between Brexit and the result of the last election, it would appear that they will believe whatever the "Sun Says" column tells them to. Credibility my arse.
Bit late now, no?
Weather, load carrying, individual mobility, time, kids, practicality? All overwhelming factors when deciding to jump into the car.
This is turning into a weekly event now. What a horrible little country we have become.
Kinda feels like a very hollow success when we have headlines like [Disabled man starved to death after DWP stopped his benefits](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2020/jan/28/disabled-man-starved-to-death-after-dwp-stopped-his-benefits). I wonder how many people could have been fed and housed if we hadn't bothered with gewgaws like this and sorted out our own country first.
Hang on - at what point did choosing to enforce a no fly zone morph into repeated bombing raids on tanks, air defense systems, the use of Apache AH1's against ground targets, Tomahawk missiles fired from subs, the bombing of the Bab Al Aziziyah center in Tripoli, a frigate in Tripoli harbour, bombing the medical clinics in Zliten, troops in Benghazi ? I mean, that's a hell of a lot of NATO mission creep in what, 2 months? Don't get me wrong, Ark Royal and Illustrious have done some great humanitarian work over the years but their primary role *is* force projection. Something that the UK can ill afford nor being blunt, has been proven to successful at. We have been mainly been involved with 3 parts of the world in the last 30 years. N.Africa, the Middle East and Afghanistan. In no way were our actions justifiable or by any stretch of the imagination, successful. To me, it seems like our governments spend a great deal of money ignoring the plight of those in need at home so we can cause misery to millions all round the globe. Maybe if we put the money we used for "Defense" into sorting out our own country it would be morally justifiable to bomb the fuck out of some peasants on the other side of the world, but even then I'm not sure it would be, even if our allies are financing them.
Fair enough, although I don't see a need for aircraft carriers around Ireland though and our current blue water navy can cope with potential attacks on the Falkland and Pitman islands So to come the full circle, what you are saying overall is that the disadvantaged, disabled ect have to be sacrificed for the greater good?
But it's only going to shrink £15bn year on year. Think of it like a house fire. Your house could be completely gutted leaving you with the clothes you stand up in... or it could just trash the kitchen and leave you with a bit of water damage in the hall. If we can get out of this with the financial equivalent of some smoke damage - we cool! You also have to remember that £15bn a year is really chump change compared to the crap that the government is happy to spend on stuff like Trident, HS2, aircraft carriers ect so it's not much of an issue.
However, this argument only works if you believe that the defence budget in it's current form is in any way necessary. Many of our peers and just about every other country in the world doesn't see our level of spending as anywhere near esential - and they seem to do OK, no? The other issue to keep firmly in sight is that although our welfare budget currently dwarfs our military spending, our welfare deficit would be 3% of our gdp better off if we didn't spend on our military. Unfortunately we do have a binary choice. We obviously can't afford both.
? I have boxes of old routers and modems knocking about if they want to come and collect them. Most of the BT ones have cooked by lightning strikes but all they have to do is ask and they shall receive.
Fair enough. It weirds my wife out though. She is a massive textbook introvert but likes to be around people where as I can be as extrovert as any but I'm happiest spending literally months in my own company doing my own thing (which I also accept is probably very boring to most people). Before met her I was writing code from home and only interacted with my clients by email. Shopping once a fortnight + a trip to the garage to buy petrol so I could go surfing or mountain biking. I just can't be arsed with people for the most part.
Na - I just live up on the moors (and prior to that up a mountain in Snowdonia) and the BT poles get hit quite regularly. It doesn't even have to be that near to the house to melt a router although a few years ago the pole closest to the house did go on fire for a bit.
And more to the point, US police will be able to search through all our data without asking a judge.
Freedom of movement is the main one for me.
Losing the privilege of being able to live, travel and work in 28 different countries. I have spent most of the last 25 years living in France and Spain and feel like I'm now going to be trapped here because I moved back to look after my elderly parents. It's kinda a double edged sword as not only will it be more difficult to do this (maybe not even possible as someone who is self employed and on the way to retirement) but I also have to stay in the UK, which I feel increasingly isn't a very nice country or somewhere I want to live anymore for various reasons. The biggest kicker though is I also feel very sad that my own kids won't have the same easy opportunities so easily available to them that I had. The two oldest ones were planning on going to Uni in France and Denmark which I'm guessing will be either prohibitively expensive or just not possible now, however they increasingly feel they are going to be trapped here too.
That sweeping statement sounds like you are speaking with years of experience traveling the world. Which 3rd world cultures do you have experience of? How many years have you spent living in 3rd world shitholes so you could make such a judgment?
Birmingham?
/r/brexit ? --&gt;
It's fine. If in doubt make sure it's cooked through.
Even then I'd eat it if it was cooked through. Might have to make a sauce to go with it if it's too gamey though.
So does this mean they are shipping them straight to Portland Down?
Still better than US beef though.
Melancholy best describes the feeling I have, like the loss an old and much loved friend. I'm reminiscing about living in France and Spain, the opportunities that I had and feeling very sad that my kids will never have the same opportunity with out considerably more effort. As for whats happened to the UK?. It's already cost me my livelihood so fuck it. I don't give a shit anymore. I'm nicely insulated from it so fuck you Jack. It's what you wanted so enjoy it.
Tribute I would guess. Seems to be everywhere.
Yes, but I dont want to drink that. I want a Cappuccino.
I have a the best part of a grands worth of coffee machine and you expect me to drink fucking *water*? What kind of animal do you think I am?
Very twee. It's nice and all but I prefer my uplands a little less like a pre-war chocolate box.
Depending on your supply and where it is - make sure you investigate the cost of sinking a borehole and having your own supply as well as just tapping into the main. It was a fair bit cheaper for me to go off grid (although I have just re-read your comment and realised you are in a shared building.)
Ahhh - what you want is a pump and a pressure vessel system or something like a [Salamander Pump](https://www.plumbingtrademagazine.co.uk/content/technology-salamander-pumps) then. Cost would be about £250 for the unit + half a day to fit (easy enough to DIY)
I think this is the best definition so far as it covers everything from my normal chilli omelette or bacon and egg fried rice all the way to that once a month treat.
Yes but it will add to the running costs. Mine needs to warm up and then run at a little over 3000 rpm for 30 mins to go through the re-gen cycle. I need to do this every 3 or 4 months as I generally don't go above 2000rpm (Years of driving a land rover defenders and getting 35mpg+ out of them)
? Very cooked and very breakfasty?
The thing is about us Brits is we subjugated everyone what ever their race was.
TBH he wasn't that lite as far as capitalist policy goes.
You have to remember that this is also the same population that brought you Brexit and a series of Tory political wins. Common sense and self preservation seem to be missing from many of them.
Same here. We have already got complaints of litter build up on some of the beaches and on the moors down here in Cornwall and as you say, once you are in side a supermarket it's all barging and squeezing through gaps.
Loads - professional outdoor pursuits instructor. Daughter has just done GCSE astronomy. I think I enjoyed it as much as her TBH.
Bit late though if something like 200 kids have already taken it home to infect their families with - that's going to be a weeks work at least for some poor track n tracer to sort out, especially when the parents start infecting their co-workers as well.
It's all very superficial and lacks any sort of depth or insight really. I agree that she is perfectly pleasant and seems to mean well but there isn't much substance in the way she covers a lot of the stories. I always get a feeling that the whole thing has been dumbed down for "yooth" TV or something. On the other hand, at least shes covering the stories.
I think that's the overall strategy we have now. A scapegoat.
Don't forget that the party policy was to support apartheid South Africa.
Bollox. As someone who was around at the time it was very much not a mainstream view unless you were a radical young conservative from Oxford. Mandala was only perceived as a terrorist by South Africa and the Tory Government - hence all the songs in the charts going on about "free Nelson mandela", mass demonstrations in London and the whole British anti apartied movement. You could not be more wrong about this.
I never did subscribe to the fantasy that Brexit was going to be a wonderful economic cornucopia where people would be rushing to make trade deals with us plucky brits.
Agreed. People like Cameron who went off on their jollys at the expense of Botha were actively racist. Wearing a T-Shirt just singles you out as a knob. Actually doing something about it is a diffrent level of evil.
It will also be extremely interesting to see who votes against it.
As an entirely self created and preventable crisis (health, education housing etc) - I'm not sure it's the fault of immigrants though, and in this case it's our moral right to accept our own (ex) citizens into the country should they wish to come.
Fixed nearly all the niggley problems on the car - central locking, door open warning lights, fuel flap locker and a few other bits and bobs done. Mechanical door stay to when I get an ebay bit.
There were a couple of these moths shagging on a post it note under my screens in the office this morning. I don't think I have seen these before. Very pretty.
I have been laying bricks in a similar fashion for years - but you try telling building control that it's meant to look like that.
But at least we are leading something!
And in turn the protests are being over reported to deflect from the governments 60k or what ever of unnecessary Corvid-19 deaths, which I guess in turn is deflecting from Brexit and selling the UK out to the US.
We had a Tory goverment then as well. Funny how these things keep repeating themselfs.
Not so much a confession but an admission that I'm enjoying the lock down far to much to want it to end. Long may it last.
I think we can all agree at this point that the pandemic and all it's knock on effects have been / still are exasperated massively by 10 years of Tory policy though. By way of example, many other countries seemed to cope quite well in comparison.
No other country in the world has squash. Yeah they have sugar laden syrups you mix with water and other stuff like that but plain old orange squash? Na. Edit. OK, apart from Australia, Pakistan, India and Bangladesh, although the stuff I have bought in India and Pakistan seems more like the French / North African sugar laden syrup stuff that tastes of cheap perfume and is not something I would put in the same genus as squash - eg Marmite and Vegemite, although very different things are similar.
Wife is teacher (secondary) and we have more or less given up. If we can get the little ones to do a topic a day, it's a win.
We could manage to send English kids to Scotland, Wales or Cornwall though?
I stand corrected, however I'm not going to spend the next day wading though that lot to see if there is anything peer reviewed or doesn't use the words potentially and apparently all over their summaries like they did with all the follow on hydroxychloroquine studies that were published.
My garden?
As someone who doesn't frequent the politically right side of the web, I just took it that you were being an arse hole.
Yes. Its kinda the quintessential American company, no?
Historical: UK government fucked up Corona Virus precautions from start to finish in order to mitigate blame for Brexit the following year.
Had a mid life crisis at 40ish and got normal employment, bought a house, got married, raised kids and all that kind of stuff. I think it was worth it although now in my 50's, I'm very much looking forward to having another crisis and fucking off to live in the bush in Mozambique as soon as I can make my kids leave home.
Vital question. How much are you doing yourself? All these are very DIY possible depending on how you go about doing the electrics and if you want a gas combi (gas will need to be installed by a corgi reg fitter rather than DIY for oil and then getting it commissioned by an OFTEC qualified engineer) Plumbing and fitting kitchens is well within the average persons ability although you might want to get a chippy in to cut your new work surface in the kitchen if it's anything other than a straight cut that goes against a wall. Damp. Is your radiator pressure going down all the time? If it is, a hidden leak could well be the source of your damp. If it stays static but the rads aren't working you might have a block that can be cured by flushing out the system and or balancing it properly. Treating the damp could be as bad as adding a damp proof course or "tanking" a wall to just letting it dry out when you have got rid of the water or adding some sealant round a window. I have damp bits in my old house that I just slap some gloss paint on and then cover with emulsion every couple of years. Plugs - add a spur from an original socket and you don't need it certified. Anything more and you do, but you can do the work yourself and gt it signed off. Costs will depend of where about in the country you are and how much you want to spend. If you are getting trades in to do the work, get as many quotes in as possible, look at their work in other places and ring up their references. Always get them to quote for materials separately and find out if they want you to supply anything for them (ie you buy the kitchen from Wicks, Magnet ect and they bill you for assembling it etc)
Not really - it's more standard business practice. Nations do this kind of stuff all the time.
I fear we will never be able to quantify this as the deaths will just end up as part of the overall count.
I think that we should all be aware of slavery - from pre-roman times where one tribe would enslave another tribe of Britons, through the middle ages, the industrial rape of Africa by Europeans and Arabs to supply markets in the Americas, Arabia and India all the way through to modern interpretations of slavery. It's wrong. I think we should not celebrate people like Colston who were involved with the slave trade. Learn about them, both good and bad aspects of their lives but not celibate them. Should we tear down their statues? Not really but it's a very harmless action that has a huge significance for those who feel that they celibate a historic wrong. The question we should be asking is why weren't these provocative symbols quietly removed years ago and that we had to revert to mob action to take them out of sight. I mean, we would remove swastikas sprayed on a wall because some people are offended by their meaning. Statues of slavers are no different really.
Still feel the same (bar some aches and pains) at 52 as I did at 21. I'd like to think I'm a little wiser but probably not.
In a weird state of irony, I'd happily go back to Africa for precisely the behaviour shown in this video. And I'm not black. I just lived and worked in various African countries for the last 30 years. This country disgusts me.
If they pay UK tax on all money earned in the UK - fine. If they avoid it via offshore companies or other avoidance schemes they can fuck right off.
To very fair, I don't think we ever lost the title did we? Maybe Blair's government did something to sort it out but that was more than overshadowed by destabilising the whole of the middle east on a whim.
To late. We only have a few months left. What ever rulings are made now they will just over turn.
For random members of the public, I would have thought he should have to skim a list with a short precis for 30 seconds. For someone with diplomatic immunity who is associated with another countries intelligence services he should have had a fucking sit down briefing with tea and biscuits.
Yeah.. I'm not convinced about this. The government has stopped nearly all funding for those with learning disabilities / mental health issues and they just aren't getting the support they need in the community. Unfortunately, the rest of us have to live with their electoral decisions.
If the British government can ignore it's weapons systems being used in the whole sale slaughter of civilians in Yemen and selling both crowd suppression and surveillance equipment to China, It's hardly going to think twice about selling a few bits and bobs to the US.
True this. I can strip down a 300Tdi land rover engine, transmission and gear box into tiny bits in the middle of the African bush and rebuild it from memory to get it working again with 3 spanners, a pair of mole grips and a lump hammer. I can fashion parts out of tin cans and gaskets out of cereal boxes and pva glue. I have restarted rolled 4x4 in the Sahara and DAF trucks that have been fully submerged in Congolese rivers for several days. Can I get my 2 stroke Mountfeild mower going after just sitting for a couple of months over the winter? Can I fuck.
Following on from the link and very much as an aside, I grew up all over Africa in the 1970's and early 80's and Roberston’s Jam, complete with original style branding was ubiquitous across the continent. Did consumers see the branding as the last stamping of a racist and colonial British jackboot or did they just see it as another brand like OMO washing powered that "Washed whiter than white" and always had a smiling African house wife holding up a white shirt? TBH, I think was more seen as a mark of quality at the time as far as Jams went and I'm not sure anyone found it offensive, because it didn't have an offensive meaning to Africans at the time. Interpretations change in time I guess (maybe people become more aware of veiled nuance?) but in my head at least, the whole Robinson's logo thing is an evolving linguistic one - the old colonial army term of wog (westernised oriental gentleman) be contained in any word or name isn't good anymore and has become a derogatory term - rather than a visual affront of a cartoon black person - many of which can be seen all over Africa as part of brands, cartoons, informational leaflets etc. If you were western you might have an idea about how offensive gollywogs have become ([Originally a fictional character created by Florence Kate Upton that appears in children's books in the late 19th century and usually depicted as a type of rag doll](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golliwog#:~:text=The%20golliwog%2C%20golliwogg%20or%20golly,a%20type%20of%20rag%20doll.)) but to the rest of the world outside the west, it's simply a doll or a cartoon brand. Anyway, as a cracker white imperialist honky - I'm happy to go along with what other people might think as I'm not the one who is going to be offended by it.
It was more the Russians though. Can we have a statue of Stalin instead?
That's not an agenda - that's a strategy to implement an agenda at best. What is the agenda that it fits?
I'm quite sure Johnson will end the protests with 'deliberate and calculated violence' rather than address any of the issues the protesters wish to challenge.
Latvians seem OK. I'm sure there are some horrid ones just like every other nationality but the ones I have met have been fine. Good vodka drinkers though.
So does this mean ducks (obviously in moderation) are ok now? I miss the ducks. Edit - Sadly apparently not.
True. 10 ten years into this house and I'm still getting round to putting skirting boards in. I mean, the gap between the plaster and floor boards has uniformly filled up with old dog hair and kiddy detritus all the way round the house so whats the point?
Only by the governments they keep electing.
No. It could have been better. There is however a difference between doing OK and free falling into a social and economic abyss. At least under labour we had hope that things would get better, which for the majority of people in the country they did. Now? I feel there isn't even that any more, which is one of the reasons why it's falling apart so quickly.
Given you are still alive, why do you have pride in something you so obviously had absolutely nothing to do with? It's history. It's got nothing to do with you or the accidental location of your birth. Why would you feel pride in an abstract concept?
It depends entirely what the beer is, but generally no - it's fair game. I used to organise the camping at various music festivals years ago and if I didn't come hove with a van full of booze, drugs and "interesting" things after the litter pick it would be classed as a failure.
TBH, I don't see why this couldn't be a compulsory part of our history lessons. It (the black slavery bit) is after all a short but incredibly important part of our history and a major building block for the British Empire and subsequent wealth. It would fit easily into the curriculum and fill a hole between the Tudors and WW1.
TBH, why would you continue to run a business like a car plant in the UK after Brexit?
No. I have never refereed to myself as English. I generally only describe myself as British if people don't know where Wales is
&gt;[Over 77% of households in Great Britain have a car and because car-owning households tend to have more than one person \(most noncar owning households are single person households\) the number of people with access to a car in the house is 81% of the total population.](https://www.racfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/car-ownership-in-great-britain-leibling-171008-report.pdf) Just 19% of people on public transport is more than feasible. (I was interested to see how many people wont be able to go on holiday so looked it up)
Hmm... Just Tory things I guess :(
Johnson lies. Why would be believe him now?
Please Westminster, can you invest in Cornwall like what the EU did so we don't have to rely on tourism anymore?
OK? Is it hell! For £75 at it's cheapest I want something that's going to last more than one trip away in 10 years.
Guess the magic money tree is in bloom late this year.
Maybe he thinks he is? Or one of his buses...
The old style 50 page hard back ones were reasonably tough though. Mine survived all sorts of horrors including being dropped into a West African drain by a Senegalese customs official and then dried out next to an open fire. It didn't even go very crinkly.
I'm sure you could still rent it out for more than £1800 a week if it's inside the M25.
£120 for 2 adults and 4 kids (aged 7 to 17 s more like 4 adults and 2 kids?)
I bet he does have a lovely yacht. There is a lot of money to be made in the suffering of others. I would say I hope he can live with how he made enough money to buy and run it, but I have found people who profit from the arms trade generally don't have enough emotional intelligence or moral aptitude to make the link between their job and it's consequences.
Drama as drama should be done.
Make sure you are about when they start and casually mention to everyone that the whole place is riddled with Asbestos. Should give you a few days of respite whilst they look for it.
&gt;People didn’t see the benefits of the E.U. because they mostly went to the rich. Rubbish. The poorest regions of the UK benefited from EU funding precisely because Westminster would not invest in it's own country. Freedom of movement? You don't have to be rich to go and work in the rest of the EU if that's where the better jobs are at that point in time. Brexit wasn't a vote against capitalism, at best it was a vote for deluded nationalism.
Ebeneezer Goode by The Shaman
&gt;and actually there are actors, both state and non-state that wish to disrupt our way of life. Most of whom voted Tory at the last election.
&gt;we can maintain the security of our country From whom? Which country is currently a credible threat to our nation &gt;promote British industry aboard Several billion quid is a very expensive way to do this. Maybe promoting larger and more attractive industries like construction or medicine might have a better result? I haven't seen a huge resurgence in British ship building sin the last few years. In fact most of the ship yards seem to be barely holding on by the skin of their teeth for the last few years. &gt; retain British jobs in highly skilled industries. Unless we keep churning out aircraft carriers, most of these jobs will be lost anyway. Better to re-train the work force into something more useful. Unfortunately the money that could have been spent on training has already been spent so I guess that was kinda short sighted.
Come on, do you honestly think any of them are a credible threat to the fabric of the UK? Do you honestly think we would engage in a military action Russia, Iran or China even if they did? As for ISIS (do they still even exist outside some tiny enclaves in whats left of Libya and Syria?), we have already failed in our wars in the Middle East and Afghanistan and I don't think our lack of blue water projected force at the time had very much to do with why we failed so badly. Seriously, the biggest threat to life in the UK at the moment is completely home grown.
The problem is that it's almost impossible to classify something a "no risk" so it becomes a debate about how much risk is acceptable. Potentially there might be other factors at play, such as having an effective alarm and sprinkler system that would mitigate the risk to a level where it is acceptable? (NB I'm guessing here as I don't know very much about it)
So the catastrophic spread of the fire was simply down to construction error / inspection oversights rather than the cladding itself? (I really need to read up on all this)
One of the main reasons why we are keeping R below 1 is because schools aren't generally open and people *should* still be distancing. It's also based on data that is several weeks old so doesn't accurately predict what's happened in the last fortnight as restrictions have loosened and people have given up on self isolating. The data from primary schools opening will only just be starting to be noticed in the stats. The other thing about the R below 1 challenge is it's not in anyway granular enough to be very useful. You can have a low overall R number for a region like the SW, but in the town next door infections are going through the roof because a couple of people brought the infection in. Pockets of infection will move through communities and locally give high readings that don't show up as a spike on a larger scale. I guess the importance of all this it depends on if you wish to work on eradicating the virus through low infection or just stop hospitals being overwhelmed when everybody catches it at the same time.
It's a close second I'll give you that but so far the blame has to go to the people who voted for it. Brexit is an impossible situation to get right for the government. Any government. What ever they do it will fuck the country. Granted some ways will be worse than others but even the EU said before the referendum we would come out of this badly - and they hold all the strings.
&gt; [by the time primary schools reopened, \[In Denmark\] the pandemic was already under control, with 200 people being treated in intensive care with coronavirus – about 3.5 for every 100,000 citizens.](https://www.theguardian.com/education/2020/may/17/denmark-can-teach-england-safe-reopening-of-schools-covid-19) The differences between the UK and Denmark are like chalk and cheese. Denmark is testing everyone. They started this program at the start of April. The whole population. We are not even sure how many tests have been completed or the number of people tested. When they do test positive, we seem unable to trace those that have been in contact with someone who is infected. Corvid-19 is under control in Denmark with less than 200 cases a day (this was in Mid May). We are still, a month later, hitting over that number in deaths and not just new cases. Denmark has 103.49 deaths per million and we have 636.02 per million and growing. Think about that in terms of how effective our control of the virus has been. For every person who has died in Denmark - 6 have died in the UK. The virus is not under control here yet. Denmark has a tradition of outdoor learning in primary aged education and to some extent is already set up to run extended "forest schools" and the like in large outdoor spaces. You know what British primary schools are like. They are built so different from the Danish model it's not something they can even aspire to. The corridors in the school I work at are only 1.5m wide. I know I because I measured them when completing the Corvid-19 risk assessment. If the safe distance is reduced to a meter - we can fit half a class in a classroom at a time. Currently we are OK at 2 meters because of 70% of parents (including the Head and myself who both have kids at the school) are not attending. [Can children transmit the new coronavirus to other people?](https://fullfact.org/health/covid-19-in-children/) Well it's thought that they do but to a lesser extent than adults. How much less - nobody knows yet. &gt;Dr Munro writes that it is “impossible to tell at the moment” how infectious a child is once they have the new coronavirus because there are no “direct experiments comparing exposure to an infected child to exposure to an infected adult”. This was published in Mid May and seems to be the most recent information available.
Great. So I'm now debating whether the very large porch I built a few years ago might not actually be a small conservatory but an orangery...
"Free Speech"? We don't have free speech in the UK. We never have had. Are you confusing the UK with a different country? Do you know which country you are living in?
TBH, my sympathy does get a little stretched if refugees commit violent crimes after being accepted into the UK.
As an over 50, and Schadenfreude is about the only thing that's keeping me going at the moment. It's not constructive, and it's not right, but boy does it feel good. I'm honestly looking forward to next year when the world will really start to burn.
You are right, however you can't have any internet points if you ask for them in whinny voice.
Self harm. It's a classic reaction to systematic abuse and way to deal with emotional pain, intense anger and frustration.
Is river wall building a thing in Devon? Across the border here in Cornwall we have evolved to bridges and weirs and stuff for our river decorations. Kinda genuinely interested to know whats going on with the wall here.
Hmm - Personally I just see them as the infected and wish they would all stay away.
I have always found it interesting quite how far the UK will bend over to accommodate bigotry and hate, especially if it comes from Israel.
Cameron's legacy - Destabilising the top half of a continent and most of the Middle East whilst causing misery and suffering to millions. People still (rightly) hold Blair to account for his part in the Middle East, yet we seem to have conveniently forgotten about this aspect of Cameron's tenure.
As someone who grew up in southern Africa in the 70's and 80's and has spent a great deal of their adult life in the Middle East, I can assure you I know first hand both what apartheid is and what it looks like. I will condone any regime that systematically persecutes people for practising a minority religion or having a different ethnicity. However, your whataboutisum is irrelevant to this thread. We could go on all day about who is doing what to each other in different parts of the world. How the Christians are forcing Muslims to eat their children in Tchad and CAR, and have displaced over half a million people who have have been forced to flee their homes. The more well known plight of the Uighur and the Rohingya, or the Kurds or the Yazidis in Iraq could also be brought into a whatabout, tit for tat conversation. The list is fairly endless. They are however separate subjects.
We are over the worst of it for the time being, although we are still measuring excess deaths in multiples of Hillsborough and Grenfell Tower disasters every day.
It's about switching the focus from (at a wild guess) failures in mental heath provision and security services monitoring.
Ahh... I thought this was going to be an article about Johnson's very obvious mental illness that leaves him utterly unfit to lead the country rather than his slightly chaotic and bombastic leadership style.
And lets call on the Christians to stop forcing Muslims to eat their children, Buddists to stop burn in Muslims out of their homes and villages and the Chines stop stop doing what ever the hell they are doing to Muslims in their concentration camps, the Muslims to stop murdering and abducting Christians in Nigeria and Cameron. It's whataboutism mate. The discussion isn't about how some parts of the Muslim world are treating non-Muslims or how Christians are treating Muslims or how the Dogun Animists are doing what ever they do to each other and everybody else - it's a discussion about Israeli politics. If you want to start different thread about other stuff - feel free. Message me and I'll happily join in.
The both the Romans and the Saxons first massacred the Celts then the Normans and later the English did the same, and spent the last 900 years trying to eradicate the culture and the language when that didn't work. It's irrelevant though. Pure whataboutisum
&gt; I can only imagine the reception if a newspaper tried to argue there was no benefit in doing that. Yeah, you do have a point there, however I would also argue that they are more mental health rather than terrorism issues and whether they are members of "white nazis are best" or Jihadies r us" is almost irreverent. You are right though, the press would have a field day and extremists on the other side of the coin would get very excited.
Because it fits a better narrative if it's ~~excused~~ explained as religious based terror attack. Edit: Used the wrong word - see below
Great idea for a sub. Here's my story and how I went about it. I bought a derelict 12 years ago which is more or less in the same category as it wasn't mortgagable and I had to remove everything apart from 3 walls to get it habitable again. In retrospect I should have just flattened the thing from scratch and rebuilt from the ground up. However, this made my planning application much easier as I was "repairing" rather than "building". The hardest thing will be to find a plot. If its cheap it won't have planning and if it's got outline planning it will be expensive. Buy the plot. I had been flipping houses (buying cheap houses and doing them up) for years so had a enough equity to buy the plot out right and put a caravan on it to live in. Once you have the plot, get planning sorted out. This will take at least 6 weeks and probably 18 (1 application and 2 subsequent amendments). It might be a good idea to get an architect to put the plans together although you can do this yourself. You can have "informal" chats with the planning officers so be nice to them, find out what you can and can't do and follow their advice. I got to know them fairly well and that probably helped in the application as everyone knew who I was and what I was doing ect. At the same time start applying for self build mortgages. These work by lending you money when you hit pre-arranged milestones in the build and in my case used the plot as security. The milestones are generally linked in with passing building control inspections (make friends with these people as well - pick their brains for advice) at various stages. Once completed, pay off the self build mortgage, which will be eye-wateringly expensive with a normal people 25 year mortgage or what ever. I did everything myself apart from the original architects drawings and and plastering. Things that need "professional" input (electric + heating ect) can be done by finding someone who will let you do the work and then sign it off for you) Building isn't difficult and there are loads of youtube vids to help you. It took me a year of solid 12 hour days, 7 days a week graft. I spent £150k on a half acre plot with a derelict bungalow on it and £75k on materials, loans and fees. My new house has been valued at between £270 - £325k for which I now have a £100k mortgage on (the additional £25k was to pay off the credit cards I had been living on for a year and a very expensive 6 week holiday for the family to Namibia because I made them live in a tiny caravan without electric and water and eat porridge for a year) Don't under estimate the strain of all this on a relationship - ultimately it cost me my marriage (she divorced me after the holiday) but I have ended up with an amazing new house and now an amazing new wife. I have also found I really enjoy building stuff as well. My take on self build is that anyone can do it - it just takes a lot of commitment, graft and the ability not to worry about stuff it it all goes wrong.
I'd have a go with some Nitromors (chemical paint remover) after giving it a good scrape and a sand. Just brush it on, wait 30 mins and scrape then wash the goo off. If you are tanking it - I would question why you need to get the bricks clean and not just get the lose stuff off?
What is your definition of social mobility? Easy access to wealth, power and hanging out with rich people at the golf club or dose it go much deeper - something that involves generations of people networking at universities and within organisations that will give you an artificial leg up way beyond your abilities because you went to school with their mates son and you have the right accent (and automatically you're perceived to be the right sort of person)? I don't think you can solve that sort of nepotism as it transcends both class and colour.
That's generally a mark of quality!
Good day for the beach. I've been stuck indoors for the last 12 hours putting plasterboard up because I'm panicking that work are going to want me back in soon now the big holiday is coming to close :( Edit: Who the hell up voted this - you sadistic twats!!
&gt; cause they don't bang on about how they're special or better than you cause they were homeschooled Yeah, with out doubt. Steiner though seems to take the biscuit here for alternative education - the utter twats that system turns out...^^although ^^I'm ^^sure ^^the ^^same ^^caveat ^^applies ^^there ^^too...
You have known this weird bloke for a few months, moved your family in with him and he keels over at the point you decide to bind your lives together? TBH, I'd question stuff...
&gt; suggests licking door handles as a form of socially distanced exercise. Reception and Y1 in primary schools?
Out-of-work = poor so why would the Torys or their supporters give a toss?
Cornwall is starting to fill up with The Infected as well. Steady stream of roof boxes heading west on the A30 today. No way I'm going near the coast.
&gt;I think it goes too close to the idea that the Jews are behind everything Rubbish. I bought a baby gate that was made in Israel from Amazon. It was cheap crap. I left a public review saying it was crap. Is this buying into an antisemitic conspiracy theory too? Edit: I guess the down vote proves it was. Down with apartheid Zionist baby gate makers!
I think it's ok. I mean, I'm hardly going to criticise anyone for making an effort to speak properly and not use US accent. Just remember it's tWat not twOt that's all. Joking aside, it's quite difficult to understand half the British accents anyway and there are so many different turns of phrases we don't know what half of them mean. My favourite one at the moment is mardy git - meaning some one is cross or irritated - from maybe Derbyshire? No one in Cornwall 300 miles to the south seems to know what it means.
Haha... My kids are too old and all look very Celtic - apart from the youngest who looks distinctly Armenian. I got the thing to put across the back door to keep the dog in (only she has learnt to just hop over it) in the hot weather and the door is open. No way I would put it the top of the stairs - it's far too flimsy for that.
They are. There is a thing going round social media about resigning membership, which my wife was talking about yesterday. She will probably still vote for them but in the short term she isn't supporting anymore as she thinks Starmer is a slimy Blair like lizard person.
Saving this as I could do with the £50. Right. Are there any rules attached? IE are we talking a fresh whole chicken or can it be any US produced mechanically reclaimed meat predominantly from chickens? My guess is that as long as it's some sort of chicken that's been imported from the US it's OK as due to their hygiene standards, all their chicken used for human consumption is legally is required to be chlorinated. My guess is that as the US is complaining about labelling, we are not going to find chicken products with "now with added chlorine" or "made in the USA" on them - what kind of supply chain proof will you require?
That's just another way of saying Brexit or no Brexit though. The lowering of food standards is generally acknowledged as one of the things that comes as part of the Brexit package. If you start to list all the things that will be effected by a binary question people would give up before they got to the 5000th bullet point that is "food", and they would never make it through to the question of lowing food standards.
I spend a great deal of time at the beach (surfing, dog walking, hanging out) and avoid it like the plague during hot weather because it pulls in too many people and wrecks the experience. October or May are the best months because the weather is nice and the crowds of Brumies and Londoners have returned north back to their urban hell. Love cold but sunny winters days when the beach is deserted with an afternoon BBQ too. These actually might be the best days. July and August though? No chance. That's just grim all round.
Ha. Well you can't now can you. You voted for this shit, and the Tories - you can live with the consequences of your actions.
So.. just how do you propose we join the EU after the negotiating period is over?
It's time to ban English as a bilingual official language of the country. Welsh should the primary language. There is no need to pander to the connivance of the English anymore.
&gt;It's if those changes feel imposed or artificial that it becomes a problem in my opinion. That's just the point. They are changes that are imposed and artificial. The Welsh language was virtually eradicated by the English, and fairly recently too. I can remember my Granny telling me stories about how she and her friends were punished at school for speaking Welsh in the 1930's because the English school teacher didn't like it.
Long term heavy smoker turned vaper. Now vaped for about 8 years. I moved from 30 years or so of smoking rollies to a vape for health reasons. I have a few puffs every now and again fairly constantly through out the day. I'm not sure how this equates to cigs smoked but I get through 10ml of liquid every day and a half. I can't really equate to the fags as I don't don't smoke the vape anywhere near as intensely, but I do smoke it more frequently. Nicotine wise I'm not sure as I put about 10ml of 16% in a 100ml mix (it's all very rough and ready and I make my own extra strong menthol mix) I make my own menthol mixes up from scratch with menthol crystals which seems to work out at than 50p per 10ml. I have been doing this for a year now and haven't got though my first lot of ingredients yet - as I said its all very rough and ready.
Windowlean. Cleans windows, land rover engines, kitchens and bathrooms. Best non damaging cleaner of greasy things I have found.
I'm going with a "Somalia deal" as it's more descriptive of the type of deal we will end up with and the type of countries who will be prepared to negotiate with us.
I guess it's the lack of media focus I was referring to. We very rarely get to hear of what goes on over there these days.
I see members of conservative party involved with piracy all the time - they just do it legally in a boardroom these days.
Doesn't that depend entirely on the period of the wave? If cases go back up to a thousand a day over the next few weeks, it's going to look like a second wave
So if there are 24,323 schools in the UK that means we each get £~~4,111.33~~ 41,113 extra. ~~Umm.... no a practical note I can at least get some more plywood to nail over the existing holes in the roof with that. It will be nice to upgrade the tarpaulin.~~ After finding the lost zero, yes I can do a little bit with that if we were to get it all at once. The entire school needs re-roofing and re-glazing so in terms of bringing it up to a safe standard not "good" not "satisfactory" but "safe", We need about at least £600k spent on the building. The only good thing about this is that with any luck I can get the cash ring fenced in the budget so that it's not used to pay for teaching staff (£4k is a part time TA for a couple of terms) The sad thing is that this applies to just about all schools in the country - not just mine. It's not a unique situation. Edit: bad maths - dropped a zero
It might be negligible (although some kids do get ill and die) but it's a much larger risk for families and those who work in education and their families. Miss out on a bit of school or risk being dead / responsible for killing granny? I can see that being a question some people would ask. The set back to educational and social development in the short term is fairly negligible but that depends entirely on if you listen to the DofE or educational professionals. Personally I'm sending mine back in September but have held them out of school so far. Interestingly, the head teacher at the school I work for is doing the same.
&gt; I'm a school surveyor Is this role part of the DofE estates? The reason I ask is that I'm a facilities manager at a primary school and I don't think we have ever had a surveyor round. Our MAT though might not be large enough to warrant it as a specific role, preferring to make us from the trenches fight the finance office and the governors. I agree with everything you say though, and all these issues as you say come to a head when a contractor replies to a tender. Getting stuff done in education is very expensive.
School starting age in Sweden and Finland is 7 (depending on where your birthday is and negotiable to 8) and they arguably have much better academic results despite being 2 years behind us. There is loads of evidence behind this eg: [Too much, too young: Should schooling start at age 7?](https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22029435-000-too-much-too-young-should-schooling-start-at-age-7/) As to whether missing a term or so of primary school is actually detrimental in the long term? I think that's probably fairly anecdotal, so I guess it would be hard to apply academic evidence in order to quantify potential outcomes. To turn the question round, what makes you think it would be detrimental?
8 or 9. I gave up worrying about stuff years ago. Maybe I never did. I'm happy though.
Back in the day we always used to hire and pay for a skip and hand out bin bags to anyone left the next morning. Unfortunately we were often chased away by the police before we could clear the site.
Using that definition we haven't been a hard power since the end of the second world war. TBH, I don't think we have been any sort of power since the end of the second world war.
&gt; the armed forces very much have not been sitting around since World War 2 I'm not disputing that in any way. The litany of disasters from Korea and Suez all the way through to Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya in both geographical and historical context has been outstanding. As for being peaceful, [According to Wikipedia we have been in 39 conflicts since 1947](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars_involving_the_United_Kingdom). (This seems a bit light as I can think of at least a dozen more in West and Southern Africa we were involved with - and in some cases still are) I might be looking at this the wrong way, but if we did not militarily feel the need to flex our muscles, we would have been involved with maybe just the Falklands, no?
Not at all. We have no hard power because just about anybody is prepared to have a go at us (eg Argentina FFS), we generally don't win or succeeded in the aims of our engagements and nobody listens to us anyway. We have one of the best trained military's in the world yet they are lead by incompetent politicians who still believe that "winning" something involves hitting it repeatedly with a big stick. For an example, look at the US and bare in mind we are quite insignificant compared to them. Very frighting to be on the receiving end of their military but increasingly other countries are only interested what economic damage they might cause rather than being bombed back to stone age because of some weird little dick syndrome. Iran, N.Korea and the South China Seas as an example.
