It is the culture we live in. Money is more important than anything. Everyone is hoarding for tomorrow and not living in now. The perfect example of this is Mr Wonderful. He's worried about making more and more money.. but when will he be satisfied? Better yet, does he know that he can't keep it? That said I am trying to get assets that will help pay for me to live comfortably until UBI is a thing.. UBI pretty much exists in it's own way for rich people.. All they do is sit there while their Black Lotuses and paintings pay them just to hold them.
He's giving 32 packs! Who knows how many cards are in the packs or who would want those crusty cards.
These are not up for debate as you do not hold a candle to Lao Tze, nor does Mr Wonderful. Wealth and Greed Not valuing wealth prevents theft. [Tao Te Ching chapter 3] Keeping plenty of gold and jade in the palace makes no one able to defend it. [Tao Te Ching chapter 9] Displaying riches and titles with pride brings about one’s downfall. [Tao Te Ching chapter 9] Searching for precious goods leads astray. [Tao Te Ching chapter 12] Abandon cleverness, discard profit, and thieves and robbers will disappear. [Tao Te Ching chapter 19] Those who know when they have enough are rich. [Tao Te Ching chapter 33] Gain or loss, what is worse? [Tao Te Ching chapter 44] Greed is costly. Assembled fortunes are lost. [Tao Te Ching chapter 44] There is no greater misfortune than greed. [Tao Te Ching chapter 46] When the palace is magnificent, the fields are filled with weeds, and the granaries are empty. [Tao Te Ching chapter 53] Some have lavish garments, carry sharp swords, and feast on food and drink. They possess more than they can spend. This is called the vanity of robbers. It is certainly not the Way. [Tao Te Ching chapter 53] People starve. The rulers consume too much with their taxes. That is why people starve. [Tao Te Ching chapter 75] Heaven’s Way is like stretching a bow. The high is lowered and the low is raised. Excess is reduced and deficiency is replenished. Heaven’s Way reduces excess and replenishes deficiency. People’s Way is not so. They reduce the deficient and supply the excessive. [Tao Te Ching chapter 77] Who has excess and supplies the world? Only the one who follows the Way. [Tao Te Ching chapter 77] The virtuous carry out the settlement, but those without virtue pursue their claims. [Tao Te Ching chapter 79] The sage does not hoard. The more he does for others, the more he has. The more he thereby gives to others, the ever more he gets. [Tao Te Ching chapter 81]
I am the teacher in this situation. You don't have to listen, but it may be wise to. Sadly, I am urging you to look up facts and study some philosophy, but you'd rather talk about someone coming on strong.. Sad but also funny.. Wtf are you talking about, not being greedy has nothing to do with communism. Communism is state run, I don't know where you got that idea from but it wasn't me.
You are clueless and you are rambling and trying to spin things because your original points got shattered. I am having fun calling you out on your bullshit. *You don't even know what you are arguing about and don't even understand my points.* This is very evident. You have a long way to go little one.
They have to let people know that they will care about this.
My buddy watches Jeopardy and then the news comes on at 4. Every news story is negative that they start off with, and a couple of days ago the first 7 stories were negative before I turned it off. I liked being moved to tears every day and to see positive things. How hard is it to find good people like this and to have the media help people help other people? This one is great because it brings them in touch with nature while also helping nature.
If the latter ends up being true(I'm not a scout and won't pretend to be). But if Cozens and Turcotte are on par with each other - or there is someone else, then there is no reason you wouldn't trade down to get another first rounder. Whoever we get I'm excited, but I'd love to trade down and still get a stud if possible, it is always the best bet.
I wish I could find the chart because these numbers I'm making up aren't correct, but it says something like 70-90 percent of first rounders make it pro. 2nd round was like 50-60%, 3rd 30-40 rest of the draft is like 10-20%. Like I said those numbers aren't correct. But basically if you are picking in the first round, it is almost a shoe-in that they at least play in the NHL(which I am only a fan and I know how hard it is to even get that far)... And a better chance that they are very good.
It sounds like your injury might be affecting you and might not be healed up correctly. Do you experience tightness where the injury happened, or have some part of your body that is telling you that it isn't healed correctly? I've had to spend over a year of physical therapy, stretching, working out, and using a foam roller from injuries I never fixed as a kid. Basically when I was teen, out of nowhere I started having stress all the time and all the pressure was in my neck and made me nauseous.. Little did I know it was caused from this one guy who speared me in the back while I was relaxed/not paying attention. 15+ years ago I realized that my nausea and that injury were connected.. I never thought an injury on the small of my back would cause me nausea.. I also thought I had to live with the back pain, but you don't. Unfortunately, sitting here my lower back hurts and I still have a little nausea. However, It's improved drastically over the last year and I think I am finally getting to those injuries sustained over the last 15 years removed so I am finally able to target the source of the injuries and fix them. Also got rear ended by some dude not paying attention and that fucked up my upper back.
Crossfit might be what you are looking for. Them dudes are strong and throw around heavy weight. I was skeptical, but when you train at B&amp;B they make you do it every day and aside from the weird pull ups(which you don't have to do it that way) it is pretty sweet. Obviously Seth Swears by it. Even switching to it for a year then going back to regular lifting would benefit you.
Doing something like this has to be rewarding. Hope you do, good luck either way!
This is what I am wondering.. Either Mirage is severely overpriced and Weatherlight + Visions are underpriced.. Visions has a $30 higher EV than Mirage. EVmid: $230.99 Mirage $950-1100 Cardkingdom: $1199 EVmid: $264.44 Visions $600-700 Cardkingdom: $649 EVmid: $192.97 Weatherlight $500-570 Cardkingdom: $679 ---- I honestly don't see Mirage going down much and would be more inclined to believe that Visions will catch it. Weatherlight is more expensive than Visions on CK for some reason. Honestly, Visions on CK might be the cheapest place you are going to get Visions.. That is shocking. --- It seems like Weatherlight at $500(Ebay) and Visions at $650 have room for growth.. Especially considering people are paying $260 for Fallen Empires.. You can literally make $20 off of using store credit if you buy Weatherlight on Ebay. No risk and nice possible return..
Anyone have comments on why? I was lucky enough to pick one up since I was able to get it at almost buylist price with an Ebay deal. Was the only box I found that had an auction ending.
A 0.000001% chance - probably way short on zeroes. There would have to be a weird/cult following/weird phenomena where everyone decides to play Fallen Empires cards, most likely it would have to be through a joke. Obviously, it will some day, but inflation will be a huge reason why along with at least a decade.
Eat more food and work out more. No other way around it other than steriods,etc. The healthier you can eat the better.. But the main thing is you need a legit workout regimine and to eat as much as the people that are the weight you are trying to accomplish.. You can probably find someone jacked and ask them.. A lot of them keep track of their food intake to a T. 200 pounds might take you a year at 6 ft if you try hard enough. I'm not sure exactly how long, but it doesn't just happen over night.
If there weren't other sets there with value from that it would be a different story. We are all going to be filthy rich if Fallen Empires are that much.. It is already scary high..
Well, War of the Spark is still being printed, so with that being said you might as well crack it now as it won't see any major value increases until it is out of print. Set EV(estimated value) is around $109, so if that is around what you paid this is when the cards will have more value. The cards value will go down for sure, so if you want to sell some that might be a good idea. In my opinion - I think there are plenty of MTG cards and booster boxes that will do better than most stocks. I don't play anymore. I did was a kid. I randomly looked at my collection over a year ago now and the just got consumed with learning about all of the new sets, etc. I'm in not process of sorting through hundreds of thousands of cards myself.
&gt; The only thing that would worry me is I know how addictive and fun digital MTG is... I worry that new paper cards may be less of a "thing" in the future.... Although the old cards will pretty much always be sought after for nostalgia alone. I've wondered about this too. I think it will be some variant game where people will play with their REAL cards in VR. And just like carrying a Sweet ass Rare sword in the game, instead he person has a black lotus, and other people will drool. I think the Ultimate team up would be MTG and Final Fantasy - basically incorporate MTG as the card game rather than card games like they had in FF8+9. Keep in mind that I do NOT play and have been consumed with buying cards/boxes for over a year now. I have no desire to do anything digital(other than crypto which is the best investment in my opinion). I am not buying any cards at full value. And I look for the cheapest deals I can find, and I've got some nice ones.
It keeps people more interested in football and gets people to know other players outside of their team. It probably helps it.
That is still sub $20.
I am buying them specifically to make money/collect. And to this point if I sold out I would have def make money. I played when I was younger, but now I have a lot of fun just going through and collecting them and learning the sets. It's been a year and most of my investments have all done well in MTG. If I buylisted everything I'd profit, but I'd be stupid not to sell my expensive stuff on facebook. There is a good chance MTG becomes millions of people's income. Any game that people buy into this magnitude that will consume people's entire lives. &amp;#x200B; Instead of a Boxer, or a Steeler, or fishermen.. People will be considered WoWers and MTGers. Like it is in their identity.
It appears you just want to do what you want to do, no reason to come here and ask. &amp;#x200B; You're describing how you want to do what is essentially Crossfit, yet you "aren't a crossfit guy". Then you downvote me, lol..
People don't have common sense man, no worries.
This was one of the worst umped games I have ever seen.. I'd have to go back to baseball as a kid to see someone so bad and inconsistent.
I'm not sure.. I have one and I'm keeping it long term. The mess that happened was iconic and so many people that wanted it didn't get it. --- They hype has worn out as well and the price of all the masterpieces are dropping, but they'll ground out sooner or later.
People haven't been able to afford a black lotus.. It is not going down in value. You can't see it because redistribution of wealth is only happening slowly. Most MTG players will have plenty more wealth in 5-10 years. And most likely crypto is going to be heavily involved. MTG cards are going to be true wealth since all people are going to be able to do is play video games/have fun in the future.
Why did you have to make the red font? lol.. I immediately thought it was bad news.
It literally took me a whole minute to find both. Yeesh.
It is what color the links are. Either way you were right about how torturous that video was. I hate that specific Tru TV show.
Did you click it which changes the color? Or it could be because I'm using Old reddit.
All you do is pick 3 workouts to do together. Run 200m, 15 dead lifts, and 15 clean and jerks or something(just look online). Do that 3-5 times as fast as you can(workout should be 15-20 mins I think). Chart your progress and try to get a better with your times and increase weight. Or you can see how many times you can do it in 15-20 minutes. Chart how far you get and try to improve that way. Picking something up dropping it over your shoulder, incorporated with running is always a good one too.. --- I might join a Crossfit gym in the future if things line up that way, but I'd rather just go to the gym and do my own thing for the most part.. However, I do use that formula that I described above and will continue to.
I was able to play through my injuries until I was 30(other sports). Since then I've been digging myself out of that hole for over 2 years so I can wrestle again. Very good lesson as always Coach Jerry.
Articles said Avs were taking Dach if we didn't.
His projection is starting as a 3rd line center and projects to be a 1st line center according to scouts.. And has been compared to some all time greats.
He's a projected #1 center. He'll be taking Toews job when the time comes.
4-5 top cards showing in key positions. Avoid for sure.
It is an Alan Watts quote. Basically it means that Atheists are very religious.
Yeah, Tim Anderson looks like he's going to have some time off. Could be as bad as not seeing him til next season.
If you need a situation where the bat needs to be put on the ball.. Looks like he might be a top option.
Are people leaving it in the tube?
You can't see a thing and can run someone or something over and not even know. This is a big reason why fishing is the most deadly sport, because of boating accidents.
There is boating, then there is fishing. You would have to say something like off-roading to compare to fishing. Driving a car is driving a car, cruising on a boat is cruising on a boat, fishing is fishing. And sadly lots of people die when they go fishing, specifically when boats are involved. --- Deadliest Catch ring a bell? Just one of the many ways fishermen die.. ---- Here is an example NFL players... Died fishing, not playing football. https://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/fatal-boat-accident-involving-nfl-players-marquis-cooper-corey-smith-caused-improper-anchoring-article-1.366690
Let's hope they stick to throwing and catching.
Honestly, I thought he was moved down already, but then I saw him playing still and was wondering why. I think a lot more people would have bet that he'd be gone by this week too(particularly because of all the moves and Jon Jay/Collins being way better options/utility).
Obviously you are not posing a serious question, but to answer anyway. No, I don't think anyone can defend the move down.. This means a best friend like Machado or Alonso himself. So for all you people in 9 years that want to bring up this moment as the reason Machado once again says no to the White Sox. This will not be a reason why.
You have to have a role for everyone on the roster, or what is the point? He gave Yonder all the chances in the world to snap out and didn't, in a season where we are not winning the world series. If he hit a hot streak we could have traded him(this would be a huge benefit to try to get him to snap out of it). Now, he's not worth anything.
If the system we are in creates this. Change the system. Everyone is a person and needs to be treated as such. Criminals are a symptom of the system.
No one said that. You made up that no one is personally responsible for their actions. I said that our system creates criminals and to further back up my point it does a great job at that. To pretend otherwise is delusion.
It starts by every leader reading and understanding the book the Tao the Ching. (check it out yourself, it is pretty awesome, even better with weed or if you can handle stronger than weed.. psychedelics) I'm being extremely serious about this too - no better source than this one. You can use it as a book for living or as a handbook to governing. Much like you can use the Art of War for business as well as war.
What do you throw in the lot? How much do they pay? Are they happy?
Yeah, maybe I'll do that. People are spending way too much on lots, it is absolutely nuts. I'm talking people are paying 4 times what I did last year for the same looking lots.
Let me watch you at your job and look over your shoulder all day. Better yet, I will critique everything. What is even better is that I probably know nothing about your job, so I can just act like I know what I am talking about like you do. Maybe your boss has you doing something a stupid way or bought a crappy tool that he is forcing you to use, even if you don't want to. But I wouldn't know or care or care that your boss told you to, I'd just insult you because I can. I don't know what it would solve or how it is productive, but this is exactly what you are doing.
We aren't winning shit this year and weren't winning shit with Dunn. IDK what complex you have to think that him not batting good matters at all, since we clearly aren't winning anything with or without him. It was simple. We tried to get him to catch fire and if he did he might have had some value in a trade. The only risk was that we had stooges like you who care too much for no reason. So yeah, no reason not to try to get him to catch fire, specifically considering our worst fans who don't understand the game/business are just negative.
David Montgomery might be a bigger steal this draft. He is filling Jordan Howard's role(which was non-existent in Nagy's offense), but is a much better pass catching option than the former. Hard to say he'll top RB2 status, but he may.
Yeah, I wouldn't consider it a steal at 4th(I was not aware of that info when I said this), but all signs point to the Bears using him and him excelling. It seems like an actual good spot for him to be drafted. Because it is hard to say for sure how he will work out, he does have a clear spot in the offense. I didn't want to sound too out there, but he may make it to RB1. Cohen and Montgomery should both be fantasy relevant. It just depends on how big of a step the Bears offense takes.. If they are a top 5 offense, they are going to be favorites for the Super Bowl, especially after last year they def had a good enough team to win it all.
It must be for reps. If we lose it doesn't matter, so I'm indifferent about it.
If he is, at least you aren't exactly feeding him to the wolves with the players he will be out there with. Toews was down a year wasn't he?
This is purely political and paints a narrative that both leaders are a success. As for OP and people that want Trump impeached. It is not happening - and if it does you will not have anything to do with it anyway, spend your energy on something positive.
Number 3 qbr last year. And had us moving on in the playoffs last year.. with at 12-4 record, with games lost because the coach can't keep track of things kid know about Madden. Check Drew Brees, check Bret favre's stats,. Check any HOFEr. Mitch had.a better season than any of them by their 4th/5th seadon
Andrew Yang is much closer to the center than even Trump, which is why he is so adored by people on both sides.
There are plenty of plans that do that. You are flirting with disaster and going against what this country was founded on by making a bigger gov't. This cannot be overlooked, even though it is.
Yang and Trump would be something to watch in the debates. I really hope it happens. The longer Yang is around the more our country benefits. Bernie and Biden have very little chance to win. I believe that Yang would most likely win. Bernie lost all the steam he had and probably could've beaten Trump over Hillary.
Stop watching TV. Everything is going well. I'm not saying he is a great president. I'm telling you facts and why he is going to win by a landslide if dems bring the same candidates.
Like it's Trumps fault he hasn't gotten a raise. My brothers just got one. And yes, Freedom dividend is the correct option. This will give the worker's leverage to get them raises.
Were the kids on the ATVs when you flipped them over!?! WTF man, thats awful. JK, Good job. Although it sounds like you could have gotten more since you sold them right away. No biggie though.
&gt; . Bernie has name recognition by now, his voting base will Bernie will get demolished. His voting base is hardcore liberals. That leaves the center and the right. It was less about his policies and more about F Hillary + establishment more than anything. Socialism and free everything isn't going to fly this time around, and that racism talk, if it happens will only solidify the conservatives.
I recently watched this and have implemented it at times, and it certainly made for a nicer conversation with someone that I was trying to get understand my point. Usually, it could end up turning into name-calling and getting nowhere.. With the above strategy, you, along with everyone else comes out looking good. And that is what we want. Mr Rogers, never shat on anyone, and Yang is following so many these similarities. Anyways, the hope is people will watch this and learn to help persuade people the right way when talking politics, and just life in general.
Some of the people they bring on are horrid - I thought the cable news channels were bad. Maybe it is to make themselves look better?
Yeah, honestly.. I watched several of their videos a couple of weeks ago and got sick of them as well.
I have a sneaking suspicion that you are right.
You are the worst.
I don't need any cards - I don't play, so your advice is not very good to me.
I'd have to disagree. You are talking about belief-systems(there is nothing to believe) and asking a strange question about the same realm, but splitting it up into literal and non-literal. It is very confusing. And you ask questions when you are confused, hence your question.
It is precise that you still don't get my point. Other people answered your question and I was pointing out flaws in your weird thinking. Those realms you are fixated on aren't meant to be taken seriously. Alan Watts words. I didn't care to directly answer your way to avoid my comments by deflecting with an even worse question, which was answered, if you were able to read between the lines on if he talked about those realm because what you are saying makes no sense. I never cared to answer your question about Alan Watts. I wanted to address how confused you are and how confusing you are making things. Deflect it how you want.
Actually I never commented on that and don't care to because it is moot to my point. He had stuff said after his question that I addressed, he is simply avoiding that and confusing himself more to find out about some realms that aren't meant to be taken seriously. He was talking about integrating beliefs. There is nothing to believe, so there is where my post starts.
You need to learn to accept everyone. Period. They are essentially you in a different life. They aren't in jail are they? Beliefs can change. The reasons why they are like that go deep, and the best way to change them is to treat them nicely.
&gt; e who is that termin You are the asshole here. Period. Please don't go spewing this hateful shit and tying your name to Yang. Bernie, sure that's his message - to blame others. You need to read the Tao Te Ching. Desperately. People vote for Trump because the Democrats needs to get their shit together, no other reason. Yang is their first real candidate and they might blow it with him.
You are just a hateful headcase then. Good luck. I really hope you learn to stop hating and to take a walk without thinking about politics.
&gt; So because I disagree intensely with your candidate I'm crazy? That is not what was said at all. You are being an asshole and being hateful for no reason. It is pathetic and makes you look like a jerk. You are making Bernie supporters look bad..
I accept you, and you are WAYY more crazy..
I'm pretty sure I know the answer to both.. And hopefully show him how absurd he is.. There are some kids getting in here posting hateful shit.. I'm not used to it, this place has been extremely positive and nice to everyone.
https://www.reddit.com/r/YangForPresidentHQ/comments/ekhp4o/im_a_trump_supporter_whos_yang_curious/fdcd1va/
Go to a different forum and preach this bullshit.
You have serious issues. Please get some help. And go to a forum that posts this hateful shit, this isn't Yang. Hopefully people like you can be reported, because honestly this forum has been a delight.
NO ONE CARES. OMG. You are literally the worst on the annoyance scale. What are you on that makes you keep spewing this bullshit? I've heard those arguments in 2016.... 2016. And you keep saying them. Bury it.
&gt;Yeah - who cares about sexual assault. I literally have to block you. You are NEVER, and I mean NEVER going to get anyone to listen to you. You are a annoying. You are talking about something that was argued in 2016 and NO ONE can do anything about. The DEMOCRATS candidates were and are SO BAD that people have to choose Trump. That's the issue. You are a nightmare. No one would want Bernie in, because people like you just don't get it. I am very clearly blocking you.
So enlightenment is commonly experienced. What that is the "aha" in knowing that you don't know anything - and you can never know. Knowing this results in Nirvana IE living in the moment(you do this all the time anyway, when you don't discus God, etc). So if you go to a Zen Buddhist - they tell you straight away that there is nothing to teach. So, if you stay and become a student, they are going to use methods to get you to realize it. This is what Watts teaches in a nutshell. And it is the way. Just keep listening. I never read his books, only listened, but either way. Alan Watts teaches about Buddhism, Daoism, and Hinduism. I recommend learning about them all, and learn how zen buddhism works - Alan Watts teaches it in his lectures. And they all point to a very practical form of "God" that you can can access yourself. They just have fun ways of looking at it, I really like Hinduism. -- Sorry if I came off like an asshole. I am trying to work on how to explain it to people, I never succeed, as I am not a Guru, but as I said.. It takes Buddhist Monks sometimes years, or lifetimes, to teach people. It's a really stupid game of It, as he says, but when you figure it out, no one can feed you bullshit anymore. Because you know no one knows anything.
&gt; Okay, but I don't think that gurus or Buddhist monks or teachings are necessary for this. That is exactly what they are saying themselves. it is exactly what Zen Buddhism is and teaches. As Alan Watts says. You don't need a religion, you're it. If you go to a teacher, you're fooling yourself(he even makes the joke about coming to him). So it is all about making in fun and letting people know that you kid(this is more stuff that Watts says). I don't have to tell you, I'm sure you can tell this is where cults form. When people exploit this and act like there is something there, when there clearly isn't. If you have questions that means you need teacher. The Zen master is just a teacher. So, I personally don't have any questions and never will when it comes to this conversation. After listening to Watts lectures over and over again. -- I can tell you are smarter than me. I just have a good idea when it comes to Watt's teachings specifically, which is incredible to me. Once again sorry for coming off like an ass, I'm bad at that.
What's wrong is the delusion you bring to the table.
I recommend checking the one out near you. You might end up finding out if wrestling isn't for you and save a ton of time and money in doing so.
It is funny how right the OP is and delusional you guys are. You guys are calling all those people deniers, but most people aren't denying anything, or what you are talking about. That is why he asked, what are you they denying.. You guys don't know. You just say this because they aren't voting for your candidate, it has nothing to do with fixing the planet.. WE ALL WANT THAT. The big issue is that Al Gore lied from the very beginning and it is very well known that Liberals exaggerate. You want to help the planet, go ahead. But shut up about it and get it out of politics and start doing something about it. Bitching at conservatives who don't buy hard into your agenda is not the right plan of action.
The issue is you. You think there is some huge group of deniers, when they just don't want to hear your shit. You pick out one thing that is happening, but welcomely ignore overfishing, starvation, overpopulation, the oceans full of plastic. Let's forget about all those so you can pretend to yourself how important you are because you are fighting over something that shouldn't be in politics in the first place. Fixing our planet is no a partisan issue and furthermore, picking a topic and using it for votes, is not the same thing as doing something about it. So yes, everyone agrees the world is important. Climate Change as it is today is only about votes and pretending that you are better than the other person because you have "better science". When it is clear the OP above is saying, do you know what they are denying? Nope. It's a nightmare that you guys do this. Get outside and do something about it, stop bugging conservatives and let them work on what they think is important as well.
This proves my point further. And holy crap do you need help. I am not "another one". I am telling you that you are a brainwashed moron that didn't understand the person who you linked's point. neither did the "climate scientist". You didn't even get my point and are calling me a denier.. Which once again shows how clueless you are and how this is simply about you and how smug you are being a supporter of the CC movement. You post that link to a LIBERAL site and get other LIBERALS to pat you on the back.. Why? I'll answer. You are shallow and unable to think for yourself. There was zero reason to post something so stupid and wrong, only to feed your ego and pretend that you care more than other people. Spolier you don't, in fact you are an asshole who is negative and doesn't accept other people. The OP that you said quityourbullshit to, has you so bad and you don't even know it. It is pathetic. I am not liberal or conservative. So don't pull that card. I care deeply about this planet and can see that you are nothing but a troll that wants people to like him for something that CLEARLY is used to get votes and has been exploited for profits. Climate Change is used for VOTES. We are already moving to renewable energy, climate change or not.. So shut up. You pretending you are part of your huge, radical group does nothing to help the planet. We are all doing our part.
Just because people aren't liberals doesn't mean they deny or don't. No one really knows how serious it is, or if it is serious as liberals claim(so far they have been VERY, HORRIBLY wrong with their predictions, please go rewatch an inconvenient truth) - they scared millions into believing with clearly skewed/wrong data, and Liberals prove time in and time out that they lie and skew data for their own gain. I want to be clear, according to Gore, Florida should be gone. The issue started the moment it became political and Al Gore lied and said Florida should be gone by now.. Everyone, including me, called bullshit.. And boy was he wrong. Terribly wrong. This is where the denial started, Liberal climate change is a joke. Our environment and taking care of it is not. You can't just lie and make up shit to get people to move your issue to the front of their docket. There is no right or wrong answer, and saying someone is a denier because they don't buy into crappily, biased science is even more crazy - let alone see a different path to curing the planet. Most just don't know and don't claim to, especially when liberals will clearly lie and release misinformation.. That doesn't make other deniers. it means they care about the planet, but aren't liberals, so they don't buy the liberal agenda. They also know saying you care about CC does nothing, and as mentioned it is purely a political tool in this sense.
Yes, the point comes from the original OP. And the fact that you guys blatantly ignore his fact.. What are they denying? Liberals get a kick out of calling everyone a denier. Everyone is different, and for the most part people just don't see it as something that should be in politics. People have a right to be skeptical of the gov't, especially when they clearly lie constantly/consistently. People just see CC as something that shouldn't be political and also know very well that liberals lie and skew data because they are so self-righteous they think it is okay, since they think they care about the planet more. This is a FACT that liberals do this. Think smoking - sure it is bad for you, but is it as bad as the liberals made it out to be? Was it okay that they lied about second hand smoke being way worse than it actually is to get their way? It's kinda like people see through this.. And others(you)don't. They also start shit like, if you aren't with us you are against us. Which is happening right here. You have people that will lie, cheat, and steal.. And lie to your face, but when they ask you to believe them, and you say you don't know.. You are a denier, it is sick and sad.
&gt;I don't listen to what Al Gore says, I pay attention to the scientific data. I am not interested in politics or any "liberal agenda". That's the thing. No one cares after that. No one is going to look at any more data, no one pays attention to it every day like you do. Get over it. No amount of stats you can do is going to matter. Who knows how many variables were missed by those scientists, many of who were paid by liberals and taxes.. All this uncertanty doesn't matter, as I've mentioned it shouldn't be in politics in the first place. Conservatives want EVERYTHING done NOT THROUGH the government - and rightfully so Gov't isn't supposed to have control. This is where the problem arises. We have people like you that are hook line in sinker buying into politics. It should be the other way around, they need us for the job.. and guess what you are paying for that shit show, and making other people have to pay for it, because you have bought into it. Most shouldn't even have those jobs and should have virtually no power.. But you are giving undeserving people power just because they say they care about CC, and what do people do with power? They exploit it and become corrupt. Let's assume Bernie gets in and increases the gov't's power. Guess what happens with the next Trump comes in. HE is even more of a dictator.. Because you are giving our gov't all this power. Once again, this isn't a political issue anyways. This is an issue society is addressing right now. Politics get in the way. So when you waste all this money through taxes, especially when you have people lying about the data and using it as a political tool.. Nothing but fighting and smugness comes from it. There aren't sides in the real world.. please wake up to this fact at least.
&gt;He didn't, though, he was right about almost everything. The issue was he was wrong about quite a bit, lied, and scared people into thinking the world was about to end. Florida should be gone by now. That is all that matters, he lied and went to extremes based off of nothing. Any other data is moot. And my point is and has been that climate change shouldn't be in politics. --- People are aware that we need renewable energy. No one is denying that, the denial comes from it not being in politics. The people need to regulate themselves. Government does not need more power, it needs less.
This sounds like someone with their head up their ass, who is scared to admit they're wrong and would rather be an asshole to others than admit it.
Please back up your terrible argument with facts. This'll be hilarious. "I don't like what he said, so I'm ganna make some more shit up!"
If that is how you base who you vote for then you have serious problems. You are everything that is wrong with politics. Can't accept other people, a true bigot. You don't have to agree with their stances, but you most certainly should accept them. Shame on you. --- The only way the Dems are going to win is by reaching a nice chunk of Trump voters. This is how delusional you are. I see you as a much more lost person than any Trump supporter, and that is a legit fact. I have plenty of real life Trump supporter friends I've known since I was a kid. I would never let that get in the way of me liking them, you are sick if you think I shouldn't socialize with them, because the liberal party is full of hate and exclusion. Once again shame on you. I also have liberal friends. They want everything for free.. the Trump supporters, they work their asses off and are offended when they hear that the liberals want their money, to support a corrupt gov't more.
It is a game in politics and you are buying it hook line and sinker. The answer is always somewhere in the middle and no one knows for sure. Liberals said it was super cereal and that Florida should be gone by now. Conservatives denied it, sure. It was bullshit and they were right. The fact is, everything we do affects the planet, can't pigeonhole one thing, when everything is connected. So many just don't want it and politics and will troll liberals over it. Which is why it shouldn't be in politics. I've said from the beginning. Everyone denied Al Gores claims. Florida is supposed to be gone. It was a fucking joke. In that regard especially Climate Change needed to be denied. Liberals LIED, made it into a sham, and are using it to get votes period. People have made millions off of it as well. It is corrupt since it made it's move to politics, so God forbid I don't want it in there. The new packaged CC is less deadly, but is more along the lines of what conservatives view as normal. What is lost in all this. It doesn't matter if people fucking deny it. Get over it and work to make the planet better, let them work on what they are working on.. There are enough tasks for everyone.. Not everyone needs to be involved in CC, or even believe in it like it's your God. -- Your whole debate is caring whether or not the conservatives or denying or not.. IT's a joke in itself. Talk about literally getting nothing done.
You are missing a lot. Both sides are a nightmare. People picked Trump because they don't want establishment candidates. They don't want talking heads. Dems are screwing themselves giving us candidates like Hillary.. No one wanted her in there.
Why would that be, because I can clearly see that both sides are a nightmare? The delusion is unreal with you.
Trust me, your jokes are lamer than Bob Saget. Don't try them any more, because you swung and miss there, just like you swing and miss with the ladies. I know what I said, and I know when someone doesn't have a rebuttal because they are caught up. That is you. Now go back to playing tummy sticks with your little friends.
And here we have you putting out these corny jokes that landed like wounded duck. I'm embarrassing myself, wow, holy crap that is was so wiity. Good one. I'm making a point and you are trying to spin it into terrible insults and keep avoiding any type real conversation. Which only proves my point. And also proves even more that you are one bump on the head away from being brain dead, make sure that hockey helmet is on tight! Your mommy can help you. It would be a far cry from the bed wetting that keeps you away from girls - not to mention the drool from your tongue sticking out all day.
Joe Rogan is pretty open minded and a great tool for the masses in the process of waking up. But you won't find the actual secret from him since he doesn't know it, so in that regard I certainly agree.. He actually has eased my brother's tensions on me for my pro weed and psychadelics stance(he loves Segura, then he found out that Rogan and him are friends, so now he listens to the podcast). Not to mention that I watch him when he has someone good on - usually it doesn't have to do with what we are talking about in this thread. That said, you are right. He's been enlightened, but it hasn't stuck/sunk in.. Which is why he continues doing DMT regularly.
Care to elaborate? I'm not understanding your complete point of view, but it sounds interesting. What do you mean by rock the boat- that he doesn't go hard on conspiracies anymore? Are you saying you have not watched him for quite some time now, or have you watched him recently? I've only watched select podcasts the past couple years. Jake the Snake was my favorite. -- I'm genuinely wondering what you mean, this isn't an attack or saying you're wrong, jw.
Thanks, have a good one. Not too often(basically never) am I asking people questions about this anymore.
I'm ganna listen to him on the Rogan Podcast, lol. It's the comedian right? -- Upon reading the comment section, there is a story there so I have to. I'm also ganna have a chance of being in the public eye, so I want to watch how he deals with this. You might have thrown out the line and hooked me with something here. -- I've seen this guy before, but now I have to pay way more attention.
Okay, okay. He's conservative.. So that makes him racist? Please do not spout such crap and actual hate, spawned from being someone who can't think for themselves. Sorry to put it bluntly, but wow.. There is nothing to defend - you need to stop with the hate and wake up.
Show proof. And if you post a joke he made, then you need to be slapped. I don't really know him, but I know enough about this world that if he were actually a racist, he wouldn't have been on Joe Rogan and would be getting flack from lots of people.. Just not a select few liberals who don't like that he has different views. ----- Here is the best source I found.. Wow, liberals are so much worse than conservatives, neither are ideal.. Love this: https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=RationalWiki
I think the whole point of having that location is to have the chance to buy cheap cards. Period. You can already sell cards online and through facebook. Buying cheap(instantly resellable) cards is what is going to keep you in business. You certainly should want to resell them on Ebay, etc when you can as well.
People will come to you once if you rip them off, or on the other hand - they'll keep coming back if your prices are fair.
&gt; Jews aren't evil and black people don't deserve to be slaves and it is racist to say so. I can't explain this in terms you'll accept now, but I hope one day you might change your mind. He discussed some of this stuff on the podcast I was listening to with Joe Rogan. You are delusional. You've also not understood Alan Watts teachings. Please refrain from being a bigot. You are, by definition, a true bigot. Worse, you obviously take things out of context.
Sounds like you got it! Don't appease the unreasonable customer(assuming he's being ridiculous and you've been nice with him). That is a customer you don't need around.
The whole system needs to change. It is as simple as protecting and serving and doing the jobs everyone wants them to do, rather than bust and jam up.
's joke...
&gt;A lot of skeptics talk about how we can't pay for UBI and they do have a point. Ganna have to correct you there. First off, we can't afford to not pay for it. Second, there is a difference between money and wealth. Money is a measurement of wealth, that is it.. It is essentially what a ruler is to inches. You don't need the ruler or money at all, however it is obvious of their benefits. The problem is the current redistribution of wealth is terrible. There is plenty of wealth to go around, however it is becoming increasingly hard for people with no money to be able to get a job to get one. Another thing is that if you pick up plastic off the ground, you don't get paid for it. UBI makes everything you do matter. People can choose to volunteer ALL of their time and live off the basic income. Real wealth is happiness, and money can't buy happiness. Not to mention, technology is the wealth.. So we should all benefit from it, not the people who had enough money to pay people to do it, then be the only one that benefits. Ever play a video game where you can't unlock anything, because you don't have the requirements and there is NO WAY of ever getting them? That is what is happening to the lower and middle class, they are being shut out of the economy.
Impressive or not, it shows that people like him and that he is gaining momentum. Is Bernie's base growing, or is it he picking up the college liberals he is targeting? He and Tulsi are the only two that stand a chance against Yang. I'd venture to say if there was a group of people that didn't know anything about Bernie or Yang - and they were all put in a room together, Yang would win the vast majority over.
Haha, all you have to do is smoke some DMT if you want to know.. Or just listen to Terrence McKenna, a real scientist who actually did it, discussed it, and received praise for his work.
Why do you need science? That makes zero sense. That's like you saying you need inches in order for someone to be tall. If people are tall, we don't need inches to prove that. You may, but I certainly don't. It is just a tool we use.
Heh.. You are putting your faith in science. There is a very serious flaw here, I once fell for it too.
I explained why you don't know what you're talking about, you've completely ignored that and went to insulting me Whatever created us was here before science and will exist forever after - science is not technically needed for anything, but is obviously a great tool. Science is a tool that measures repetition. So if we see that something happens this way repeatedly, we can assume that is what is going to happen again. That is all it is. It isn't some tool to prove whether God exists. Science says that we happened. Do you honestly need science to prove that? You need Science as a crutch and you can't die with it. Sorry that your insults toward me don't hide the massive holes in your logic.
Yes. Yang is the best candidate by far and the only 2 likely to beat him are Bernie or Gabbard. Gabbard is much less likely. Bernie is a socialist and will not beat Trump. Not without Yang.
&gt; e a basic fact that I'm sure we both believe to be true: Winston Churchill was the Prime Minister of England. We both know this to be true. &gt; &gt; But how? I never met him. In fact, I don't t Depends on your definition of God. The Western God is by far not real. But the God portrayed in Hinduism, Buddhism, and Daoism is very practical and very real, since it reveals that you are God(you're here as we can clearly see).. Just once again.. Not in the western sense. Which is where all the confusion lies.
I said it very clearly. Smoke DMT. It will take you 15 seconds to know what is really going on. DMT is what releases when you die, so you will be going straight to the unconscious, or as people call it, the spirit world, and there will be aliens and entities there. It is the same place the sages visit when they do yoga and meditate. Or go listen to Terence Mckenna. He'll explain to you what happens. I'm not on my high horse. I said I made the same mistake in the previous post. --- I've given you proof, now go do the science that you hold so dear.
Wait Hillary won the polls. She's our president right? No one has been low in the polls and jumped out ahead before either, right? Pshh. (that is all I have to say to you, please move on)
I'm detached from reality because I see that Yang is clearly the best candidate. Haha. I'm not voting and don't have a dog in the race, but this is the closest candidate toward the center and Yang and his following is not going anywhere. He's going to put Bernie's presence to shame(props to Bernie for being the first) They will be stronger, nicer, and have real solutions to problems and will accept everybody. I already know you're feeling the Bern.
Science and experience are not that much different. They are literally the same thing, science just adds rules and makes it a more precise method.. People learned from experience back then, didn't need science and it doesn't need to be made into a God either. Experience does not need someone to believe in it. I don't thank science for everything I learn.. I know that I learned it from experience.. all the answers are out there already, discoveries are only new to us..
&gt; Everybody has told a story to a friend and had them say something along the There is just me and you in this conversation. I am not saying that there is a God in the sky at all, or that there is something that I experienced that you haven't or can't. So with that said. There is a such thing as enlightenment. Which is just an aha moment in realizing that this is all just a game, there is nothing to know, and that you're it. Nothing needs to be said or debated when both people know this.
Zen Buddhism doesn't require beliefs and leaves you with no religion after you figure out what it is teaching you(it is like taking a pill). Atheism is a belief system and a religion. There is no God and I am his prophet. So in this case. You are making a claim to me saying that there isn't a God in the sky, I never said there was one in the first place.. So now you're basing your life after this God, that you say isn't there. But in some weird way he exists only because you are an atheist saying he's not there. And im like.. Okkkayyy.. You've literally created a mysterious figure that isn't there.. And are now trying to tell me that I need science.. that is just like missionaries telling people they need God.
Buddhism is not Atheistic at all. It teaches that you are God in the eastern sense.. IE enlightenment. In that sense there certainly is a God. The universe is intelligent - this is easy to see and can be tested with all sorts of practices. You don't need Buddhism to realize this. You and I are the universe playing with itself. This is a fact. Also, check out Brahman in Hinduism. (in Hinduism) the ultimate reality underlying all phenomena. "Brahman is formless but is the birthplace of all forms in visible reality" Freud calls it the oceanic feeling. The feeling of oneness.
What happened before those millions of years, what were you before that? Who are you really(spoiler, you don't know)? I didn't just say DMT, I said if you really want to know and want the evidence QUICKLY then DMT is your answer. You take that, don't try it and then say you want evidence.. That is so hilarious. The evidence is in you the evidence is there. I also say listen to Mckenna. But you ignore that too. I also said, CLEARLY that you can do yoga, meditation, breathing practices, learn about buddhsim, daoism, and hinduism, to name a few(don't need to do all, just get good at one).. But you just want to go up in arms about what is called the spirit molecule.. You will be wrong and are scared to let go. I know you are wrong and don't care. I just like poking holes in that like game you have going on.
This is a case of not reading what I said and clearly not understanding the source material. God can have different definitions. The one you are talking about in the sky doesn't exist other than as an idol. But in Eastern philosphy God(it isn't called God really, it is called Brahman, Buddha, Dao)=you(just plain old you). You are most certainly REAL. Do you exist. If so then the God I am talking about exists is you and everything that you see and touch. This most certainly exists because we are doing it right now.
Either way, stay supporting him, because having a leader with a grass roots big backing is always a great bargaining chip. UBI and the future is a lot more likely to be discussed the bigger Andrew's following gets. The bigger the better honestly. I'm not going MLK levels in what Yang means, because that's unrealistic, but the message is good and pure and people will get behind it. So there is a very small comparison that I wanted to point out. We haven't had anyone that didn't spread hate and wanted what was best for us all.
Then listen to Alan Watts. One of the most respected philosophers of our time. CJ Jung is another great one. You ask for evidence, I give it to you. And show you someone who has experienced it and has thousands of people back him up on it, none of whom called bullshit after trying it. You wouldn't either.. It's just funny. You like science until it blows up everything you thought you knew when you test something out.
This is spoken like someone who hasn't tried it. Period. I haven't smoked DMT. But I've teetered on the realm because I was in serious pain that required intensely painful physical therapy, and def did some LSD to get deeper, which I highly recommend responsible use for, especially for certain forms of healing(this is backed up by science and even Dr Oz agrees - which means it is pretty much mainstream - not really but it will be). I needed to let go and focus very hard to have my injuries let go themselves, and in doing so I was able to get pretty deep. You will know for sure that it is all you, all of it, including me.. I'm just you with a mask on getting lost in itself. DMT is a moot point. I named 10 other things people can do to feel the oceanic feeling FREUD's WORDS, this place exists(oneness, IE being one with the universe). With that - I know Terence Mckenna is not lying. Furthermore I know what Alan Watts teaches is very potent. Your lack of wanting to do the research is on you. I've given you a path and told you that you will be proven wrong, it isn't a matter of if, but when. Anything you ever come up with will be wrong. Any concepts(edited this in because it answers - what makes you so sure this 'world' you are visiting isn't simply a dream in overdrive?) don't hold water when you actually get to the place that we are talking about. I know that there is nothing to know. And with that said. I don't know shit, but neither do you. So the moment you pretend to, I can call you out on it. It's very easy to see from this position in the game. I like playing the joker card. YOU AND I WERE THERE AT THE BIG BANG. WE ARE STARDUST.
Alan Watts is the resource you want. I don't like to read(books), so luckily he has tons of lectures on youtube, if you like to read he has a ton of books. Don't actually become a Buddhist. Learn how it works, through Watts. He'll give up the tricks that the gurus use. Hinduism is cool as shit and so is daoism. Daoism spawns from Lao Tzu, who has a ton of quotes straight from his book the tao te ching. &gt;Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. You'll learn what I am trying to point to, which is that there is nothing to know/one can never know, and anyone that tells you otherwise is lying/tricking you.
In this very forum we are getting minor spill over of these Bernie despising Trump supporters. Certain Trump supporters are thinking of going with Yang and people are calling them racist for voting for Trump. The "if you vote for Trump you are racist" talk starting again is terrible for the dems. Only Yang will shut that talk down.. Bernie certainly hasn't. This is what recently swayed me with Biden over Bernie even. His supporters are so hateful and he's spreading the wrong message. Our future needs to include rich people as well, we can't demonize them to create another scapegoat.
That has literally ZERO to do with what i said. We were talking about how you need science to prove there is a God.
The only thing I differ on is I would NOT be shocked if Trump got in(unless Yang was involved). Great post.
You have muscles everywhere. Getting punctured like that brings natural healing agents to the area. It would be no different for the gooch. It def helps.
I'm not down ANY hole. I don't have a religion and don't believe anything. You are coming up with all your beliefs above.. You don't listen and think you're smart. You're never going to figure it out because there is nothing to figure out and you are so keen on thinking there is. No matter how smart the person is, he will NEVER know the answers. You do not know how Zen works. No idea what Daoism is. And don't know how Hindu philosophy works. &gt;PS: I've researched Terence McKenna, Alan Watts, and many others quite extensively And nothing stuck. That's a shame. Like I said, you are trying to use your "superior intellect" to diagnose your way of looking at God(the unknown). And as I said, any concept you come up with will be wrong. I haven't come up with any concepts, I am just telling you that you are wrong. Keep trying though, when you give up is when enlightenment will start to sink in. I know Alan Watts and the great mystics like Lao Tzu, along with Jesus, buddha experienced enlightenment just like I did. And people do ALL THE TIME - this does not make anyone better than anyone. I am just merely stating that I am proof that you don't know what you are talking about. I can literally point people out that were enlightened, and more specifically if it stuck, it's very VERY easy to see through the game. So keep feeding YOUR EGO and discrediting REAL science(ie me and the countless others that all experience the EXACT same thing, and every one of them was skeptical like you). I ate the DMT, I didn't smoke it. As I said, you don't need to smoke it. I just know what it does because I've studied it actually, unlike you. You are just lying to yourself. You can get the same desired affects through yoga or meditation, once again the drugs are not needed. I am just merely stating. If you want to do real science and want to be proven wrong, then go do it. Otherwise, just be quiet.
UBI isn't a stretch, it's what has been needed for a long time. Alan Watts, explained it in the 60s. There is nothign more important that will help people more than this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq7brYIrjWo Taxing the rich and blaming them for the problems is not a solution, but a problem. Just another scapegoat. Also, making a bigger government and a step towards socialism isn't really the answer either.. He's too far left for many people's taste. Maybe that's why Bernie fans don't like UBI because conservatives do? Is this a Bernie fan thing? Where they all just think UBI is some flash in the pan? -- You want to solve the climate problem? Get money into people's hands so they can volunteer as their job, rather than waste time at a dead end job that will be taken over by bots. It's as simple as letting the people decide what to do with the money, not the businesses, and especially not the government.
Yeah you don't comprehend. I'm well aware. You need to listen to Alan Watts all a lot more because you didn't understand his points. I poked holes in your bag. Period.
&gt; ine is currently selling his collection and I could get a pretty decent deal on it, to provide some more solid numbers I would say that the value of all of the cards in the TCGplayer collection tracker is at around 11,000$ and my buddy would be willing to do around 60% of this if I take the whole lot. My question to you all is the best way to go about liquidating the collection once I have purchased it, also I It all depends on if the cards are all lesser value, or higher value. If most are higher value cards, then this is a no brainer. If you have to sell a ton of lesser cards, then it is a lot more work, for less money. If all of his bulk cards are included in the price, I'd remove those and start with cards over $2.
Fock, how did I not hear about this.
If you want to sell, then this sounds like a as good of an opportunity as any. If you have fun, and make a profit, that is all that matters.
Seth Rollins would be a good Target honestly too.
Basically any of the earlier sets have paid handsomely.. Urza's has boxes for $3000...... My dad bought a set of Revised for $200 along with a booster box in the late 90s(that we opened when we were kids) - got like 5-6 dual lands. I don't need to do the exact math to know that was a score. Unlimited cards and before have even more insane returns.
I've never heard anyone actually claim that he didn't exist as a person. That is pretty absurd. The burden of proof is on you to say he didn't. There are plenty of books and documents that say otherwise.
https://www.reddit.com/r/southpark/comments/enbm49/jesus_is_real_in_the_sp_universe_so_im_surprised/fe2a4h2/ It is pretty much unanimous that he existed.
I jumped in when someone was calling someone a racist because they were thinking about joining the Yang Gang from Trump. I DID NOT think he was a Bernie Troll and I didn't know they even existed. But I dealt with one.. Here is your troll. https://www.reddit.com/r/YangForPresidentHQ/comments/ekhp4o/im_a_trump_supporter_whos_yang_curious/fdcb792/ I shouldn't have told him to accept everyone. Period. Being inclusive makes you not like me and not like coming here? Sorry man, that is on you. Don't blame me for calling people out, like I unfortunately had to do to you right now.
Go look. Most are trolls. There are lots of Bernie supporters in here too, who i didn't think would be,but are so exclusive, mean-spirited and hateful, but they are. I even linked the one who called Yang and Trump supporters idiots and racists, etc. Yes, I do agree I could have worded it better and maybe most should be changed to "a lot of", but the fact remains the same.
Wikipedia links to plenty of sources. Are you that delusional?
There are two in this thread - didn't see if one is the one you mentioned though: https://www.reddit.com/r/WredditSchool/comments/dz52d2/wrestling_school_list/ Also there is an app called wrestlepost, you can check on there too.
In all seriousness. He looks really good.
Bernie is not going to beat Trump. He's a socialist. It's that simple. Trump appeals to the middle and right. Bernie appeals to the left. Bernie's supporters are toxic, which is the most off-putting part. Lefties are nuts and you prove that notion right here. Polls don't mean shit. Wake up. Cry and call people names all you want. Bernie is not the guy. Bernie says he's a socialist... Are you mad(not angry mad)? Bernie is not Obama. Not even close.
Why would I feel dumb. I have a hardcore liberal crying about the fact that he's got a socialist presidential candidate spewing hate towards rich people and businesses playing the blame game. And furthermore he has an ignorant flowing who attacks people and calls anyone who votes for Trump or mentions his name a racist. Get lost. I said you were toxic and all you've done was prove my point. Go listen to Alan Watts and support Yang if you're smart. I support Bernie, but unfortunately I listed the issues with him.. and you just talked about polls instead. Which don't fucking matter. You are part of the reason people from the middle won't vote for Bernie. And this only cements it. I know that Yang isn't going anywhere whether he wins or not. But the more he gets known the better off our world will be period.
He's not going to beat trump. Period. Unless he gets Yang, even then he's too far left that Yang won't be able to pull from the middle.. unless Bernie stops hating rich people and businesses for working hard and being successful. You took to calling me names and being ridiculous because I know the polls don't matter and that Bernie doesn't have a chance.
I never said Yang was going to win. I said if the Dems are smart enough to get him in, he can beat Trump. did you not see me mention about how Biden should get him as VP???? Nah, head up your ass and just want to argue. You don't realize that most people still have no idea who Yang is
I'm 33 and you're one of the dumbest people who acts like he's smart that I've met. Yang has a lesser chance to win the Democratic spot than Bernie and Biden. No doubt. However, Yang is an unknown and an outsider, so most people have no idea who he is. So with that said if he keeps his forward momentum going and the Dems are smart enough to vote him in, he's the one guy that can beat Trump. Vegas shows that the current front runners, neither of them are close to having a chance to beat Trump. You don't know what you're talking about and are really stupid. Very honestly.. never seen someone pretend to be as smart as you, it's hilarious. What's the spin ganna be this time?
I showed you Vegas odds. Shut up, my God. You are annoying. Keep talking about your stupid polls to someone else. Bernie is not winning.
I picture you as a fucking moron who loves.polls. I'm blocking you, my God you are unbearable. Your family must hit their head with a hammer when dealing with your pointless conversations. Holy shit. I care about your polls just as much as you care about the Vegas odds. Fuck man. Honestly you are driving me nuts. Get a life. I'll give you my address if you want to call me any more names. I will give you a wedgie so fast, nerd.
Blah. Im calling it like it is. If you don't like it too bad.
I hope you are just trolling.
I think that some Bernie supporters don't realize this and are doing what they can to change the narrative. I personally don't think Bernie is going to beat Trump, if he gets a chance, but even if he loses, Bernie deserves so much credit. If he was in the middle like Yang, he'd win easy. Yang is young and if he loses, the following isn't going anywhere, and in 4 more years the topics he's using will catch up to him. I still remember some random dude, during Bernie's 16 run, hear Bernie supportt legalization from marijuana, the dude was so shocked and happy. Now it's only a matter of time.
You are a different breed of socialist that I've come into contact with, and I thank you for actually gave me stuff I didn't know. Nice to learn things. I had no idea what it was like in socialism circles, very interesting. I personally see UBI as the perfect form of fusing capitalism with socialism. Too much of one side is clearly not good. The appeal of capitalism is actually pretty fun. Work hard and have it pay off. Socialism clearly sounds fair and has good intentions at heart. The issue is, too much one way seems to cause problems on either side. This is how it appears to me.
Liberals in general are unecessarily hard to deal with and you prove that right now... you don't appear to see how pointless this conversation is, and furthermore how upset you are over this/offended for no reason.
I pretty much said this last week, in this forum.. Not a Bernie forum, or somewhere else, here and I got flack for it. They said that a lot of Bernie fans are not like that, while I agree.. It certainly doesn't seem that way, and I don't hear Bernie telling them to stop.. Certainly don't hear anything from their peers. I particularly told someone to not call an ex Trump supporter racist(how absurd is that in the first place, whats worse is Berners seem to be bigots themselves). Thinking he was Yang Gang.. After calling said person out, find out they supported Bernie(I'm talking about two different instances in this post - there were more negative posts).
What is even nicer is that conservatives like Tucker Carlson seem to be on board, and Yang won over the crowd when he went to a town hall meeting over on Fox News. Yang will (or can) honestly make MSNBC and Fox News watchable. People need to realize that people are there to make arguments for both sides. They aren't actually liberals are conservatives. We listen to both sides and find a solution somewhere in the middle. Sometimes it is better to be on the conservative side, others on the liberal.. And it can switch from year to year. Who knows how things will change when Yang becomes a real threat(MSNBC sees the threat already, so they are acting), which may be this year, if not 2024 is looking like an obvious win for him.
I actually never even thought about the homeless, lol.. But yeah, the impact in that alone will be huge.. The inner city and gun violence is the bigger issue in my area. If those kids had money, what incentive would they have to gang bang? Obviously there is a lot of mental health issues involved in a lot of the homeless, so that would also have to be taken care of. I can bet that Yang is well aware.
Very uninformed right here. It is the perfect fusion of capitlalism with socialism. It puts money into the hands of the people and is not for the gov't to decide what to do with it. It is a capitalistic idea because there is still incentive to work and also capitalism is fun because you can work yourself of the ladder. It is essentially what America sells as the American dream.
I don't like Biden either, but how is he my favorite choice of the three now? How do things get that bad?
Since no one has answered yet, I'll give my best. I was sick yesterday, so I don't really know, but I saw it on Fox News when I was checking on my dad in his room(had to be clear on that, lol). I just happened upon the tweet while I was seeing how much Yang's following has grown. 500k to 1.2mil since august. Bernie only got 1million followers himself in this time. Anyways, to answer your question as best I can, without looking myself. I am pretty sure Warren claimed that Bernie said that a woman couldn't win the presidency in 2020. Anyone feel free to correct me. I'm more interested in how nuts people are about it.
That statement in bold needs to be read by all.
Never said it did matter. Never said there weren't a variety of sources. I was making a joke.
That's been the issue the whole time in every aspect of politics. That's why I'm encouraged with Yang and the following he's building. So many people feel this way, but now Yang is a great leader/poster boy for this. We finally have a voice of the voiceless. In my situation..I'm too hot headed and when someone doesn't understand my point I get defensive and mad, and lose them. Obviously I'm working on it, but hats off to Yang for continually being the bigger man, it rubs off on people.
If the Dems don't give a legit candidate, we give them Trump. They will learn. edit - I don't think people realize that people voted for Trump purely to throw a wrench in the system and tell it fuck you. It was a last resort, but it is what everyone deserved..
I'm a little confused. Are you saying that you did some training already? And had to leave because of the injury? Or were you preparing with crossfit? Or are you saying that you start training for the first time in September? I'm telling you right now, you will not make it through training with the current injuries. So your money will be wasted regardless. I'd ask Marek if you could push your start date back to next year. I'm not saying he will, but honestly it shouldn't be hard. Just be very polite and show how serious the injury and how serious you are about wanting to train. I think you may have done this already. You need to be on a foam roller every day and do intense physical therapy, even then man.. you're 18, you really need to be healthy when doing this or you are just not going to have any quality of life. I myself am injured severly and barely got through training. I am suffering from it and have spent of 2 years getting my back/neck fixed. I had previous injuries as well that I ignored, that is your body screaming for help.. LISTEN TO IT, don't be me. --- That said I'm going back, I want to add that tidbit, but I am unsure if I will be able to. If my body tells me no, then I can't. My injuries were all muscular from what I've known, I don't have bulging disks.
You just gained 10 points for the Berners in my fake book of points. I have a question, did anyone mention Yang?
Social media, Yang is killing it. On Democratic News channels, not so much. The Blackout is real for them, because he is a threat. I read an article on Fox News today. That says all things are pointing up for him. https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/dave-chappelle-endorse-andrew-yang &gt;Yang remains competitive in the 2020 race as fellow candidates like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and Pete Buttigieg rise in the polls. With celebrity endorsements and an impressive fundraising campaign, he looks to be a competitive force in the early primaries. Bernie already had his base from the beginning, Yang is doing the same thing, but had to start from scratch. He is the one candidate that is the key to beating Trump, most people in the middle aren't going to switch to socialism, even if that means staying with Trump. Especially if the dems start calling everyone who votes for Trump racist again, that was horrible.
I think you are getting a little too confident in Bernie, I hope you calm your expectations. Trump is killing him in Vegas odds. I personally don't see him winning. That is unless Yang is able to work his magic to sway the middle.
So you came in here to talk about how you like Yang, but Bernie is better. Gotcha. Well I'm sorry you feel that way, and I'm even more sorry that you're gonna be upset when Trump wins. I'm from the middle and Trump is way closer to the middle, than socialism. Which in turn gives more money and more power for the next Trump to get elected, in which case we'll have more liberals crying about how much power they have.. Well stop making the government bigger.. And like I said, your base has been awful to everyone. You were nice at first, but you were clearly here to gloat about Bernie.
Do what you are going to do. Bernie isn't going to win. I'm not defensive. You think Yang's candidacy is cute, but added you don't think he has a chance, but in the unlikely event of a surge he can. His base is going nowhere no matter what happens in this run. I hit you back with what I think, and I know Bernie has no chance, his chance was in 2016.
Only liberals and neo-liberals like Biden and Bernie. There is the middle and there is the right. Calm your expectations, you very well might have to chose between Trump or Yang. And I know who you are picking there, I don't have to win you over. I've had poor experiences with only Berners.. While my RL friends are Berners too, they are good reps.. But most just aren't.
Like I said, this isn't about Yang. I am calling you out personally. You came in here for self satisfaction. I hit you with real truths that your candidate will not win, after you basically came into a YANG forum and said he won't win without luck. And furthermore, when your candidate does lose, there is a chance Yang might have been the man to do it. And with that said, guess what? I'll bet you vote for Yang over Trump. I am not voting, I just know Yang is the man and is actually positive. He doesn't blame and attack other people either.
He came in a Yang forum and said that he doesn't think Yang will win, but he would have rather had him on the stage than Amy. I hit him back saying the same thing that Bernie will not win. Many, many people , include Vegas agree with this sentiment. Do refrain from telling me what to do. Your action pissed me off.
&gt; in fact, it’s done the opposite. You have done literally nothing to help yang, you’ve made yourself seem like a jackass, and lowered the likelyhood I come to this sub to discuss things about yang and the differences between bernie and yang an I didn't do anything to hurt or help him. As I said you will vote for him if he wins. On the other hand, I will not be voting, and will tell people not to vote for Bernie. You saying your truths is okay, but when I say the same thing back to you, it's rude, lol.
Don't let me have anything. I said I would admit fault if you tell me how you weren't condescending. It was pretty simple actually.
&gt; I can see how it comes off as condescending Fair enough.
Don't tell me what to do. I got him to half admit he was being condescending and hit him with my opinion back. Me and his conversation is done, now I have to make sure that you don't EVER think about calling me childish and think you are going to get away with it.
Dude if you don't shut the fuck up.
Now you're getting it.
lol. I'm not a supporter of anyone. I just know Yang is the best candidate and will tell people he's the man to vote for. Shut up you dork.
Alright well I take back the apology and have to call you a flat out dick. Come in here and be condescending, then go and talk more shit. I didn't edit shit. I added shit. You have no life and respond too quickly, and I send the messages to quickly then reedited BEFORE you respond.
No, Bernie is full of terrible assholes, it's common knowledge. And you are the 5th one I've come into contact with in the past week. You are the only one to come in and act condescending, and I called you our for it. And all I did was hold you to that fact. Which you half ass admitted, now I'm the reason you aren't voting for Yang, pshh. Come into this forum and literally say. Yeah guys, I wish you were in the debates, but there is no chance, without luck that you win! god bless!
I already had to give you a lesson on calling me a name. Now do I have to teach you about keeping my name out of your comments? You aren't so high and mighty talking shit either now are you. You don't like that I have no use for Bernie too, lol. Of course you'll say something and then act like you've never been an arguments in the past like this before. You're a joke.
The thing is, it should be fine that he is up there. There weren't a set amount of spots, so no one needed to be replaced, Yang(and possibly even Tulsi could have def been added). It's not Steyer's fault, nor Amy's, so dragging them into this does no good.
That's fucking funny. I didn't know that existed either.
Yeah, you aint lying, it clearly needs to change.
It is pretty clear that when you talk to every single person one on one, they want peace and want to be left alone. Like I said, I'm not red or blue. Clearly China's leaders need to read the Tao Te Ching again.
I care deeply, which is exactly why I have to call people out on their bull shit. You insulted me. You are acting smug. You are making false claims about me. You are an idiot. It is unreal how you can't see. Sure I might be an asshole to you, but once again. You insulted me first. So you fucked up. And you are once again the biggest idiot I have talked to in the last week, and some berners were BAD. You are a liberal for sure. Its unreal the stupid claims you make up.
When did I say China's government is a friend??? America has been a part of genocides and is actively brainwashing their population. It isn't a friend. It can't be since it isn't a person, or even an animal, fuck not even a robot. they have a system with flaws, just as we do, no one can escape this. I recommend reading the Tao te Ching, because it clearly shows that I am being critical of them. They are essentially going against God(don't take it literaly if that word scares you), or whatever a way to describe that would be, they know it's wrong what they're doing, and so do we, but we all need money to survive. So we drive our big cars to work and crunch numbers all day, while some idiot breathes down our neck to make sure we aren't playing solitaire. Systems cause symptoms. The people are just symptoms of a bad system. The moment everyone realizes this, then we'll be happening.
&gt;Then you jumped all over him. You forced a conversation he didn't want. Then every other word you use is some way to insult me. I haven't said any bullshit. This was between me and the other guy. He said Yang didn't have a chance to break 4th. I said Bernie won't beat Biden. That is what happened, you are making everything else up. I called you on all the shit, you ignored it, because you are one dumb fuck. And you just literally copied what I said about you after literally not addressing how I called you a name back, because I said that is what is going to happen. Holy shit.
You are reaching for the dumbest shit and trying to shame me because you are fucking loser and have no argument. You talked shit to me. I talked it back. Now fuck off you fucking HO.
Honestly, most of these ideas aren't Yangs original ideas anyway. For instance, UBI was thought up long ago.
&gt; 'm sure there are some with a lot of medical debt as well but I don't personally know any of them. And you know what they never bring up when they say why they support Bernie? Free college. They'll always tell me it's about his particular M4A and #EatingTheRich but never the debt forgiveness policy. &gt; &gt; Similarly there are a lot of Yang supporters that just want the $1 I had my hardcore Berner friend telling me how much she wants college to be free - and that it would benefit me somehow. I said, well that is fine but that doesn't help me any, because I knew it was too expensive(plus I see it as a charade as it is). Shit, if college is free. Call me Van Widler, I don't care about the grades and don't need them at all. That's when I said.. Why don't we all just get $1000 a month instead.. Which she shockingly wasn't opposed to.
The thing is Yang was an unknown and is still relatively.. This momentum is a big deal that people that are so fixated in their candidate don't realize and certainly don't want to admit/see.
Fox News has been quite good to Yang from what I've seen. That might change as he becomes a threat, but right now they're pretty much saying he's the obvious choice.
Bernie is an actual socialist, as to where uneducated think UBI is socialist.
I actually didn't realize you misunderstood. I agreed w you and was just elaborating more.
Way too many special interests to say that's the whole case.
I honestly would rather see Biden on there over so many of the other democratic guests he has on.
We should treat each other and the animals(and plants - they are alive and intelligent too) we eat as sacred. That's just not true about the meat industry, or humans right now.
What's Yang's stance on cannibalism?
You think just because you can't hear potatoes scream that they aren't intelligent? This is fucking DESTINY/divine that you picked potato. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKFFS3IndPY Please listen to it. Alan Watts is awesome.
You didn't even watch the video. Please don't just spout opinions and spread them as fact, especially when you are unwilling to check out sources backing up the other person's argument. Screaming doesn't requite intelligence?? Hmm...
Everything is intelligent. It is a symptom of the universe, which itself is clearly intelligent, because we are in it. This means that intelligence is not separate from it, but is part ofi t.
Honestly, this is not how UBI works, and UBI is more important than anything he's running on. I highly recommend listening to Alan Watts to understand how it works. We can't afford to NOT do it. Nothing will be more important than UBI. The first thing you need to understand that money is NOT wealth. Money is simply a measurement of wealth. ALL of the wealth is still there whether UBI exists or not. The only difference being that the distribution of wealth has changed. You also need to realize that our data and bots alone will create more wealth than you are going to know what to do with. --- If you want to see how crazy productive robots are going to be, then you really should just go play a video game. Perhaps Diablo 2. You can run the game yourself and play 4-14 hours a day, but I'll tell you right now a BOT can run all day without breaks. You are going to get a lot more gear and items that have value. The robot has just created wealth. Where should that wealth go? Directly to the rich like it currently is, because that is what you are suggesting. --- I highly recommend listening to Alan Watts about what happens when you introduce Technology into production. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq7brYIrjWo ---- Yang is a great dude, so I am even saying I support him, when I don't support any candidates. But nothing is more important than UBI. I promise you that. So many people are going to be able to volunteer and create wealth doing things that really matter.
UBI is going to free up 18 year olds, and mostly everyone for that matter. And video games need to be looked at very closely as the future. Next, would be to create incentives, possibly with crypto. But put bounties on tasks and have groups earn the bounties. People might control robots or something as practice on video games.. Then eventually the simulation might be real, and the players would literally play the same game, but in this special case would be doing a real task in real life. Perhaps a rescue simulator. There could be literal video games to teach kids how to code in groups. Matchmaking games of all skill levels to learn literally anything. This in turn can create open source groups, all of whom can create all types of cool things. I see video games and crypto becoming huge players in the future. If you haven't see open source at work, then check out Warcraft 3. Users were able to create their own games and one game created out of Warcraft 3 was Dota - which spawned other similar games as well. There can be literally groups of people all feeding into the same game. The diagram would look kind of like a spider, and the feet would be the groups working to add to the game. --- This may sound a little out there, but something like this is going to happen. The sooner the better.
Yes, it is CLEARLY an opinion that is not based in this reality.. Do you really think it is blind luck that a potato is tasty to you? Is it just luck that the birds eat the tasty fruit and the fruit has undigestable seeds that they poo out and they continue to grow. Seems like they found a great way Like I said, just listen to the video. You have the wrong and very depressing/sad opinion of this universe. You do know that there are other dimensions and things we don't understand right? You do understand that everything is made up of living things eating each other, whether inside your body or out. Evolution is intelligence.
The others did well, why wouldn't this one?
No one said to do any prayer. It is showing respect to it, since you are stardust, you are the universe, and you shouldn't want to do harm to anything.. And you certainly should respect that something died so you may live. I'm not religious, I just know that what your eyes are seeing is only one of the dimensions. This is about plants and the universe being intelligent. And it is. You are just not using your intelligence to see it.
Did you listen to the video? If you get the concept, it isn't a question of UBI will work.. It will. The question will be, how do we fine tune it to keep incentives there and to make it so everyone feels valuable. Volunteering INSTANTLY becomes valuable - people can volunteer their whole lives and do WHO KNOWS how much good, and never have to get a so called job - this is TRUE WEALTH. Moms can stay home and take care of their kids, love and nurture them. Rather than do a job that is entirely about PROFITS and not about people. You seem to think profits really matter, they don't what matters is everyone's happiness, and this current system is bad now and will only get worse. Honestly, you have an opinion that you just don't want to lose. But nothing you are saying holds any water. You think people are going to stay homeless when they get $1000 a month? You don't think $1000 can help people get healthcare? Incarceration will go way down.. There will be incentives there that will make people that are in jail want to stay out of there.... People can't afford basic things.. Things they need. Things that wills top them from having to go rob people or turn to gang banging. You are doing a disservice to everyone in your family and all of the people struggling right now if you honestly don't see how it can be paid for. You fail to see all the benefits because of your unreasonable dislike for one thing, it just doesn't add up. --- Amazon is going to get taxed regardless. Do you want the government to get it, or do you think it would be smarter to give it directly to the people so they can work on their needs? Are you seriously suggesting we give more money to the government and less power to the people? You are literally suggesting to keep the wealth and power out of the people's hands, which is NOT a republic.
You keep crying about where the costs come from, but you need to watch the fucking video so you can understand. I can link millions of sources to tell you how it works, but You don't understand the difference between money and wealth. And the video explains it to you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeLh29-scdk Listen to the videos and learn and stop pretending like you know everything. You don't know anything. Life is a game, everything we do is a game, on the deepest level, right now you are playing this stupid game where you nitpick things that don't matter and are going to change and are getting in the way of yourself. The game needs to be fun. If you created a video game, would you make it impossible for everyone to beat it? Or would you do your best to make it fun while also making it fair. THIS IS ALL UBI IS. A WEALTH DISTRIBUTION MODEL that BENEFITS those who need it most. Look outside all the wealth is there. This is not to be confused with money, which a tool that only MEASURES wealth. The thing is. You are just being ignorant and beating a dead horse about how you care where the taxes come from, and I said that is the most baseless argument ever. ---- Why are you worried about where taxes are coming from when everyone has more money, is more healthy, isn't going to a dead end job, and is generally more happy? You have an archaic mind. Get out of the past. --- Any furthermore you clearly don't read, because as I said. I am here clearly on the basis of UBI, I don't care about Yang's policies. I clearly know he's the best candidate and that he actually is focused on solving things. For instance, if your argument about taxes is that important, go bring it to his attention.
You are worried about the deficit and that UBI won't stick around. UBI will NEVER go away, and only would be improved. Why would the people volunteerily give up their money and power when they finally get it back... It doesn't make any sense and HAS NOTHING AT ALL to do with getting the money into the hands of the people, which is needed so they can actually ACCESS THE WEALTH. The amount of wealth that will be created is going to wipe the deficit out so fucking fast. NO one is active right now and no one volunteers right now, because there is no incentive. I don't see how you don't see this. --- The mindset you have works in the 1900s. This is a new century with real problems that we can solve if we work together and stop talking about taking money out of the hands of the people.
I don't vote and would've gladly went Gary. But he just wasn't that sharp to me, as to where Yang is checking all the boxes. This is literally the type of candidate so many people have been waiting for. And it took Bernie and Trump to take the barriers down. UBI is all I care about and he is for that so I'm happy. He should help to improve the conservative party as well, hopefully.
&gt; nging what it means to be human and how to get out of the rat race. This is a good way to describe UBI. People just can't see it, they get caught up in dollar amounts, when dollar amounts don't really mean anything.
Why not just arrange meet up and sit down conversation on a youtube channel? People will love that stuff.
The dude looks like he face swapped with himself and the filter put his face off to the side.
What perks do you get for being a production assistant? You don't need to get into detail, I'm just trying to get an idea of how to go about getting people for production. I don't need to know exactly, I'm just wondering how the relationship is. I'm assuming you aren't a wrestler and do mainly production stuff? Do you volunteer? Or do you pay to be trained somehow? Or do they pay for you? I have been wondering this a while because our shows production can be vastly improved, but production takes a lot of work and time. Were you actively searching for this as an internship?
&gt; e. And it also doesn't stop them from calling on me when I'm needed, and any extra stuff is on me to do, and its how I learn, cause otherwise its not going to get done. &gt; &gt; I have been wondering this a while because our shows production can be vastly improved, but production takes a lot of work and time. &gt; &gt; It does. But its sooooo rewarding when something is see Thanks and sorry, some of the questions were redundant, I was just trying to get an idea - and give you an idea that I was wondering the best way to get some assistants. Because right now your show looks way better than ours. So I am going to be working towards talking my promoters to get some production guys in there. I've been chomping at the bit to get back to our promotion and start wrestling. But I'm also ganna want to produce documentaries and series and stuff. I simply can't do that all myself, and I have to figure inexperienced people would love to do it for real world experience.. And like you said it can get you a job in other places. Would you be doing this if you knew for a fact you weren't getting back in the ring?
Thanks for the info. Hopefully we'll meet in the future.
I wasn't expecting this, but Buttigeig was #2 after Yang was #1 for me on that one test of policies that's been circulating.
I actually didn't look at my last placers. I'm not voting at all, but I tell everyone I can about Yang specifically. I know the importance of UBI. These young guys aren't going anywhere, so they aren't bad people to support regardless.
I honestly don't watch him because he always talks about Trump, and I do not care to hear about Trump. Almost every advert is I see a Trump joke. I'd give it a chance if that weren't the case I liked it most when it was Craig Kilborn though. Stewart was a good dude, but you could see he was dying inside.because he cared so much about the issues.
By not talking about him.
You personally like to hear the same rehashed Trump jokes. I personally am annoyed by them.
I don't disagree with anything you said except that you disagree about Jon Stewart. I do think he is a legend, the show was just too liberal for my taste. Doesn't take me much to not watch if either side lleans toward a bias. I'm just not a fan of the hate that comes with people getting too involved on either side. And the jokes come off malicious and intended to hurt,
He also said something along the lines of systems aren't really the problem, it is possible that the people running it are lousy.
I watched it. It was too liberal for me. Sorry you are offended.
This is the spin of all spins. Me catching and saying you are being offended is my opinion. Which you clearly are. But if you want to say you aren't I'll play along. That is moot from my point regardless, which is why I have called out your spin. I said I don't want to watch Daily Show because they trash Trump and I don't care to hear about Trump. It is that simple. This stuff you are making up is absurd.
Then what is your problem?
&gt; Also if you don't watch the daily show why are you so imve I said I don't watch it because they talk about Trump too much for me. I said if they didn't do that I may watch. People have confirmed this. I then just woke up and responded to you. Now I'm terribly invested in a thread, 5-10 mins of my life. lol... -- You fucked up insulting me first, and I am not going to stop insulting you back, you already fucked that up. I have panties up my ass because you are getting destroyed with facts and logic. You better stop thinking about your moms panties, get them out of your mouth and stop sniffing them, because they are clearly getting to your head.
&gt; the daily show is mostly trump jokes is false and misrepresenting the show based on incomplete facts. When did I say the show was mostly Trump jokes? I said nearly all the adverts are, which is MORE than enough to deter me. Because I do not care to hear about Trump. He is a troll and the liberals don't see it. I don't care to fall for that crap and it is just annoying anyway. It is a liberal broadcast, I prefer unbiased stuff as well... Get over yourself. --- Read this CAREFULLY &gt;I said I don't want to watch Daily Show because they trash Trump and I don't care to hear about Trump. It is that simple. This stuff you are making up is absurd. If you read above that(not quoted here) I clearly said my opinion of him being offended is moot, so it is crazy you'd bring it back up.
Yes, you misunderstood.
About what? I pointed out you couldn't read. You didn't know what you were talking about. I showed you that. You said it was a misunderstanding. I said yes, you clearly didn't understand. Now I'm "triggered" on something I forgot about and don't care about. Okay, good one.. I'm so triggered that I'm going to send this and forget about it.
You're fucking stupid lol
For learning about "where the money comes from." And without getting technical, I'd just listen to what I've linked. It's from one of the greatest philosophers in some time. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN4Cul_W2jM It is also important to understand the difference between money and wealth. Most people for some reason think money creates wealth, but it's the other way around. Money is just a measurement of wealth. There are millions of benefits to UBI, so many people won't work dead end jobs and burn up fossil fuels for no reason, will be able to be home and take care of their kids. Or take classes somewhere. Loving and nurturing will have value as well. People will be able to volunteer their time.
Many would move and have moved to Yang.
UBI has been needed decades ago and would instantly improve the world. The powers that be are licking their chops that you are supporting it as a negative, the more people like you, the longer a utopia and real freedom is going to take sadly. Saying that you are against UBI, is essentially saying you are against spreading the wealth and are FOR giving all the benefits and wealth/money technology creates to the rich only. UBI also puts value on EVERY human being and it will instantly improve their mindset, in seeing that they DO matter. I highly recommend listening to Alan Watts on the difference between wealth and money, and also how automation creates the wealth so people don't have to WASTE GAS to go to POINTLESS jobs. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq7brYIrjWo&amp;t Guys like Elon Musk, MLK, and Alan Watts support it for a VERY good reason, it would eliminate poverty and help save the planet. Also, save countless lives from gangs and so many other things.
This guy is a fucking idiot. Ignores sources and doesn't understand key points. Freedom from jobs, freedom from the rat race, freedom from corruption. It is why Yang calls it the freedom dividend. No reason to go any further. You have an opinion based in establishment reality and are brainwashed. Wake the fuck up and stop pretending you know it all. --- I don't care about Yang at all. You are just a fucking moron who doesn't understand UBI and acts like he does. Ronald Reagan wanted it.. It was supposed to be passed if it weren't for Dems.. Now we just need dems to wake the fuck up.
Like I said. The where does the money come argument is addressed in the video. We are fighting pointless wars. Where does that money come from? How are you more powerful now? Gov't can take trillions of dollars and spend it on shit that fucks us up, but that's okay with you... It makes no sense. You are all over the place and are just making up excuses. The worst part is, I know you are wrong. And I get nothing out of this other than frustration, because you are a fucking idiot.. At the same point I care enough to have you need to know you are wrong, so we can all live happier. If you had that money in your pocket, you would see how you were more powerful now, but once again we aren't there yet. You are a STUPID FUCKING MORON WHO HAS SURFACE LEVEL ARGUMENTS. You are defending the shit that doesn't matter and are upset that technology creates wealth, and that the wealth needs to go somewhere.. But you don't want it to go to the people. Where the fuck should it go then? More wars? You are everything that is wrong with this country. An ignorant, opinionated stooge who is unable to think for himself.. Instead of admitting you have not looked into it or studied it at all on the internet, where it is okay to look stupid. You continue to dig yourself deeper. The hope is that you leave this conversation realizing that you really are stubborn and that your opinions are very stupid and not vased in reality or with facts, or that are particularly backed by anyone. What is so scary about the government being there while we get our fucking money. You are so stupid man. Honestly. You need to get over yourself and admit you are wrong.
&gt;If some one gave me more money? Sure why not just lower my taxes so i can keep my money. Problem solved, no middle man. WHERE WILL THAT MONEY COME FROM? You suggest lowering taxes like that is possible... You realize how many programs will have to be cut and how impossible that would be to pass? Think moron, think. Sure we'd like it, but our dems and repubs will not do that. If you've noticed, they only RAISE taxes. But all of those gov't programs people rely on will be affected. It's like, the only way to get rid of those types of things is to give people money so they don't need to use Gov't programs.. HOLY SHIT. And maybe this would help to lower the taxes, since we won't need to pay for so many people in jail.... Lowering taxes is not much different than UBI and are BOTH something you should be for. Anything to get the money out of the gov'ts hands and into the people's..... ----- THERE WONT BE A FUCKING MIDDLE MAN WITH UBI. TECHNOLOGY CREATES WEALTH &gt; WEALTH GOES TO THE PEOPLE. Really are you that fucking stupid? When everyone has their money to afford basic things, then GUESS WHAT, we can start getting rid of big brother, because people won't be tied down with 9-5 pointless jobs and will be able to volunteer and work towards fixing things that really matter. So yes, if people had $1000, many would volunteer all of their time. Like I said. You are so fucking ignorant it is upsetting. When you say one dumb thing you back it up with an even dumber statement. Seriously. You say lower taxes like that'll fucking work. UBI would pass and would work. You are an establishment/government shill and don't even know. It's fucking sad. The worst part is that we both agree that smaller gov't is needed, you are just too stupid to see that giving people independence with income is how they get there.
You really need to understand the governments function. They are there to make sure that the businesses are playing fair and playing nice with the customers. Here is an great example of the government doing their job - it involved the video game rating system and how it came about: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv3HDVd22P8 They simply never got involved and told the gaming community to figure it out, and if not then the gov't will get involved. Which is enough incentive to make things right.
Look dude. I called you out on 30 inconsistencies, told you that you don't know what you are talking about, and urged you to wake the fuck up and do some research. You don't know what you are talking about and are unwilling to look up any sources. You are a hopeless loser and I honestly hope you wake up. All you need to do is just understand that you don't know shit, and that your opinion is that of a corporate/gov't shill. You are not for the people and are slowing down the process of mankind for the simple fact that you don't listen and can't research yourself Until you can think for yourself you might as well keep going your route. You are going to get burned and proven wrong. The issue is you are burying yourself so deep for no fucking reason other than you are stubborn and refuse to listen to other people. You are sad. And honestly I keep saying this and keep getting topped.. But you are easily the dumbest person I've talked to. Never has anyone had so little substance to their thoughts nor had such terrible comprehension skills. &gt;Dude, you can’t spend 2 sentences crying about lowering taxes being bad... then come to the conclusion it’s the same as UBI. You’re unhinged. I never said they were bad. I said it won't happen, LIBS AND CONSERVATIVES WILL NOT LOWER TAXES. You can say how you want it, but it won't happen. This is how stupid you are. You don't even get that point. I scoffed at your idiocy for thinking that's a good idea but UBI isn't when either way they are good for the people. And one can be passed, while lowering taxes is just not going to happen no matter how bad we want it. &gt;If people had 1000 they would volunteer? According to who? Millions of people volunteer their time because it makes them feel good already. Are you mad? MANY people who have disposable income volunteer all their time and produce humanitarian projects. So many more people will want to get involved in things they care about.. &gt;My plan to make government smaller. THEN SUPPORT UBI YOU FUCKING MORON. MONEY DIRECTLY IN YOUR HANDS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE GOVERNMENT. You once again didn't link another video on how the government works. THE PEOPLE ARE THE GOVERNMENT AND DECIDE HOW IT SHOULD BE USED. RIGHT NOW THE GOVERNMENT IS IN CONTROL. The government will tell the businesses that they have to pay the $1000. We are a republic, which gives power to the people and these people are represented through the government. If you watched the video, you will see what the government's function is. This is once again you not watching the video to see how the government didn't get involved more than saying. If you don't get a system in place we will take over. &gt;Government makes sure companies play nice with customers? You’re an idiot (appropriate response right?) like Jim crow laws. (Let’s see if you can stay on topic and answer this specific thing... which we both know from evidence you’ll ignore) I wish I knew what the fuck you are even saying here. But you are so stupid and don't realize you aren't even finishing sentences. I have blocked you. And may God have mercy on your soul. I can't take how fucking stupid you are. Mark my works. IT WILL catch up to you.
I wasn't trying to change anyone's mind. Shut the fuck up.
You are out there.
Psycho..
I've literally only had problems with Bernie people and have proof of them calling people racists in my history, for voting for Trump. Bernie is spreading hate and blame as well - and his solution is to give us more government, so I am not really a fan.
Never said you did. He's the leader, he can tell them to stop and be polite himself. This is what Yang does and is the type of politician we need in drives, people with plans and are focus on solving problems rather than pointing blame and alienating people. Bernie should not have his main selling points be about blame and hate. That's where it starts.
Not blame and attack people himself?
The rich? Trump? They are not the issue. He is blaming people instead of giving solutions. CLIMATE CHANGE IS HERE! FOLLOW ME! MORE GOVERNMENT! --- UBI will solve most of the issues he's crying about and blaming people for. Free people up and they can volunteer and not waste fossil fuels going to pointless jobs.
I can't wait for this episode of Cold Case.
&gt; Bernie 2- does Yang not blame corporations like Amazon for skipping out on taxes, No. Technology is used to benefit mankind. Amazon is going to get taxed regardless. His plan, which is an idea that has been around for a long time, and will work, is UBI. Where you take wealth from technology and spread it among the people. This is clearly a LOOPHOLE that can be fixed. Why would he blame Amazon for going by the book? They've done nothing illegal, please wake up. Stupid #1. 2)How is my 12 grand a year going to convince a foreign government to adopt emissions standards, exactly? IT ISN'T, NEITHER WILL BERNIE. The money will FREE people from the brainwashing that YOU and other idiots are in the middle of. Fighting over pointless shit and thinking the government controls shit. WE ARE LETTING THEM CONTROL IT. Nothing can help you, you are stubborn and think you know it all. Why do you think Crying about climate change is going to solve anything? People are already working to solve it. People like ELON MUSK who can see the future and are doing their best to help ignorant people like you have a bright future. Instead of giving The government more control and letting bigots decide what happens(yes Berners are bigots). &gt; youre welcome to not like the government, I don't like it and don't dislike it. I know it's function and I know we are a REPUBLIC and aren't SOCIALIST. SO SOCIALISM ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN. ..Yang people are illinformed? I'm not even voting. I just know UBI is important and I know Yang Gang are decent human beings who care. Berners are ASSHOLES who are EXCLUSIVE and think Bernie is the only answer. When Bernie is not going to even beat Trump, because he is a socialist.. And no one wants more government. Bernie NEEDS Yang, but Berners are assholes to Yang gang. And let's be clear the Yang Gang does not need Berners, they'll vote for Yang over Trump no matter what.. Yang gang has so many that will vote for Trump.
WOW you have a doctorate in economics! You are still a fucking loser and are stupid. You've fallen for the game and now think I should bow down to you because you went to college for something you could learn online. CNOGRATUFUCKINGLATIONS! What did you prove me wrong on? I said Berners are the worst and you've proved that. That's an opinion. Your economics degree doesn't help you realize that opinions backed up by facts make people decide. I've decided that Berners are the worst.
Wait, the Bernie crowd says they are Woke? Woke clearly isn't the same thing as experiencing enlightenment. As someone that knows what being enlightened actually is.. They are not, if they were they wouldn't be calling themselves woke or liberals, and certainly wouldn't be so crazy and hateful about politics. Yang is the closest thing to the center(which is where real "woke" people actually prowl) and appears to have been enlightened himself.
Upon barely looking, Woke Leftists is a clear thing. https://wqad.com/2020/01/24/joe-rogan-trends-1-on-twitter-as-woke-leftists-rage-over-his-half-endorsement-of-bernie-sanders/ https://www.spiked-online.com/2019/12/24/the-left-needs-to-drop-the-woke-nonsense/ They are "woke" with their definition, but if they are talking about true awakening then they fall way short. And I have been told that Bernie is a leftist, not actually a liberal..
The leftists are apparently nuts, smug, and think they are woke, so know better than everyone else. That was not a trans-phobic comment. It was his opinion that you shouldn't fuck with nature. That whole movement is honestly sick, and it is crazy that the people supporting this think they are in the right.
Which is why it is so easy for me to tell other people to check him out and support him. This is the most interested, engaged, and positive I've been in politics. I'm still not voting, but my hope is that Yang will make it so conservatives answer back with more centered people(who know that we are just bringing up both sides of the argument to get the best decision for the time - the best solution can always switch with time), who rival and I wouldn't care if they beat Yang at that point, especially if they end up being a better choice than Yang, which would really be something. It won't matter who will get in - and I think people will less likely call themselves a lefty or a righty. If this happens it is clear they will be more likely to work together, and drawing from the center is always a good idea. Haha, explaining spiritiuality or tao in anyway isn't really the answer, all you can do is point to the direction. South Park slowly enlightened me, or got me on the path of not labeling myself - as to not be made fun of by them. Alan Watts is who nailed it home.
Enlightenment is just an aha moment. I'm not anything. Even labeling myself as enlightened wouldn't even be correct. What got me was that I saw that I was just energy(I saw visual trails, of where I was a split second before, and that I am essentially a flame), pixel by pixel, along with everything else that makes this up. If I say I am anything more than energy, then I am lying to myself. If people say they are enlightened then they aren't. They could have experienced enlightenment or satori, but if they say that the are enlightened, then they don't get it. If someone identifies as a liberal, they really aren't, it is more of an act than anything. --- It is the most stupid simple game, but when you get it, it's impossible to explain. Because you can't explain the unexplainable. --- Also, someone else responded to me, check out his posts. He knows(that you don't know and can never know). --- I recommend Alan Watts or the Tao Te Ching, if it actually interests you. No need to join a religion, just learn about them. Taoism, Hinduism, and buddhism. Learn about them, but don't join them.
This is the most important thing commenters and upvoters could do in this subreddit, please make sure this is upvoted to the top above the small talk. I will now check this one out. -- watched it -- It was okay.
So think about it this way. If all the "enlightened" people bought into that, then it would just be a game of one upsmanship. That's just a cult, like Scientology. I'm level 5 theton, or whatever.
I'm uninformed because I say Joe isn't a transphobe because I heard what he said. There is a thing called nuance. Which is clearly lost on in your cloud of smugness, and thinking you are better than other people by calling them transphobes. Shame on you. You are nothing more than an intolerant bigot. Bigots are the worst.
I'm not hating on it, I am not going to recommend it to people like I'd recommend paradise lost or the Jinx.
Yep! To be clear, I was just merely talking about labels, I'm not labeled as anything. Aside from a White Sox fan/Chicago fan. Way too fun not to get involved in that. I don't know who I am!
I found it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pRVgRdtH7c I'll def listen to it, I really enjoy listening and not reading, lol. The very first line is something I've heard from Alan Watts.
I'm talking to one person, you. You insulted me. And I'm telling you that you're an idiot and to stfu. :() Think what you want, no one cares.
Okay. So this documentary SUCKS. And you've just solved that case. I'm sorry you dealt with that and know you're strong. Keep fighting.
This is a much better description than what I said. Thanks.
All good. I'm ganna find a good source for it, I will try to read that. I was just checking to see if that was a good one. I honestly love.doing physical therapy while I listen, and get lost when I read. I end up reading the same lines and get nothing out of it. This is a far as I go, because so many times have I misread what people say to me. I have some type of undiagnosed dyslexia.
I started listening to my body it tells you what to do to fix it. That was the most enlightening thing for me.
Okay. My issue with you is that he's a"delusional American"... Which makes it's sound to me like you might be someone to look over.. Question. Is it okay to have relations with young boys and girls? Furthermore, had anyone done something like that would you consider it okay? Let's pretend he was lying... The fact is pedophile ring will be a huge issue not talked about by the mainstream.
Why are things about Pedos getting downvoted and instantly discredited? It doesn't make sense and is spooky to me. Are there people there at all times ready to downvote this stuff, and upvote a pedo defender?
He defended pedos in a different thread too. Acting like pedo rings don't exist in the UK. Unsolicited and unwarranted.
You are the worst.... Seriously. You are the real bigot here. There has BEEN NO ONE LIKE YANG in any color. If you are upset that he threw shade at Asian's unintentionally then go somewhere.. There may never be another Yang in any color.. Well my feeling is that this Yang will create a lot of future Yangs(of all colors, shapes, sizes, and sexes). And if you don't like a fellow Asian telling you something, that you guys are very DAOIST, then he's right. You guys are Daoist, maybe you don't know it.. But I love eastern philosophy as a white dude, so I will gladly school you on the great philosophies of the east.
Honestly, I'm creeped out by this.
I didn't defend anyone. I said you need to be checked out.. And you creep me the fuck out. This only adds to that. Your arguments make no sense and no one is arguing your weird takes...
Whether that guy lied or not is moot, you are still the scary one. And it certainly is possible that she could have been killed for exposing Pedos. In fact, it makes way too much sense. And your way of calling people "americans" makes you even fucking weirder, like it has to do with anything. I've never had the willies before by someone on Reddit.. You're the first.. --- Your PRO PEDO shit got upvoted and anything calling out pedos got downvoted..
Because Daoism is very different than Christianity.. And Daoists are known to be very hands off on purpose. We base our philosophy off a God in the Sky in the west.. God ie dao is essientially the course of nature in Daoism, however the real Tao can't be described. Lao Tzu's book the Tao Te Ching is recommended to everyone.. Not just Asians. It is one of the best books out there.
You are literally nuts. I never pretended to say I know what it's like to be Asian. You're American too, lol...
What you are saying is based in reality and the other guy just has some deep issues he needs to address. Period. I tried talking sense into him, but he's up his own ass, being racist, then calling other people racist. I'm a white guy, so I can't understand eastern philosophy according to him. And for some reason he thinks that I think I am Asian because I love eastern philosophy and recommend it to everyone.. His only argument that might stick is, maybe you are a little harder on Asians( edit: I want to be clear I know you are Asian) that you should be, but even then I know you have wiggle room in what you said.
&gt;Trubisky just isn’t the answer in Chicago right now. This is absurd. He got us in position to move on to the playoffs and is clutch EVERY time. He took up 6million in cap space, and had no help around him. What you are saying is nonsense. He's a developing QB with a dumb coach. He puts Cohen in the backfield every play when we have Montgomery.. Please watch the tape never lies on youttube. Drew Brees took 5 seasons to have the season Trubs did in his second year, and Trubs was supposed to be developed. Also, Bret Favre took 4 years as well. So lets abandon him because we have idiot fans who don't like him because we moves up to draft him and Mahomes was behind him.. NO QB HAD LESS EXPERIENCE, the only comparable would be Newton. Crying about him missing some reads is the dumbest argument. He'll improve. He's the best QB we've had and our fans are ruining him because they fucking suck. Our fans were booing our offense the very first game. They wanted him gone the first game. People are stupid.
Shut up.
How many Weatherlight, Visions, and Chronicles booster boxes are there out there? There is something to be said about having older boxes like that in tact.
What is even more sick is you think you being a creep is a joke.
Reciting a song while making a joke about you being a pedo is fucking gross man. There is nothing funny about this. It is absolutely nuts that you think this is.
Usually it is one person in position of power and the others are shaking their heads screaming nooo. Now that stubborn person is probably understanding.
I feel like that both can work together, with UBI being the obvious and earth-saving move. I suppose, honestly, a FJG can be there, for people who want jobs but aren't able to find one, for whatever reason in the community where UBI is prevalent. That would be as simple as creating sweet avenues for people to choose and learn things. For instance, one path would be military, which should turn strictly into humanitarian issues. Like helping in natural disasters and risking your life in many different situations. Another path could be sports, another could be music, acting, computers, ai, and so on.. But as always, this can be done privately, so honestly it should really just be the Gov'ts job to make sure that the private companies are playing fair and have the people's interest along with the environment in mind.
I watched and I didn't even notice the commentary team, just like sometimes you don't notice the bass in a song, but it's clearly there making the song better. That is a good thing.
Maybe try reading his books instead? The end result of Alan Watt's teachings is that you no longer need anything to hold onto. And furthermore anyone who says that they know(other than saying they know they don't know) Is lying. I recommend South Park too, they are very Daoist in what they do. My guess is that they Trey listened to Watts. Sorry your friend did that, that isn't on Watts, I'm sure you know that - but he's also one of the best teachers, sadly. I understand why it may be hard, but a lot getting over your fears and confronting them will be the best move. Good luck in whatever you decide. --- Buddhism and Hinduism are also very cool, don't leave those out.
Talk about an all time idiot. lol Wow. MTGfinance has a lot of idiots and this guy is after the crown. When did I say that WAR boxes were rare like revised? I said I'm interested in the old ones, like the ones I mentioned(that era, not just those 3). NEVER did I say it was a good idea to buy the new ones, I have some Dominaria and ultimate masters which have done well. Andrew Yang isn't going anywhere, someone who has support from the left and right, is young and has an active, great following. MLK championed UBI, Alan Watts said we need it, Reagan did, and even Elon Musk knows. Conservatives are on board, it's just the "progressives" that are too woke for their own good. Might want to check him out, unlike you - he know what he is talking about and can actually read. But that might not be your thing as you are pretty stupid and might want to keep things that way.
ToYou have issues and are racist?? The facts were you made shit up. I called you on it. Now you are trying to hide from it with kindergarten insults. Lol. Now you won't research and would rather stay ignorant. Exactly like I said you would. What a shock. Haha. Your jokes are more corny than Indiana. Don't try them in person you'll get torched. Those jokes wouldn't land anywhere.
I'm being serious. Do you know your an idiot? Do your peers tell you this(in a nice way of course - it can't be hidden, you are really stupid)? Do you even know what you are talking about? I have a special cousin that likes trivia. I'd love for him to play you, because he can probably win. Let me know if you'd like to do this: https://jeopardylabs.com/play/special-education-trivia I usually have him play kids, but you're perfect. I would blame your stupidity on your school, but it is obvious you don't care about your own education. Why are you bringing trans issues into this? Your head is fucked man, you don't think that was funny do you? Cancer diagnoses are funnier.
Bernie is left, Yang is closer to center, I'd willing to put my life on it that Watts would choose Yang(if forced to pick a candidate left or right). UBI would be the kicker, as Watts was a huge proponent of it. I don't want to rain on your parade, but the middle(especially the right) doesn't really like the leftist movement, and they are getting out of hand and teetering on extremism. Bernie is creating seperation and hate honestly. It's sad where his campaign was and where it is now. Bernie doesn't scare me(he's genuine), it is his crazy following(also americans don't like socialism). He just isn't ganna beat Trump, he's too far left and doesn't appeal to the middle, left alone the liberals. That is a huge problem.
What are you talking about rofl. What skin do I have to put in the game? I'll do it. I will be like Eminem and you will be one of the first black dudes to get destroyed by him in 8 mile(you made it a race thing for some reason, which shows you are fucking crazy). You just make no sense. Let's be clear. You are really stupid and you don't even know what you are talking about. So if you don't know, how do you expect me to know. Lol. -- This is a thread that I need to save so I can read back in the future for some good laughs.
Trump is a fucking bull. He charges forward and breaks any shit in his way. The good news is we can rebuild behind him while he clears the path and takes all the blame. I heard him called a bull - it's so true.
In my mind. The best way to create a character is to create a story around your matches. Don't worry about the gimmick, worry about the story and how your character will react to it. Practice shooting more and more videos to make it seem real. What is your current action? I feel like most matches. Wrestlers don't care about the wins or losses in character. It's like a clean slate every time. Naw man. If I lose, I hate it. I go crazy. I let people know I'm on a losing streak, and I either turn it around, or keep doubling down and looking more stupid that I'm going to win the next one(I've created a story right there). Then you can see that I am a real jerk, or maybe not, you really find out who you are. And then we have something to build to.. Someone hit you in the head with a chair to win the match. Wouldn't you be pissed off and mention it after he bragged about it? Or would you be a bitch? That is what I don't like about Indie wrestling. A lot of the times they just throw guys together for no reason, and then next week they are gone. I can keep going, but that's all I do. I guess you can see how I went from a jobber to a gimmick.. I made the videos myself. I didn't have a gimmick, but this other guy did and our booker told me that he wants me to be his student. But before that I had to lose to a Goldberg pretty much. So this is the idea I came up with and I shot it without telling my booker. He loved it. Sadly I am still injured so I haven't been able to do anything. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wLIbkec1oU When I come back I'm going to be completely different and have learned from joining his Rex Kwan Do and ultimately get my revenge. Hope that helps.
Does AOC count as a woman of color? Because if so I'm ganna cringe as her as a possibility. But then also know that Trump is winning.
Just want to mention. It is actually the right thing to do. When you get out you don't want your clothes to be wet - you'll continue to freeze. Rather than get your warmth back and dry off with your clothes. In the wilderness, 100% he's taking his underwear off too. Otherwise he'd have to dry it off at the fire, if he had one.
Thanks for eliminating that possibility for me. Not being sarcastic. However, if Bernie is only going after a women of color.. Well I am less excited about him than I already was, unless that woman is for UBI and has a vision like Yang. And sticks to the issues at hand rather than blaming etc.
Second Pete supporter I've come across in here. 2 out of 2 on being classy.
My point went completely over your head. What does him having a vice(which keeps you grounded in this reality) have to do with telling you that left and right politics are for all intents and purposes, irrelevant and that's what Bernie is. That's not to say that he isn't a great guy - he obviously cares. Yang is definitely familiar with the Tao te Ching, i can tell that without asking him. He is literally executing what Watts teaches. He sees through the left and right game and is sticking to problem solving.
Crypto is there waiting for the next crash too, so lots of people will have reserves there too.
Why meditate? You need reading comprehension skills, some common sense, and to punch yourself in the head. Being a leftist means the person doesn't get it. Neither do you. Meditate all you want, it's not going to help the fact that you didn't understand my point. Sorry you are upset that you like Bernie so much. Berners are literally the hardest and most stubborn, self-righteous people that you are going to meet.
Someone else talked about Bernie and I can do what the fuck I want. You need to get the fuck out of my business you stupid piece of shit. People like you are the worst. There is nothing to figure out you stupid fuck. With that, I don't have to sit here and take shit from a fucking loser like you, after you insulted me first. Fuck off you loser. I don't care who you vote for, but Bernie is not Zen. Yang is. He is falling for mutual arising(left and right create each other), so it is VERY relevant to this post.
If you want me to school you on Alan Watts teachings. I will. I know that I don't know shit, and neither do you. And I also know that you are labeling yourself and are a lefty. I'm nothing. I know what Yang is doing and I know Yang isn't going anywhere - I'm also not voting for him, or anyone. If he wins, he will CLEARLY be the best candidate and help the human race the most. All this means is that you don't get Alan Watts teachings.. Which is fine, but Yang is the closest thing to what Alan Watts teaches, and you can tell he is VERY familiar with the Tao Te Ching. So, all I was doing was helping to point you guys more to the center. I can write you a paper on all of the things that Alan Watts would be against that Bernie does. Mainly blaming the rich and not understanding UBI is the answer. I can link these videos to you if you'd like to hear him say it himself.
I just made you my bitch. Don't ever tell someone what to do again. You don't even know what you are talking about, pure idiot.
So basically, the same could be said for any candidate. And an obvious smear. It's so crazy how they are trying to get people to give up and act like he's not a factor. That whole aura is a lie, but people fall for it apparently. They all seriously think we are going to bow to Bernie.. But I prefer Trump at this point. Get us real candidates or you guys get Trump. Simple as that. I really wish Bernie didn't hate the rich and support hate. I'd really consider him over Trump.. I don't even care about the socialist part, it's just not ganna work in the US. Do Biden supporters like Yang #2?
The Dems deserved Trump last time. And they deserve him again next time. I always called Trump a Wrench thrown into a system. Like a F you to our Gov't for being that bad that we had to give you guys Trump, which we knew would begin the fall of the establishment's ridiculous power. I heard Trump called a bull. He just fucking charges in and wrecks shit for us to rebuild. Which has it's benefits. Another 4 years of Trump does not scare me like it would scare me if every candidate got in minus Tulsi and our boy. It's gotten so bad keeping Yang in the game that Tulsi has become an afterthought. I have a feeling Yang and Tusli supporters would have gotten along great had she gotten to catch a little more fire. She is here for the foreseeable future, and so is Yang is also here long term regardless.
This is the correct sentiment. No one who didn't have a problem with Trump is going to want to change to Bernie.. In fact, if you don't watch liberal channels, Trump has been fine and amusing to a lot of people. Although, yes, he is an idiot. There is nothing wrong with Trump. The people that are the bigots are the left who call everyone a racist who votes for him. So I just call them all criminals back for voting for Hillary. Especially with how TERRIBLE that base has been. I liked them up until a few months ago..
lol. That's awesome. Be nice and see their side, but just say I really think Yang is a nice guy and you'd like him. No one is that bad, our politics are so bad that everyone on the other side is evil, and no one really is. Check out Joe Rogans podcast today. It is with the black guy that got KKK members to leave it. It's the same psychology on how to get people to the middle in politics(which is what Yang truthfully is). I haven't mastered the technique, but MR rogers had it, and the guy I mentioned does too.
Have you talked to the head trainer? Do you think you might be intimidating to the boys? Perhaps the boys are shy in talking to you as well? Do you ask other students to work on things? Like, hey can I try this on you? Or I think that's great, can you teach me that? As long as you listen and improve, people will work with you.
Okay, I went back and looked at your last post from before. I hate to say this, but you might just want to find a different school. That school just doesn't seem like a good fit for you. If there isn't another school in the area, I'd look into moving to train. I know damn well my school has girls that are way smaller than you that are actively wrestling. It is 3 months of hell, but we have students taking bookings after 3 months all the time. You only train 3 months, then you can either quit, or stay in Iowa hang out with the guys and gals and travel with them, most of whom have moved to Iowa from all over the US. Or you can go back home and use your training back in the promotion that snubbed you. Your school has had people training for two years, while the girls I know have been having matches and graduated in 3 months. If you are still loving wrestling despite your school, then I highly recommend just finding the school you like most. I highly recommend finding a place where you can stay after you graduate and continue to hone your skills, because 3 months is not enough time honestly.
She took the progressive lane this time and thought she could beat Bernie..
Oh stop with this BS.
For those that don't know. Tree fiddy is from South Park.. episode think it's called succubus. Three dollars and 50 cents is how much tree fiddy is not $350. So even if that were true it still would be a great deal. If anyone gets a free buff make sure to tip them $3.50 they'll know why.
They revisited the joke in that episode. I was right. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Succubus_(South_Park)
You have no idea what I'm talking about. Let me be clear. I am a westerner and I am aware. Which you apparently ARE NOT, of the crusades, among us coming to the US and wiping out the native Americans... Just to name a couple. https://www.quora.com/Followers-of-which-religion-caused-the-most-deaths-in-the-world Our Western religion come from the old testament, a jewish text https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Testament#:~:text=The%20Old%20Testament%20(abbreviated%20OT,the%20sacred%20Word%20of%20God. Christianity as a whole, is that better. I was just generalizing, most people I know are Catholics. But what I was saying was not just Catholics. You completely missed my point and made up something that has nothing to do with anything. Literally has ZERO to do with my point. At ALL. Do you always do this? The fact is simple we base our philosophy after the old testament and created the rule of law as well. Even those that reject God are still following the old testament IE are westerners. The White supremacists are looped in with what I am talking about, not separate.. They base their beliefs off of their western religion. -- Honestly, please just stop. It is mind bending how off base you are in not getting my point. And how pointless it is that I have to explain that the white supremacists ARE INCLUDED as they base their beliefs off of western thinking.
Who? You? Seems that way since you can't read.
I missed them, what were they?
This isn't always true. I hate when people say this. Especially if you know what you are doing.. then MTG is much better. Force of Will Alliances won't be as good as a lot of other MTG investments, but it might do better than a lot of stocks.
LOD had it mentioned it in their dark side of the ring. Stone Cold mentioned that he wasn't completely smartened up. I've heard stories all over.
This is ridiculous. There has been literally no change to your life from president to president. Trump has ZERO authority of my life and the only reason I hear about him is because the media makes tons of money off of him.
No it doesn't. Now grow up. Turn off the TV and go outside.
You still have massive issues letting Trump dominate your life and posting crap like this that satisfies some weird internal self-righteousness. You are part of the problem, not part of the solution. You are one of those people in the suits as you wanted this government and continue to support it, you just don't know it because you are brainwashed and think your side is beter. Which is a laugh, sad, and a very serious issue. It's been pretty obvious to me that the left are the racists.
You have TDS. Go watch what right wingers say. They say he's AWESOME. So there is no right answer. Grow up and stop choosing sides and being a hateful asshole.
Lol. I get satire, but I don't care to see Trump on my feed, let alone post about it. You're a loser. It's simple.
You don't like the truth.
Us vs them mentality. You have enemies because you create them and fall for this. Stop.
You think the left and right aren't one in the same. laughable.
EXACTLY. So it would be consistent with me saying shut the F up about him.
Trump is only your nemesis if you create it.
They are the government. They aren't separate.. IDK why you would think that.
Believe what? There is nothing to believe.
https://www.newsweek.com/democrats-are-real-racists-minority-americans-are-taking-note-opinion-1450585 They say you are the real racists. While we know damn well the right has racists in it.. The fact that the left thinks black people are incompetent and can't find things like the voting booth is extremely racist. Furthermore, stuck up white people saying they care about blacks for votes is a show. Hence why Biden passed that bill.
I asked you a question.. You said people aren't going to believe me. I never told anyone to believe anything.
The best you came up with something that has always happened due to inflation? Holy moley you are lost, lol.
Allow me to correct your mistake. Modern Horizons was printed to demand for 9 months. So that means any growth on that product is impossible within that time frame, barring something crazy. usually after the 9 months print to demand products usually start going up in value. In this case, I think there were thousands of people like you who bought too early.
&gt;I believe what I believe That's just it. You believe, like there is some God involved or something. Just because Catholics, Jews, etc decided that they want to believe in a God, doesn't mean you need to believe in something. You've fallen into the same trap. There is nothing to believe. Who told you that you had to believe? YOU MADE THIS UP FOR YOURSELF. You don't have to take sides, but you do, and then you get mad when someone who sees through the game tells you that you are brainwashed. I literally just explained why in the same sentence. And you don't have to buy into the media/lies. enlightened centrism go together. Enlightenment is an aha moment. And when you see through the BS you can't help but call it out to people like you. As I've said, and you don't understand. Now, you need to decide if this is because you aren't smart and are ignorant. Or if you are purposefully not understanding my point because if you did then your whole world you've built for yourself crumbles. You mock people for calling out your BS and then you tell them to go to a subreddit you clearly don't understand.. You are so lost it's hilarious. As I said. Go find someone who doesn't watch the news/media - then ask them about Trump. Trump will not have played the tiniest role in their life, just like Kim Jong Un, or Pooh Bear. Trump dominates yours because you are crazy and buy into nonsense. You should look into finding the center so you aren't an asshole that has enemies at all points. That is all that happened. You created enemies when you chose a side. It is called TRIBALISM and you are part of the problem. You created your hate. You created you infatuation with Trump. YOU DEVELOPED IT AND LET IT FLOURISH.
There is no way I'm reading all of that. No I don't have any beliefs? Why would I bother? I predict the Sox will have a winning season.
I'm not right wing. Your brain is severely scrambled. That's your problem. You have to label things. Why does everyone need to be in groups? So you have people to hate/be against? You are the one choosing to have foes.
It's ganna go up, it's just a matter of when now. Everyone loves it.
Ah. I see why people are angry, but people should probably confront that, accept that people learned bad behavior, and help them correct it, because that is how a lot of white people feel. Turning this guy into a bad person and exiling him doesn't solve anything, it only creates enemies.
Every time I've cornered people on their bull shit they seem to post this. You are the one that the joke is on. You are buying into politics and becoming a hateful drone, not me. So maybe that is where you should start lurking.
You don't know what a bigot is do you?? Lol, this is rich. I will leave the definition here for you and then simply laugh and shake my head at your nonsense. &gt;Bigot - intolerance toward those who hold different opinions from oneself. Also, you didn't deny that you are hateful. Heard no splash there..
That's the issue. You are so brainwashed and hateful that you'd rather hate people because it's cool and you feel self righteous by creating enemies and pretending they are bad and you are good... Rather then try to mend fences and heal. This is very sad that none of you can see this.
The fact that you are more concerned with calling people racists and defining what you think is racist. Rather than seeing this is taught behavior that can changed is quite alarming. Biden said lock those SOBs up! https://www.nytimes.com/2019/06/25/us/joe-biden-crime-laws.html He is racist too then. And that is YOUR party. &gt;“The truth is,” Mr. Biden had boasted a year earlier in a speech on the Senate floor, “every major crime bill since 1976 that’s come out of this Congress, every minor crime bill, has had the name of the Democratic senator from the State of Delaware: Joe Biden.” This law made it OKAY FOR COPS TO FUCK WITH BLACK PEOPLE. THIS IS WHAT IS PLAYING OUT IN FRONT OF THE VERY PERSON THAT CAUSED THIS. AND BLACK PEOPLE ARE GOING TO VOTE FOR HIM. There is a clear double standard here, and it all stems from the fact that YOUR guy didn't win the election. Stop caring and start helping with the healing rather than being a brainwashed drone.
I've been cutting up flat rate boxes into the size of cards and taping a sleeved card(s) to those. Then I'll take the flat rate envelops and cut those up for the other side to cover the other side. For added protection. Top loaders are an expense, so if I am selling a card where my profit margins are so low, this helps.
I'll take the risk if this is the case. Did you buy from a seller with 100% feedback and other sold?
Yes they are. To ship stuff.
LO FUCKING L. You are a joke for saying this.How hard is it to cut up a box someone ships to you?
Use cardboard then. lol.
I have 100% positive feedback and cut up used boxes rather than throwing them out. You should try it rather than being an asshole unwilling to try new things.
You are reusing other peoples' top loaders? LOL! Are you on welfare? That is terrible. You can't pay for your own? I use cardboard when the margins are within 10-35 cents.
Well throwing away or burning up cardboard is not. Shame on you.
You are a negative bigot(and not very bright) and I am just calling you out on that, this is all this was. To be very clear.
I ship them perfectly. You stop being a negative POS. That is all I ask. The cardboard is STRONGER than the shitty plastic, and on nice cards. I use a toploader AND a piece of box, because it IS better. Maybe you should try it instead of being some ass? WHY would I send cards in a top loader that cost less than to toploader? YOU don't think. If I sell something for $1.60. It is minus .55, minus .10 for a toploader, and minus 10 for an envelope.\ Those 10 cents ARE WELL WORTH IT IN THOSE TRANSACTIONS.
I use two/three small pieces of tape.. To secure the card... So, yeah, please refrain from being as ass. Thanks.
You are whacked in the head.
I have nothing wrong against your opinion. You are also whacked in the head, neither of those are true.
So you are just saying I should throw them out? Or like a lot of people do. And I do occasionally to start fires. Burn them? You are very clueless. I still threw out over 15 boxes 3 days ago, flat rate boxes seem to be a nice size, strength, and thickness so I prefer those. But I cut open other boxes I get as well. This is hilarious. Now it is illegal to cut up boxes? This is rich. The cards I am selling and putting cardboard with are worth less than the cards themselves one. And most of the time I also have a toploader if the card has any type of value, along with a piece of a box.. For added security.
You're not too bright I see. And you aren't judge and jury anyway. Probably will start doing that when I'm in a pinch, never thought about just grabbing them and cutting them up. Good thinking.
Why don't you go read what I said. This just proves you aren't bright and just are a negative asshole. Worse other people already said what you did and you repeated their same mistake. If one did cut the boxes up for use. They'd still be sending money to USPS via stamps. Use your head. Seems like you're pissed off you don't have a brain and didn't think to cut up boxes first.
You are so clueless it is unbelievable. There is no way around it. It's unreal. What you are saying wouldn't apply to me, but I gave a reason for if it did they'd still be making good money from said boxes. You are just reaching to save face. Because you are a ninny. Their concern in that is clearly for people to use massive amounts to load big boxes. That is a waste. The money from the stamps clearly would cover the cost of boxes plus net a nice profit. The best part is you can use old ones, or any boxes. As I said I prefer flat rate over other ones. The profits they get would COMBAT the issue you are talking about, not add to it.
I am trucking with you because you are clueless. No one ever said to take boxes from the Post office and do that, you guys did. I said I may in a pinch now that you mention it. More to spite you for being an asshole, along with these others. For NO REASON, other than you are assholes in real life and choose to be that way rather than be nice and make the distinction, not chastise someone for no fucking reason and basically accuse them because the hair up your butt hasn't been removed. I just threw out 12 fucking boxes. Including smaller flat rate ones. I'll keep the bigger ones and cut them up,that arent' fucked up for OBVIOUS FUCKING REASONS. because LIKE I SAID. When you are selling cards with low margins then using a toploader gets rid of any profit. But yeah, you'd rather accuse and be an asshole rather than take a good idea and put it to use.
Yeah, I ordered flat rate boxes and threw them directly in the garbage. ROLL FUCKING EYES. Have you not ordered something online? Have you not read any of my posts? Should I feel back about throwing out my emeril box instead? --- Seriously, how hard is it to understand what I am saying. You can cut up any boxes. I PREFER FLAT RATE, others can be good, I PREFER the cut up flat rates. I've thrown out hundreds of boxes. I am being vague to troll you and mess with you because you are unbelievably dense.
Let's see, Someone sent the box to me. I cut it up. I sent cards with a stamp. So they made $22 + $8 off of one box. IF someone is doing what you are suggesting. Go to the PO directly then cut the boxes up and send them with stamps, you are still talking a $8 profit and STILL well worth it for USPS to keep producing boxes. Funny you don't know simple math. The law you were talking about was to use excessive boxes to fill out large packages, however sure it can be abused - this has nothing to do with my tip to cut up boxes, I prefer flat rate ones. I just pointed out that it is still a profit any way you look at it, it wouldn't be if someone wasted 5 boxes to send 1 item in a bigger box. Which has nothing to do with anything, just pointing out it wouldn't bankrupt them and would actually help.
This was your first post. &gt;that's pretty frugal and illegal. IT IS SMART AND LEGAL. AS I've said. If you are selling cards with low margins, putting them in a toploader makes it not worth it. So I do this for low value cards I want to get rid of, otherwise there is no point as I'd lose money. It isn't about frugality, it is smart. Because I'd LOSE money otherwise. Don't post dumb shit or accuse people of being a criminal and cheap??? That is exactly what you did to me, now you are playing victim. Ha.
Where did I ever say I go to the Post office and cut new boxes up? I said it once sarcastically about 10 mins ago, and mentioned hey it's a good idea that you suggested and I might in a pinch, as a troll, but maybe I will to spite you. No way to tell since I have so many boxes coming in and out that it wouldn't make sense for me to cut a new one up since I'd have to go get more to ship then... Show me. I prefer flat rate boxes to cut up. You being an idiot trying to save face because I cornered you for being an ignorant asshole, with ZERO smarts. Instead of being like.. Hey, I can cut up boxes instead of throwing them out, I can save money and send the cards in a safer way. Fuck, I'm ganna use that. What do you do? You are an asshole out the gate. No bones about it. You accuse me of something. You make up lies. I show you that the law that you are talking about isn't really to prevent what you are suggesting anyway, and that you'd be wrong and that they would make a profit from it. Which is MOOT, but hilarious nonetheless. --- Once again. You could have said.. Hey I can cut up used boxes! What did you do instead? Decided to be a negative jerk, which probably carries over into the real world and makes it so no one wants to be near you.
I am going to throw tape all over every single one of my top loaders and send them that way. I mean it. I am also going to advocate lots of tape use. So just know I am taking those all off the market and making them useless to spite you and make cardboard the way to go. Especially since plastic is actually wasteful/dangerous. I win twice now. HA. Big mistake trying your hokey crap on me. My third win will either be you NOT cutting up boxes to spite me, and in turn screw yourself.. OR you do it and then I have the satisfaction of knowing that I won there too. So either way I set myself up for an easy win / goal there too.
Let's back track and get what actually happened. Love chalking up another win. Someone else, and the chain you posted in.. &gt;that's pretty frugal and illegal. My response to that person: &gt;So you are just saying I should throw them out? Or like a lot of people do. And I do occasionally to start fires. Burn them? ---This is me setting a trap. You then butted in with this. &gt;So you are just saying I should throw them out? Or like a lot of people do. And I do occasionally to start fires. Burn them? You then came in with what you said: &gt;No, you shouldn't pick them up to begin with.. If you're just cutting up flat rate boxes that other people are sending to you, then fine. My response &gt;You're not too bright I see. And you aren't judge and jury anyway. Probably will start doing that when I'm in a pinch, never thought about just grabbing them and cutting them up. Good thinking. this is the gem that you can't back up and your response to me: &gt;If you can't understand why multiple people are calling you out for abusing a free service in an unintended manner, then you're the idiot. If you're unrepentant about being a selfish fuck then just say so, because then we'll all be on the same page. So yeah. YOU LOSE, again 4 times. You wanted to attack me and be a negative asshole, which is what I called you out on.
&gt; Do you have a suggestion for widespread demand for change in a way that the government listens to that doesn't involve massive public protests? Yeah, don't rely/put our faith in the government. A government that has proven it's incompetence. Until people stop buying the media hype and thinking we need the government so heavily, we are going to be in trouble. The government should be a safety net for the people. Instead the people are becoming the government and the government holds the power, which is a scary prospect and can lead to genocide/war. --- The other thing is that the protesters a week prior(conservative mainly) did not get the same treatment for doing something equally as important IE protesting. Neither side supports each other. It is quite sad. If we want things to actually be fixed, we need to stop with tribalism, which is going to be impossible for some people dug in on one side or the other. Tribalism for a very simple reason. The moment you create a tribe, then you have other/enemies. ---- Look at China as a place where government has complete control and judge if that is what you want here.
You are the exact person that we are speaking out against. Normal people everywhere are sick of your shit. It was about reopening the economy because people were losing their livelihoods. MANY people lost their businesses, and for you to think it is a joke/about hair cuts is so infuriating and shows you are not grounded in reality. You are living in a bubble created by the media and are bought hook line and sinker. Your disconnect from reality is not only completely terrible, but you are literally a dangerous bigot. Nothing you are saying makes sense. It was also about cops overstepping their bounds, WHICH IS COMPLETELY IN LINE WITH WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT. Those CITIZENS holding guns is a show to protect our rights from the government. Do you think cops are going to come armed and try to fuck with those people, or are they going to back off and let the protests happen? Some may use it to show that they are cool, but the fact remains I want those people with guns out there or else the cops will have free reign to kill innocent black people. The fact that you are saying the protests were about haircuts and gyms. Shows how brainwashed and dense you are. People have lost everything they've worked their entire lives for. IT DEF SHOULD HAVE BEEN PROTESTED. EVEN if it were for hair cuts you should support it and not pretend what you care about matters more. It shows you are a true bigot. Please do not oversimplify and say such dribble ever again. I don't know how you were able to let other people convince you of this, but God damn please start thinking for yourself. You certainly should know better than to try that line on someone who sees past the BS propaganda you were fed and are now repeating.
&gt; if the protesting was about how little the government cared and demanding support that would be one thing, EVERYONE CARES DEEPLY, just not about the same issues. Unreal how self-righteous you are.
I've been a supporter of UBI for some time... It's supported by the left and right and people with no political affiliation like me. UBI doesn't get rid of billionaires, it glorifies them and makes it so more people have a chance to become one. Don't want rich people, don't envy anyone. I don't think anyone said open the country without any safeguards. That's what left and right media do to eachother. The issue here is that last week the left wing media attacked people for protesting their rights in groups. In this case there are clearly way more people together and everyone is silent. Why? It makes no sense. Both sides protested against the tyrannical govt.
Man you are all over the place. There can be billionaires and no one dealing with poverty. It was as simple as not choosing the war on drugs and choosing the war on poverty. We chose the former... Not here we are. You seem to be awfully jealous of the rich when in all actuality poor people have shown to be much happier. As I said, don't envy rich people. UBI is capitalistic, meaning people are going to have money to make their own businesses or art. Many people will become millionaires. Especially considering inflation is a thing and trillionaires are the new billionaires. Your hate for the right is also disgusting and sad. They care about the economy, the left cares about social issues. Even more strange you are acting like a socialist, but want UBI. Which is it? UBI is capitalistic, meaning people can shoot for the moon and make a lot of money if they play their cards right. You don't have any clue what you are talking about and for some reason want to paint me as right wing but can't since I'm not. I'm not either party, I have no party because I can think for myself.
He really fell short of expectations and dropped out when he shouldn't have. He can still be in the race gaining momentum.
Yang is turning into a joke.
That would have been a big problem if he acted this way.
even worse, hes always been a fake huh.
Troll because I fell for his charade? If you haven't watched recently. He is playing the blame game and playing the race card. IT is bad.. Not good. Nothing to do with trolling, it is upsetting he's a sell out. And worse he was always a lefty shill and I wasn't aware. Sucks.
You actually thought a politician was going to do what he said, what a laugh.
Yeah, they're going full sjw, which I kind of get but make an eapn 3 for this shit. If I wanted to watch that I'd turn on a cable news channel.
I love his work and am in no way trashing him(which I am sure you know, I just want to be clear in case others read this), in fact I recommend him to people all the time. Only saying this because I don't know if what I said came off wrong or critical, I was actually more critical of Dennis and the people who called him a hypocrite, when I am positive Terrence finally understood. The best part is I don't have to go to the realm and possibly see too much. He may not be right on things(2012 was the only thing that was actually way out there, from what I remember), but you know God damn well he was speaking the truth, or what he thought was the truth.
I went to that r/Zen to take a look. Most of them could use lots of Watts if you ask me. People that truly understand(that they don't understand) the Dao that can't be told are very easy to spot. Krisnamurti is who I've been listening to lately. Watts, for a fact, considered him his guru - not in the actual sense, K wouldn't accept that. And that shows in Watt's teachings as well. He mentions him in his lectures, but recently I heard it come straight out of WAtt's mouth that he looked up to him in that way. It's in a video of him talking to Aldous Huxley's Widow, Laura I believe. Krisnamurti is honestly taking over for me over Watts.. And that is saying something. I am able to use his methods in daily life rather than coming off like a stuck up asshole, or whatever it is that I normally come off as. I love to debate. and I also want to have their methods down.
Sets that are print to demand do seem to do this. I'm def planning on grabbing some for the initial jump. Easy arbitrage opportunity for me. So many people bought this DAY 1 to invest in it rather than waiting for it to level out.
That is a great school. Mike Quacknebush belongs to this subreddit. The other guy posted his site. You need to be 18. https://thewrestlefactory.com/enroll.html https://thewrestlefactory.com/enroll.html
If we were going to entertain greatest. And with that said, only in recent times, then Krishnamurti tops Watts. Watts looked up to him.
What are you talking about? They are both pointing to and teaching the exact same thing. Krishnamurti is more direct and to the point and Watts is more entertaining. They both have nothing to teach and both and talking about the Dao that can't be told. Neither is actually better. It sounds like you don't like K then it sounds like you're trashing Watts..when in reality both are awesome. Opinions don't mean anything and that's what you're trying to push on people.
The stock market is most definitely not down. It's around all time highs... It was at 6000 during 2008..
You know the answer. Why look for an explanation? Trust it ie trust yourself.
He is talking about RL cards, they aren't allowed to be reprinted in black or white border. Millions of people bought MTG cards with WOTC repeatedly saying this, they'd have a massive lawsuit on their hands.
&gt; When I realized his words had no meaning. You literally can’t trust anything he says. It could be blatant lies and he wouldn’t care at all. It’s dangerous. Um, this is not exclusive to Trump. This has been going on in politics long before he came around.. Heh.
It isn't good or bad, it was bound to happen the way society currently is. Only brainwashed people even watch politics. In fact, every single person in politics is brainwashed, many more severely than others. Trump, to me, is a big F you to both sides for being so awful for so long.
It wasn't a thing. He never suggested anyone do it, the OP you believe is not very bright and is incapable of seeing what really happened. He asked a question about possibly having scientists look into it. Apparently, scientists already have been though, so not only is he wrong, Trump was more right and didn't deserve the fake news flack as much as he did.
Except he never said that.
Both presidents are better or worse for different reasons. Obama didn't change much of anything and Trump is a media magnet full of lefty people who hate him and talk shit about him all day rather than accomplishing anything important. Trump touted the economy and did well with that.. Obama was just a good representative afraid to step on toes. Was not a fan of the PC that came with his presidency, we are still feeling the effects of that. Can think of lots of positives and negatives for both. There isn't a right answer, and just because a shitty news station posted about shorts has nothing to do with Obama. The left makes fake news up every day about Obama, they are no better.
That was his only mistake was renegging on it. He never told anyone to do it and never should have taken it back. You are way sadder than him for buying into this fake news. I really can't stand the left. They are so bad that it is hard to criticize the terrible left. Both sides to plenty of shit that is newsworthy, but you'd all rather talk about fake news- If you don't think it was fake(which you are nuts then) then it ISN'T NEWS ANYWAY AND SHOULDN'T BE REPORTED ON OVER POVERTY, PLASTIC IN THE OCEAN, and thousands of other extremely important things that we ignore so you can attack Trump to feed you stupid ego. YOU ALL ARE THE PROBLEM. All you people attack Trump all day and have accomplished nothing. YOU all(me included) are the problem and why society is like this. Stop blaming others.
LOL. Dems have Biden. He has legitimate Dementia. Good luck, you all are living in a bubble.
How is that Trump or Obama's faulr? Fix the fucking media, or stop having all the masses believing what they post. For instance, this is fake news. He never suggested anyone do this, and no one did. He asked an expert a question, if any of you can't see this then you are extremely brainwashed and need massive help.
I'm not right wing you loser. I showed both sides are one in the same. Usually the party not in office is worse witht heir media. That is a subreddit meant to make fun of right wingers. Which is sad because being in the center(IE having no political affiliation and not being brainwashed, is right wing to you and is insane/crazy). I liked Obama and I like Trump. I like everyone and know that when you make enemies you create that and waste energy. The amount of idiocy is real. And you are leading the charge with your disconnect from reality. If you all knew what actual "enlightenment"(which is knowing without a shadow of a doubt knowing that people like you - right or left on the political spectrum are lost) was you'd realize how clueless you are posting this.
&gt;So he may not have said "YOU should go inject lysol!" That was my point exactly. Nah there are sources out there that back up my second claim. Tim Pool did a piece on it.
Hi read the fucking quote. He never did this. It was fake news. The media Spun what was perceived a dumb question to an expert into saying Trump suggested people actually do it. He was telling about scientists looking into it. This is not supporting Trump. This is calling out bs. Show where he told directed anyone to take it. You can't.
No ideas should be left off the table. Obviously there would need to be a method or something drastic to be different then to just drink disinfectant. There are reports that people are looking into ways to deliver it safely, because why the fuck wouldn't they? Just because we don't know if of way yet doesn't mean we should remove it from possibly being used if some other technology comes along that works with it.. Safely. If that is possible in the future then why not. Are you saying you knows for sure?
I pointed out that Trump never directed this and you all are falling for it and taking about nothing rather than working on things that matter. This has nothing to do with Trump and everything to do with pointing out facts. You guys need to lose your tds and stop letting politics run/ruin your lives. Trump is right about the fake news. He's just the worst person to be fighting it. My feelings are hurt? Wtf are you taking about? You just confirmed I was correct...
You're really lost.
Do you know you're nuts and have tds? There is nothing worse than a person who is brainwashed into thinking their side is better, especially when they carry so much hate. You are the toe fungus. Any republican president you would have hated.. don't care to hear your divisive shit. You created Trump as your enemy and are a teobslist. Therefore you are part of the problem. You create all your blame and hate and it's sad you don't see this.
You missed the point, clearly. To say you are an expert or know anything is asinine. You defer to an expert, many of whom are either stupid themselves or are bought out employed by a certain party.
That has nothing to do with anything. Who the fuck cares. The fact that you all care about Trump and politics so much is the issue. Not to mention the news you bring to me and others is fake news(Trump has spoiled this phrase since he particularly isn't the person you want calling it out) and shit no one should care to talk about. But here we are fighting over stupid shit waiting for the government to act, when you are too brainwashed to realize you need to act and work to make things better and stop blaming people. Maybe then shit will start getting done rather than you being entitled and thinking the government, religion, or something else is going to do it for you. You've created your problems, problems with no real answers and lots of stress and hate. All so you can say you like Obama and hate Trump? Or whatever you want to justify I as, which I guarantee is pointless.
That is embarrassing. Basically you are saying Trump blows, Biden is worse. And I'm ready for billions of dollars more to be wasted and hundreds of thousands of more hours of government officials time wasted on something that literally did nothing, except waste valuable time and resources. As I've said you are the cancer that is helping to ruin this country, same with the Trump supporters that are just as dug in with him. You're basically showing you're a brainwashed drone who supports needless spending and likes watching politics like it's a reality show. PA the tic.
I know you don't understand. You're a brainwashed drone who can't think for himself. Not defending Trump. It only seems that way because I am pointing out you're falling for left wing propaganda. The same shit you can. Clearly see happening to the right, is happening to you. But like them, you are also self righteous.
You need help. You posted to me 5 times. Every one was angry and failed to grasp my point.
Are you really not smart at all? I said if you mean defending as in saying. He didn't say that because he didn't then yes I am defending him. Because I don't defend lies and BS. As I said I am defending the fact that fake news and lies are not okay. The fact that I answered your question and you still say this then you are clearly not a smart individual. Furthermore I explained why the question was dumb, but it clearly is the person that is dumb. What is crazier. I said this: &gt;So, yes, I am defending Trump's rights as a human being, It's unbelievable how pointless this is. Are you trolling if you aren't then you are really, really frustratingly unaware of your lack of awareness/intelligence..
I am not being Smug. I am pointing out that the post is a lie.. Trump didn't say that. It is caused by the very sides that you are talking about, which I am not a part of. I am telling you not to be a tribalist, which is the root of all the hate in this world. You've created the division and bought the lies. Stop blaming me and other people. Pretending I'm not real to you is an easy escape from reality. There is an answer. IT is called read and understand the tao te Ching and have out leaders understand it. Western philosophy has gotten out of hand. If you aren't familiar with the tao te ching and don't understand how if our leaders used this philosophy things would be drastically better, then I can't help you. There is one point that the book points out at the beginning, and it does the rest of the time showing you that everything is connected. You make good and bad up. If you create something then there will always be something to oppose it. IE if you say there is a God then there will be people to oppose you and say there is, rather than knowing that you don't know and can never know(which is the point). Anyways, I am not trolling. I merely said Trump didn't command or suggest anyone inject bleach.
&gt; doesnt it seem like the "enlightened" one Ho Chi Minh called himself the most enlightened one(that is what his name means), he was not. He was a communist. &gt;Enlightenment manifests itself differently in different people because we all serve different purposes in this universe Enlightenment is just an aha moment, you don't stay enlightened. Just like when you learn 2+2=4. You are enlightened to the fact, you don't become it. You don't say I'm at 2+2=4erer. The left says they are woke, that is their thing. That is not truly understanding what enlightenment is. If they don't have a clue are they not clueless?
You are lost. That has nothing to do with anything and I never debated he said that. &gt;Nobody said he did. Are you kidding me saying this? That is literally what my argument is over. Someone literally said Trump suggested it, HE DIDN'T. This isn't rocket science. This isn't me defending Trump. This is me pointing out a false statement. Also, where were you? I've heard hundreds of people say this and millions of people have said ti themselves, many still think it. He never told anyone to do it.
&gt;When I literally said I didn't care who the president was in this instance? &gt; A president's words are powerful. Contradictory. I truly don't have TDS and don't give two shits what Trump does, he has no power over me. I can't control him I can only control mine. He has power of you and others because you let him. Had you never turned the TV on, you would have no idea who he was. It is your opinion that he should have asked in behind closed doors. Maybe it is good that someone that isn't familiar asks questions so that the experts can teach. Hmm.. Found a reason why it is good to your bad reason.. Maybe there isn't a correct answer and I don't care to argue opinions??
No one is denying Trump is an idiot(well not no one, but I'm not afraid to say he has qualities that ARE great for us, which are qualities you and I would not want, but are great for president). He isn't a puss and doesn't back down, he has been the same person for 30 years in the public. There are certain things everyone knows, in all countries, so he is much easier to work around then people think. Ideally he wouldn't be president and we'd have a philosopher in there. I know people don't want to find positives in people they oppose, but let's be real, everyone has positive qualities. Well if people are going to Trump for anything other than laughs then they are going to be in for a rough time. Trump is exactly what everyone in politics deserves. I like to think of Trump as my middle finger to both sides for being so horrible, corrupt, and brainwashed. The system is bad and it's hard for any one person to fix it. Because it takes every single person to realize this and stop playing the game we currently are.
What I just decided to do IS GO back and reread. YOU DID CONFIRM that you thought Trump commanded people to do that. You said, just when you thought he couldn't say anything dumber.. Lol. You've been backtracking, changing the subject, and changing what you meant. Funny shit. Very funny shit. The QUOTES IN THEIR ENTIRETY FOR THE RECORD https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/h94o2o/republicans_who_will_not_be_voting_for_trump_this/fux4x0j/ This is fun.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/h94o2o/republicans_who_will_not_be_voting_for_trump_this/fuvcvo5/ I trapped you. He was the one who said that Trump suggested it. LOL. Gets even better.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/h94o2o/republicans_who_will_not_be_voting_for_trump_this/fuvcvo5/ Just so you know I trapped you. You said you never said that. But you were the one who originally stated the false statement. Trump NEVER suggested anyone do this. You said he did. Is that not your quote? This is such a fantastic laugh I have going. Thanks for your BS.
OMG nice edit - way to change that one around lol. GFG. There is nothing else to be said. You fucked up bad here. You were wrong, I don't care. Just don't fucking lie, which you are just lying more now. So stupid. You do know there is an asterisk there now right after editing? SIGH.
lol HE EDITED IT, SO FUNNY. SO damn FUNNY.
You edited your comment and now you are acting like you edited mine? Lol.
You changed it from Trump suggests people inject it. Into Trump asking doctors a question to look into it, which really happened, lol. Someone not an expert in a field asking a question like that does not garner the response you guys gave. Sorry. You know damn well you f'ed up lol.
Remember how he was "just being sarcastic" when he suggested to inject disinfectant into people at a press conference about a virus which had killed over 60,000 Americans? (at that time) This is what you said. The asterisk shows that you changed it. To Remember how he was "just being sarcastic" when he suggested that doctors should look into injecting disinfectant into people at a press conference about a virus which had killed over 60,000 Americans? (at that time) Then you spun it into something stupid and opinion based. Well he shouldn't have asked a dumb question. A dumb question to you, when it clearly is being tested places. You are nothing short of sad.
I was calling out fake news. Not defending anyone other than saying Trump didn't say that, so yeah why wouldn't I defend the truth, even if people don't like it? I can point out fake news that they did with obama too.. Not hard.
He edited it you ninny. GO look.
That's an opinion. And some cards will outperform the boxes.. While most won't, but a good chance the most playable cards will do better than the boxes.
Yeah, even more sad is that he's attacking Trump and pulling the race card.
If this isn't a joke then, in all seriousness choose a market and learn it you lazy bum. He told you his market already, why would he openly tell people his brands when his livelihood depends on it?
I use marijuana because I enjoy it. As for psychedelics I technically have put them down and am not sure when I will use them again. But it won't be for spiritual exploration as I no longer need that, it would be because I want to just enjoy it at a music festival or with friends.
shhhh
&gt; rying out tcg's at home in general right now, thus also potentially artificially-spiking demand. Are these demand increases short o That's the thing. So much money is being spent if you want to play the game and be competitive, I can see that without playing. I'm not sure how many people there are like me that want the older cards and don't care about the new playable stuff. For \investments, this is probably the place you want to be. If you all spent the money on the older stuff, the older stuff would be rarer and more expensive, but there are lots of funds being tied up in all the new stuff, which is a good thing for old collectors. Can buy out so many cards for under $5-15.
The hurt being talked about is created by people themselves. They were clueless. As I said. If you take that as a hurt rather than fact then that is on you. &gt;Doesn't seem like you really like everyone and if you're going to direct your energy I call out people's egos getting in the way of them thinking correctly, this does not mean I don't love everyone unconditionally, since I know they are all me essentially. I also return the energy people give me back to them. If they are nice, I am. If they are dicks I am a bigger one. Sorry, I am not in need of self help books/help in general you have the wrong idea and might want to dig into books more yourself.. If you'd like to look into learning about what hurt actually is then you should start leaning from Krishnamurti. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NnbKd8_Q28 You made up some lie about enlightenment manifesting differently in everyone, which is complete nonsense and not grounded in reality. "Enlightenment" is simply going back to the philosophy you had when you were born and before words and images took over. If you really want to learn then I suggest lots and lots of Alan Watts and Krishnamurti. Until then you are clueless. IE You don't have a clue. Not an insult, but a fact. Also Socrates is 100% right the only thing to know is there is nothing to know. But that can be found in the Dao te Ching and from any mystic that is not clueless.
The people you are talking about being hurt create that themselves. You talk about me not listening to your source, I had one that can help you figure out that people's egos being hurt is created by them. It's all fake that they hurt. They bought in. Trump was created by the system. You'd be him exactly if that were you because of all your experiences.
I can be intolerant about whatever I want, that is absurd. I am completely intolerant of the left using their self-righteous egos to do whatever the hell they damn please because they think they know whats best. I tolerate it to a certain point, but if someone comes with some complete nonsense, it will not be tolerated and I will call him out. I am complete intolerant of right wing people who create a God then blame said God for everything rather than saying it was their fault and no one else's. That type of thinking should not be tolerated. --- Edit had to add this. Here is one of your intolerant views. &gt;Forgive me (and others) if I don't like someone who literally would be fine with having a large amount of people I know killed or at MINIMUM oppressed and abused. That shouldn't be tolerated. IE you are intolerant. For good reason. Queue South Park epsiode on tolerance.
Okay. thanks. I will def check it out again. Could have been that I was hurting or tired and wasn't up for watching it.
I was looking for this to be linked specifically. This should be enough, Cubs fans are universally hated.
I'm not surprised. Old dude kept hitting her when she was down. Probably isn't isolated and maybe it is better for everyone else. Not condoning it, but there may be more to this than just this incident.
You have TDS. You don't understand that you and others create their hurt, that's on you. That article was nothing and dull. I get that it's high and mighty to you, but all you've done is insult me with it and think that you hold the key. You don't. It missed the point that your ego being hurt is made up. You did not look at my source, so that is a real insult. Me not caring about something you created with your ego hurts you. You want to blame Trump. You as I said have TDS. Turn off the TV and stop the sources you think are so great. They are not.
&gt;You've also seemed to need to be Right about what? That's the thing nothing to be right about. I'm just pointing something out. I understand your disdain for Trump if all your family does is talk about how great he is, but they're tricked into thinking that he/the government matters. I def looped you in to someone with TDS because you were mentioning him and I was busy. I do apologize if you were actually trying to listen to me. Most people just want to shit on Trump when I don't give two shits about him, and he has nothing to do with anything, now what I'm actually pointing out There are shorter versions, but if you have time to get what he's pointing out then feel free. To check out an hour long lecture on it. https://youtu.be/1Pknm8chH9E Hurt is an image we create. Someone decides he hates Trump and hurts someone else who likes him. I figured your niceness was patronizing since that is something that never happens on this site. Did i hurt you, or did I hurt your ego? Not saying it's a good thing I did it or that I'm happy I insulted you. But it is your choice that what I said hurt. Not saying I don't fall into this trap too. The stuff I'm talking about you have to go as deep as you can to where right and wrong don't matter, where we are simply energy. Nothing more. As Jesus said you must become as little children to enter the kingdom of heaven, which is here and now, not in the sky.
Who the fuck cares, why is this on my page?
Why is this on my page? Moderators do your fucking jobs, this isn't politics.
&gt;He doesnt mention dmt other than once, so we can't assume conclusions. DMT is similar to taking a lot of mushrooms. It is in the same category, it's a psychedelic. Psychedelics simply peel the curtain back on the entire show/what is going on. When you understand this and know this, then you will know exactly what I am talking about and wouldn't say we are assuming. We can MORE than assume because as I've said. Psychadelics are all the same(like tea), they are just different flavors and some are much more strong. His concern isn't about people taking DMT, his concern is they get an inflated ego and think they are God in the western sense. What I am pointing out to you is exactly what Watts is. I have zero urge to do DMT and may do it once just because, but I have little to no urge to do psychadelics anymore after spending a whole year+ understanding what Watts was explaining. I know I understand it, I also know you don't. Which is fine, but you should look at what I am trying to tell you and not worry about me or Watts as a person, what are we pointing at? You have questions, meaning you don't know. I don't have any questions. In other words, there is nothing I'd ask God if I had the chance. Also, I ate the DMT, didn't smoke it. It is, like I said, just mushrooms like that. Smoking it turns the trip from a few hours to a few minutes. ---- If you want a real distinction. IE where the mystics differ, then look no further than the subject of sex.
Go to Dairy Queen then, people eat this shit up, pun intended.
There will be a lot more suitors and avenues for it to be sold. MTG Museums ETC will want them. Black lotus, by a landslide.
I feel like none of my friends would have ever had sex if they couldn't lie/exaggerate and that the girls egos are boosted from banging astronauts, Dallas Cowboys, and Navy SEALS.
If you ask me, I'd tell you to get in shape. I'm 33 and plan on doing this for the foreseeable future and also plan on having it be my main source of income/tie into it, I really don't think most people have this mentality. I do plan on doing well. And realistically I looked at attributes and l'm a great athlete who can talk and I love being a character. Those are three things I know I excel at, or will excel at because I'm going to put in the work. Do you truly think you have/could have the skills to be on one of the big shows years down the line? If so, I'd take your body a lot more serious. If you want to do it for fun, then by all means start now.. Then it doesn't even really matter what school you go to, just have fun, then eventually get a real job. Not trying to judge or tell you what to do. Just trying to be as honest as I can. I am not against people joining wrestling that will never make it/never have plans to make it, just saying there is a distinction.
it's TV geared to make stupid opinions up... Everyone does it for shock value. You haven't watched other news stations?
Hey, I 100% agree. It's gotten really, really bad.. but people will get sick of it. Some people catch on quicker than others. She's just making up a stupid opinion because it works. The people watching it haven't stopped falling for it, and when they are on drugs, it's probably a lot harder.
Looks like someone playing with dogs and the guy with the shadow has a massive dong/dildo.
&gt;Not pissed and not expecting top dollar, but let's be honest here if that's even remotely true buylist prices will be worth more. This is all that needs to be said. A lot of people have no idea what they are talking about and you just nailed it on the head. There are SEVERAL main stream ideas that the hivemind is wrong on. I love it as I continue to exploit those loopholes. If I were you, test it and see. Those people being negative will never try, don't have the drive to, or are just lazy all together/ Perhaps they picked a bad box to do it with one time and never did it again.
Wrap them in plastic and send them off with a $3 bubble mailer if all together, otherwise stamps for 55 cents each shipment.. I use saran wrap to wrap my cards in/protect them.
Rambling about saran wrap? Good reach. You are the type of person that should never post.
Neither, but I can point out a dumb fuck. You.
I post shit that gets downvoted all the time because I mean to, but still have over 200k Karma. Just WTF are you talking about?
The amount of downvotes you’ve accumulated today would indicate that you should take your own advice and quit posting
You have 200k Karma in 1/3 the time. lol. You'd have 100k comment Karma and 510k link karma, which is 3x more Karma than I would have. Yet I'm the loser.. But wait, I was a loser because I lost Karma and shouldn't post because I have negative comment karma.. That is what this is about isn't it? lol.
No rebuttal, that is what I thought.
You've texted and driven guarantee that. There is only a limited time at a stoplight to type something. Why are you an asshole? Is it because your dad flopped his dick on your head and called you dickface when you were a kid? Or did your mom not care about you so you turned into a fat fucking loser who talks shit to people on the internet for no reason other than they hate themselves? I think its probably the second one, but I imagine your mom hates you too.
You're an idiot. I said I send them like that to card kingdom. Even so. You are telling me that people hate their cards protected in plastic that they can easily rip to get to their cards? L O FUCKING L. Which is better than a rubber band, or nothing, plastic protects from water and keeps the cards together. I mentioned using boxes cut out to protect the cards over toploaders.. Wonder how many of you melvins hated on me for that and then went ahead and did it.
I didn't ask for the standard response when you show someone your penis. Wait did I?
It should be a lot of fun, no worries.
That our country is tricked into hating the other party because the government wants to divide us? And that you fall for it. Yup!
No, the left doesn't realize how bad they are. And I truly mean this. All of the undecided voters and people in the middle are going to choose Trump again. Why? Because you are not allowed to talk about Trump unless it's bad. They also say, if you think about voting for him you are either racist, or condone racism. Because the far right exists.. But the thing is the far right and far left have most of the crazies.. And that is all we are seeing on the media. People in the middle(not politically affiliated), I can't imagine that they are going to allow the left to act like this. It's brutal, they are true bigots - THEY are the reason I don't care if Trump wins(since there isn't a legit philosopher) I consider Trump my middle finger to the system as a whole. I didn't vote and am not going to.
Honestly. why do you care? It makes no sense. Trump is the same person he was 20 years ago. Go look. He preached the same things that he is now, except the far left needs an enemy, and he's number 1. I would never let anyone dominate that much of my head apace/life. And not only that you guys all hate him, which requires more energy.
I support everyone(even bad people) because I am not a tribalist. Tribalism is the root of hate, and while the guy is a also a tribalist in the video, and Trump is an idiot, you are ALSO a tribalist and part of the problem. You preach hate and racism, like everyone else and don't want to admit that he is you on the deepest level. You then try to call half the population racist because they are republicans and are going to vote Trump.. Especially considering Joe Biden doesn't even realize he is Joe Biden anymore. Don't make me dig those clips up. Until we fix that, you are going to keep hating someone and something you can't control, because you bought into propaganda and are brainwashed(we all are). It just simply isn't true that if you support people you are racist, RACISM IS TAUGHT BEHAVIOR AND CAN BE FIXED. If you vote for the left. Then you are voting for bigotry(look it up, that is the left to a T), racism is certainly okay because BIDEN is the one who voted for and touted how great the crime bills that systematically, and a tyranical government, you also support criminals, murderers, pedos, and theives. Just because you support the left(with your logic being applied). Your plan is to keep rejecting that person so that there can never be peace. Why? Because you are brainwashed and the people at the top have you right where they want you. Fighting over bull shit.
We are a democracy and a republic, meaning we should run things ourselves and don't need a government. That is not what is happening, we are getting deeper and deeper into socialism.
You need to go educate yourself. Joe Biden is not a conservative. IF HE WERE CONSERVATIVES WOULD VOTE FOR HIM. Reagan was a conservative. I don't even want to have any more of this conversation. You need to learn how the system is really set up, no wonder you're so easily brainwashed.. You make up things and put people you don't like in different parties.. It's unreal.
You are unable to understand my point YOU support racism because YOU are the one that has been involved in and voting in the very government causing all the problems and getting Trump elected. I did not vote, so YOU are the problem. Not me. Am I a child because I pointed out how full of hate and irrational you are? Joe Biden is LEFT WING. You socialists do not understand what a wing, or arm is. Just because you are so crazy far left doesn't mean everyone else is right wing. BIDEN IS STILL ON THE LEFT WING. If you say otherwise you are nuts. Show me the huge group of conservatives that are voting for biden. Biden is KNOWN for having the black communities back, and the black community IS NOT right wing. Sorry you are this confused.
Yep. Then be pissed off as fuck if your guy/gal loses and hold a vendetta against him and the other party.. While also sinking into a deep depression and thinking the world is going to end. I've seen this happen on both sides. I did/do this with sports only. Or try my very best to keep it that way.
I didn't say being a racist is acceptable. I said I accept all people as they are. Just like Jesus said to, and just like Buddha said to, and just like Lao Tzo said to. All great mystics who saw through the bull shit.
Trump is a bull. He most certainly runs into shit and breaks it down. Which is good, because they were 1900's buildings and had no place being there. So now we can put 2020 buildings and infrastructure there. If you can't see this that is fine, but this is true and you can't say if it is a good or a bad thing. You choose to hate. Even now, you are being an ass for no reason. I've literally told you that you need to look up what tribalism is, because you've bought in hook line and sinker. Tribalism creates an us vs them. You create OTHER the moment you do this.
&gt; They were against Obamacare People don't want the government involved. How do people not understand this? Government's job, if they should even be there, is to make sure the game is being played fair, not get involved. Giving the government more power and control is not what the country was founded on, so if course people will not like more taxes and government control.
&gt;Please, tell me more about how you're so much more wise and informed than I am. The issue is that you think you are informed. I never said I was. I was just pointing out facts.
How am I above or better than anyone for trying to point out that the issue is tribalism. This is what is creating the hate and what is working well for the government, who doesn't care if you are left or right.. They just want you involved so they have more power.
You said this. &gt;Trump retweeted a video of a man chanting White power and said he was a great guy. I think at this point, it is actually safe to say that if you still support Trump you support racism. I pointed out that you are a tribalist. Attacking people because you think your opinion matters. Then knowingly calling half the population racist because they are going to vote for him because he is literally their only and default best option. That does not equal racism. The left are bigots. Look up the word. It is them to a T.
&gt; It’s all just right leaning **liberals**. Key word there is liberals. Unreal the disconnect from reality on that subject. They may lean right on some issues, but they are left wing. You making up some other definition and calling people stupid for it is asinine. They have to LEAN right because they are standing on the left. STILL LEFT WING. Just not crazy left. --- When did I say that Biden was good for the black community. I've openly said that he touts about how he loved all the crime laws he passed. I've heard plenty of people say that Trump has gotten more done than any other president. Which he's got the wall up and building, got a new trade deal, shook up all the things he said he would, among other things. I'm not going to join your negativity and hate him, just like I'm not going to join the negativity of the right when the left gets their next president in. I also supported Obama, Bush, and Clinton, even though I was young then.
Tribalism: &gt;the behavior and attitudes that stem from strong loyalty to one's own tribe or social group. Bigot: &gt;a person who is intolerant toward those holding different opinions. This is you..
No, the right has plenty of bigots too. It's just much more prevalent in the left recently. As you are not allowed to speak positively of Trump for starters. Like right here. I haven't said anything good about him, just that I support him as a person. But you take huge issue in that for some unknown reason.
Pointing out that tribalism is the issue while people literally berate me for no reason is not attacking people.
Yes, you are the problem, you create your own problems... You are buying into propaganda and separating yourself from others. You also hate the other side and created all these problems for yourself. You are brainwashed and mind controlled. Exactly how the powers that be want you to be. Don't feel bad. You can tell that the other side is brainwashed. Your bigotry is so bad that I am not even right wing at all, and you have to try to put me in a group so you can hate me. The distinction here is simple. You think those people must be inherently evil. I on the other hand see it as learned behavior that needs to be correct. You are a bigot(it shows, even towards my opinion and I am not a racist, I am pointing out where racism comes from) and they are racist. I accept both of you as you are and like I said, am throwing you both a life line to get out of that mess you've chose to involve yourselves in. If no one was involved the terrible game you're involved in and everyone read and understood the Tao te Ching, life would be a lot more enjoyable for every species on this planet.
You are so backwards and lost it's baffling. Go watch the damn videos I mentioned. Why we hate, I believe is on Netflix. Also, I'll just link you the Krishnamurti thing. https://jkrishnamurti.org/content/what-taste-fear-0 You also clearly didn't watch or understand the Buddha video I sent. You are a tribalist. You hate Trump. I will call out a racist any time, and that guy will get his, but that guy is not here and there is no reason to call out something we all know is stupid and a learned behavior. You are just being self righteous about how terrible the right is and that your left wing is good. When I am telling you that they go together and that RACIST is ESSENTIALLY YOU. Everything you see is coming from your brain, it is ALL you.
You are honestly crazy and should seek help. I recommend finding some psychedelics and listening to Alan Watts. You are way too charged up, way too angry, and way too hateful. I accept everyone as they are. I support you, but I also see that you are very sick right now and very lost. Good luck. You made yourself so stressed out and hateful. It all comes back to you. Good luck.
No, I know the answer lies in the Tao te Ching. Not the propaganda that you are spewing that we've all heard a million times.
That is absurd. There has been a systematic targeting of black people and low income people and the wealth is going to the rich. It's a distribution of wealth issue. You are just confused into thinking being an SJW and caring about the government is actually important when all you've done was enable them.
