There can be issues of power of one sib over another, and whether or not controlling and manipulative behavior is involved. And for younger sibs, there's the issue of do they really know what they are getting into when they consent, and legally in a lot of cases they can't even consent.
What an insult to the NTSB (and to a lesser extent the FAA) who have been diligently investigating accidents and making recommendations to prevent accidents for the past 50 some odd years. They do some damn good work and now this buffoon takes credit.
Money sure gets stupid at that level.......
Sloshkosh
I like the quote from a long time Trump associate: "He's [Trump] not only crazy, he's stupid." If that's what your friends are saying about you, you can't have a lot of positive going on......
I betcha Trump will tweet "For the good of the country, Vice President Pence and I have decided to resign." Hey, I can dream, can't I?
As a former grower for selling at a farmer's market, we are often reluctant to discuss varieties because you might have been sent by one of the other vendors trying to figure out which variety to grow next year.
&gt; "...will instead let federal prosecutors where marijuana is legal decide how aggressively to enforce longstanding federal law prohibiting it." i'm not a big fan of marijuana legalization, but making laws 'subject to local interpretation' is a sure way to fuck things up.
Awww..the poor widdle Trumpy had his feelings hurt......
The "Swamps of Dagobah" story!
I was thinking more like a dodo with a muskrat living on it's head.
The [Monty Hall Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Hall_problem)
The [Monty Hall Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Hall_problem)
I know Paul Erdos didn't believe it either until he ran a simulation. I still don't *understand* it though.
It's a different kind of dead, though.....
Nothing like administering your own vigilante justice!
When was Paul Ryan's "We're all family here" comment?
&gt; Antarctica for example is still gaining billions of tons of ice It is possible for the there to be local places that get more snow/ice even though the overall global temperature is warming. For example, Mt. Shasta in California is one place that can receive more snow, because it is at a latitude where the warmer oceans transfer more moisture to the atmosphere than they did before, and the general west to east flow of storms makes that moisture dump on Mt. Shasta. On a net basis, Antarctica is losing land ice, but increasing sea ice due to a number of effects. I suggest you check out [this website](https://www.skepticalscience.com/antarctica-gaining-ice.htm) that explains it.
It really depends on the state. Wisconsin requires felons to have completed parole. Florida also requires you get some sort of permission from the governor.
Remember when Earl Butz got canned for his racist joke? My how far we've come......
And now we're talking about something other than the Fusion GPS testimony.....another successful diversion, unfortunately.
Back in the 1970's at UC San Diego, the head of housing for our college held a meeting in our dorm, saying somebody was throwing used condoms out their window to the ground. Based on where he was saying they landed, he was implicating a guy I knew from high school who definitely wasn't having sex. Two weeks later, the head of housing was fired for having sex with students.
The Ferry Terminal is a good spot to watch the light display.
Actually, Richland County was dry until not too long ago. Some of the rules are county ordinances.
&gt; nor shall any man be compelled to send his child to any school to which he may be conscientiously opposed; There's the out right there. The parents are supposed to send their child to a school they can support - or not send the child to school at all......
Schools can have a comparative religions course, as long as all religions are treated equally.
However, if a school opens up it's facilities to groups to use, they can't [discriminate on the basis of viewpoint](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_News_Club_v._Milford_Central_School). Gets tricky when neo-Nazis want to rent an auditorium.
Two days ago we were talking about the Fusion GPS testimony transcript. Yesterday we were talking about shithole. I think Trump was just doing a diversion. Don't get me wrong, I agree with your sentiment, but I do think there is some diversion going on here.
Thanks for your explanation. It helps me understand a little better what my friend is going through. Still don't know how to help her, since she now refuses to leave her apartment.
Donald?
This is why coordinated government involvement to resolve homelessness is better than a bunch of uncoordinated do gooders. I appreciate those who are willing to put in the time and effort, but it might be better to pay a little more in taxes and get a fleet of social workers in place.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
"Wind turbine syndrome or **wind farm syndrome is a psychosomatic disorder** primarily caused by anxiety generated by heightened awareness of turbines[1] – the "nocebo effect"[2] – prompted by proponents of the idea that wind turbines have adverse health effects. " "The Center for Media and Democracy's SourceWatch website has identified at least one Australian fossil fuel industry funded astroturfing group[5] as involved in promoting the idea of wind turbine syndrome. An investigation led to the foundation being stripped of its status as a health promotion charity.[6]" Sauce:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wind_turbine_syndrome
Tell me that voter suppression being practiced against black communities isn't a form of civil rights rollback.......
Tell me, which candidate had the [American flag on their campaign plane](https://imgur.com/ig3JtuN)?
Not gold. Cheeto orange.
Okay, make that "waddling".
That was Pence's plane.
[Yes,](https://imgur.com/6RUpY09) I [did](https://imgur.com/2qShh9T) see [the](https://imgur.com/bo13jRK) other [side](https://imgur.com/zyIpGEL) of [Trump's](https://imgur.com/gRAQM8z) plane,
Ummm, don't turn around....it's about to pounce.
I love the Constitution much more than the flag. The flag is merely a symbol of everything we stand and kneel for.
KIt's been uncoordinated in most cases - housing in one department, medical assistance, food stamps, etc. I like what Salt Lake City is doing - first, they get them into an apartment so then the homeless feel that things re going to improve for them, and then they provide the other services - mental health, job training, etc. That's the sort of coordination I'm talking about.
At least the bees will be happy.....
He acts like a small man. In a lot of ways.
I'll give you another way it's harming the state - I own a business in Kenosha. I was trying to buy the property I was leasing, but as soon as the Foxconn deal went through, the landlord jacked up his price and evicted my business. I have some very specific needs, so it is difficult for me to move my business. Long and short of it, I'll probably end up spending around $50,000 just to move.
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Invest in popcorn futures.
And he's totally oblivious to the approaching ice age.....
Remember Paul Ryan's "We're family here."? The GOP is in deep deep doo doo.
Remember when Gary Hart was taken down for an affair? Remember when Bill Clinton was impeached for a blow job?* My how far we've come...... *I know it was for the perjury, but that was just the hook. It was about the blow job.
TIL that I'm an old geezer who remembers events - from when they happened - that younger redditors don't know about.
Heck, I remember a billboard for PSA from the late 60's advertising flights from SF to LA for $11.75. in 1974, I could fly from SF to Visalia for $14.00 plus change. Really coool flight - it went SF-Stockton-Modesto-Merced-Visalia, then ont o Bakersfield and LA. The segment between Modesto and Merced was only 9 minutes.
Coach seats are considered by-product on some airlines.
Well, my snake can do the Charleston, Rhumba, The Twist, Foxtrot, and tap dance all at the same time. So there!
That was a United ad.
My girlfriend was in Visalia, so there was a reason to go there.
I've worked in and with the railroad industry my whole career. Got a couple of degrees in transportation, wrote theses on aspects of railroad economics. Did cost studies, marketing, was the general manager of a 300 miles regional railroad. Then I started my own business shipping products by rail. A 30 something division superintendent for one of the major Canadian railroads tells me, a 60 year old guy with that experience, that I am "fucking ignorant".
Word in the district is that he had an affair back during his Heritage Foundation days. He wasn't married, but the woman was, caused a divorce. That's why he was kicked over to Sam Brownback's staff.
As I understand it, in a bankruptcy the first priority goes to making current employees paychecks. Pensions should be given second priority, since they were part of the employees compensation package.
[Snopes](https://www.snopes.com/politics/clintons/bodycount.asp) has done [all sorts](https://www.snopes.com/monica-petersen-killed/) of debunkings of stories about the Clintons [killing people](https://www.snopes.com/clinton-mcgill-found-dead/).
Rode bicycle across country at a young age, so i definitely was fit at one time. Pepsi. Kids. Eating out of boredom. Divorce. Too much desk work. Working on it now. Exercise 3-5 times per week. Cutting back on food. We'll see what happens.
I'm surprised they didn't include any dehydrated water as an ingredient.
Prepper gone stupid.
Years ago, individual banks in the US printed their own banknotes. There was no way to tell if there were any assets behind the notes, and there was no way for the market to fairly evaluate the worth of the notes. A lot to the notes were indeed worthless. I can foresee the same thing happening with crypto currencies.
Uhhh, does this guy have a gun?
If we raise the cap on earnings taxed for SS purposes, that could solve the problem too.
*Dog starts eating 'corpse'.*
&gt; they only produce wind there. Must smell horrible.... Actually, Wyoming is the biggest producer of coal. Something in the range of 125 12,000 ton unit trains of coal per day. But they do have a large wind industry.
Although it is difficult, you can sue telemarketers who violate the do not call rules on you. I've done it twice, collected a total of around $2,000.
A while ago I spotted dude who was obviously going to ask me for money. I timed it perfectly, and said "NO" in a loud voice just as the first syllable came out of his mouth. He went all wimpery, saying "Hey, you can't blame a dude for trying to make a living." I wheeled around, said "I'm the one making a living, you are a parasite on the rest of us." He was truly shocked somebody called him out.
Pretend you're interested, string them along enough to find out who they are. Even then, they will probably lie to you, especially the travel scammers. But with a little google-fu, you can usually find out who they really are.
Actually, Wyoming is so windy because Utah and Idaho blow, and Nebraska sucks.
&gt; as long as you have the peace of mind of not having access to a gun, More like knowing that not every crazed idiot has access to a gun.
Enlightened people have moved beyond a god that ordered the genocide of entire tribes and allowed the rape of women.
It implies killing is acceptable.
&gt; with your hands on your head pushing down between your knees, ???? You want to keep your arms away from your body,not touching anything, so you don't create a path for the lightning to travel across your heart.
In 2014, while hiking the John Muir Trail, I had left Muir Trail Ranch and was starting up Evolution Valley. The weather had been somewhat threatening. All the sudden, a hiker comes running at me as yells "Go back, go back, we're too exposed here." We were on a part of the trail that was rounding a promontory, we both ran back into a ravine and set up our tents as the rain started. I got into my tent and put down my foam sleeping pad, sat on my bear canister on top of the foam pad. Feet together, arms held out at the sides not touching anything. "BLAM!" There was no time between the lightning and the thunder, it must have been within 100 feet. Hail was coming down. It eased up. I yelled out to the other guy, he was okay. I have never been so scared of the weather, and I've heard that "freight train rumble" of a tornado crossing our farm before.
This was not an abortion ban. This was a vote to "put the Democrats on record as babykillers".
When my ex and I bought a farm from some Amish, you can guess what we found in the hayloft.....
There are girls on Reddit?
AFAIK, there is no pickle industry in Paul Ryan's district as stated inteh article. I live here, I pay attention tot he farms as I drive around, I haven't seen any cucumber farms, those are north of here. However, we do have the Kikkoman soy sauce plant in Walworth, WI right in the middle of Ryan's district.
One year when I was in college, Mom asked me what I wanted for Christmas. I was really into baking, and so I asked for a nice Pyrex measuring cup of 2 cup capacity. THat's all I wanted. She got me a cheap plastic measuring cup. I will never forget, Mom.
When I was driving across Nevada on my way to grad school in 1978, a motorcycle was following me really closely for an hour and a half. His headlight was shaking noticeably. Pulled into a gas station in Wendover on the NV/UT border, and he pulled up alongside me and offered his thanks and apologized if he creeped me out - he lost a screw on his headlight and needed to use my illumination of the road to see. I had figured it out about a half hour into the episode.
Buddy and I were riding our bicylces from San Jose to LA, and south of Bakersfield, we were heading to a forest service campground itnhe Ventura mountains. Another person had told us of a place where there was a little country store on a road about a mile back, and so I went to get some more food since were were hungrier than the food we had with us. Come across this little encampment of a few houses and the store. Little kids are dancing to the jukebox, oblivious to me. There was something about the isolation of this town that bothered me, and the people seemed remote. i got the food, and headed back to our campsite. Turns out this was the town of [Scheideck, CA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scheideck,_California), a place so isolated that it never got landline telephone service.
&gt; there isn’t a super easy way to get there besides a longish drive. Actually, there is excellent public transportation to Yosemite through [YARTS](https://yarts.com/) including buses that connect with Amtrak San Joaquin trains at Merced and Fresno. Amtrak's San Joaquin train even connects to BART at Richmond, and BART provides access to both the San Francisco and Oakland Airports. So it is super easy to get there.
Back in 1976, I sat in on a class on the geology of the National Parks. The professor talked about "TWO-oh-loom" Meadows. It's spelled Tuolumne, but pronounced "to-WALL-uh-me". I waited until after class to correct him.
Are they implying that the English are fat sweetened white bread people?
"Turn left a half mile before the wooden bridge." That was a direction I saw in a Bicycling magazine back in the 1970's. Guaranteed you rode an extra mile that you didn't have to.
Amtrak still has flag stops, but only at established towns, not out in the bush. Their [system timetable](https://www.amtrak.com/content/dam/projects/dotcom/english/public/documents/timetables/Amtrak-System-Timetable-050118.pdf) puts a little crossed flag symbol in the station index to show which ones are flag stops. The details says: "Train stops only when passengers are present, either on the train or station platform, and ticketed to and/or from this station. Reservations are required. Boarding passengers should reserve at least 24 hours before departure." In other words, the conductor should have list of who will be boarding at the flag stops.
So genocide is normal too? It's in the Bible.....
Correct. Don't get me wrong, having an aluminum smelting industry is strategically valuable. But to maintain it in the face of significantly more advantageous economics elsewhere is a waste of capital. This [website](https://marketrealist.com/2014/12/dynamics-major-regions-produce-aluminum) shows that North America consumes 12% of world aluminum production, but only produces 9.7% of world production. If there was a sustained war, would we have access to the aluminum we need?
My sun/shadow/lens focal length calculations show somewhere around La Salle, IL, but that doesn't look like La Salle. Maybe I forgot to carry a 1 someplace.....
I'm divorced, and 61. I'm just finding that I generally don't find women my age attractive.
The solution to the [Monty Hall Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monty_Hall_problem) improves your odds of getting a better prize.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Gainfully employed with my own business for 20+ years. A little overweight, but did make it to the top of [Mt. Whitney](https://imgur.com/riAnuoV) in 2015 and plan to do it again this August.
Hey, I grew up without *ever* singing it.
When my "alt-daughter" told me to not communicate with her anymore.
&gt; We’re mostly all super proud to be from Texas. After spending 3 months in San Antonio, I would be proud to be *from* Texas, instead of in Texas.
Saudi Arabia is absolutely lying about remaining reserves. They magically keep their reserves at the same number for years, meaning they found new oil in the exact same quantity as what they pumped for that year. Yeah, right. Just the fact that we have to go to fracking for oil tells us all the easy oil is taken. When Brazil is contemplating drilling for oil some 20,000' feet deep, under a lot of hot salts, then you know we're running out of oil. I doubt the oil shales (actually kerogen marls) of the Green River formation will amount to much. They are extremely energy intensive. One company's plan to extract them was to drill a bunch of holes in a large circle, drop freezers into those holes to freeze the groundwater to avoid contamination, then drill holes in the center of the circle, drop heaters in those holes to warm up the rock and hydrocarbons, then extract them. When you talk about freezing and heating rock to extract something that isn't quite oil and requires a lot of upgrading to be usable, we're running out of oil. Besides, I happen to know the hydrologist that examined the available water for processing in the region for one of the oil companies. He didn't tell me the results of his work since it was confidential, but he did point out that a week after he made his presentation, that oil company cut back their oil shale R&amp;D significantly..... A lot of countries are on the back side of Hubbert's Peak for conventional oil. Fracked wells deplete at an incredibly fast rate - to 25% of initial production in less than 2 years, according to North Dakota. I would also suggest you review the Net Energy Return on Energy Invested by reading the [Sasquatch parable at The Oil Drum](http://campfire.theoildrum.com/node/5436) Oil was 100:1 EROEI back in the 1930's. It's probably in the range of 8-10:1 these days for new sources, we have to stay well above 5:1 (some people say 10:1) in order to avoid become slaves to gathering the energy we use.
A teacher friend said thirteen year old girls are the most vicious creatures in the world.
That's trivial compared to the military subsidies the oil industry gets. Not to mention the subsidy of clean air that they befoul when we use their product.
Well, labor must be cheap in China if they have time to do this for a $13 item.
I think the KGB had a role in creating that pigeon.
Sure looks like him.
To me, the word "Nerd" indicates somebody who knows their shit. I wouldn't necessarily consider it an insult unless the tone was dismissive.
Actually it was a couple of rangers pushing the embers off with rakes. I know, because I saw it being done at Glacier Point when I was very young. And they made it a point to mention that the source of the bark they used was from outside the park. Any bark inside the park was protected.
I can name two off the top of my head that were stopped by civilians during reloading - the Giffords shooting and Seattle Pacific University shooting. I'm sure there are many more.
After my DVT/PE episode, my doctor told me to take connecting flights so I would be able to get up and walk around. I'm planning on going to Europe for vacation next year, I'll take either Icelandic or WOW so I can change planes in Reykjavik.
&gt; There is nothing worse than wanting to sleep so you can avoid the waking world. Thanks for putting this into words. Helps me better understand a friend.
Ho hum. Another day in gun crazed America.
Talk out differences.
&gt; Cars kill more through accidents than guns do through accidents and intentional homicide combined. How many people drive cars? How many people own guns? That's the problem with your statistic. &gt;Most gun laws are just arbitrary restrictions for the sake of having arbitrary restrictions. Are laws essentially banning machine guns arbitrary? Are mandatory background checks arbitrary? &gt; Rifles in general rarely figure into homicides, let alone the subset that are assault weapons. "Assault weapons" (as they are colloquially defined) don't have a lot of other uses than killing people. Sure, it's easy to construct scenarios such as "Grandma might be attacked by a gang of 30 home invaders, she needs an assault weapon with a 100 round drum to fight them off..." But realistically, how often are "assault weapons" really needed and actually useful?
According to the most recent poll, taken after the Pulse nightclub shooting, found that 36% of American adults live in a household with guns. 93% of households have automobiles. There were 33,636 deaths by firearms in 2013, or about 934 deaths per percent of households owning guns. There were 32,999 vehicular deaths in 2010, or around 354 per percentage point of households owning cars. That means guns are 2.62 times more likely to cause deaths per percentage point of household ownership than cars. Tell me again about how guns are "less risk than cars".........I need a good laugh...........
ROAD FOOD!
It used to be the finance unit created enough paper losses through accelerated depreciation in the tax accounting to essentially drive the whole company to a zero tax liability (US) situation. At one point the finance unit owned something like 15% of the entire US railcar fleet. So there can be synergies. I agree through, conglomerates just don't make a lot of sense, it's hard to find managers who know enough to finesse decisions based on a deep understanding of the business, products, and industry for a single unit, but for multiple diverse units? Those people don't exist. Look at what happened to Ling-Temco-Vought and the old ITT - classic examples of conglomerates that went sideways.
Dow Jones Corp adjusts the Dow industrials components whenever one of them is flagging or about to flag - they don't want them to drag down the index.
&gt; this girl has mental issues If she has mental issues, is she competent enough to give consent or to be held responsible for her lying?
That Nixon didn't destroy the tapes of conversations in the White House.
Just be aware that in late summer, these falls are nowhere near this full. April-June is the time to go.
OTOH, if we have an administration that is inept and driven by an agenda that defies logic, then it is more likely that inconceivable events might happen. Or if you really want to go to a dark place, maybe Trump is doing all this at the behest of Russia...... (I'll stick with inept and incompetent, but consider the possibility of Russia being behind this as non-zero.)
Hey- too soon after Koko's death.
&gt;According to what was being predicted then, peak oil should have happened by the mid 90's. Those predictions were for peak **conventional** oil. If it hadn't been for the oil price shocks of the 1970's that forced much more conservation, **conventional** oil would have peaked at that point. Even though [this article](https://oilprice.com/Energy/Crude-Oil/Against-Odds-Conventional-Crude-Oil-Production-Reaches-New-High.html) claims conventional oil is hitting a new peak high in production, if you look at the graph (scroll down a bit) conventional oil production (blue part of graph) has been on kind of a bumpy plateau since 2005. Since conventional oil is generally most profitable and the first to be drilled, the fact that we are relying on alternative oils (syncrude/tar sands, fracked shale oil, NGL's, biodiesel etc.) to meet increased demand indicates that the resource of easy conventional oil has largely been tapped. Further, those fracked wells have [stupendous decline rates](https://www.loose.info/decline-curve-for-bakken-shale-oil-wells/) (scroll about two thirds of the way down) and the production companies have already tapped the prime drilling sites. The future does not bode well for oil production to meet increasing demand at today's price levels. As we get to more and more expensive oil (such as the kerogen marls of the Green River formation) we expend more and more energy to extract energy. At a certain point, we become slaves to gathering energy. Hopefully, legal impediments will not get in the way of more economic alternatives taking over.
Well, you can reduce sales taxes, which hit the lower strata hard, and soak the wealthy through the income tax.
Somewhere in California, there's a guy with a sports car with the license plate "TI 3VOM".
I was one floor down and one room over when one of the Unabomber's bombs went off at Northwestern's Tech Institute. My mother suspected one of my cousins might be the Unabomber. There was a resemblance to the sketch of the guy in sunglasses and a hoodie, he was also very intelligent and anti-society. My mother assembled a timeline of points in time when we knew his whereabouts and talked to the FBI about him, the questions were interesting. They asked about "FC" and "Freedom Club" - was there any special significance to those initials and phrase in my cousin's life? Do you know a person with the initials "RV"? (I did , but I rather doubt any involvement - he was working at Sandia Labs). I had tried to choke my way through the manifesto, but couldn't complete it, but I did see a similarity to a letter my cousin had written to his parents that my uncle had read out loud at dinner when I was visiting them. They asked if he has been sent for remedial education (such as Sylvan Learning Centers). I did go through a simple exercise with the FBI agent. Of people of that generation, how many were anti-government - that didn't eliminate many people due to the Vietnam War. How many had played with explosives? Well, that does narrow it down somewhat, but not to a useful extent. How many had some sort of involvement with psychiatry? (my cousin's father was a psychiatrist) Now we're starting to create a smaller pool of possible suspects. How many had connections to Chicago? At that point, it starts to be useful to look at those meeting that criteria that the FBI was looking for. Those were the things known about the suspect at the time that I talked with the FBI. In the end, I had to tell the FBI "Look, I haven't seen or talked with my cousin in a couple of decades, I haven't seen him making any hard boxes, but there is something about the writings that makes me wonder if it was him." The FBI let us know that my cousin was one of maybe a dozen people they really wanted to talk to. The agent asked me to try to finish reading the manifesto, to see if I saw any other connections. I just couldn't choke my way through it. The similarities to Kacyznski were rather uncanny - my cousin was very much into mathematics, he had been a street person, and was kind of full of himself. He had been at MIT at the time of the MK ULTRA experiments, and in his writings he has referred to one of the professors cooperating with the CIA, even though that professor was not in his field of study. Since we knew he had been in Berkeley, I have always wondered if the two of them met. There were some connections to Chicago, just like Kaczynski. In the end, it wasn't my cousin, but I have wondered more and more about it since learning the FBI admitted there was the fingerprints of another person in one of the bombs.
1. Boys and girls are treating each other as friends more than my generation. At my son's middle school, there was a pickup game of touch football while waiting for the bus to take them home. Both boys and girls played. That never would have happened in my generation. 2. They are looking out for each other more than my generation. 3. They are much more creative, although they do have better tools than we did.
Is there another kind?
Can you cite the rules about 100 miles from an airport? I found [this](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1357) regarding the 100 mile rule from the border, but couldn't find anything that would authorize checkpoints near airports.
Well, they were dumb enough to send PED enhanced curlers to the Olympics - about the last sport where doping would do you any good.
I hope they sue the pants off of Trump. Ohhh, wait, bad visuals....
"There she goes There she goes again...." and "Hello darkness my old friend. I've come to visit you again" Creepy.
"It's a Small World After All...." Sorry I did that to you all.
The government is asking them to pledge allegiance even though they aren't citizens? How much chutzpah does that take?
Welcome to the club. I've got that same picture, circa 1984.
Republic, MO and environs. All those Ten Commandments yard signs? As an atheist, it makes me afraid to be there, so I didn't spend any money there.
Insist all quotes be "out the door prices", ie, if you have that number of dollars, you can drive it home - includes, taxes, title, everything.
Not to mention voter suppression......
Screwdriver
This may sound a little counter intuitive, but if you can't find a friend willing to take you in until this blows over or resolves itself, check out the nearest Unitarian Church. It may have "church" in the title, but they do not have any dogma or fixed set of beliefs, and they will recognize you as a victim of your conscience. They can probably help make arrangements for a safe place to stay.
Depending on the religiosity of the area where he lives, calling CPS might make the problem worse - even though CPS employees are supposed to be professionals.
Isn't he still in Russia? Bad move, your life expectancy is declining rapidly......
"Work with me here" - ie, I want you to get the shaft so I can cover my mistake or make more money.
There used to be flights from San Francisco to Oakland. Probably just repositioning the plane, and they decided to sell seats. Back in the 1970's I used to take a flight from San Francisco to Visalia to visit girlfriend, with stops in Stockton, Modesto, Merced. Modesto to Merced was 9 minutes. And this was in a 737.
ROAD FOOOOD!
Same thing happened to a company I used to work for - on a smaller scale. Overloaded with debt to pay the owners a dividend, then the 1992 recession hit hard, particularly the businesses that the company was in. The division I was in was sold, and then the specific unit I was in was sold to an SOB. I was general manager, I recognized I'd have too many conflicts with the new owner, so I headed out when they put a buyout offer on the table. Then once I signed the papers, they refused to pay, so I had to sue to get the buyout.
&gt;He is an American, and he is running for the most important office in our country. He's certainly not acting like it.
No, she did that by brushing her teeth.
I'll help them out with a prayer that they go out of business.
If it sits for too long, what keeps it from becoming 800 miles of frozen black lipstick?
I thought you were joking, but holy crap they are being that blatant about it.
"When Air Force One is used to travel to a campaign event, the campaign has to reimburse the government for the pro rata share for each campaign traveler of what it would cost to charter a flight on an plane of sufficient size to accommodate all of the campaign travelers," said Larry Noble, general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center who also worked for 13 years as Federal Election Commission general counsel. "The reimbursement is done under government rules and must be reported by the campaign." Sauce: [CNBC Article RE: Clinton and Obama travel on Air Force One.](https://www.cnbc.com/2016/08/25/looking-for-a-clinton-payment-for-an-air-force-one-ride.html)
&gt;orange puff goblin Hey, show some respect! His full name is Cheeto Muskrat Manospequenos to you, buddy!
But he responsibly forged the certificates, right?
i got mine by mail while in college in the 1970's. In San Diego.
I think so many people have jumped in the swamp that it is overflowing it's banks.
Eww, gross - put a NSFW label on it, please.
Does it have any dinosaur footprints on it?
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
I gave my father a copy of Hawkings "A Brief History of Time" for Christmas when he was 80 years old. He started crying, I think because he realized I wanted to feed his intellectual side even at that age. &amp;#x200B;
Thank your parents for raising you. I gave each of my parents letters at around age 70 to thank them for the way they had raised me. When my father read his letter, he started crying. My mom said it was the best Christmas present she had gotten since she got a cello as a child. When my father died, it also let me be at peace knowing that I had thanked him for what he had done.
Every Breath You Take by The Police gets downright creepy- *Every breath you take* *Every move you make* *Every bond you break* *Every step you take* *I'll be watching you* *Every single day* *Every word you say* *Every game you play* *Every night you stay* *I'll be watching you* *Oh can't you see* *You belong to me* *My poor heart aches* *With every step you take* *Every move you make* *Every vow you break* *Every smile you fake* *Every claim you stake* *I'll be watching you* *Since you've gone I been lost without a trace* *I dream at night I can only see your face* *I look around but it's you I can't replace* *I feel so cold and I long for your embrace* *I keep crying baby, baby, please* *Oh can't you see* *You belong to me* *My poor heart aches* *With every step you take* *Every move you make* *Every vow you break* *Every smile you fake* *Every claim you stake* *I'll be watching you* *Every move you make* *Every step you take* *I'll be watching you* *I'll be watching you* *(Every breath you take, every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take)* *I'll be watching you* *(Every single day, every word you say, every game you play, every night you stay)* *I'll be watching you* *(Every move you make, every vow you break, every smile you fake, every claim you stake)* *I'll be watching you* *(Every single day, every word you say, every game you play, every night you stay)* *I'll be watching you* *(Every breath you take, every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take)* *I'll be watching you* *(Every single day, every word you say, every game you play, every night you stay)* *I'll be watching you* &amp;#x200B;
"body man" can be anything from a personal valet to an aide de camp who is the one who signals "It's time to go" at events and takes care of small personal things for the attended person, such as sending flowers to the spouse. Think Dule Hill's character Charlie in The West Wing.
Yes, that was in here someplace..... *flipping pages of the bible madly* Ah, here it is! Beaprick 2:25 - Thou shalt be an asshole to those you don't like.
You missed it. It was back in 2007.
Yes, but you'll also get cooties.
And then a short time later, the city went through the death of Leo Ryan and Jonestown, many of the members of which had come from San Francisco.
I think it's Ryan or Kasich. Flake hasn't been loyal to the party, Romney is just such old news.
System to allow you to grow or suppress the growth of hair at any point on the body.
My pediatrician would swab the petri dish in a dollar sign so he would know if there was money to be made off the patient.
&gt;Robert Jaworski, the special counsel investigating Nixon commissioned a memo that reached the opposite conclusion. \*LEON Jaworski wrote in his memoir that he came to the conclusion he could not indict a sitting president. That's why he named Nixon as an unindicted co-conspirator in a separate sealed document that was later unsealed.
It's been a while since I've farmed organically, but I believe both pyrethrin and rotenone are banned now. Copper sulfate is restricted, for use in certain circumstances, and there has to be soil monitoring to assure copper levels stay low.
&gt;Organic farms have more frequent disease outbreaks than convention farms on average. Source?
Well, that kind of shows the bias of the article. Yes, organic farms use fertilizers - often it's just composted manure and growing legumes to fix nitrogen, along with elemental additives to solve soil deficiencies. Another option is green manures - crops seeded specifically to plow down to ad organic content to the soil. Rye is a damn good one because it is alleopathic to quackgrass, one of the toughest weeds to control.
Copper sulfate is only allowed in limited circumstances for organic farmers, and there must be monitoring of soils to make sure there isn't a toxic copper buildup. For example, it is only allowed once every 2 years in organic rice farming. It's been a while since I've farmed organically, but I believe both rotenone and pyrethrins are now banned. &amp;#x200B;
I hope he turns it down.
My business owns 13 railcars and I get fucking tired of people thinking they have a right to paint on my railcars. I painted some of them in a [certain way](http://www.rrpicturearchives.net/showPicture.aspx?id=3081670) to help the crews at the quarries that load them understand where the internal dividers are. Then I get jackoffs who paint over the information. My pride and joy, the [Blue Fist Railcar](http://www.rrpicturearchives.net/showPicture.aspx?id=2992127) which was created during the Wisconsin protests of 2011 has now been tagged with graffitti. We put a lot of work into that railcar, and now it's been f.u.'ed by assholes. Further, when the yellow reflective strips on the side of the car get covered over, any railroad can install new strips, and the charge is something like $60 per side. So needless to say, I'm pretty pissed off at people who think it's okay to paint on somebody else's property. &amp;#x200B;
Can I grab him?
I hardly ever lie, so it wouldn't affect me much.
Needs an altar of money.
&gt;how about law and order reruns He allergic to them.
&gt;best and brightest. Best and the rightest. With good bootlicking skills.
I think it's more of a theoretical possibility than a practical every day risk. Kind of like the idea of microwaving water to a superheated state and then disturbing it and it instantaneously boils. It takes essentially perfect conditions for it to happen. But that one actually happened to my mom.
But he responsibly shot his hand, right? Well, no, it was his left hand.....
Bad case of warts or maybe even lupus. Eat it and find out.
Carrots are cheap and readily available...for your pleasure.
I used to sell vegetables we grew at the famer's market in Madison. They have very strict rules that you can only sell what you grew. I was really tempted to try to grow a pineapple just to bring to market to freak people out. Pineapple from Wisconsin? &amp;#x200B;
*remove item from bagging area* PLEASE PLACE ITEM IN BAGGING AREA *place item in bagging area* UNEXPECTED ITEM IN BAGGING AREA *remove item from bagging area* PLEASE PLACE ITEM IN THE BAGGING AREA *place item in bagging area* UNEXPECTED ITEM IN BAGGING AREA *remove item from bagging area* PLEASE PLACE ITEM IN THE BAGGING AREA Pull out shotgun and blast the damn machine to smithereens.
I call BS, you weren't on a flight. That actually looks like a nice environment, and no torture devices are visible.
I thought the most interesting part is where the crow lies on it's side like the kitten and bats at the kitten with it's feet. That is not normal bird behavior.
Luck!
Used to raise vegetables to sell at the farmer's market in Madison. We specialized in peppers and eggplants, and grew these white ones, the purple ones, the long skinny purple ones, green ones, long green ones, pink ones, you name it, we had it for eggplants. People would pick up the green ones, and ask "How do you serve it?" I, of course, would say "With ham."
I was doing a training hike in the city for a backpacking trip I was going to take, and I kind of looked bummish. A nice hispanic guy offered me money and wanted to know if I needed help.
Dick? Is that you?
There's a whole variety of rodents out there for the rattlesnakes to munch on. I imagine the rabbits are actually not eaten very much, too big to swallow sort of thing, but the rattlesnake is just striking at anything warm that saunters past them. It may be that many of them survive the injection of the venom, but only the weak/really vulnerable ones die, and over 100 generations of the past 30 years, you see the natural selection happening. Remember, only 2% of humans bit by a rattlesnake die, and that includes little kids or old people or those who die of shock.
Those who tilt their torso more while dancing tend to have higher self confidence. That's why you may be picking the girl on the right.
I thought it was a version of the Vulcan mind meld.
Gotta draw the line in the sand and stick to it.
That's impressive.
Because the other contestants have severe mobility issues. Nobody ever taught them how to build warp drives.
Opiates cause constipation, they are the cause of this shit.
Democrats are ignorant to how easy it is to create a market for free money and services. (On the flip side, Republicans are oblivious to how much capital it takes to bring people up out of poverty.) &amp;#x200B;
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
Twitter temper tantrum coming in 3...2...1...
No, it's a commentary on how easy it becomes to hand out welfare.
Crawling around under the 3-D model of Yosemite at maybe 3 years old. I realized I was somehow connected to *that* pair of legs (my father).
So that was the source of the blue light over New York.
IIRR it wasn't a law, it was a "sense of the Senate" resolution to clarify the situation. Nobody questioned it.
Listen up, it's time you stopped hogging getting all the holidays before everybody else. Let some other country go ahead of you for once, okay?
It's just warmed over Old Zealand. Kind of like reheated leftovers.
Congrats! Enjoy it while you can - they eventually turn into teenagers.
Nixon did have Sun Myung Moon (of the Unification Church Moonies cult), but I would agree that Moon's efforts were largely ineffective.
Girlfriend in high school.
&gt;Please don't politicize this tragedy and use the victims as a soap box to push your anti-gun agenda. So we should ignore the problem and don't implement any effective solutions so it can happen again?
Fill the Swamp!
&gt;The FDA is pretty damn thorough when it comes to our food. When rBGH was approved, the testing to see if IGF-1 (more IGF-1 in milk produced with rBGH) consisted of a two week rate feeding study to determine if IGF-1 is orally active. There were some indicators that it was indeed orally active (tibia length and liver size, IIRR) but the statistical confidence level was only in the 80% range, not the 95% that is considered proof. The FDA then said "Nothing happened here, move along folks." and concluded there were no effects and approved it. And a couple of the people on the panel to approve it had industry connections.
&gt;Why do people think that GMO crops increase the use of pestisides? Quick googling indicates glyphosate usage has increased 15 fold since GMO Roundup Ready crops were introduced. &gt; Why would a farmer pay a premium price for seeds that grow crops that required spending more money on pesticides? Because it saves the practice of cultivation, and allows more acres to be farmed per unit of labor.
The genetic diversity of the seed corn industry is surprisingly limited. The basic corn genome used in the US is based on something like 16 varieties. There have been instances where crop diseases like smut have spread like wildfire due to vulnerability of some corn varieties.
Bain Capital, Mitt Romney's firm, bought Toys R Us and then extracted a lot of capital from it to pay themselves back, loading it with debt in the process that eventually crippled the company.
Sears was notorious for doing this back in the '50's and '60's.
No, I'm thinking of Bain Capital, the private equity firm that vultures in, strips assets, loads them up with debt to pay the equity firm a dividend, then spins them off to let them die slowly twisting in the wind.
To a certain extent he was that Russia is a threat in terms of their mucking around in global affairs. As an economic an military power, they just don't have any oomph.
I, for one, welcome Reddit's new Chinese overlords.
Was this information part of the evidential record for the case now being decided by the court? Because if it wasn't, then the Supreme Court ***will*** ignore it - because that's how the law works - if it's not in the record, they can't consider it.
So true. When I was an executive department analyst for a major railroad, I was given the thankless task of analyzing if the company was utilizing it's two jets. Net conclusion? If an executive was going to go to a remote location, it would be much more cost effective to charter. Otherwise, let them fly first class. The only time the jets made sense was when there was a hazmat derailment and we needed to get our hazmat people and some of their equipment to the site as fast as possible.
Yes, but the field trips suck.
Sounds like he's signalling "Hey Russia, we need to meet and talk."
"Poking the Panda" is a dangerous game.
No, he's Gwand Sachem of the Woyal Owder of Muskwats.
When a guy and a towel love each other very much........
Wouldn't Federal Marshals get involved if there was a federal court warrant? And what happens when a Federal Marshal comes calling to the White House or Treasury Dept. to take away a staffer or Eric/Don Jr.? I'd be inclined to believe the Secret Service would have to defer to the federal marshals.
&gt;welcomed and *invited*
I concur. I graduated a year early and I didn't have the social maturity to take on college, and I was miserable there. I really feel it's that last year of high school where you learn to shoot the shit, josh around with your peers, and learn how to deal with them. I skipped that, and it's affected me my whole life.
That's nothing. My son could jump over the wall in Wario Stadium and get a half lap ahead of everybody else.
I don't think he could shovel it. Spew it, but not shovel it.
\#GrowSomeBallsDems
My dad, when he did something that I didn't understand how he did it, would say "Gotta hold your ears right". It meant he had done it before and knew how to do it.
More like 63 PDQ tiddlywinks.
The set my younger brother had back in the late 1960's had a much pointier spike to put them on, to the degree that I could see it as being a hazard, and they also had a purple ring on top.
In the dark?
Remember when Diebold said they couldn't make voting machines that produce a paper record? You know, the company that makes ATM's that print paper receipts?
By doing things. Take up a sport - be it pickleball, community softball, curling, whatever - that gets you out and circulating. Interested in politics? Then actually join your local political party and do stuff with them. Like to cycle? Find a cycling club. Like to camp and other outdoor adventures? There's meetup groups for that. You won't make friends if you just sit home and watch TV.
Are you touching him enough? I had this situation with my ex, she rarely touched me or initiated, so at that point if she did anything, I thought she was raring to go. If she had overdosed me with touch, I wouldn't have thought that.
What did she say?
Encyclopedia Brown.
Biff Tannen rolled in shit and smelled like it. Donald Trump is full of shit.
A simple, friendly, honest smile.
Not blond enough for Fox
American Airlines used to have piano bars on some flights.
I'll send them my thoughts and prayers - that they go bankrupt.
I sell landscaping stones. A couple times a year we get calls from an apartment manager, or a plant maintenance manager, and they start out say "I've got this problem with people driving......." I can immediately interrupt and say "so you're looking for some car stopper boulders, right?"
I like the eyebrows.
My father got hit in the leg and butt with some shrapnel in WWII. The X-ray technology of the era did not find the pieces of uniform fabric that got carried into his flesh, they eventually had to cut away portions due to the infections.
Hey Marvin, what's happe....OW! SHIT! Why did you do that?
Years ago in one of the Wisconsin elections a radio station in Milwaukee took a phone call from a guy allegedly on a bus from Michigan to go vote in Milwaukee. It was absolute total bullshit, but they've tried this one before.
This is a really practical skill. Allow me to do a PSA here- Back in 1991, my father went on a tour of Antarctica. The group had to fly from Punta Arenas to Puerto Williams, and they only had a BAe-146, so they did it in two flights. Pop took the first flight, no problem. The second flight [ran off the end of the runway into the Beagle Channel.](https://aviation-safety.net/database/record.php?id=19910220-0) The plane wasn't heavily damaged, and the evacuation proceeded until one guy froze at the door. He didn't know how to swim. That slowed down the evacuation, and 20 people drowned. Some may have died anyway from exposure, but it was felt that if that obstruction hadn't happened, more would have survived. Make sure you and your kids know how to swim, everybody!
I would have applauded if I was there.
They probably have two-hour rates.
When a mommy segway loves a daddy segway very much.........
I once asked, saying I felt like a butt explosion was coming on. They refused.
Bread and Circuses!
Thanks for the explanation. My father had a colostomy for the last 40 years of his life, but I never heard about the marshmallows.
That's Aye Aye Corinthians
They're calling it Affordable Clean Energy? Then War is Peace and Freedom is Slavery.
We are ruled by cats.
I suppose now the court can say that the Jim Crow laws were just an expression of Southern Heritage and they don't have to be found unconstitutional. As Alito wrote :" The passage of time gives rise to a strong presumption of constitutionality." Bullshit. How are we going to overturn and correct long standing violations of constitutional rights if they gradually somehow become "constitutional" due to continued violation? This decision is a slap in the face of all who have non-mainstream christian beliefs.
Ideally, the location of manufacture reflects the transportation costs of the ingredients. For chocolate, that main ingredients are the cocoa, sugar, and milk. A lot of cocoa is imported to the US through NYC, there's sugar in the Red River Valley of ND/MN, and milk in Wisconsin. That's why there's a couple of chocolate plants in Wisconsin, it represent a point that has lowest transportation costs. Just like raw steel (by the original process, not from scrap) is made on the Great Lakes - ore comes by boat (after a short rail haul) from the Arrowhead region of Minnesota or the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, coal for coking comes from Appalachia, and the limestone used comes from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. So it all meets together at plants on the shores of the Great Lakes - Gary, IN, Cleveland, the old South Chicago works, etc.
If she went into the apartment unarmed, but came out with the guns, is that armed burglary?
At least my ex and I were able to do the divvying up amicably at home..........
When I worked as an ice cream scooper in the early 1970's, Edy's had black licorice ice cream. Looked awful, tasted worse.
Unfortunately, those documents were not part of the evidentiary record on that case, so it will probably be decided without that information.
Iraq's army did not have the will to fight - witness all the mass surrenders. Iran probably has the will to fight. While the US has better technology, Iran is no slouch on that front. I would think Russia wants the US to get into a war so oil prices will go up, boosting the Russian economy.
Doesn't Iran have Chinese anti-ship missiles?
The Park Service has re-examined their whole reason for existence - particularly to "preserve" the sites for future generations. While I agree with most of the changes at Yosemite over the years (removing the golf course and tennis courts, closing some areas to traffic) there are some changes that I disagree with - limiting the number of campsites, and now I understand they want to shut down the bike rentals and ice skating rink. But overall, I think the park service is getting it right - preserving nature.
A dump truck's mud flap bracket broke and the flap and bracket fell onto the highway in Wisconsin. A family traveling in a van, the Willis Family, hit the mudflap and the bracket flipped up and punctured the gas tank of the van, engulfing it in flames. Six children died. Investigators found the dump truck and the driver, whose command of English was so poor they started to question how he got his Commercial Driver's License. Further investigation found that trucking companies were paying bribes to the Illinois Secretary of State's (the SoS in Illinois administers driver's licences) political slush fund in order to get CDL's for drivers who were otherwise unqualified. George Ryan, who was Secretary of State then and had subsequently been elected to governorship, was ultimately convicted of accepting the bribes and sentenced to five years in federal prison. Several other state employees were convicted too. Side notes: This is why Wisconsin doesn't require mudflaps on dump trucks - they tend to break off like this because they get damaged while the material is being dumped. And the Willis Family? Three other children survived, became the Christian musical group The Willis Clan, and one of the three, Toby, a minister, was convicted of child sexual abuse and accused by his daughter of sexual abuse.
I posted this comment over 5 years ago, so I don't feel too bad about re-posting it- I worked at Southern Pacific in marketing back in the mid-80's. After the Challenger disaster, we got a rate request from Aerojet, who wanted to try to take the contract for building the booster rockets away from Morton Thiokol by building them in one piece, instead of segments. In the marketing department, we assigned analysts based on the STCC code, a code that describes what the commodity is. It turned out to be a commodity that I was supposed to handle the setting of the rates. Sales rep and I went out to meet with Aerojet. They wanted to explore all sorts of options, including shipping by rail all the way from Folsom, CA to KSC, shipping it to Stockton or LA and putting it on a barge to haul it the rest of the way, etc. Had our clearance department check out whether or not it would fit through the notoriously tight tunnels in the Tehachapi mountains, and IT ACTUALLY WOULD! I couldn't believe it. Anyway, Aerojet eventually narrowed it down to just the Stockton idea, and I looked to see if there were any current rates in effect - only a class rate of $100,000 for the 68 mile move. I told Aerojet we would do it for the class rate and give them special train service straight from the plant to the port for that rate - we didn't want this thing loaded with a couple hundred thousand pounds of class B explosives sitting around. One of the most interesting projects I worked on. Found out that the shell is actually quite thin, the real strength is in the support rings. Ultimately, Aerojet did not wrestle the contract away from Morton Thiokol.
I'm sure the salesmen for digital signs tell the city council that they aren't distracting, but then turn around and tell businesses "This will really grab their attention!".
But Africa is a country!
And I think she tore a ligament in his knee too......
How sad that she had to spend half her life fighting cancer.
As a teenager back in the 1970's, I worked at a Taco Bell. The manager brought in a new employee, 30-35, who kept on talking about how he was gay, owned a bar in Des Moines that the police kept on trying to shut down, and came to California to get away from all that. As we were closing up after midnight, he asked "Do you want to go out for bite to eat?" I just told him I was tired and needed to go home. And that was it. But creepy as all get out.
Did he go to the store for some cigarettes?
What they had back then were wildly unaimable and difficult to keep going for multiple shots. What we have today are death rays of lead that you don't have to really bother to aim too much because they spit out so many bullets that one or two are bound to hit your target if you just sweep across their body profile. I don't think the founding fathers anticipated that.
It's always easy to create on paper scenarios that don't happen often in life. Grandma is not going to save herself by having an AR-15 with a 100 round magazine just in case she is home invaded by a gang of thirty thugs. In the meantime, you're ignoring the fact that suicides by gun and familial murders are extremely common.
Is it still one piece, or did you cut some smaller pieces off of the it to make parts?
More than the 1.5 million who attended his inaugural? Will he count the protestors as those attending his parade?
Based on how they appeared and their mannerisms, Beto and Ryan lost, and I'm not sure Delaney could have gained anything. Gabbard scored because she didn't interrupt, and was confident and reasonably concise.
IIRR, they had a lot of trouble driving the flagpole into the moon soil and they modified it for the later flights so it wouldn't be such a problem.
Obama really didn't have the Senate for very long. Franken's swearing in was delayed by the recount, and Teddy Kennedy was dying at that point. Once Scott Brown was elected as Kennedy's replacement, it was over.
&gt;Policies aside he failed to unite the country and the divide grew Not Obama's fault, that was the fault of the Republicans.
Aye Aye Corinthians.
Luck!
Playing the flute.
Ostensibly it was about the possibility of blade throw, ice throw, and tower fall, but those are all calculable instead of a blanket 1/4 mile restriction. Since there's a lot of roads 1/2 mile from each other, the 1/4 mile restriction was a way to come close to banning them without saying "We're banning wind turbines". I think it was more like "The Koch Brothers don't like alternative energy." I've stood under wind turbines that I couldn't hear, but the highway 200 yards away was pretty noisy.
In Wisconsin, five percent of the precincts are selected at random *after* the election to verify the machine counting of the paper ballots.
There are some legal ramifications here. As a general rule, you should be advising those who interact with you that you are a corporation or LLC, by putting "Inc.", "Co.", or "LLC" (whichever you are) after your business name on stationary, business cards, website, etc. sop they understand exactly what kind of entity they are dealing with. Corporate names and DBA names are often registered with a government agency so nobody else can use them.
It's not that cut and dried. When governments were spending general revenue funds for the building of roads (gas taxes did not and do not pay for the full cost of roadways) then the auto/highway mode was subsidized. The trolleys, interurbans, streetcars, and commuter rail were competing against a mode of transport that was heavily subsidized, particularly in the post WWII era when so much of suburbia was created. While I'm not entirely opposed to government subsidy of transport networks, a balanced treatment of the different modes of transport probably would have allowed rail-based alternatives to continue to operate, due to their advantages (particularly land use per unit of capacity provided). Add in that much of the cost of the automobile has been socialized ( land taken off the tax rolls, pollution, keeping the Strait of Hormuz open to supply oil) and the fact that it's easy to identify the costs of transit in a budget vs. harder to identify these externalized costs of the automobile, you end up with auto/oil interests attacking public transportation, while keeping the public ignorant about the costs of their preferred mode.
The only major subsidy for rail lines up through WWII was the land grants for the original construction of track. That era was over, and the railroads hauled federal freight for reduced rates in return up through WWII that pretty much paid back the value of the land grants (not the value the land came to be, however). It was only when rail commuter lines were sold to public agencies (METRA in Chicago, CalTrain in SF, Metrolink in LA) that they regained subsidies. I don't dispute that autos and buses were seen as the wave of he future, but that was largely because of the public relations campaigns of the auto/oil industry. However, if you examine the transportation value of rail transit, there are a lot of sectors of the market for movement that rail fills well - in terms of capacity, cost, land use, reduction in pollution. I myself recently moved to Milwaukee in the past year, and I find the freeway mode of transport is very fragile in terms that one little incident - a simple a a cop pulling over a speeder - will set off a wave of delays that last an hour. Combined with the never-ending construction and winter delays, I don't see freeways as a reliable system.
Whaddya mean cats and beaches don't mix well? Tell me, what's the significance of a cat walking on a beach during the Yuletide season? &amp;#x200B; Sandy Claws.
There is a well known phenomena in the US transit industry - people who have a choice of driving or taking transit (called discretionary riders) do not like to take buses. Why? Sad to say, it is rooted in racial identifications. Surveys show discretionary riders don't like buses because A. The people who ride them, and B. They are afraid that the bus will go off it's route and into a bad neighborhood. That's why light rail performs better than buses at attracting riders - more discretionary riders are willing to give it a chance.
I know this is going to sound silly, but I really like pansies, the flower. Mom used to grow them every summer in front of our house when I was growing up, and those were some of my best years of life, so I have sort of a sentimental feeling about the colorful little buggers.
Agreed. OP Pastor has it right.
That makes it sound like he is specifically doesn't want to go to *her* church. OP should make it broader, "I've come to the realization that religion isn't my cup of tea." so she won't feel her specific religion rubs OP the wrong way.
With Russia providing the PED's to all three of them.
Hour-ahead forecasts are generally good enough to work around the ramp up and ramp down times. IIRR, natural gas plants have a 15-20 minute ramp up, they are better at the turn off and turn on than coal plants.
Somewhere out there , the engineer who designed this is snickering. Or maybe outright laughing.
Rather debilitating experience - lots of fraud, in pictures and about me descriptions and fake "likes" (looking at you, Match). I had pretty much given up, stopped subscribing and only stayed on one where I could receive messages for free. And then a gal sent a message, we were an incredibly good fit, had a heck of a lot of fun together, she moved in after 4 months with her three bengal kitties, it's been a year now and we have five bengal kitties.
I understand. My ex was raised in sort of a fundamentalist Methodist church, and 18 years into marriage she told me she was ashamed we had sex before we were married. I've been through that "lots of issues with sex" nightmare too. Hope you find your way completely clear of all the boxes they tried to trap you in.
I remember my kindergarten teacher reading us the Little Red Hen, a book about a hen who when to all the trouble to plant wheat and harvest it and mill it and bake it into bread. At each step she asked the other farm animals to help, and they all refused, up until the point when the bread was ready and the hen asked who wanted to help eat it. Of course, the hen declined all the other animals help in eating the product of her work alone since they didn't help grow and make it. I never thought about how much of an allegory it is, and this topic kind of brings that all back. Should schools be teaching values like this? If it's a universal value, then yes, but if it's a 75% popular value, then should it be taught? Interesting question.
Tapioca pudding
Trump told the Russians he can't launder their money anymore.
Go Pro - do something stupid for the internet.
There was a weather gal on a TV station in Knoxville, TN who pronounced the location of the hottest temperature in the US as "GUY-la Bend, Arizona". I'll grant that she probably hadn't heard a lot of Spanish pronunciations living there. It's "HEE-la Bend", spelled Gila Bend.
Looks like it's time to get bone spurs diagnosed by a friendly doctor.
I don't have any better figures, but I'm a little skeptical of the graph as presented, and it probably needs more clarification. For example, dairy in Wisconsin mostly doesn't require irrigation, and there is plenty of water to go around. Dairy in New Mexico or California requires a lot of water for growing crops (much of which comes from the Ogallala Aquifer for feed, which also needs transportation to the dairy, whereas in Wisconsin and Indiana, feed crops are grown right there. Also, almonds require a lot of water but are grown mostly in California, which has water shortages from time to time. So I'm a little skeptical of those numbers.
They didn't have the worst one - putting his feet up on the desk. [Total disgrace to America.](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/desk-job/)
Hash browns. Home made, crispy crunchy on the outside, greasy on the inside Throw in some onion flakes and garlic powder for flavor. Pepper and salt on top.
If you look at satellite views of any of the former air force bases along the northern border of the US you'll see the ready pads at the ends of the runway. Each base had a dozen or so B-52's loaded and ready to all depart within 15 minutes, there were crews in quarters nearby enough they could just run to the planes and get going before the ICBMs from Russia landed. [Here's KI Sawyer AFB near Gwinn, MI.](https://www.google.com/maps/place/K.+I.+Sawyer+AFB,+MI+49841/@46.3542067,-87.4180909,9854m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x4d4e1d242a965167:0x10327c013fa3f1b5!8m2!3d46.3423176!4d-87.3878601) The ready pads are at the southwest end of the runway. [Kincheloe AFB](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kincheloe,+Kinross+Charter+Twp,+MI+49788/@46.2501833,-84.4820927,2468m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x4d361052dd5584d5:0x46fd9ba8766b2464!8m2!3d46.2664445!4d-84.4663642) [Glasgow AFB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow_Air_Force_Base) [Wurtsmith AFB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wurtsmith_Air_Force_Base) [Grand Forks AFB](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Grand+Forks+AFB,+ND/@47.9514909,-97.4224807,9563m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x52c431b2b395759d:0xa9e84e7624ff256b!8m2!3d47.9525204!4d-97.3824492) [Minot AFB](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Minot+AFB,+ND/@48.4198671,-101.3808512,9476m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x52dedf5d72ee0f1b:0x3b5e7fddf7ae4d7b!8m2!3d48.4157509!4d-101.3386723) [Fairchild AFB](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Fairchild+AFB,+WA/@47.6159676,-117.6925932,9625m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x549e15a8783d227f:0x18cd0df7ad91639d!8m2!3d47.6182629!4d-117.6438555)
She should be let off on this one. Shooting a phone is totally justified self defense.
Unemployment changes are more of a factor of the size of the population currently retiring vs. the size of the population coming into the workforce., with a little bit of variance due to the economy. All the baby boomers are retiring, and we're getting a larger proportion of the population that has to be supported (in terms of building the cars, serving the food, making mousetraps) by the workforce remaining.
&gt;he is very good about keeping campaign promises. "I will build a border wall and Mexico will pay for it." I don't think he's kept that core promise. &gt;The impeachment is literally based on zero evidence just accusations and opinions. Seventeen people have corroborated the claim that the withholding of aid to Ukraine was because Trump wanted Ukraine to investigate the Bidens. ***Just the act of soliciting "anything of value" from a foreign entity is illegal under elections law.*** It doesn't matter if Ukraine didn't investigate, just soliciting the investigation\* was illegal and an abuse of his power for his own personal benefit. \*to make it clear, the FEC considers anything of greater than $25,000 to be "of value". I presume the investigation Trump wanted would have cost more than that.
IIRR, this ad was referring to Texas.
When I was a youngster, my mom had a rule that we couldn't come out to the kitchen until 6:30 so she could have some peace and quiet in the morning. I wanted to get up to read the funnies in the paper. I'm 62 years old now, and I continue to be doomed to wake up at 6:30 for the rest of my life. I've slept past that time maybe only a couple dozen times in my life.
Covered hoppers are used for grain. I've owned a few, some of which will unload between the rails, some will dump outside the rails.
&gt;They could send an industrial vacuum truck to clean it up before that happens. Realistically, this is probably just one pocket of a railcar, maybe at most 1500 bushels. At $3.90 per bushel, you couldn't get a vacuum truck out there for the value of the corn. The railroad still might do it to remove the foreign materials from the track, otherwise in a few weeks you'll have a big giant stinky fermenting mess.
The fly ash is blended with the cement powder, it improves the properties of the cement. It can also cause heavy metal contamination.
I told a cop that he got me fair and square, I knew the speed limit dropped at that point, I had just zoned out. He let me go. Another time, I told the cop I had gotten a little lead footy lately, and he asked if I had just put the snow tires on for the season. I said yes, and he pointed out that would make my speed faster than what the speedometer says, and he let me off.
And now you have chlamydia......
He's stating the maximum that is permitted under the regulations, but I doubt any food processor is anywhere near the maximum.
The House should censure him.
&gt;Why the fuck would rats be allowed? It's not rats, it's rat dung and rat hairs. With any bulk agricultural product, there will be rats getting into it, this just states how much rat contamination is allowed.
&gt;Just pay those people to stay home. I beg to differ. Once security screening was instituted back in the early 1970's, the number of hijackings [significantly dropped](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_aircraft_hijackings) And how many planes have been hijacked in the US since 9/11? The only one I remember is the Horizon plane that was stolen and crashed in Seattle.
*(mumbling) USA......dammit.....*
The only states he won were Massachusetts and DC. He even lost his home state of South Dakota
&gt;and he can just dissolve some affirmative action program to pay enough to finish it in a year. And you'll still claim Mexico is paying for it...........
Most guys will tell you that in reality model-type beauty and boob size really don't matter. What does matter is being friendly, fun to be around, and having an easy smile for them. Work on those things. If you're a guy, the same applies. Except substitute "gals", "handsomeness" and "dick".......
To be realistic, monorails aren't all that practical. The switches from one track to another are massive long structures, you really can't run them with grade crossings, and the capacity isn't all that large compared to light rail.
I've broken a rib, had a foot run over by a car, but nothing was worse than flying with a sinus infection. When they started the descent, I wanted to hijack the plane back up to a higher altitude, the pain was so intense.
A smile. That is what's really important.
Makes it more expensive to build. There are low-speed situations where you want to have the service at ground level to make it more convenient for the passengers - such as most light rail systems.
My no-nonsense doctor gave me this lowdown on chiropractors - the ones who make claims about curing all sorts of ailments through spinal manipulations are absolute charlatans, but the ones who can fix spinal and joint problems are actually worth it. I too like to keep religion out of my consumer transactions. I will not patronize a business that puts a fishy or star of david in their advertising.
I've never been to a chiropractor. I'm just stating what my no-nonsense doctor said.
&gt;Why hasn't the IRS revoked their religion status yet? Because one person's cult is another person's religion. Unfortunately.
GF recently brought a couple bengal kittens into our house. Really makes me feel like I'm parenting again.
My business owns railcars, and I get really honked off when somebody tags them. What makes you think you have the right to deface somebody else's property? We've done some interesting paint jobs on our cars, why do you have to ruin it? For pete's sake, does anybody think about what it is going to cost to undo this damage? Since it's parked at a platform and has pantographs, I'm assuming it's a trainset in working order. Repainting something like this is going to cost probably in the range of $100,000.
You sure about that?
Sometimes, the efficiency isn't important, the overall cost is. You could have a process that's only 1% efficient, but as long as the capital cost is dirt cheap, it may still be cost effective. Likewise, a process that's very efficient may not be cost effective. However, efficiency does help reduce the cost. For example, solar cells. Even though early 2010's they were still around 22% efficiency, they were becoming cost effective for wide scale electrical generation. I'll grant there's a big difference between a 3% efficiency and something 20% efficient, but you always have to go back to the cost to see if it's viable.
Emphasis on the nut.
Agreed. At this point, I don't want to even hear from anybody who hasn't gained enough traction to be in 10th place. After Iowa, I don't even want to hear about anybody who didn't place fifth or higher. After Super Tuesday, I don't want to hear from more than 3 candidates.
I put my feelings about the LGBTQ community this way: Maybe I'm hardwired too much as a straight male to understand people who are LGBTQ. I'll happily get together with a woman, but kind of think most guys are boors and bores, and don't understand why two guys would want to hang out, much less do something sexual. Maybe I can understand lesbians, because a lot of women I've come across are really funny and smart and kind, so naturally I can understand why somebody would want to be with them. Trans? Even though I have a MtF niece, I've been somewhat more than a passing aquaintance with a "non-binary bleeder" as she described herself, but I still don't understand. However, my *inability to understand* is no reason to discriminate or hate, and I fully support everybody's right to be who they are.
Late in the presidential campaign of 1972, a heckler was razzing George McGovern, who was obviously going to lose the race. McGovern leaned over to the heckler on the rope line and said ""Listen, you son of a bitch, why don't you kiss my ass?"
The three retiring ones - Enzi(WY), Alexander(TN), and Roberts (KS) may take direction from RNC as to where to go with this. Alexander ran for president and is probably tired of Trump's jackassery. Sasse(NE) and Murkowski(AK) are possible ones. No love lost for Trump. The filing deadline for Collins(ME) Senate race is June 1st, she has to worry about being primaried.
Sasse had his famous "dumpster fire" comment. I don't think he likes Trump at all.
When the Coulee Region Organic Produce Pool (CROPP, which you know as Organic Valley on the supermarket shelf) formed, they promised their farmers $16.00 per hundredweight for their milk when the prevailing price was $11-12.00 per hundredweight. In 2018, CROPP paid an average of $29.74 per hundredweight when the weighted average for conventionally produced milk was $16.27 per hundredweight. These are smaller farms that do organic, and maybe that's the niche farmers should head towards. CROPP is based in La Farge, Wisconsin but has bottling agreements all across the country.
The dairy farms that are going under are usually the smaller operations that are no longer viable except in niche markets.
&gt;commercial aircraft can take off on one engine. To get technical - they have to be able to take off with one engine out. So of course for twin engine planes on one engine, but a A380 is only required to be able to take off with three engines.
Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen.
Doesn't look like an airplane to me. There's actual legroom.
Because hormones rule.
&gt;spewing their bullshit till the water fills their ears. Lower. They talk out of their ass.
This is me getting out of bed every morning. I am the walrus.
TBF, anything more that "Mary had a little lamb" is going to sound legalistic to Ron Johnson.
And when they get to the end of the cold storage/artificial atmosphere season before the new crop comes in, they are awful.
Here's what I sent to Enzi(WY), Alexander(TN), Roberts (KS) (the retiring Republicans) Murkowski(AK), Sasse(NE), and Romney (UT) who have no love for Trump, and Collins(ME) who is in a difficult fight and needs to win independent votes. The penultimate paragrpah was edited each time to reflect the other senators other than the one I was writing to: Dear Senator \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Although I'm not one of your immediate constituents, I am asking that you consider taking my issues under your wing since much of the Senate leadership isn't going to. I am writing as one of your greater constituents - an American citizen - to ask that you help assure all Americans that we get a fair impeachment trial in the US Senate. The steps to assure a fair trail will occur when the rules for the trial are adopted. I strongly believe the following key points need to be addressed in the rules making process to make sure this doesn't turn out to be a sham and a shame on the Constitution: 1. All witnesses called by the prosecution should be compelled to testify. Chief Justice Roberts should only deny witness subpoenas based on relevancy to prevent this serious matter from being turned into a circus of misdirection. If necessary, Chief Justice Roberts should be allowed to grant immunity from prosecution based on the testimony given. 2. Chief Justice Roberts shall be authorized to remove Senator jurors who are challenged on the basis that they are not going to decide the case based on the evidence presented, such as Sens. McConnell and Graham (based on their documented pre-trial statements); have inherent conflicts such as McConnell (wife is Secretary of Transportation); or are potential witnesses (Ron Johnson). 3. That the votes to convict and remove and prohibit from running for office again be conducted by secret ballot. We allow juries in criminal trials this privilege to protect their safety, it appears it may be necessary for the political and possibly physical safety of Senators. Without these basic fairness principles, the country is going to be further divided. We need to do the impeachment in a manner that provides a result that can be accepted as the ending the framers of the Constitution, our founding fathers, and all those who have helped shape American democracy for the past 243 years would expect to see. Please work with the Democrats, and encourage other specific Republicans - Sens. Collins, Alexander, Roberts, Enzi, Murkowski and Romney - who may be inclined to join with you to make the rules of the impeachment trial reflect the gravity of the issues at hand. Thank you from one of your "greater constituents"- (signed)
Don't forget the Corn Palace in Mitchell! And the Sacajawea statue at the rest stop in Chamberlain is pretty cool too.
But it's the [Libertarian Paradise!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ul-Efi1Xys)
You work in PR?
Cheeto Muskrat Manospequenos
One of the toilets in my house you have to sit side saddle because the sink cabinet is in the way
Part of the problem is that Republicans want to bash anything government, therefore our public education is constantly bashed. I grew up in one of the best public school districts in California, if not the nation - Palo Alto. Yet when I moved to a small town in Wisconsin, I was impressed with our public schools - the facilities were good, the teachers were lively and engaged and not there just passing time, and they had done an early intervention with ECE for our LD son who didn't really speak until he was 4 years old. Sure, the offerings are limited when you only have \~100 students per grade level, but we certainly had the basics and more. What really stood out was when the middle school needed to be replaced, the old one was a firetrap and was very outdated, and not ADA compliant. In Wisconsin, first there has to be a meeting of the electors to approve putting the bond measure on the ballot. Around 200 people showed up in the gym of the high school for this meeting. I saw a lot of silver hair, and I thought this was going to be difficult to get passed since they didn't have children in the school. I was wrong. The measure was approved to be put on the ballot by a vote of 195-5. Those were the grandparents, and they cared enough to tax themselves so their grandkids could have a better education. When actually voted upon, the bond measure passed with something like a 65% approval.
&gt;the guy himself wasn't exactly a beacon of morality, either. You mean like "How long after he and Nancy married was Patti born?" Of course IDGAF, but evangelical conservatives would.
Or putting his feet up on the desk. Impeachable!
Cool, but it was probably much more expensive than just building it on the ground.
I'm a 60 something guy, and for a while I hung out with a 32 year old gal. Sort of an alternative dad to her. She was fun most of the time, but at times it was really difficult for me. I kept on trying to find things to do to get her out of her apartment, but she kept on resisting. One evening at her apartment, she just wanted to lie on the couch and wanted me to just sit there. I almost felt like she was asking me to worship her depression and I was enabling more than helping. I said I had other things to do, words were said, and that kind of led to the end of the relationship - which I sorely miss.
My free speech doesn't have the potential to hurt you. A guy with a gun and a mental issue being told he may lose the gun is a public safety issue. A guy who doesn't understand it's a public safety issue shouldn't be allowed to have a gun because he doesn't understand the gravity of mixing gun ownership with mental health issues. That would be you.
It involved a scantily clad woman. Damn, I wanted to see how it ended up.
I would say there is a visual impact. One turbine is graceful, two are interesting, three or more starts to look like an industry. Of course, when the coal fired power plant was operating Kenosha, I could see the condensed vapor plume from 30 miles away, so I consider wind to have less visual impact than fossil fuels.
Open carry is "I've got a gun and you better watch out because if you do anything I don't like I'm going to blast you to smithereens for it. And I'm itching to be a hero." Concealed carry is "I have a gun and know how to use it but I don't feel a need to broadcast that fact."
I am not trying to "...criminalize millions of gun owners....". Unless you think there's that many out there who have mental issues.
Don't put words into my mouth. Tell me where I said "I want to reduce the total number of guns as a whole". I have no problem with legal gun owners who are stable and without criminal intent. I do have a problem with some subsets of legal gun owners - mostly those who are obsessed with guns, those who have criminal intent, those who are wannabe heroes, those that think they need a gun to protect themselves from the gubmint, those that think they need to open carry at a hamburger joint to prove a point, those who think it's okay to open carry AR's at a farmer's market to prove a point, those who think they should be allowed to open carry into any business establishment that doesn't want them to open carry, and those who are mentally ill. Unfortunately, the only ones we can do anything about are the mentally ill.
The only protests that have made a difference in the past 52 years were the Vietnam protests and the Brooks Brothers Riot.
But Trump is stupid enough to insist he be put on the stand.
Couldn't he be reprimanded/censured by the Bar for this?
He's also a "Christian Nation" advocate.
On one hand, we encourage women to let their babies suck on their breasts as healthy, on the other hand, we tell them that letting their children see a breast is shameful. This is how psychoses start......
The Democrats should open new hearings this weekend and subpeona Bolton, then impeach Trump again based on the testimony Bolton gives.
That's not a towel. That's an organic mouse trap with realistic motor sound and a convenient carrying handle. It also doubles as a self tracking solar collector, but there's some problems with transferring the heat gained to water.
Our efforts to "prevent" another attack, namely Afghanistan and Iraq invasions, will do nothing but increase the probability of more attacks. The only sane way out is to get ourselves off of oil and disengage from the middle east. Too many religious fanatics to rationally work with them.
I was thinking this morning that Bolton had screwed up. He needed to drop whatever he's going to drop more than a few days before the Senate votes on witnesses. Takes a day or two for the info to disseminate, and then a couple days for the polls to start reflecting the wishes of the electorate.
Did the grape start whining?
When's the baby due?
There's lots of different ways to look at the safety stats. For example, you could look at the percentage of trips that are completed safely. But the trips of different modes of transport have differing lengths. If you compare the crash rate of airline flights, that's fine, but remember lot of people tend to get killed in one crash. And airplanes tend to crash mostly during takeoff and landing, so a 200 mile flight is just about as likely to crash as a 2000 mile flight on a per trip basis, but the 2000 mile flight racks up a lot more passenger miles. Generally, fatalities per passenger-mile is considered the best statistic.
I remember my 9th grade biology teacher talking about how she had to lobotomize a turtle. She said it screamed. Maybe Moscow Mitch is being lobotomized.
They'll bring in the dogcatcher for East Turkey Trot, IA and ask "Do you have any direct knowledge of the president violating any law?"
And enough people in Utah think Trump is an ass. Romney is safe there.
Probably showing off cute girl.
Perfect for wearing to funerals.
Men With Brooms. Once each year at the beginning of curling season.
This might be the point that tips me in favor of Sanders over Warren. I once ran in the Democratic Primary for House, and it was a shitshow of candidates (7 initially, 5 on the ballot) Some sorting needed to be done, but none of the elected officials were willing to have a staffer go through and pick out candidates to support. The fact that he's supporting candidates against incumbents in this manner makes me feel good about Sanders.
It should also hold them liable for "computer glitches". Every election, the Republicans in Wisconsin send out absentee ballot applications to Democrats, but the address to send them in to turns out to be wrong, and they say "Whoops! Must of been a computer glitch!"
&gt;He's basically willing to use his position No, he just rented out his name like he does for his buildings.
I don't want a shitload of people indicted January 21st, 2021 - the optics would look bad. However, there are a few exceptions, and he is one of them. The Trump family is most of the rest.
&gt;There was already a measure introduced in Utah to create a means by which he can be recalled. Mormons have little love for Trump. Romney will be fine.
The whole business concept never made sense. Who builds phones and TVs in the US? Nobody. So where's the market for these screens? China. Sure, it's cheap to ship stuff to China these days, but glass is really subject to damage in transit. Glass would require lots of raw materials - silica sand and soda ash, that would be shipped in by rail. I deal with the railroads that serve the area, Canadian Pacific told me they gave Foxconn the price tag for laying a siding into the facility, and Foxconn said they didn't want it. I suspect it is mostly a real estate play, expect to see all that improved land on the market for much more than what Foxconn got it for, thanks to water and sewer and roads built onthe backs of the taxpayers. I doubt a screen will ever be made there.
He just wants to show off his dick substitute.
Hell, millionaires and billionaires are all looting from us. They may do it in more subtle ways, but they are looting from us.
That's Aye Aye Corinthians.
They also have a lot of permits available for OV/KP - I believe it's 60 per day, so it's darn near a guaranteed way to get a permit.
&gt; No one - after running the numbers - would ever want these types of jobs for the price we're paying. I'm impressed that Kenosha County took themselves out of the running before it was announced. They concluded it wasn't worth it - and it looks like they were right.
I like Sandra Day O'Connor's opinion in [Lynch Vs. Donnelly:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynch_v._Donnelly#cite_note-3) &gt;The Establishment Clause prohibits government from making adherence to a religion relevant in any way to a person's standing in the political community. Government can run afoul of that prohibition in two principal ways. One is excessive entanglement with religious institutions, which may interfere with the independence of the institutions, give the institutions access to government or governmental powers not fully shared by nonadherents of the religion, and foster the creation of political constituencies defined along religious lines. *E.g.,* [*Larkin v. Grendel's Den, Inc.*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grendel%27s_Den), 459 U. S. 116 (1982). The second and more direct infringement is government endorsement or disapproval of religion. Endorsement sends a message to nonadherents that they are outsiders, not full members of the political community, and an accompanying message to adherents that they are insiders, favored members of the political community. \[...\] The proper inquiry under [the purpose prong of *Lemon*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemon_v._Kurtzman#Lemon_test), I submit, is whether the government intends to convey a message of endorsement or disapproval of religion. Unfortunately, most judges can't see that things like hanging "In God We Trust" on schoolhouse walls is an endorsement of religion.
At the end, are those parents necking?
Looks like it's having trouble getting it's engine started.
We used to sell sheepskins at the farmer's market. A couple of times we were asked if the sheep were okay without their skin. Actually, they were in the freezer. We should have told them the sheep were cool going without the skin and wool.
The zoning and/or occupancy permit has to be correct for it. For example, here in Milwaukee, they allow guards or proprietors to have residences on industrial zoned property.
The street can be your official place of residence for voting. Homeless people can vote., they just register as living "in the vicinity of "Maple Street and 1st Ave" or something. So I presume a motel can be your residence.
Suppression starting early, I see.
Tell me about it. I own railcars, and I get property tax bills each year for the miles the railcars travel through various states. Including one Indian Reservation.
Start a You Tube channel and be an "influencer".
How tone deaf can Trump be?
I always cut the cheese.
And then the Massachusetts Bay Colony kicked out Roger Williams for spreading "new and dangerous ideas".
W is dyslexic, that's why he creates Bushisms.
Color hadn't been invented yet back then.
Please get the nomenclature right. The [Firefall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yosemite_Firefall) was a man-made event of pushing burning bark embers off of Glacier Point that was discontinued by the park service in 1968 because it wasn't a natural part of the park and every evening people would trample meadows to get the best viewing locations. I saw it as a kid, both from the Valley and from the push-off point. This is [Horsetail Falls](https://www.nps.gov/yose/planyourvisit/horsetailfall.htm), which during mid-February the sun's angle approaching sunset illuminates it in this way. The sun's angle is correct for it again in the fall, but there generally won't be any water in the waterfall at that time of the year due to California's dry summers. Although the phenomena wasn't really noticed until Galen Rowell photographed it in 1973, it has now reach the point that the Park Service severely restricts the crowds to avoid damaging the meadows.
How often have I heard conservatives complain about "judicial activists rewriting the laws"? Enough to know this hypocrisy when I see it.
My father programmed the Friden MDTS, the first computerized cash register. It had all of 2K memory, and he was kicking himself up until he died because he wasted 20 *bytes* in the instruction set that he could have used math subroutines for.
We count tails.
Republicans are so supportive of religious "liberty", but I'm sure this is a religion they are going to suppress.
Racing kitties!
Now they can arrest the protestors for failing to disperse!
Don't involve a lawyer. Use small claims court. It may take a while, but a lawyer is going to eat up all the money.
I was one of those who found out that I was still registered at my pre-divorce domicile, along with my current location I notified them to delete the pre-divorce one. So there is some deadwood to be cut out, but they need to do it in a manner that doesn't force people to re-register at the polls when they may not have the necessary documentation.
Cops: "Now we can charge them for failure to disperse!"
My best friend in high school married the daughter of a guy who worked with my dad 30 years prior on the other side of the US, and there was no reason to connect between the people involved.
Hey, tRump/Penis is the original dickbutt. Or buttdick, depending if you read it backwards or forwards.
What's the problem? The truth might come out?
VVR has a shuttle down to Fresno. You would be expending a lot of hours to position a car at VVR. If you're coming from Southern California, it might make sense to park in Fresno and ride YARTS to the Valley and YARTS to TM to start. Coming from Northern California, park in the Valley, take YARTS to TM to start, then the VVR shuttle to Fresno and YARTS back to your car. That way, only one car is needed.
Cheeto Muskrat Manospequenos
This is what you get when you have a union. Because the pay is good, the drivers stay on the job, and the driver knows the neighborhood. They still have to hustle, but the UPS guys provide vastly better service than Fed Ex. The stories I could tell of UPS vs. FedEx service.......
It's just a toy!
Why did I start thinking "Wouldn't it be fun to have access to a virus that isn't coronavirus?"
Nothing.
A smile is all the makeup you need.
And donate money to candidates who have a chance. Not your district or your state? Then adopt a candidate or two elsewhere and send them some money. Send a minimum of $25 at a time (due to the costs of processing donations).
I'm sure they are both deeply in love - with his alleged money.
Have fun and enjoy the ride.
The ELI5: As it cools and contracts, it naturally forms hexangonal columns because that is the shape that matches the properties of the basalt as it cools. They aren't perfect hexagons.
There won't be any lodging at Tuolumne Meadows this year. In the alternative, you could fly in to Reno, and take ESTA to Bishop, stay there or go out on the morning Bishop Creek Shuttle to one of the trails for day hiking and then back in the evening on the afternoon Bishop Creek Shuttle. When your start date arrives, you could take ESTA to Lone Pine or Independence and hire a shuttle from there to HM. Leaving from Yosemite Valley, the easiest Southwest airport to get to is Sacramento via YARTS to Merced, Amtrak to Sacramento, YOLObus to the airport.
I've always preferred hanging out with women, guys are such boors and bores.
The point is to vote to determine how those electoral college votes are voted. Effectively, Trump gamed the system, but if there's enough votes in the right places, we can remove him.
Bitch in high school math class. Make her squirm the whole hour.
Makes a lot of sense to go into business with people doing illegal shit.......let's see how that ends.
I heard him speak at his church in December 2015. He had been up all night before in Atlanta, his grandson Jeremy had fallen ill and died. He announced it to those gathered at the church, there was an audible gasp, and I'm sure everybody was thinking "Dude, you didn't have to do your talk today." But there he was.
But Harris has to ditch those false eyelashes. I just can't take her seriously with those on.
I just check "Other" and write in "Earthling". Nobody ever gave me crap about it.
If you hear some dull "thwack" sounds, it's the axe killer.
&gt;dont the two cities with the most restrictive gun laws have the most gun deaths Old data, [but no.](http://www.parentsagainstgunviolence.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Chicago-all-1024x621.jpg) Besides, those cities have the most restrictive gun laws, but the surrounding areas have had lax laws, it's pretty easy to get a gun in Indiana, for example.
No, just pointing out the hypocrisy of your saying you can protect yourself with a gun, the cops are worthless, but you need the cops.
With that smile, yes.
Okay, need to up your game. The skin has to be blindingly white, as though you just crawled out of a cave after six years of isolation. Yours has a little too much color.
Gotta get it when the kids are in high school so you can embarrass them better.
Years ago (early '70's?) there was a court decision in California that found that disparate funding was unconstitutional - but I'm not sure if it was unconstitutional under the state constitution or the federal constitution. Caused a serious problem for the relatively rich district I lived in, but poor areas got more money for schools.
Now if they could harness all the dairy poop for generating electricity, that would make a serious dent in methane emissions.
Of course, if this was in the US, they would make him leave in a wheelchair. This is much better.
Don't have a cow that fits into my car to use for a measurement device.
The YARTS buses will stop at the drop you at Sunrise TH. Talk to YARTS about it. It would be late afternoon/early evening from the valley, or late morning from TM. Send them an email to confirm that they can do that, but I was on it when they dropped a hiker that came up from the valley.
East Side runs a daily shuttle twice a day from OV to Independence. From Independence, ESTA will take you to Bishop, and then they will be running the Bishop Creek shuttle twice a day to South Lake. Contact East Side to get their times, and then check ESTA's website for their schedule. That should reduce the cost if you can make the scheduled times work.
We just need a law that says the president can be indicted.
&gt; irrigation is absolutely not rare. In Wisconsin, the only irrigation is in the Central Sands district, where they raise potatoes. Otherwise, we rely on rain. &gt;so they could use domestic soy beans They probably could, but don't. I think t's more a varietal issue &gt;how unethical it is to enslave an entire species Have you ever considered these animals would not exist if it wasn't for the dairy industry? That cows would never enjoy a day in the sunshine, their first little cow crushes, and the wind blowing through their tail unless we brought them into existence?
Really nice smile.
There is a notable lack of shuttle services on the west side of the Sierras.
&gt;It's such a poor calculation on their end. Have they done anything the smart way? Nope.
Did those whose fingers don't fit lack the nutrition of boogers and thus died out, removing their genes from the pool?
&gt;"This late Friday night dismissal reeks of potential corruption of the legal process," Hey Chuck, slow on the uptake, eh? Hasn't it been fucking obvious all along?
There's a reason why "Cardboard Box" has been [inducted into the Toy Hall of Fame.](https://www.toyhalloffame.org/toys/cardboard-box)
&gt;twitter.com/SDNYnews/status/1274466470970474498 How much you want to bet DoJ will still object to him testifying now because "he is an executive Dept employee"?
Asking personal questions is really irritating.
Or back in those days, there could have been fornication charges.
When they try to suck up all your time and money, and require strict adherence to certain standards, which if you don't meet you are considered "unworthy", it's a cult.
See [Clinton v. Jones](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_v._Jones)
My ex shortly after we were married wanted to make one of my favorite dishes, tunafish casserole. I bit into it, and it was kinda al dente. More than kinda. All the noodles on top were still rock hard. She hadn't cooked the noodles.
"Again! Again!"
Are the women venomous and/or murderous?
"We're so fuckin' progressive we tear down the statues of progressives!"
What a fucking waste of fuel and oxygen.
I was hit in a crosswalk. Police report, driver was cited and everything. My foot got run over - no broken bones, but I've had damage to the nerves. Tried treating it in less invasive ways, but 2 years later I gave up and had the nerves removed. Been almost six months since the surgery, still some effects. GEICO is starting to insinuate that the injuries weren't the result of the accident. Doctor has provided a letter saying the injuries are consistent with having a foot run over. The whole game is to make you pay the medical expenses until you run out of money, then you'll accept a smaller settlement just to get the bills paid.
What's the difference between CHAZ and CHOP?
Some of the most magical moments in my life have been when a woman starts unbuttoning her blouse to signal it's okay to start playing with them.
On top of a colony of fire ants, next to an angry swarm of bees, in a cactus garden with stinging nettles.
&gt;Fresh coat of paint don't fix a beat up truck. Nothing like a DuPont overhaul.......
Just before the Cloud's Rest junction, there's a little creek by the trail and a couple of rocks that sort of are a 'portal' on either side of the trail. If you go upslope, there is a flat area maybe 100' away, you can leave your packs there (take bear can out, leave pack unzipped) and do Cloud's Rest as a quickie hike from there.
&gt;They are not being inconsiderate to non-religious people. Several people on this thread have taken offense at including "In God We Trust" on the flag. I would take that as a sign they are being inconsiderate. &amp;#x200B; &gt;The slogan really doesn't affect you if you're not religious, It's like you didn't even read the Sandra Day O'Connor quote I provided...... &amp;#x200B; &gt;it's there because majority of people in mississippi are christian. And the majority are white, so shouldn't they be allowed to use the Confederate flag? So what if it's offensive to some people, right?
Not surprising, everybody thought Chesapeake was really pushing the limits lease price bids and leverage.
&gt;isn't used in an offensive manner It's use is offensive. &gt;but it's not ACTUALLY doing anything to be offensive. You could say the same about a Confederate flag "Hey, it's just sitting there, not doing anything to be offensive, it's just a symbol." &gt;There are bigger issues than this, Yes, there are. But if you're going to get rid of a symbol that is offensive to some people, why continue the problem with a symbol that is offensive to a roughly equal portion of the population? It's so easy to do it right now, it seems like they are going out of their way to poke a stick in the non-religious people's eye. Perhaps if this issue is raised now, then there will be some sensitivity developed for the bigger issues. If we let this simple fix slide away, then the bigger issues aren't going to get addressed because awareness wasn't raised. I can hear it now: "You didn't have a problem when we put 'In God We Trust' on the flag, so why are you complaining about compulsory prayer in schools?"
If you read my Sandra Day O'Connor quote above and understand it, you would understand why it is offensive.
I think something along the lines of "The office environment deteriorated and I don't see any changes forthcoming, so I decided it's best to just move along and find someplace else to work." Shows you recognize the value of a positive office environment, are realistic that changing that environment is difficult, and that you aren't making a whole lot of waves about it - ie, you aren't a HR nightmare waiting to happen.
I wouldn't mind being cute in your eyes, just don't tell me I'm cute.
&gt;Sure dude let’s imagine you have 5 home intruders who are armed, hell maybe they even have body armor. You can say this is unrealistic, No, no, no. The scenario is "Grandma alone in her house is home invaded by a gang of 30 guys intent on raping her, she needs full auto with 200 round drum."
Written? There's the problem......
From the decision: “If one party can make changes that it believes help its candidates, the other can restore the original rules or revise the new ones.” How is the other party going to get back in power when the first party limits who votes and gerrymanders the second party out of power?
