Agreed. Brees has always felt like a QB in a similar scheme and style as Rodgers. I have mad respect for Brees.
I'm not saying you have to love the game, but there is no logical way to be a fan of the uncharted franchise up to that point and think of U4 as a "turd".
I liked Uncharted 4's. They weren't too big and the level design always pulled you towards where you needed to go anyway. But I agree in the sense that I don't want a big world overall - I want a linear, thoroughly crafted experience. Which I expect will be the case.
The final tutorial for me came at 110hours into the game... literally in the final dungeon you still get a tutorial lol.
If you like it at 20hours, you're in for a GREAT time. It's the first 10-20hours of this game that usually have people feeling very uneasy about it.
Fucking savage. I mean, you're right... but damn.
Oh, if you got the plat then you must have. I meant to start act 3 after the false ending.
Absolutely. - Dragon Ball/Z/Super is really my big "go-to" anime that I actively keep up with. - Netflix's Castelvania was a fun (but brief) experience. - Death Note has a great story. - Seven Deadly Sins is OK if I have nothing better to watch - One Punch Man is a blast - Attack on Titan is creepy and fun. - Parasite kind of has that same creepy-fun vibe as Attack on Titan - Digimon I'll watch re-runs of any day. - Cowboy Bebop was a great show regardless of what style it was drawn in. Honestly if it's "mainstream" anime, it probably caught on for a reason.. it's probably a really great show in general. I can't stand watching all those little one-season trope-filled animes.
Bad Luck Brian: Face only a mother could love, has two dads.
Yup... and people claim Jordy lost a step after his ACL tear, but his numbers say otherwise. 2016 saw 19 20yrd+ completions, same amount as 2014 and even more TDs.
You are the reason Vikings fans post about Packer losses and the NFCN rivals collectively went in on "FTP". To get a rise outta people like you. It's a game, dude. And you don't burn the world down over 1 bad season.
Brew it yourself and drink it black. Then it's cheap and 0 calories. Edit: I'm legitimately curious about the downvotes. I don't care that I'm being downvoted if there's a reason for it, I just really want to know what that reason is?
Depends on what genre. Overall, **Breaking Bad** is probably king, but Stranger Things has the potential to catch it with another spectacular season. - Drama: See above - Comedy: Parks and Recreation - Anime: Dragon Ball Z - Cartoon: Futurama (with Rick and Morty knocking on that door)
Student Loans finally paid off!
Yes, his pink form is him in Trance, but even that didn't come out of nowhere.
&gt; weird angle, X-2 was a better game than FF8 X-2 would have been better without the 100% ending ever existing. A harsh realization the Tidus is GONE would have kept the integrity of the original.
I enjoy the taste of Black Coffee, and I enjoy the taste of plain carrots. Too much sweeteners really screw up a pallet.
I don't like this argument because it's a ridiculous technicality that I don't think should be considered. Anime is almost entirely a play on proportion sizes with crisp line-work, and that's it. If other parts of the world adopt the same style, it's STILL the same style "anime" not a different style just because it came from somewhere else.
This is absolutely within my top 3 as well. The whole trilogy is amazing. Even ME3, which people shit on because of a lack-luster ending, still has some of the BEST resolutions to side-stories to ever exist in a game.
I agree that Chrono Trigger is well paced and overall has a fun story... but I actually find the story of Chrono Cross FAR more compelling. It isn't told very well, and the game has other issues... but if you dig hard enough, I find the story told in Cross to be almost as good as the music.
Never played Infinite Warfare. I loved the Modern Warfare trilogy though. I thought those had some of the best story-telling in an FPS.
&gt;We deserve it Congratulations on being the problem.
**Mega Man X.** Perfect length for endless replays. Perfect difficulty. Perfect controls. Perfect sound track. Practically a flawless game. When it comes to something a bit "bigger" with a more complex scope... then my choice is probably **Final Fantasy 8**. I know the game is flawed, but I love every flaw it has (except maybe the orphanage scene).
doesn't matter had sex.
&gt; install or replace a light fixture. Yup. YouTube for a ceiling fan was got me started down this path, and now I'm fairly decent with electrical - though it's also one of those things where I will pay someone if I'm not absolutely confident in my own skills/what I'm learning online. Not worth risking burning the house down over.
You're not wrong - but I have a feeling if you're on Reddit you already know this.
&gt;how do feel about Disney's coming streaming service I feel like they better bring back Daredevil so that I can torrent it.
I agree. I love Final Fantasy VIII. Graphically it was very impressive and for the most part (aside from character models) it still looks good today. It's sound track is top tier and engaging. Balamb Garden feels like an actual home, and I find myself feeling homesick after the whole ordeal from Timber to Galbadia to the Prison arc. I also very much enjoyed the romance plot and watching Squall and Rinoa develop - though I will admit most of the other characters could use a little more fleshing out (they did a good job with Zell though). VIII, in my opinion is the best PS1 FF game, and VII is probably actually the worst. Having that been said, being the "worst" PS1 final fantasy isn't really an issue in my book, because all of those games are among the best in gaming history.
"We have a T-rex!" -John Hammond
The demographic for reddit is FAR more tech-friendly than say Facebook for example. Odds are you found reddit because you were using a web browser to research something you are interested in. People who are comfortable enough with the web to A) know how to find credible or relevant information, B) understand how to navigate a relatively complex website, and C) read/contribute to the conversation on said website, probably know the basics of using a computer.
Secret of Mana
I've played it twice on Ps4 already and I'd STILL love it for Switch.
&gt;you just can’t argue against my genuine criticisms because they’re the harsh truth. You use ad hominen to bash me because you can’t stand the fact that I’m right. In fact, every single time I engage with this fanbase it’s either they resort to bashing on Chrono Trigger because of their own laughable insecurities and pretending Chrono Trigger’s fame is somehow to blame for the legitimate hatred of Chrono Cross or the fanbase quite blatantly doesn’t even address the criticisms and claims I’m somehow a “troll” or being rude for taking the time and effort to post 10 to 20 minute videos to highlight my legitimate criticisms. Chrono Cross fans just can’t stand the fact that I’m right about the Worst Game Ever, Chrono Cross! ..... I almost feel embarrassed by this. Even if I hated Chrono Cross, I couldn't stand behind this. "I have valid criticisms! I'm right! you CAN'T argue them." is what you're shouting at the top of your lungs, which does NOT inspire healthy discussion or debate. No one is going to take someone seriously who spends so much time asserting themselves as an absolute. I AM interested in your re-visitation of the theory - but I strongly advise you to take a harsh look at how you are presenting your case and how you alienate yourself from any potential audience.
&gt; Perhaps try criticizing my argument... Ok to be fair... &gt; you just can’t argue against my genuine criticisms because they’re the harsh truth &gt;You use ad hominen to bash me because you can’t stand the fact that I’m right &gt;... their own laughable insecurities &gt;Chrono Cross fans just can’t stand the fact that I’m right &gt;...confidence that Chrono Cross fans simply defend the indefensible and they know it &gt;... because I am right ^ that's how you respond when people DO criticize you.
To be fair, genres rarely exist in games anymore. Is Destiny an FPS? yes. Does that disqualify it from being an RPG? I mean it has more RPG elements than Monster Hunter. It's like the old debate of what constitutes a WRPG vs JRPG, where ARPG falls into place, etc... Games are more complex than they used to be and their goals are far more subjective than "Get to the end of world 8-3" following the same pattern of events at progressively more difficult intervals. The Game Awards really just want to do the same thing every other form of media wants to do - make money. I wouldn't call it propaganda, but I would agree that they have a very unclear criteria.
"Impression that I get" (Never had to knock on wood) -Mighty Mighty Bosstones
My parents were pretty great, so I'm actually following their lead in a lot of ways. However, I'm home more for my boys, especially on weekends, whereas my dad worked 70 hour weeks my whole childhood. I also have a decent amount of money already saved up for their future education due to advice my dad gave me.
Just finished DQ11, have Detroit: Becoming Human sitting unopened, need to play KH2.8 before KH comes out, want to replay Resonance of Fate, haven't had a chance to make it very far in Yakuza 0, and NOW Vesperia... first world problems, I tell ya.
And to be clear, 2100 would hypothetically see TWENTY percent of the green house gas present in the great dying, 2300 would put it at 35% So hypothetically, if we do nothing for 300 years, we could be at 1/3rd the critical extension of the Great Dying. Don't get me wrong, I recognize the concern, I recognize the NEED for change, but people blindly spout this doom and gloom as if we won't develop technologies within the next 3 HUNDRED years.
I never used to be able to. I'd toss and turn in bed, sometimes for hours to no avail. I later read somewhere that using your bedroom primarily for sleep can be a huge factor to help with this. So, when I moved into my house, I made sure to NOT have a TV in my bedroom. I am in my bedroom for literally minutes a day (not including sleep), all I do is get dressed and make the bed, then I don't enter my bedroom again until I have the intent to sleep (or if I need a change of clothes, of course). I have slept SO much better now.
&gt; Even transgenders themselves agree it's an illness called "gender dysphoria" transgenders RARELY agree it's a mental illness.
They didn't have a poop knife.
Not poems necessarily, since I don't know many of them. But applying this to any form of written word, I'd say probably existentialism.
I absolutely agree. I think that if transgendered people recognized it as an illness they may seek a different form of help instead of joining the embracement.
"I be going to the store all the time" is the same as "I am at the store all the time." If someone asked "where is Jared?" And the response is "he be chillin with Dan." It means Jared IS with Dan. Not "I'm not sure, but he is often with Dan." I can tell you took one of these classes and never heard the phrases in practical use.
We nurture a lot of PEOPLE will illnesses. But I don't know that we empower the illness itself quite like this in any other case?
"I be on the block" = "I am on the block" The words "on the regular" are what makes it read as "normally" or "regularly" or habitually, or whatever. "I be outside" You said it yourself here, he IS on the block. replace "be" with "am" or "is" in every sentence and it either fixes the statement to fit standard english or it's still a little broken but the message becomes clear. You're right, I'm not black. But I've been around crowds that speak like this for several years of my life. I spent a lot of time in Milwaukee. It's not a complicated form of speak to understand. Edit: "you be trippin"
Then don't play him. Today was embarrassing for him.
Not sure why you're being downvoted (unless it was a different Jones?). Our lineman came to Rodgers defense after a cheap shot hit him on the shoulders (looked like head in real-time) during a slide, so 40 fucking Falcons swarmed him and backed him off, and here comes Jones fucking jumping into the pile on him and then immediately throwing a punch. Dude should have been ejected.
You're drunk.
r/Iamverysmart Maybe everything you commented is true, but you should know that spouting random (and potentially made-up) accomplishments online will get you 0 credibility, especially when those accomplishments have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I don't have one... I am completely and entirely split down the middle on this subject. I do think that, in general, sex ed and access to birth control could resolve the issue 99% of the time before the topic of abortion even needs to arise, and that's where the focus should be.
Don't worry - that's a very small 4 year period called highschool. After that, GPA is pointless again.
My son is 4 and he has started playing Megaman X (can beat the intro stage) and Dragon Quest XI (knows most important spells based on what letters the spells start with). Picked him up Spyro for christmas, excited to play that with him!
The ending for me was a bit of an "oh, that's pretty fucking cool" Moment, but certainly didn't have a huge impact on my overall impression or enjoyment of the game.
I'm not even sure I'd call HZD a twist. A reveal, yes, but not really a twist. Which almost made it that much BETTER. The whole game you're thinking "there is no way they can make a story that makes this all feel believable" and then they did.
Secret of Mana. My 4 year old loves it. The menus are a little complicated for him, but he loves exploring/battling.
This is true, but "alpha" to gamers means something totally different than "alpha" to game DEVS. For example, HALO was an RTS in it's alpha.
Didn't they cancel PSX?
Until their magical revivals in DDD, org 13 characters will killed off no problem through CoM and KH2.
This... and not even like paranoid-life-changing-clean... just some basic common sense level shit of not leaving food out everywhere for long periods of time and using a vacuum a few times a week.
I think his comment is more about how it's an annoyance that you can be in the middle of something and just kinda be forced to stop because they need a break. I do ultimate Frisbee weekly with a big group of people and for a while a chunk of those people were, ironically, smokers. They'd randomly take timeouts after a score for like 10 minutes.
Congratulations on making 0 sense.
"the rich" aren't one uniform system of beliefs. There are rich republicans, democrats, independents, atheists, believers of just about every faith, black, white, orange, etc... Hating someone JUST because they have money is just ~~jealousy~~ Envy
Even if it wasn't acceptable at the time... people grow up and change. I used to say TONS of stupid shit when I was younger, and I bet you in 20 years I'll look back on today and think "man I used to say stupid shit then too."
&gt;Dude you play ultimate frisbee. You're the douche "You play something that I don't like, so you're a douche" &gt;Your idiotic because you couldn't figure out what my first comment means I clearly did... I literally stated exactly what you meant and confirmed in your first sentence. That thought process, by the way, makes 0 sense - so my post was still absolutely valid. &gt;you're a grown man that thinks there could ever be anything "ultimate" about Frisbee Are you offended by the name of a sport? that's fucking hilarious. &gt;and complains when some of the guys stop playing for 5 minutes and think that means everyone has to stop what they're doing and wait for the smokers. Yeah... exactly. If you're gonna come play, don't make everyone wait on you for your awful habit.
You are correct. I will admit, I'm a 30 year old man who has used the words interchangeably pretty much my whole life and just bothered to look up the difference right now because of you. TIL.
My 4 year old has been playing and thoroughly enjoying Dragon Quest XI, MegaMan X, and Secret of Mana. Bought him Spyro for christmas.
Avocado and Pomegranate.
I don't think it started out poorly though. It was pretty decent right off the bat, it just got better and better for quite a while.
I agree. Breaking Bad did JUST enough in the first episode for me to go "okay, let's give this a chance to flesh out a bit" but it was FAR from having me hooked. Sons of Anarchy is another that gave me this vibe.
I watched 5 and a half seasons of that show and I still don't know if I even like it. Some of the characters are somewhat interesting, but they all also pretty much suck and the entirety of the show moves at a snails pace 90% of the time. Yet I keep coming back.
Chili and mustard. Never had them together until I was watching some show on foodnetwork where they went to a place famous for chili-dogs and they put mustard right ontop of the chili. It's delicious.
Sounds like a movie-goers standard choice to me.
&gt; “can stop bad things but doesn’t want to” But if you believe in a Christian God, he DOES stop literally all bad things. It just happens IF you have faith and in the next life.
The combat feels similar in a lot of ways to KH2. The tone and story however is of course vastly different.
Socialism isn't. However every "leftist" argument gets improperly named a "socialist" idea because it's a scary word that the right uses as propaganda.
You're right. But occasionally it's a happy mistake :)
&gt; such as allowing anyone to use any bathroom they wish Then what's the point of having labeled restrooms at all? Should men and woman who identify with the gender listed on their birth certificate be asked to remove the privacy of gender-specific restrooms from their lives? Among other issues, are you okay with an 11 year old girl walking into a restroom where a grown man is in process of using a urinal?
&gt; I am ok with that. It's just the human body, it's not going to scar her What about incredibly hormonal teenagers? You don't think that will be a distraction at minimum? What about pedophiles, especially considering we line a world where people have a camera on them at all times? what about girls wanting a private place to "powder up" where they aren't being bombarded by guys trying to pick them up at the club/bar. Speaking of clubs an bars, what happens when you let incredibly intoxicated people of opposite genders into a room where they are revealing themselves?
Let's not be completely obtuse here. I never said send a girl to the boys bathroom. I said that if someone who identifies in conflict with their existing genitalia, they should find a more private restroom. This is actually the SAFEST scenario for them since they could be bullied, assaulted, or ridiculed regardless of which restroom they use.
And freedom. Sure, there is virtually no narrative in the 2nd half of the game, but you can explore to heart's content and discover several palaces in various orders.
But it IS absolutely beautiful and has an OST that's even better than Trigger's
&gt; fuck ton of rich and successful people were B or even C students To be fair, that's still passing (and Bs are passing pretty damn well). So not really comparable to being a failure.
Is it wrong for a blonde to not want to date blondes? No.
&gt; In a technical sense, you could define that type of behavior as transphobic No you can't. In a technical sense, for an act to be considered transphobic there has to be a sense of superiority. General attractiveness on a personal level has nothing to do with superiority. &gt;Someone who accepts trans people as they are, believes they deserve protections from bigots and the same rights as other citizens, but also is still somewhat uncomfortable with them. It has nothing to do with being uncomfortable with them, it has to do with sexual preference. I don't hate men, nor am I sexist, just because I'm not gay or bi.
Take this comparison: Is it sexist for a man to not be willing to date another man? No, of course not.
You're missing the point entirely. Let me put it like this... am I sexist because I, a straight Male, won't date a man?
Made an edit to my previous post, but you ninja commented so fast!
I suggest you enjoy the fact that you are raising responsible little people and realize a LOT of kids aren't doing as well.
If they can do it, encourage them! Just don't be that parent that tells at them when they bring home a B.
Serious question... at this point: why? It won't be the most powerful console on the market in 2 years, and Xbox has a very small library of decent exclusives.
Fun time. Very cinematic with a great setting and decent characters. Honestly, the game got a lot more backlash than it deserved... yes it was short, and yes the gameplay is far from perfect, but it isn't the first game ever to release at $60 and be short. Overall it's quite the fun experience.
The learning curve hits you FAST and hard. However, if you can beat the first two bosses, you can beat the game. Just be prepared to spend 5 hours in the first level of the game learning and adapting.
Going to college can be GREAT financial advice. It just depends on which college and for what degree.
Same here! my best time is just under 2 minutes now. I'm no Speed-Solver, but it's a great party trick!
Megaman X. Perfect level design, great bosses, birthed the characters of X and Zero - both of whom I love, addicting and fast-paced gameplay, and the perfect soundtrack to go with it. Only takes about an hour to beat, so if I wanna blitz the whole thing, or just a few levels for the fun of it, both are valid options every time I boot it up.
Listen, I actually think GoW is a LITTLE over-rated, but I've never seen an article just blow off it's success as if it were nothing. This article totally lost me when it stated that Detroit was a dud and that Spider Man, SOTC, and GoW are all "samey".
Yeah it went gold a couple weeks ago so this was probably of the first wave of distribution.
Fired? He stole goods and sold them illegally. He goin' to jail.
Is this comment from the year 2000?
Also, he STOLE copies of the game from his place of employment (distribution center). He's going to jail.
Imagine being this dumb.
Agreed. Geronimo has a skillset like (a not yet in his prime) Jordy Nelson, where he stretches the field. Not having Jordy this season was rough enough, but then losing the guy who brought a similar developing threat really crippled the playbook.
People forget that AFTER his injury he had one of the best seasons of his career and that during the start of 2017 he was on pace for likely just under 1000 yards and 15 TDs. He'd have much better stats than Graham this year.
Rout B of automata is similar but also has several new moments compared to rout A. Rout C is 100% new story content.
Is Kingdom Hearts an RPG by that metric?
- Monster Hunter World if the idea of a lot grind is your cup-o'-tea. - Dragon Quest XI if you want an old school JRPG (IMO it's just as good as P5 for different reasons). - Dragons Dogma Dark Arisen remastered if you want an open world RPG with an amazing combat system. (It is high fantasy, but the combat gives it an entirely unique flavor) - Until Dawn, totally surpassed my expectations. It's like an old school horror movie with story telling and gameplay similar to Detroit. - Kingdom Hearts the Story So Far, to prep for KH3 next month. - Dying Light, open world survival Zombie game that is incredibly fun to play with a friend. - Hollow Knight for IMO the best Metroidvania of the past decade
Yup. I hate to spoil the surprise for you, but it sounds like you needed to know in order to even try it out. When I first started route C I was like "Holy shit, I'm playing Nier Automata 2 right now"
Just my overall thoughts on your comment vs my experience with the game. Not arguing you, I've heard several other's who share your opinion, just sharing my own... &gt; The plot was full of plot holes I honestly do not recall any... especially not anything major enough to warrant a complaint. &gt; and just all around stupid I actually thought they took a completely ridiculous concept and made it feel somehow believable. So I strong disagree with that statement. &gt; MC failed to generate any kind of emotional connection. Even when her father figure died, she seemed standoffish She was an outcast her entire life and raised in the shadow of a religion she didn't believe, of course she was standoffish. I thought she did fine with handling [his] death and even references him several times throughout the game. You can even visit his grave and she'll speak to him. &gt;All the NPCs are boring and forgettable Agree with you absolutely on this point. &gt;Most of Platinum quests just require you to go somewhere and pick up a item You're not wrong, but it's just collectables hidden throughout the world which most games have. I don't judge a game on the merit of what it takes to platinum it, if I did I'd have a gripe with a lot of my favorite games. &gt;No free will climbing though I don't believe it needed it. The climbing that was necessary was handled similar to how Uncharted handles climbing, and where climbing wasn't necessary the world formed paths to get you where you needed to go. Not every game needs to be BOTW. &gt;Dinos were cool until you killed them all. Then it became a boring chore of game. There was a strong veriety of enemies considering how detailed and different they were from each other, and the game did a great job of slowly introducing bigger and more intimidating challenges. The DLC also upped the difficulty and kept it fresh. The combat was incredibly satisfying for me personally. &gt;Game is pretty. Agreed.
Since you like Souls I need to echo everyone else and state Bloodborne and also God of War. Since you like Final Fantasy, check out Dragon Quest XI. Other great JRPGs to consider are Nier Automata, Persona 5, and Final Fantasy XV (XV has it's fair share of flaws but it's still a great experience over all). Since you liked Skyrim, grab The Witcher 3. One of the best games of this generation thus far. Since you liked Resident Evil, check out Dying Light. It's more 'fun' and less dramatic than a standard RE title, but it's the best openworld Zombie game on the market by a long shot and you can get it for dirt cheap now. I also highly recommend Horizon Zero Dawn, just as a personal preference.
It is hard, but that's because the learning curve is essentially peaking the moment you start the game. If you can beat the first 2 bosses, you can beat the game. It's also a TON of fun and I loved it even though I was certain I was gonna hate it.
&gt;Finally Square delivers a high quality game Dragon Quest XI though.
If the worlds are more fleshed out, I'm okay with their being fewer. Also, I'd expect that there will be more Disney worlds (not relevant to the story) added in time with DLC. I mean, KH has to be the easiest game ever to seamlessly blend DLC into.
I think most would agree that there isn't a single moment in time where we look back on and say "Yup, that was the moment." It's been a plethora of things, and ultimately what it comes down to at it's purest form is INCOME. The ability to support a family and own a home on a single income is lost today. I'm not talking about some fast-food gig, but if you're doing trade-work, or if you are programming, making business decisions, process designing, engineering, nursing, teaching, etc... those things we call a CAREER, not just a JOB, then yeah... you SHOULD be able to call yourself middle-class pretty easily. However in today's world you could have one of these career paths and never earn enough to buy a home.
The Packers are eliminated from the playoffs for the 2nd year in a row, your team just clinched the division, AND this is a post about your team successfully sacking Rodgers, and STILL you complain "ThE PaCKerS HolD AlL ThE tImE!!" Come on man. I'll own these downvotes with pride. I stand by my statement. There is currently no reason to bitch about the Packers, ESPECIALLY for the Bears, yet here we are.
I've never had more respect for a player who's sole purpose is to END my QB.
To piggyback on this... the OP was EIGHT when it happened. 8 year olds have imaginations that can be so intense that they think it's real. My 4 year old is CONVINCED there is a Minion (you know, those annoying little thing from Despicable Me) that lives in our house. He's "seen" him on the couch and in his room several times. No little dude, you've just got an awesome imagination that you're learning to control.
Your mom has good taste. FFVIII fo' lyfe.
Play Final Mix and get to battle all the Org XIII members! many of them "feel" like that sephiroth fight on steroids.
There is no need to ever draw (outside of obtaining a GF) in FFVIII. It's more like a "tedious but easy" option for people who don't understand the refinement system.
You can get better magic MUCH quicker and easier using item-refinement abilities and Card-Mod. For example, if you draw Siren from the Elnoyle boss at the end of the SeeD examine, you can have her learn Life-Magic-Refine. Walk to the store at Balamb, buy 10 tents, refine into 100 curagas and junction to HP for over 3000 health before leaving for Timber and it only takes 15 minutes. Similarly, you can get Diablos from the lamp (immediately) and have him learn time-magic-refine and while you do that have Quetzacotl learn Card/Card-mod. Then go win the Quistis card from the Trepe fan in the cafeteria and refine it into 180 Triples. Throw that on your strength and Squall is literally strong enough for the first 3 disks of the game with a combined total of 1 hour of prep. Don't waste time Drawing.
&gt; Back and forth conversational dialogue which goes on too long, or has too many relevant details to explain things the people in the story wouldn't need to have explained (exposition). This so much. When people tell stories that actually happened they RARELY quote word-for-word what the other person said and the back and forth is even less-likely. Especially when the back and forth just doesn't sound like how people communicate in the real world. For example... - Real story format , so I told her I got the dress at Abby's and she was pissed. - Bull shit format Me: "I got the dress at abby's." Her: "Are you kidding me?" Me: "No, why would I even joke about that?" Her: "Arrrg. I'm so pissed off right now." Me: "Ummm okay."
I pretty much agree. There is a lot to like in Octopath, but there is A LOT of poor decisions, especially in the story-department, that made it hard to enjoy as a whole. When it comes down to it, Dragon Quest XI, Persona 5, and Xenoblade Chronicles 2 all scratched the charming JRPG itch much better for me than Octopath, even though I love the 16-bit era and miss it's graphics.
Digimon Story Cyberslueth. VERY similar to Persona but without the time management and of course replace Personas with Digimon.
Say you want to experience the vanilla release of a new game so you can discuss plot elements etc, with the hype train, but you are less enthusiastic about DLC. - Buy game new for $60 - sell when completed for $30 - net is now -$30 - wait 2 years and buy complete edition for $30 - net is now -$60 and you own the game AND all of it's DLC and you didn't have to miss the hype train and avoid spoilers for the base for the past 2 years. I don't do this - but I can sure see why others might. It's not nearly as "stupid" as others in this thread are making it out to be.
Honestly, all PS1 FF titles were great! The only opinion I will challenge is when someone claims any one of them is anything less than great.
Meat-Dress, my dude.
I'll chime in just for fun... 8, 10, 9, 6=7, 4, 5 6 and 7 are so close in quality to me that their positions will swap based on my mood each day.
Trailers are marketing material that usually contain very minimal spoilers and those spoilers are just a tease of the grand scheme. That's a big difference then literally watching the whole thing play out. If you don't know the difference between marketing and full blown spoilers I don't know how to explain it to you.
Sanctuary is the song you're thinking of. I LOVE sanctuary. ... honestly it would be absolutely amazing to hear both those songs in this game at some point.
&gt; and the remake was impressively terrible I didn't think so. It got a lot of flak for it's low-budget art style, but that actually grew on me as I played it. Most of the OST wasn't as good as the original, but a few songs were excellent, and the option to switch to the original was there at all times. What I really appreciated was the conversations added at the inns. Added a LOT of much needed character depth that the original version didn't have.
ehhhhhhhhhhhheehhhehhhhhh
I'm saying the art style isn't actually bad (low budget, yes - but still has some charm that grows on you) and the OST provides the player with OPTIONS which should never be viewed as a negative - and yes, has some great dialogue skits.
Basically the only reason I played Grand Theft Auto 3 was to have giant shoot-outs with police and the military while constantly inputting cheats for health/ammo. Usually few innocent civilians had to be taken out just to get the whole thing started.
- Chrono Cross - Nier/Nier Automata - Final Fantasy X - Final Fantasy VIII - Kingdom Hearts (Persona 3, FFIX, FFXIII, and Secret of Mana all come VERY close to sneaking into this list)
It is so good. The entire game is one of my absolute favorites, and "The Extreme" is my favorite final boss theme.
My 4.5 year old LOVES Dragon Quest XI, he just needs help navigating menus and knowing where to go. A 7 year old shouldn't have those issues and will likely enjoy the grand adventure!
*blows up your home planet*
I have a feeling that Aaron is being set up to take on a bigger role. He's a great character who's been a part of several major arcs now, I'm all for him filling the leader gap.
I love both of these games... pretty equally actually. Having that been said, either of them at the 20hour mark are like C- games at best. Thankfully they both only get better and better as they go on and both end MUCH better than they began.
While totally optional, I want to give a shout out to FFVIII and how it handled adoption. Zell giving mama Dincht a big ol' hug after learning the truth is great.
Oh for fuck sake this doom-and-gloom rhetoric is almost as harmful as the fucking environmental issues themselves.
While HZD probably belongs in the action adventure genre (like Zelda) it does have some light RPG elements like skill trees, choices, weapon mods, etc... That's more than I can say about Detroit.
I agree with your overall post, but I'd like to point out that the stats in Dragon Dogma are absolutely visible and often considered when renting pawns.
- The Mass Effect Trilogy - Witcher 3 - The Last of Us - Horizon Zero Dawn - Nier Automata There are a billion other great ones as we are smack dab in the middle of the golden age of gaming, but those were all seriously special to me.
Horizon Zeron Dawn and Witcher 3. For more niche titles, Bloodborne and Nier Automata.
Most game design is done in an agile working methodology. Mo-Cap could be still be wrapping up just a few months before release. It's like they do all the mo-cap at once and then move on to importing it all into the engine and then applying to the models etc... it's scene by scene.
Joel has already done the saving arc in the original TLOU, so I'm more open to Ellie having her own story told here, where Joel may take a backseat, yet still important, role. I also wouldn't mind seeing Joel simply follow her into battle.
ITT: people who know nothing about game design (or any software design, really) claiming they know how far along the development is based on "only" being in the mo-cap stage.
Better than what? The english is GREAT
Understandable, but calling these english VO's "cringey" is ridiculous.
Friends probably has way more views...
He's definitely heard the ridiculous "BaD tEaMaTe" comments and he used this game and this presser to acknowledge them indirectly. Well done.
Just finished 3D the other day myself... not gonna lie, I expected to like it more than I did. Though the last gauntlet of bosses were pretty enjoyable.
A mod that hasn't joined the "EVERYTHING IS OFFENDING ME" movement. Well done! You have my respect.
I really liked how Dragon Quest XI handled it's opening. It spoiled a few scenes that would come throughout the game, but it tricked you into thinking it spoiled more than it did. It feels like it spoils some major boss fights and even the last location of the game, but that's all just act 1.
It was a joke implying that his ex was an emotionless husk. That is all. It literally could have been said about ANY photo of a smiling person. Not creepy in any way.
Including this one.
Cuck. It's just a stupid word that gets thrown around incorrectly more often than not and has worked it's way into politics because the POTUS watched too much porn and let his fantasies slip into his 'work'. It's the evolution of someone calling someone else (usually a man) a "beta". Usually people who use those words as attacks are quite literally too stupid to argue with, so you're left with no choice to either move on, or get dragged down to their level where they beat you with experience.
That sounds right... Midwest here. My neighbor is a highschool music teach and makes a bit over 50k (I think she started around 45k a few years ago).
&gt; Japanese people can't just balance games to be honest. Well that's a bold statement. Some of the most balanced games I've played are from Japanese devs. or are you specifically talking about between difficulty settings?
spoil please.
I feel like this movie took the world by storm and then disappeared into thin air a year later. I never see or read or hear any discussion about this film.
Nier. First of all, it is a twisted and wonderful story with some of the best characters and unique plot that I've ever experienced. Many people are probably MORE aware of it now that it's sequel, Nier: Automata has been well received. However the Nier timeline is HUGE and has much media sprinkled before, after, and in between these games. Novels , short stories, and play writes actually take the lore much further, even though the games do a decent job of at least making you aware of some of these events. Did I mention the entire franchise is a sequel to a hidden and borderline "joke" ending of the original Drakengard game?
You'll probably get downvoted because we live in the age of people being constantly offended. But that was fuckin' funny! Edit: my first reddit silver! But seriously people, it was clearly a joke. Edit 2: called it. Edit 3: people really don't remember what a joke is unless "/s" is added... that's kind of sad.
Seems to be clearly just a quip to me. I mean, I agree there is no way of knowing for certain, but I feel like if it was meant to be taken seriously it would have had more substance to it and not just sound like a punchline.
Yup, tells the story of how A2 knows Anemone (along with plenty of other stuff).
Oooh maybe you're right... I might be confusing that with how the dragon's particles led to the discovery of magic? I always get confused by that because the particles give you the option for a pact to become legion or die, and legion seems to be led by caim.
&gt; Basically the humans were going extinct because of aliens Humans were on the verge of extinction long before the aliens showed up.
I actually love the combat in 15, but I hate the "balance". Since you can do 40 attacks per second, they had to make any enemy worth it's salt a giant HP sponge. Then, since they (for whatever fucking reason) didn't put a cool-down on item usage made potions basically phoenix downs, they had to make enemy that's supposed to be "challenging" able to 1 or 2 shot you. The combat could have been great if they limited items/your over all ability to spam heals and balanced enemies accordingly.
You're expected to live to work. Not work to live.
JoB sEcUritY
You can eat raw egg just fine. Salmonella is rare, and even where it's present it is on the OUTSIDE of the eggshell, so if you're that worried about it, just wash your egg prior to cracking it.
I wouldn't say she awakened my sexuality, but I definitely had the hots for Sarah Michelle Gellar.
Days Gone There is some gameplay footage of a guy tied up in the middle of the road by some bandits or whatever you want to call them, and it's an open-world zombie horror game coming out next year.
Here's some games I think you should check out and WHY. - Dragon Quest XI. You said you like fairly easy-ish RPGs, well let's start my list with one. It's also a great game altogether with vibrant colors, old school combat, a beautiful and perfectly-sized world, and an overall pretty good story. Be aware though, it starts off slowly and it's LONG (80-120 hours). - Dragons Dogma: Dark Arisen Another easy-ish RPG, but this is an action RPG. Stylistically, it has a lot in common with the Souls games, and since you mentioned you loved bloodborne, I'm thinking it's safe to assume you would consider and action RPG. Dragons Dogma, in my opinion, has one of the best combat systems in the history of gaming. Be aware, the game itself isn't exactly what I'd call "pretty" and it's story is almost non existent until the last act. - Horizon Zero Dawn. This game became one of my absolute favorites. It visually stunning, has a beautiful soundtrack, tells a very interesting and engaging story (starts a little slow though) and is just fresh in every way. The Bow combat in HZD feels a lot like the bow combat in the Tomb Raider games you mentioned you like, but there is a lot more depth to the rest of the weapons. It's also an "easy-ish" RPG, though it does have some pretty intense difficulty options if you decide you want more of a challenge. I HIGHLY recommend you check out a few videos and decide this one for yourself. - The Last of Us: Remastered It's rare to find someone who likes Uncharted and doesn't equally love TLOU. Unless the violence and heart-break you'll experience is going to deter you away, it's a must-play. Visually it's still great today, and the story/characters are among the best in all of gaming. I'd also like to point out that even though I didn't love GOW as much as many here did, it's really nothing at all like Witcher 3. It's a much more linear adventure with a hub to traverse not unlike Tomb Raider. The combat of GOW is absolutely excellent.
**If you want a RECENT JRPG to jump in and try**, I think there is no better recommendation than Dragon Quest 11. Don't let the title scare you off, all Dragon Quests games are their own contained stories and you don't need to experience any of the previous to enjoy each new one. The reason it's my recommendation for you is because it feels and plays like a JRPG from 30 years ago, except smoother, faster, and prettier. It has 0 intimidating mechanics to learn, it's very straight forward and will set the tone for what JRPGs are all about. It's greatest weakness is that it has a pretty slow start and a below average soundtrack. Visually it's excellent. It's story is pretty solid, and the clichés probably won't feel very cliché to you as you haven't played other JRPGs to recognize the patterns. It's fun, balanced, and beautiful. **IF you're willing to play a JRPG from a while ago...** Pick up Final Fantasy X HD. FFX, in my opinion, is the perfect starter game for all JRPG players. It teaches you the mechanics very well, and kind of has a "classic" list of spells and elements that it will teach you to use very well that most other JRPGs have their own rendition of. It's story is among the best of the genre as is it's soundtrack. Overall, it's simply a masterpiece of a game, and since the main character is out of his element throughout the game and needs to be coached by his teammates, you will probably form a strong bond with the whole scenario. Games like Persona 5 and Nier are absolutely EXCELLENT and I'd never deter anyone from playing them. However, they are much more complex and niche than the above 2 games I recommended, which are - appropriately enough - games in the 2 franchises that really birthed JRPGs as a genre.
FFX is really a fantastic recommendation.
Oh boy, here we go again... I don't think JRPG and ARPG are mutually exclusive. Most people would agree that the "Tales of" franchise, along with Star Ocean, and Kingdom Hearts are absolutely JRPGs. If those are JRPGs than I see no reason to think Nier is not one as well. The "J" in JRPG is really more about an aesthetic than anything else these days, since virtually every game has RPG elements now.
The 2nd one has a SLIGHTLY weaker cast of characters and WAYYY better gameplay. Equally fucked up story (in a good way, of course).
That's not hypocrisy, it's a change in times. We didn't think about them because we constantly controlled our own fate and were seldom threatened. Same reason we STILL don't think about the Lions. Now that we are in a state of actively cheering against them, of course we're thinking about them. Having that all been said, this map is wrong. I grew up in GB and went to school in Minneapolis during Favre's stint as a viking. I have a deep seated hatred for those purple bastards that runs deep enough and cold enough that the rest of the state cannot possible overwhelm my hatred and shift our label to Bear haters.
Because memes are funny and not ment to be analyzed.
I will buy a piece of bears merch and wear it proudly for one day if it means they kick the Vikings out of the playoffs.
TIL most of r/nfl lives in Minneapolis.
We didn't unionize a "fuck the vikings" statement with the rest of the NFCN. I think we're allowed to have some fun at their expense until they are eliminated from the playoffs, bud.
The majority of Tales of games really suffer from a lack of creative world and dungeon design for me. Some are much better than others, but the amount of times I've run through "generic oversized palace where each room is an empty square" in tales games over the years is an absolute killer. I still love Vesperia though.
That has nothing to do with a Level Designer's role.
Yes, they are.
Welcome to every artificial bullshit stat made up to make Rodgers look like he isn't clutch.
Sure, when you define winning record is "at the time" records (so the bears win the first game of the season doesn't count), being down by MORE than 1 (for whatever reason) and no playoff games... yup... real meaningful stat.
More like "try hard enough and you can paint a false picture with real stats" but sure. You do you.
I'm aware.
I get your point, and I'm not trying to just argue semantics, but radical is not equal to instantaneous. The picture painted to you at the start of the game is radically different than the actual outcome, with several plot twists along the way leading us to said conclusion.
And yet, a team that is 2-1 going into the game, loses and those becomes 2-2 doesn't count. Even if their end of season record is 14-2. Similarly, one of the greatest 4th quarter comebacks in his career came week 1 against a rival who would go on to win the division and look to be a superbow contender, but it doesn't count because both parties were 0-0. You dig hard enough with statistics, you can paint any picture you want.
I would love this.. I'd also love a new Megaman X title that goes back to the MMX1-6 formula.
&gt; The only one I truly like is Vesperia. I think I've come to the same conclusion over the years. Played Symphonia back on the Gamecube and couldn't finish it - the slowburn story felt like a mash of Secret of Mana and FFX, but the pacing killed it from being as fun as either of those. (I'd later return to this game and beat it around 2012, and while I liked it, I didn't LOVE it). Tales of Graces f I mostly enjoyed because I didn't care about the story at all and didn't pretend to. The combat was addicting and great, and the world was beautiful to explore. The characters and plot definitely SHOULD have sank my rating for that game, but it was enjoyable enough. Again, I liked it but didn't love it. Vesperia was excellent. Loved it. Xillia was where I first started to notice how low-budget and unpolished most Tales games feel. Again, I liked it overall but didn't love it. Xillia 2 was fun for a while, but the lack of experience anything NEW over Xillia eventually killed my motivation. Did not finish it. Zesteria took every flaw Xillia had and amplified it. It felt like one big walk through a generic poorly designed palace after another. Did not finish, strongly disliked. Berseria felt like Xillia once again, and once again I noticed how unpolished and low budget it felt. Probably would have found moderate enjoyment in it, but at this point the series' flaws are too glaring for me to overlook. Did not finish it.
Can you further expand on this? are there specific cover-ups or examples of alien life that you feel can be found around us? This is always a fun topic that I like to explore.
Everyone knows it's a capitilla
Don't play Subnautica... or maybe do.
- Resonance of Fate - Dragon's Dogma (if that counts, I know it's kind of a blended subgenre RPG) - Legend of Dragoon - Lost Odyssey - Radiata Stories - Infinite Undiscovery - Eternal Sonata Edit: Re-ordered in my personal order of preference.
That's a part of it. The other part is that it really IS convoluted. Below is a list of reasons as to why it's convoluted. I'm keeping this list VERY VAGUE but be aware there are minor spoilers. - There are a ton of characters - There are a ton of characters who are only "pieces" of other characters - There is a dream world - There is a data world - There is Time Travel - There is Time Travel paradoxes - There are places that time seems to pass differently - There is body stealing - There is body transformations - There are clones - There are various types of enemy families that are all caused by different things (Heartless, Nobodies, Unversed, Dream Eaters) - The name "kingdom hearts" changes meanings a few times KH1 focuses on just a few characters, a single keyblade, and a simple goal for both hero and villain. Everything jumps down the rabbit hole after KH1.
Read every note you find! Such wonderful lore.
*Narrator:* It isn't.
Until Critical Mode.
The video game nerd equivalent of a *tough guy* lol
There are dozens of us! Empty parking lots on a cloud-free day, man... It has to do with balance though. People who rely more on visual queues for balance, when we have no reference point to the ground we feel like we are tripping and hence "falling" up. So at least there is a weird logic behind it.
This is a gooooooooooood one.
It has issues with loading terrain, so you need to be smart about recognizing when something hasn't loaded and give it a minute. It hurts the game, not going to lie. But overall the game is still just so damn fantastic that I choose to overlook it's technical flaws.
Megaman X. I've spent more time on that game than many people have in MMOs.
Not OP, but just wanted to say you are awesome. The "Yup" train was seriously making me think "wow I'm glad I'm not part of that community" and then you showed up...
&gt; and see if they think it's a niceity or a necessity. It's still a niceity. It's just an incredibly impressive one.
Does the school provide access to internet?
I think it helps show the loneliness of this home, and that no one is around to see.
I went to an "inner-city" school, but my city is tiny and relatively drug/gang free. There were about 1300 students. We saw fights every few weeks, and I'd hear of the same stories from the neighboring schools in our district. Your school is either a lot nicer than you give it credit for, or your area (while low income) has a higher-than-most respect for it's neighbors.
Fear would probably be better, but Morgan is quite frankly too boring to be the lead in TWD.
Yeah, but only because they are real-time combat, meaning you're constantly on a swivel. Since pokemon doesn't have real time combat, or platforming, that wouldn't be much of an issue to simply adjust your view once in a while for exploitative reasons. But that doesn't really matter anyway since the games have never been designed with a need to.
Rudy.
&gt; cheese, Nah, saying cheese just makes CHEESE calorie free. Not all of dairy.
Not sure why you were downvoted. 90% of all brands have a diet, 0, or "max" kind that have 0 calories.
1. Name checks out. 2. You're not wrong, America has some absolutely amazing foods since it's a blend of cultures and it's massive. You can find the best brats and cheese you could dream of in the Midwest, or the best crabcakes on the east-coast. 3. You're also not wrong because America is VERY generous in portion sizes and "American foods" which are typically fatty and greasy are DELICOUS.
By that logic, every JRPG ever should sell millions.
I enjoyed Persona 5 as well, and will likely get P5 Royal when that releases. But some of the pacing of the game detracted a bit from it overall, and having a hard point of no return where you lose the ability to explore/work on your compendium until NG+ was kind of a turn off for me as well. That game was oozing style though, and had some of the best turn-based combat I've ever seen.
Sun &amp; Moon really rubbed me the wrong way. Easily the worst Pokémon games I've ever played. This brought back some hope for me. Even though the Dynamax feature looks kind of lame.
If you take the new job, you're gonna meet a lot of people, you're gonna learn a TON of new stuff, and you're going to be overall happy, but also more stressed. You'll have to travel on occasion. If you don't take the job, you'll get the promotion in about 3 months.
&gt; Nier:Automata isn't a JRPG Whenever we decided that Action RPG and Japanese RPGs were mutually exclusive, we made a mistake. Action describes the gamesplay style. Japanese describes the aesthetic and tropes expected from the culture. Kingdom Hearts, Star Ocean, Secret of Mana, Eternal Sonata, Nier... definitely JRPGs in my eyes.
I like to believe Irvine recognized Edea - which is the reason WHY he choked.
Emil was absolutely the sole character I thought of when entering this thread. And learning his fate when battling the optional boss of Automata was heartbreaking all over again. Poor Emil.
&gt; There is literally no reason, other than racism/sexism/homophobia to not want to play as a non straight white man. I'd challenge that it could be an immersion thing. Not that it's stopped me, personally.
Owning a car manufactured in 1995.
Am I blind or is Legend of Dragoon not on that list? It's sold over 1,000,000 units as of 2007? Edit: also funny how Nier is under the Drakengard tag (I get it, it makes sense, but Automata is about 80% of the whole franchise sales).
Go blind?
This is actually a great idea for an improvement. Allow polls. I love it.
I always love how people who are so vocally adamantly AGAINST religion, act like modern science has figured everything out. There is SO much we don't know. If there is something more out there, science is the key to proving that. You don't have to be Pro-science OR Pro-faith. Those aren't mutually exclusive.
I'll take Witcher 3 combat over Skyrim combat 100% of the time. It's not perfect, but I wouldn't even say it's "bad". In fact, I quite enjoyed it. Not everything can be Dragon's Dogma.
If you're dying on easy, there's something you're not understanding about the combat. I'll admit it's not some buttery-smooth combat, and it's arguably one of the weaker aspects of the game as a whole (I still think it's fun though), but honestly if you're struggling on easy, you can't blame that on the game when the VAST majority of players don't struggle on Normal.
&gt; But I am good at it. I’m so far into the game and I barely die You're playing on easy mode, and have died a bunch... that's your own words from another post. It's OKAY to not be good at the game. Odds are you're just overthinking it or missing something basic.
&gt; Witcher sheeps The Witcher isn't some political leader we're blindly following. A lot of people (myself included) just ENJOY the game. A LOT. We're entitled to that opinion. You yourself claim the game is a 10/10 story and a 10/10 open world - so for those of us who don't struggle with the combat and consider it even a 6 or 7/10, then of course we're going to praise the hell out of the game.
u/Epic_Reddit_Gaming &gt;Reddit only loves bad games
And for some of us in tech 20% is more like 10k. Where you live matters.
Cut the back open and you're probably fine. As it is though, it's a little too enclosed.
Probably because OP said he doesn't like anime, and Nier Automata follows the same art styles and tropes as anime.
Lol. You're sooo cool.
E3 has always been that way.
When they were showing the remaster of The Last Remnant I turned to my buddy and was like "C'mon... if this game can get a remaster 8 HAS to be able to get the same love." Then 8 was announced.
You literally never have to draw magic and can still be OP as hell within a couple of hours.
I'm aware that he goes by Leon in KH (Minus being called "Squall" once) and he did so because he felt responsible for the loss of his world. My point was just that this is FFVIII, not KH. His name is Squall. Leon, even in KH, is only an alias and is simply part of his last name in VIII.
Some day I hope to be as cool as you.
Do you just mean Pedophiles? Or do you legitimately want children who are sexually attracted to other children to disappear? EDIT: he edited his post. It initially said "Child Pedophiles".
I'd argue that applebees is underrated. Everyone seems to claim to hate it. But honestly, give me some cheap long-islands and a half-off-appetizers menu after 10pm and I'm down.
They have these relatively new Gyros which are surprisingly good. I otherwise agree with you.
He edited his post. It was "Child Pedophiles"
It is - but when someone claims it's a "hack and slash" (especially after last night now that we can see it clearly isn't) my assumption is that they are just pissy that SE is trying to do something new to the title instead of just literally re-hashing the exact same game for the dozenth time.
The Extreme is underrated and overlooked because VII's One Winged Angel set a new bar for antagonist music. But seriously the Exteme is my favorite final boss fight music ever.
I remember that board. Hard to believe my last post on it was 9 years ago already.
Yup! And you'll be able to do that the minute you get back from the SeeD exam, as long as you obtained Siren. On top of that, if you don't mind modding rare cards, get quistis and mod her/refine the items (using diablos) for 180 triples for your strength stat.
Most of the controversy is because people think you need draw magic in general. You literally never need to and I recommend against it entirely. Unless you are drawing to cast, or drawing a GF, just don't use it. It's way more effective to get magic from item refinement.
I wouldn't go that far. There are a lot of people who play games, but don't necessarily keep up with things like E3, who have heard about this news. Heck, it was on snap-chat this morning.
That would be most excellent.
I mean c'mon... everyone was excited and Keanu is pretty much universally loved. The dude shouted something NICE out of excitement and Keanu rolled with it (at it got the conference even more publicity). I'm not saying people should yell anything during a conference, but if CDPR, Microsoft, and Keanu aren't offended, I don't think you should be either.
Yeah but Cyberpunk has already shown 40 minutes of gameplay (granted on an older build), and has a demo on the floor that will likely have footage posted within the next couple of days. It was more about finally dropping the release date in a flashy way.
I'd spend the $10 to see that in theaters. I'm a simple man.
&gt; totally think it's dorky as heck. I mean at some point the word dorky has to have some sort of meaning, right? so I think it's fair to think it's "dorky"while still respecting that it may be a lot of fun.
Yeah, I agree with you. There's not a whole lot of wars, gunfights, chopped off limbs and burned bodies that are actively aimed to a demographic of 6-year-olds. Star Wars was (and is) always targeting young adults - but they've made plenty of kid-friendly versions to target the younger audiences, especially in merchandise.
&gt; To me, it looks only marginally better than Secret of Mana ‘18. It still has broadly the same sort of charmless, cheap looking character modeling, awkward animation and tacky fx that make it look like a mobile game. Are we watching the same trailer? Trials of Mana looks to be maybe 1 step below Dragon Quest XI (Which is beautiful) whereas Secret of Mana (Remake) looked like it was designed for iPhone 6.
He's hinted at almost immediately in FFVII, we just dont get it fully fleshed out until later. If they wanted to something similar to Squall and Laguna where the character doesn't make the connection until much later, they could.
His name isn't mentioned, but Aerith drops a line or two about Cloud reminding her of someone while still is Midgar. Cloud and Zack both fall through her church roof with the buster sword, it's pretty easy for them to insert/flesh out Zack more via Aerith's memories. I'm not saying they will, but they easily could without ruining any flow of the game's story.
This is a shame. Every answer in this thread is just "oh well that's a good movie but it's just a movie." Saving Private Ryan however, is a damn masterpiece. It's wonderful, it's horrifying, it's more than just a "war movie" it's a masterpiece.
r/wrongfacts
idk man, when KH released, there was an FF coming out every 2-ish years. Since around the time of KH, is when FFs started taking an eternity.
That's sarcasm and also a phrase used unrelated to religion when belittling someone. Kind of like if I said "Oh you think you can win game XYZ... that's cute."
If you prefer SoM to CT and FFVIII to FFVII (which you seem to maybe be alluding to) you might be me.
"Girls who survived the apocalypse, what's one simple thing a guy can do that turns you on?"
Former call flow designer and systems admin checking in. Hi.
Fixed it by running a PEN-15 script.
Lol what? I dont think that word means what you think it means.
Even though they've both already been recommended to you, I want to advocate for Nier Automata and Horizon Zero Dawn. In addition: - Dragon Quest XI - Final Fantasy X - Bloodborne (it's more of a "lore" twist than a plot twist)
All of the enemies appear on the world map and combat starts if you bump into them. For the most part, enemies are pretty easy to avoid if you don't feel like battling. It's not too grindy, but as is with most JRPGs, if you really want the best of the best stuff eventually you'll do some grinding. Even then, there are easy ways to level that don't require hours upon hours of your time.
Yup. It's pretty light hearted and easy-going, but the plot is evenly paced and the adventure keeps you motivated. It's not a "oh my God, what's going to happen next!?" Kind of game (minis a few good moments), but it's easy to lose yourself in it.
Speaking of Square Enix and remakes... Trials of Mana baybeee! I'm excited!!
You can either pay for mortgage insurance, or you can take out a separate loan to cover your down payment. The 2nd option may seem insane, but in reality if you buy a home when the market is low, you'll gain enough equity quickly that it's worth it rather than burning money on rent. I would have not been able to drop anywhere near 15k on a downpayment on my first home, yet I could EASILY afford the monthly payments of an extra $100 a month and then just power-pay that loan off first.
Get a credit card from your bank. Use it. Never miss a minimum monthly payment, and pay off all of your balance every couple of months.
&gt; If you need a car, and therefore a loan, find one for less than $5k and don't buy anything else unless you already have the money. I see this posted a lot, but I've got to challenge it. I wouldn't recommend buying a NEW car ever... get a lightly used one, that maybe had one previous owner on a lease. You can get a decent vehicle financed at about 12k. Now, why would I recommend that over a 5k car? because the 5k car is unpredictable. Maybe someone can afford an extra $100/mo, but that same person might be crushed by a $1200 repair. I like having a vehicle that is safer both physically and financially, even if it costs a little more. This is, of course, just my personal preference.
Doesn't Odin gouge his own eye out for wisdom? I always assumed that's why he's always shown with 1 eye, implies he's already gained knowledge.
Considering that the entire (part 1) Remake will take place in Midgar, I'd say you're getting what you want.
The message was sent out through cell phones and radio - very few sirens actually activated. If they were sitting on the beach, soaking up the sun, they probably weren't looking at their cell phone. The whole incident was over in about 30 minutes. Hell, people taking a bath or a quick nap would have never even realized until well after.
Only 1, and that's because those aren't random encounters.
Just done use it. You can become OP in the first few hours without ever drawing a single spell.
That's a weird complaint. Just keep your junctions up to par and you'll always wreck enemies regardless of level.
I'm just here to be a small part of reddit history.
$1000 is not a lot of money. If turning that into a Mil was as easy as a simple reddit response, no one would be struggling with debt.
I just started the game 2 weeks ago. I'm looking forward to one day wielding a gunblade... one day...
As a completely new player, can you speak to this a bit?
OPT is beautiful and uses all of the same style as any of the great SNES sprites but puts them into an actual 3D setting allowing for some cool perspective play that simply couldn't be done back on the SNES. It takes pixel art, which IMO is BEAUTIFUL and timeless, and gives it a modern twist. Idk how you can claim there isn't "love put into it".
&gt; You're telling me you wouldn't prefer an art style more akin to Hollow Knight with actual high-res art? I'm telling you I'm glad I don't live in the world where it's only one or the other. I respect the hell out of pixel art - it gives enough layers to paint a picture, but leaves room for your imagination to fill in the gaps. Of course Hollowknight is absolutely beautiful as well, but it's beautiful for the sake of being beautiful. It has a vivid and lush atmosphere that is impressive outright, but not because of leaving room to one's imagination.
There are tons of different art styles, and those styles resonate differently with people based on how it strikes them on an individual level. I find pixel art (when done well) beautiful. A different TYPE of beautiful, sure. But still beautiful. Similarly, I'd rather have something that looks great in 2D, rather than a sloppy 3D version, even though the 3D version is technically more advanced. So no - I don't want a game to "look worse" but I DO appreciate the style, so to ME it isn't "worse" at all - it's just different. Depending on the artist and the story they want to tell and how they visualize their world, pixel art may, or may not, be the best style for them.
I had forgotten about that scene until this comment. I do remember thinking that it was horrible in a brilliant way.
&gt; Mass effect as a series has nothing that stands up to, for example, the Titan scene Not to discredit your point, because overall I agree with your stance of FFXV... but I'd argue that the first time you actually bring down a Reaper in ME2 absolutely holds up to the Titan scene.
What's harder - Chess or Baseball? There is no correct answer. What you are doing is neglecting chess just because you don't have to swing a bat at precisely the right time to hit a 100mph fastball. Yes - that's HARD and very few people can do it, and those that can obviously feel rewarded in doing so. While Chess is much more approachable from a beginner's perspective, it has a depth to it that is hard to fathom. I've platinum'd Bloodborne and beaten all of the bosses on Critical mode in KH2:FM, so I love me some good real-time-combat. But Penance from FFX, a turn based game, is the hardest boss I've ever faced.
Now Granny, she will be okay - Learned her lesson, next time she'll stay. Broken thumbs bring lots of pain - Just in case, ball and chain.
Sure, and that's fair. But there IS a ton of money being thrown at a "portal gun" - in the form of any sort of functional teleportation and the science behind it. And even those hypotheses point to needing more energy to open a gate than fathomable, and more energy to transport a particle through those gates than they'd produce with kinetic energy. While we still know very little in the grand scheme of things - we are pretty confident with our laws of physics, and it's those laws that break down a tangible Portal Gun, which is why it will remain in the realm of fiction.
Yeah depending on just how fast it pulls and if you put any momentum into it yourself or not. But thinking backing to Zelda OOT, I'm not sure it would pull that hard/fast to do any damage. But maybe it's faster than I'm remembering.
Picking up a 2nd job that is easy and not stressful would be a cool time killer that gets you an extra buck, so I'd probably do that maybe 2 days a week. Aside from that - there's a ton of free or relatively cheap things to do that are huge time-sinks. My wife stays home with my two young boys, so I'd definitely help out with that which would allow her some more free time as well. I'd have time to go for more bike-rides, go fishing (something I haven't done in years, but definitely would if I didn't have to worry about work), play my favorite video games, read some books, and take more "local" vacations that don't necessarily require a ton of gas or a plane ticket. Essentially, I'd live fairly close to like I imagine I will when I'm retired.
Definitely a bummer... but at least I essentially get to make all of my own hours which means I can prioritize work and social/family life however I see fit. Still a pretty good gig I'd say.
Took my son to his first movie ever a few weeks ago. Pokémon: Detective Pikachu. Not as good as Pokémon: The First Movie. But also not a bad choice all in all.
Your husband is correct.
HttYD is the best animated film since the original Lion King. Big Hero 6 is right alongside them as well.
I'd didn't argue that it would be impossible to lift - but assuming the chain weighs less in the Zelda universe (or that Link's strength is far superior to an average human), I don't really see an issue.
&gt; It has to do with the hook shot being metal and chain Which would make it impossibly heavy to use - but judging by the ease at which Link holds it we have to assume it's made out of a deceivingly lightweight material (or Link is crazy strong). Even so, the Velocity isn't significant enough that it would rip your arm off. Your body isn't stuck in place, so even a 2000lb chain isn't going to rip your arm off, it's going to pull your whole body. Worst case scenario is a dislocation, and even that's unlikely if you give your self some proper momentum.
&gt; Yeah but your PTO is based off of hours worked the past 3 mo That's definitely not how it works around my location. &gt;Unless of course your contract States that PTO is counted as hours worked as it is an earned quantity as opposed to bonus structure. Yup, that's more like it. It's a straight quantity that's accumulated.
I recently started playing Final Fantasy XIV... so yeah.
This is so true. I think we can all agree that in a perfect world there would be no abortion. But the reality is, this world isn't perfect, so how much (if at all) do we bend for that?
Alcohol will never happen. Too much economic impact and it would just lead to all the same issues that happened during the prohibition amped up 10x over.
Aliens, arguably as well.
Absolutely. TWS may be the best MCU movie in general, whereas TFA is bottom 5.
With as great as the MCU is... TDK, in my opinion, remains the best super hero film of all time.
I wouldn't call corporate greed "sinister". Everybody wants to make a profit, and of course most people want to make the best profit they can. But I don't think they are actively looking to do harm (though their greed sometimes blinds them from harm they end up doing).
Respectfully disagree.
I'm happy to see that Chrono Cross and Nier Automata have both been mentioned. Final Fantasy VIII and X also deserve recognition. For a bit of a different taste, Deus Ex and Mass Effect.
Put it in the bank for my wife and kids.
tho
Chrono CROSS though.
While it's 2nd season wasn't AS good as Season 1, I think it's still immensely entertaining and definitely gave me high hopes for season 3. If you loved Season 1, I'd recommend continuing.
Black Coffee
&gt; I think folks who say "music today sucks" aren't trying hard enough The folks who say that are referencing the popular radio stations in their area, which is generally either young-pop or country. So in that regard, I kind of agree with them. But if you dig further, past the typical radio stations, I absolutely agree with you.
Many of them are still my friends today. Some have drifted apart. For the most part, we're all doing alright.
Yeah, it isn't a top 5 FF, maybe not even top 10 - but it was still a fun game that gave me almost 100 hours of enjoyment. I'll replay it again sometime too. It's an 8/10.
You just got burned out and started recognizing some flaws. It's kind of ridiculous to say you hate the game when you had HUNDREDS of hours of enjoyment with it. Your journey with FFXIV is similar to mine with Destiny. I will always remember the great times I had in D1, even if I refuse to boot it (or in this case D2) ever again.
SoM would fail as a game TODAY, but it gets its praise because it had a huge and innovative scope for it's time. Plus, its Sprite work and music are beautiful even by today's standard. One thing I love about SoM, even today, is that there is virtually 0 learning curve to get started. There is no 3-hour tutorial level and text dump to teach you everything, you get a sword in the first 5 minutes and your exploring the world within 20. The weapon switching is really no different than utility switching which would be in games for years to come, and the only weapons you needed to occasionally switch to were Axe and Whip (so I usually just kept those on my party just in case). Also, it was 2/3 player couch co-op which made for a fantastic experience with a friend/sibling. Yeah, the story is almost non-existent, because half the game was cut when the Nintendo/Sony deal fell through (leading to the eventual birth of Playstation), and yeah the combat isn't smooth by today's standard - but at it's time, it was solid.
The one from the 90s X-men cartoon.
&gt; Do you have a suggestion on the actual question or are you just content with criticizing other peoples opinions?? You had made a compelling argument to prove your point up until you got super hostile for no reason with the quoted comment.
Seems like a stretch. Bad guys take things from good-guys in hundreds of films, and in many of those the good-guys realize the bad-guys aren't so bad and actually NEED whatever was taken more than they do and everybody gets along in the end... There's gotta be a trope name for that by now. Reading it as sexual assault is a disingenuous reach to make something "sinister" when there was no such motive. Just my opinion, sorry for the critical disagreement, I just don't see it.
&gt; someone replying to you telling you what you really think. I didn't mean to come across that way. Your first 2 paragraphs just made it sound like you had enjoyed yourself up to the point of feeling robbed. You literally use the words "loved" and "great" when describing parts of your experience with the game. So yeah - it reads like someone who got burned out after having to rebuild. If that's not the case, that's totally fine, but consider rewording your initial statements for clarity.
The entirety of the Mass Effect Trilogy.
This reads like a dare.
A group owls should be called a Hoot.
Not to play too much into the poster-above's point, but the laughing scene was supposed to be cringy. It was a comic scene of Tidus purposefully making a fool of himself to make Yuna laugh. The VA himself has a video about it on YouTube. So while it IS bad, it's supposed to be for comedic purposes. People who think that was his REAL laugh without ever actually seeing the context are the ones who are spread it as some epitome of bad voice acting.
Psst, guys... this is how you overhype and get HUGE backlash.
Right, Chrono Trigger can be completed (including all sidequests except for the multiple endings which require several playthroughs) in 18 hours realistically.
Pentool your way around the broom. Right click, make selection, feather selection 1 pixel, copy to new layer. Then you can delete the background.
Slow shambling zombies are believable if the initial strand of zombie-virus was airborne and caused death in 90% of the world's population. The idea of a slow spread through bite or natural cause reanimation is unbelievable.
A coffee grinder will pay for itself within a few weeks. Coffee beans are dirt cheap and your coffee will taste WAY better than something like Folgers. Grind your own beans for pennies on the cup.
I know it serves NO purpose, but somewhat similarly I was a big fan of the belt over the shirt that was popular for a bit in the mid 2000's.
Eye-shadow/Eye-Liner. Girls who bring an emphasis to their eyes, they know what's up.
I used to think this way, but then when you really analyze it, they are the absolute best in the world at what they do, and the provide entertainment and an entire culture-style to millions upon millions of fans. If what you do brings in THAT much money, and entertainment, than you deserve the fat payday.
&gt; The gameplay is frustrating, rather than fun. At first, I agree with you. I actually think that Bloodborne suffers from an overly difficult 1st level. It's interesting because the level DESIGN is fantastic, it's just that as a first level, it goes a bit overboard with enemy count in a way that's never really seen again in game. BUT - as you navigate through that level and eventually overcome it, you get a fantastic sense of accomplishment and, for me at least, it became incredibly fun. Upon 2nd and 3rd playthroughs I grew to LOVE the first level. &gt;The worst part of it for me is that the difficulty of the game feels completely artificial. You're not fighting the enemies, you're fighting the control system. This one I don't understand. I thought the controls are buttery smooth, the hit boxes are tight, the time-frame for attacks are perfectly spaced... everything. Sometimes the game can punish you for not being careful enough while exploring, but the beauty of the franchise is that they are "try again" games, acquiring knowledge and retrying make every repeated step it's own level of progression. &gt;I quit after beating the first 2 bosses because I realised I just wasn't having any fun playing the game. I'm the opposite. I almost quite before beating any of the bosses, but promised a friend I'd play until I beat two. By the time I beat Father Gascoigne (which was actually the first boss I beat) I was HOOKED. Also, the setting, while very depressing, is phenomenal. The game is atmospheric as hell, and only gets better as you discover more.
I'm in a similar situation. I beat it on the 2nd hardest difficulty ~4 years ago and LOVED it. Beat both DLCs, had over 300 hours on. Leading up to the Netflix show, I decided to bust out my Death March run. I'm now about 65 hours in, wandering Skellige, and enjoying it as if it were new all over again.
Upvote for Nier. That one's gonna go overlooked (not like it doesn't have TOUGH competition), but it's something truly unique, with a great story, characters, OST, and is one of those examples of "video games are art".
&gt; Valkyres must be one of the best post game tasks ever. Ever play Kingdom Hearts 2: Final Mix? Check out the data battles. The Valkyries reminded me a bit of them, but not as fast-paced or flashy.
First Nier definitely had a better story and characters. Automata had better gameplay. Both had great worlds. Both had great OSTs (Automata edging out the original just barely I think). What a franchise! But Nier wasn't part of this console generation, it was released in 2010 on PS360.
They'd accidentally boost our economy lol
You're not the norm and if you're half as educated as you claim, you know that.
Yeah I opened my day 1 PS4 about a year back... it wasn't PERFECTLY clean, but there was soooo little dust compared to the usual posts. Still sounds like a jet though, I'm too nervous to change the thermal paste.
Depends on the game. I much prefer not having to choose, and a game simply having one difficulty with varying degrees of challenging side-content. But for some games, I absolutely love the challenge, whereas other game, the hardest modes just seem insane. Usually, if the game has various settings and I'm going into it fairly blind (for example a new IP), I'll select the 2nd hardest difficultly. Then if I really loved the game, I'll replay it on it's "insane" mode.
I had this issue with almost every Destiny 1 and Destiny 2 expansion. Just leave it. Potentially overnight. It will continue.
How did it end? I remember loving the show, but I don't remember seeing the ending.
I wholeheartedly agree. But I also think Season 8 had the perfect ending. So if you just STOP at 8, it's beautiful.
I've loved it up to Season 9, except for the fact that I feel they rushed Fiona's departure, and could have just had her end up as successful partner that the other characters just alluded to in future seasons ("who was that on the phone?" "Oh, just talking to Fiona.") which I think would have closed her arch a lot better. Anyway - is season 10 that terrible? or did you start falling off the tracks even earlier?
- The Witcher 3 - Dragon's Dogma - Horizon Zero Dawn - Nier Automata - Dragon Quest XI - Persona 5 I'd also recommend checking out God of War, Nioh, and Code Vein, as they appeal to Souls fans quite well.
Story and character yes, absolutely. Music I give the edge to Automata,but they are both stellar. It's like comparing the Chrono Cross OST to Chrono Trigger, either way it's glorious, but Cross pushes it even further.
I LOVE both games, and Automata edges out Nier overall, but I can't get behind thinking that 2B or 9S has better arcs than Kaine or Emil.
&gt; PS1 era fetch quests I'll say that there were a FEW quests that added layers to the story, and they were pretty important, but overall - I don't disagree. Having that been said, I don't see it as much of a problem as they are completely optional and don't really lock you out of any of the experience. &gt; slow travel This one confuses me. You can unlock fast travel, and your characters general movement speed (in a world that isn't really that big) gets the job done just fine. &gt;repetitive music I'm going to call shenanigans on this one. Automata has an OST that's just as large as any other respective triple A title, and many of the songs have a completely unique and beautiful feel them. The carnival theme sounds nothing like the boss theme, which sounds nothing like Emil's theme, which sounds nothing like the sister's song, which sounds nothing like Become as Gods, etc. &gt;repeat enemy design I'll give you this. Enemy design was fairly week, and a lack of unique boss fights is a legitimate complaint. I will say that it's easier to overlook than in most games because of the way the game switches genres on you from time to time, but still a fair point. &gt;repeat environments Not sure what you mean by this, other than questioning if you just didn't like having to travel back through locations you've already visited? The world is pretty diverse, itself. But yes, it reuses areas. &gt;story B should have been a 5 minute cutscene Idk, I understand where it was the slow point in the game - but it's honestly not exactly LONG, and I like getting fully fleshed out different perspective of 9S. &gt;What's the appeal? - Fast, fluid gameplay - Unique story, in a unique world, unique customization, with unique characters - Emotionally engaging - Beautiful music - A ton of atmosphere &gt;A character's ass is usually the first thing brought up Lara Croft's bust was the same way, but it didn't stop Tomb Raider from being considered great. &gt;I just don't understand the philosophical undertones, as if they weren't obvious Honestly, the philosophical undertones were fine and all that, but I really appreciated seeing the world that came of the original Nier, especially since that game (at the time) blew my mind with it's plot twist. Undertones aside, the in-your-face story is what I respected. The start of playthrough "C" specifically stands out as a special moment in gaming in my opinion, and entering the White Tower was absolutely epic with Devola and Popola. In my opinion it's a great game. You've got some fair complaints, so I can't take away from that. But I also think you're REAAALLLY reaching on some of these to try and pad a point, when in reality the game just didn't jive with you, and that's ok.
Even if this escalated to an actual war, this would NOT spark WW3. There's no reason to think that's the case. Cyber attacks and specific targeted drone strikes. That's what this COULD lead to. Oh, and fortifying nearby US bases in allied territories.
Depending on where you are deployed, what your job is, and what's going on in world politics - you are often unable to communicate for extended periods of time.
Months, may have been a bit exaggerated, I concede to that. Close friend of mine was a marine in Afghanistan, on both tours it'd be several weeks between anyone hearing from him, and my brother in law is Navy - he definitely goes off grid for longer. But admittedly, this is highly anecdotal.
A few countries swatting at each other doesn't compare to world-superpowers clashing and dragging the rest of the modern world into it's conflict.
Unfortunately, SE has stated that this time through they are focusing on making sure they have a great single-player experience and the remake was not designed with co-op in mind. If you want to play it co-op, you're gonna have to stick with Mana Collection version.
Snake? SNAKE? SNAAAAAAKE!!!!!
&gt; Old School That's legitimately a comedy classic. One of the best, like Anchorman.
&gt; but still not fixing the main issues with Sword and Shield in the first place. All Pokémon will now be tradable to Sword/Shield. How does that not "fix the main issues"??
Bro, no 33 year old man should be helping CHILDREN with their relationships, unless that 33 year man is a direct relative. How many 10th graders do you see texting grown-ass men?
2016 he was comeback player of the year, put up 1250yrds and 14tds. His only better years were 2014 and 2011.
Burger King takes that crown, in my opinion.
I like it. I don't eat it often, and when I do I usually stick to one of 3 options (Egg McMuffin, Sausage McMuffin, or BigMac), but I truly enjoy the taste of those. I do NOT like the chicken nuggets though. I know a lot of people do, but those are WAY better basically anywhere else (Wendy's for example has excellent nugs). It's not fancy, but it gets the job done - and I do consider it a "treat" which I obviously wouldn't think of it as if I considered it less than average tasting. Having that all been said, more often than not I'll take a t-bell fresca style chicken taco over anything from MCD's.
The numbers don't lie. Even in 2017 he likely would've ended up with over 1000 yards and 10+ TDs, had Rodgers not gotten hurt. That injury is what killed his career, because Hundley couldn't look more than 5 yards downfield. People claim he 'lost a step' but those people obviously never actually watched him during that year, they just look at the numbers and assume. Even in 2018, when playing for Oakland, he statistically had one of the highest separation %ages against defenders, but it was a new team (that decided to tank early), new system, etc. So he didnt put up huge numbers. I honestly believe Jordy should be finishing his career this year, as a packer, and he'd e our clear cut number 2 probably finishing the season right behind Devante in numbers (maybe even ahead of, due to Devante's injury). So long story short, yes he was still prime Jordy post I jury in 2016, and likely could've been close to prime still in 2017, with 2018 and 2019 showing a little more decline but STILL being threatening.
We can cheer for the 9ers to lose without ever cheering for the vikings to win. You'll never catch me doing that stupid chant.
I just saw an article on Facebook about this meme. It's spreading and doing the social media circle. It'll probably have a spot on snapchat within the day, as well. Plenty of people will know.
I love this list, except for Sammy's. That place is just OK, and if you want good pizza, stick with Sghambati's, or if you want cheap greasy pizza (I mean that as a compliment) check out Cranky Pat's on Bellevue st. (Though, it'll always be 'Frank &amp; Pats' to me). I'd also like to give a shout out to the Distillery. And if you want a good spot to grab drinks before/after the game, Stadium View recently completed its renovations and it's a really nice place now, though it'll be crowded as balls.
It's the owner's son.
&gt; I DO NOT HAVE ANY SORT OF CRUSH ON HER... &gt; ...If I met a girl who had every trait like that instantly I would be trying to marry her &gt;I’m going to try to explain... You failed.
Scrolled too far for this. That's what you GET when you mess with-the POSTMAN!
That's literally what he's saying...
&gt; It doesn't hold up great over time Have you watched JP recently? It STILL looks great. Admittedly some scenes look a dated, but the T-Rex paddock scene could be released TODAY and still look like a top tier production.
edgy.
&gt; The CGI was good, but it wasn't really THAT good if you start looking closely I agree with this - but that's also why they used as little CGI as possible. about 75% of that T-rex, during that scene, is animatronics. The legs have some CGI work, and that's about it.
&gt; So to say Kairi is useless you really have to be so out there with your thinking about both Kairi as a girl but also this series and it’s message. It’s really astounding that the sentiment has kicked around the community for so long. That's a reach. People are saying Kairi is useless not because of her gender, but because of a character arc build-up that seemed like it was going to push her more into the spotlight and less into the damsel-in-distress trope, and that simply did not occur in KH3. I agree that "useless" isn't necessarily the right term. Her character arch was incredibly underwhelming and led to very little (if any) growth, which is the true issue - but that's visually represented with just how little, and how underwhelming her screen time is. If Kairi and Riku were to swap places in this franchise, people would be calling Rikku useless instead. It's not about gender, it's about using one-word to summarize a complex level of disappointment.
So are you calling the game sexist for portraying her in exactly that way? or are you calling the fanbase sexist for calling out exactly how she was portrayed in said game? pick one.
Oh come the fuck on. That line was CLEARLY meant to Fett look badass. Basically acknowledging "this dude has a history of killing his targets." that makes him DANGEROUS. Vader is acknowledging how dangerous Fett is, while telling him "Hey, DON'T kill these people I know you're capable of killing."
Did you read my post? I quoted directly your sources. Read the article you posted labeled "catch" it specifically calls out securing possession. It's literally the first sentence under the article of "catch" you literally skipped over it and quoted the 2nd sentence.
NieR: Gestalt. I'm very happy that Automata brought the franchise to the next level as far as popularity is concerned, but millions of fans of Automata are missing out on the INCREDIBLE characters, story, and lore of the original. I really hope it gets a remake or remaster.
I don't think there is a canon, but I could be wrong. I personally really prefer Father-Nier (Gestalt) over Brother-Nier (Replicant), jut because the love throughout the game FEELS like that of a father. But the story is otherwise exactly the same.
The world of NieR is spawned due to a hidden ending in the original Drakengard, true. But it's still the first NIER title, and stands well on it's own without knowing anything about Drakengard... having that been said, as the franchise develops, I could see it calling back to Drakengard more and more... I want to know of red-eyes is Caim.
&gt; the NieR OST might be the best complete OST in gaming. Absolutely. NieR and Chrono Cross, in my opinion, are in a tier of their own. Not too far behind is the best FF OSTs (Like VIII and X). I'm actually fortunate enough to be traveling to Chicago later this month to see the NieR orchestra. I'm crazy-excited for that. &gt;And as for Automata, you get so much more out of it if you know NieR. So many references with meaning that you wouldn't even realize you're missing. Entering the white tower, when Devola and Popola show up, I remember thinking "No, don't make me do it again." and then music starts and the total opposite of what I thought happens - I was literally shaking and almost crying throughout that scene.
I agree that the combat is underwhelming - but it's also not *unplayable* like some people pretend. It's just... simple. I definitely feel like the game was shit on way harder than it should've been for having fairly basic combat, and let's be honest, poor graphics.
How far did you make it into Automata? The game gets deeper and deeper the more you play, and the world does eventually feel like it connects directly with that of the original by the late game. I REALLY hope you give it another shot at some point.
I called out Gestalt specifically because that's "Father-NieR" which I think most people using this sight are more likely to have access to, and I also think father-Nier is a better dynamic than brother-Nier.
&gt; If we go by the comics it's very unlikely (depending on the current story) that they break up, because joker is a master at manipulating and Harley In most comics, isn't Harley just absolutely infatuated with Joker, while he really doesn't give a fuck about her and instead just uses her as a pawn since he knows she's crazy about him?
NAH, but you need to be realistic. Masturbation is natural, and men are usually very visual. In today's world, porn is literally accessible at our fingertips at any moment. It's going to happen. As long as he isn't shutting you down, physically, due to an overabundance or addiction, you really shouldn't be worried. It's not cheating unless it starts to consume your relationship.
Time for another rewatch!!! haha, I'm like you in regards to JP, I think it's a masterpiece, I'll watch it basically whenever.
Dragonite. Perfect mixture of cuteness and coolness. Exactly as Pokémon should be.
It's either NieR: Gestalt or NieR: RepliCant. I specifically called out Gestalt because I enjoy father-nier over brother-nier. They are otherwise basically identical.
You can appreciate the game and the HARD WORK that those devs put into it, and also be wishing for better working hours for those involved.
$600ish Got my shoulder checked out, had some x-rays, and did some lab work. Nothing major, just had reoccurring pain that I thought should be looked at.
Making a game is expensive and high risk. Maintaining their platform, basically just prints money. Which would you rather focus on from a business perspective?
"Exploiting" and "abuse" sure get thrown around this thread a lot, but come on, really? They are paid overtime. They are qualified people capable of finding other work if they truly are incapable of keeping up with the hours being asked of them. Try working any salaried position anywhere, where you'll literally always be working 50 hour weeks, potentially handling a calls even after hours, and not getting paid OT for it. That's a little more 'exploiting'.
My point is it's not ABUSE. Jesus, lord forbid you actually get some real perspective on what abuse means.
Skate 4
Take interest in their interests, get them talking about themselves and fill in the conversations with casual compliments. Slowly drip into the conversation their looks and make it apparent (but not overly blunt) that you find them attractive. Wait for cues to turn up the flirtation level (are they playing along, are they doing the same to you? if you're in person are they getting closer to you? touching you? is she flipping/twirling her hair? squinting her eyes at certain moments? etc.) and then start to become more blunt while still not showing your full hand. It's a cat and mouse game, but if you're gonna be successful, you gotta let her play as the cat sometimes too.
&gt;you look really great! In what world is this offensive? This isn't even "commenting on someone's body" as so many people have claimed. Anyone who is offended by a comment like this is a prude. NAH. EDIT: You saw it here, folks. The genuine argument that the comment "you look great" is offensive. Men probably just shouldn't speak to women anymore.
It's a broad generalization, that at most, if you're going to directly relate it to a body, means "I don't think your fat" it's not specific to anything, there is no attribute being commented on. The fact that anyone would take offense to that is quite frankly pathetic. It's a compliment on general appearance, and it's vague enough to not come across as sexual, so there really isnt an issue here. Telling someone "hey I just want to say I think you're eyes are very beautiful" is more 'offensive' than this.
Dragon's Dogma seems right up your alley.
"Hey, I think you've got nice tits. Wanna bang?" Yeah, that works *every* time. LMAO.
On an INDIVIDUAL basis, it may (or may not) appear to have meaning. Becuase we do not understand the origin of life, we also do not understand its purpose. Imagine an ancient machine built in a desert, but it's constructed of materials we've never seen before. It has a motor of some kind, and it functions, but doesnt appear to do anything other than some janky movements we can't comprehend. SURELY if we understood the origin of this machine, we'd have a better chance to understand it's purpose for being built. Was it meant to praise an ancient god? Did it somehow manage the air or water or foliage of an ancient time? Was it meant to be humorous for an ancient culture? Etc. The machine had a purpose, or it wouldn't have been built. But without know who or what built it, or even what materials it's made of, it's hard to determine what purpose this machine has. I'm not confusing meaning with origin, I'm saying that understanding one helps understand the other and unfortunately we have neither.
YTA - even after turning, you could have been connected with the non-emergency line and told them all the info you had. They would have sent the nearest officer on route to intersect that driver.
World is what finally got me into it. I played a few casually, but was never hooked... even World didn't hook me at first. I put about 50 hours into it, had a decent enough time, and put it down. Reinstalled it before Iceborne came out and ended up putting another 110 hours into the BASE game. Still haven't even played iceborne.
&gt; it was vastly inferior to ocarina in my eyes. I don't hate Majora's Mask, but I absolutely agree with this statement. Majora's Mask feels like the hipster flock-to because OOT was "too popular" and they needed to have a 'unique' opinion about one of the world's biggest gaming franchises.
I think it was Super Mario bros 3 on the NES. SMB3, Zelda and Zelda II, Faxanadu, and Super Dodge Ball are the games I remember first caring about.
Halo 2, there was just this kid yelling about his pet lizard inebtween matches. He must have been 10 years old. "SO, I HAVE THIS PET LIZARD." *match starts* *back in lobby, post match* "His tail CAME BACK. Did you know HIS TAIL C-COULD COME BACK?" *match starts* *back in lobby, post match* "And just WRIGGLES around EVERYWHERE. He's like SUPER Fast. He's my ONLY pet lizard." I loved that kid.
That's still REALLY good.
I did this for over 20 people in my clan. Loaded up Crota, told them to wait - got through the pit, the bridge, and the hallway, and the witches solo. Then I did sword against Crota himself, just needed two people to stand on the ledge and fire rockets. Shit, even you just saying this makes me want to boot it up and go again.
ESH - Your mom is crazy, your brother shouldn't have lied, and you shouldn't have dragged your brother through the mud just because your mom was belittling you.
Doesn't it make more sense to offer to sell it back to them, or offer to buy their remaining ticket and invite someone you'd want to be there with?
I completely get that, because that's how I've always felt about MH. It wasn't until that 2nd time going to world that it all clicked a bit for me. Not really sure what did it.
&gt;I only manged to play Seiken densetsu (wich this is) You dropped a "3" there. This is Seiken Densetsu 3. &gt;using an english translation and pc enulator =/. That's how I played it too, at first. But a few years ago I bought a copy of the English translation set into an actual SNES cartridge. They were much rarer back in the day - but for long as Amazon has been a main stream retailer, it's been easy to get physical copies of cartridges, so it's possible that's how the redditor above played this... OR maybe he's confusing this with the original Secret of Mana.
Idk, I love the original as well, but this has almost a Dragon Quest XI feel to it (which is a compliment). It's miles ahead of the Secret of Mana remake, so I'm actually quite excited for how it's coming along.
&gt; Regular show / Adventure time Those are both top notch shows though. I think Gumball could've competed with them if it had taken some form of overarching plot to drive the narrative. The jokes and characters of Gumball are fantastic, but the lack of narrative held it back.
&gt; 30 mins of Andy Samberg being Andy Samberg What's weird is, while Andy Samberg at times gets a bad rep for his overly stupid/goofy humor, everyone on the show credits him as the reason it's funny. Apparently he brings a TON of ideas to the table on how characters should react to different situations and he tends to elevate them all. At least, that's what was said in an AMA with some of the cast.
I can't read this in any other voice but the Ninja Turtles arcade games guy.
INFO: Why can't you guys just split the $20 cost of an uber XL to help you move this stuff?
Uncharted. The stories are fairly simple, but the CHARACTERS are spectacular. It's all of the charm of Indiana Jones wrapped up in a nice playable package of games. The exploration is fun, the locals are beautiful, and when you've finished these 3 I HIGHLY recommend picking up U4 as well.
The FF characters were always on the sideline, sure - but they were also always present. They were doing something to help Sora and drive their story in the background, and you were aware of that. In KH1, Leon is the first person Sora meets on his Journey (and they make you fight him which is bad ass) it leaves a lasting impression. Also, being able to fight them in the arena, and of course the sephiroth fights, were a lot of people's highlight of the game. KH2 took it one step further and put Cloud, Tifa, Squall, and even Sephiroth, into the heartless war and had them fight on the front lines to reclaim their world. So again, while moments were brief, they were impactful. I think people (myself included) were hoping for more of those lasting impression moments. And another badass fight with Seph.
I have a hard time believing these friends of yours suffered through a game like DDD just fine, and didn't enjoy KH3. It's far from a perfect game, but KH has ALWAYS been filled with Disney-World-Jumping and KH3 does that portion of the game far better than any other KH. Anyone who loves KH is used to going through 25hours of Disney filler before they get to the meat of the game, the biggest real disappointment of 3 is that the meat happens too quickly at the end.
I got, for a guy who had a sign like, this some McD's one time. He took his backpack off, opened it, showed me a mountain of Hamburgers and said "I've got plenty, I need cash." I told him he should probably get a new sign then, and drove off and ate the burger meant for him. There is no point to this story.
Sprog would never rhyme hide with hide!
Until you play the DLC on Ultra Hard mode. Your shit still gets kicked in.
If you both enjoyed the night and agree to see each other again, it was a good date.
The Packers cutting Jordy Nelson just because Hundley couldn't look more than 2 yards downfield.
Pho. Don't get me wrong, a lot of people LIKE Pho, but none of my friends or family LOVE Pho the way that I do. I could eat that stuff every day.
Classic Helga.
&gt; Best guess is she saw my jacket and stalked the sport roster to find my name and added me from that. My best guess is that she actually knew you but you didn't recognize her lol.
The entirety of the Uncharted franchise. They are beautiful, highly acclaimed, have some of the best characters in gaming, and aside from a few wonky controls in U1, they've aged wonderfully. Play them on normal mode and you shouldn't have too much trouble. &gt;And it doesn't seem they even make proper turn-based RPGs Dragon Quest XI is WONDERFUL and feels incredibly traditional as far as old school turnbased JRPGs go, and Persona 5 puts a cool and stylish twist on turn-based RPGs. Aside from those, I definitely also recommend Horizon Zero Dawn, Last of Us, and Witcher 3 as they are all pretty much "MUST PLAY" titles of the last decade. I'd also through Nier Automata on your list of games to look into.
It gets funny because ultimately it was a fantastic troll account. Like when a long winded story ends with "lochness monster, tree fiddy" or "let none of this distract you from the fact that in 1996 undertaker through mankind 16 ft off of a hell in the cell" etc. It's an art. And that guy was among the best.
**God of War** fits what you're looking for very well here. Very personal, in-your-face combat that feels heavy and important with every swing of your axe mattering. **Dragons Dogma** has the high fantasy of a souls game, and absolutely amazing combat. It is NOT as difficult, but it's still incredibly rewarding and the end-game content feels like it's own mini Souls game. **Monster Hunter: World** is all about the combat, and the game can be HARD (depending on what you hunt and if you go solo). There are tons of options for weapon choices and what to hunt. I played this after Bloodborne and thoroughly enjoyed it. Definitely felt like playing Bloodborne made me "better" at this game. **Kingdom Hearts 3** specifically on critical mode. Yes, the game is cartoony and childish and the story is convoluted at best. None of that matters. Playing on critical makes this game HARD and incredibly rewarding. The depths of the combat in this franchise are highly underrated, and if you liked Automata, you'll feel right at home with the general pace of combat, but its amped up to 11. Also, if you get the DLC and do the FOURTEEN optional bosses, they are significantly harder than anything in Bloodborne while always remaining FUN.
**Neir: Automata.** It's an absolutely AMAZING game that has an excellent cast o characters, wonderful lore, and great story. On top of that, if you don't feel like grinding out all of the optional stuff for the trophies, once you get to the final chapters of the game you can legitimately "buy" trophies (with in-game currency) so you never have to do something you don't want to do and can just experience a great title. **Final Fantasy VIII.** Honestly, I just love FFVIII and the trophy for it pretty much just entails beating the game and doing a couple sidequests. There are some missable trophies, so just make sure you do a quick google search on when to 'draw GFs' but other than that it's pretty straight forward. **God of War.** As long as you explore a bit along your way and solve a few puzzles, this is an easy platinum from a great experience as well. I would have this trophy myself, if I was willing to go find a few collectables (birds) that I missed.
The Digimon Story Cyber Slueth games are honestly kind of like a poor-man's Persona. They are pretty solid and have a lot of the same vibe.
&gt; open to any suggestion *receives suggestion &gt; No thanks. That's where the downvotes were coming from.
That is not how percentages work.
&gt; but I’ve always assumed he meant it metaphorically You don't even need to assume that. Ghost-Obi flat out states this to Luke right after Yoda dies. He explains that Vader IS Luke's father and when Luke asks why he lied, Obi says something along the lines of "When he adopted the dark side and became Vader, the man that was Anakin was gone. So I didn't lie, not from a certain point of view."
I beat Vanitas last night, he was the first battle I attempted and it took me about a dozen tries, but started getting his pattern down and of course got a little bit lucky at times. Since beating him, I wrecked Riku, YX, on my first attempt. For Vanitas, I found that staying on the ground for 90% of the fight was the best bet. In his early phase, you can either block all 3 of his teleport strikes and then land a full counter, or dodge roll his air-cutters and get a full counter in after the 6th one (he does 2 sets of 3, so if you just want to block the first set, you can). Another easy opening is when he does his eruption attack. Stay on the ground and dodge roll, stay relatively close on his 3rd attack, and as he's finishing dodge roll towards him - he either finishes this up with a brief opening, or a teleport attack. If you time the dodge roll right, you'll avoid the teleport attack and can counter with a full combo - if he DOESN'T teleport (and you'll get the hang of this, there is only about .25 seconds here to recognize the stutter), immediately jump towards him (to avoid the fire) and start your airial combo which should pull you into him. When he start flying on keyblades, I always cast heal and then double-jump into a super glide. I simply stick to the outside of the map and his icicles almost always miss (they do come VERY close though), then just air-step out of his direct path. This nice part about this is it's fairly easy to avoid and by the time he's done, you're MP should almost be charged again. When he goes crazy with fireballs, I just tank him. You'll get the occasional hit on him (you won't stagger him), but more importantly you destroy the fire by attacking it, and if you get in his face enough he'll teleport away without even casting fire. Granted, this is the trickiest part of the fight for me and I think there are better ways to handle it that I haven't discovered. When he does his DM, stick to the outside of the area, on the ground, and keep moving one direction. Dodge-roll his shadows right before they strick. This was hard too, but on the run that I beat him I was able to only get hit once during this attack. If he gets you in the air, you're done.
YTA. Come on, it's harmless fun, who hasn't snuck into a movie at some point? If they were being loud and obnoxious, your actions would have been justified. But you went out of your way to ruin someone's good time just because you wanted to. YTA big time.
&gt; because I’m 19 and have never had a hangover despite drinking quite a lot at times. That's virtually every 19 year old. I was fine until about 27. I'm 31 now and while my hangovers aren't TERRIBLE, they are definitely present.
They are still fast, they have a tail with that is razor sharp, they bleed acid, and have claws. You're better off fighting a JP style Velociraptor, and that doesn't bode well for you.
&gt; I guess its the collective i dont like That's not the collective, it's the government.
Smart Phones - but what would REALLLY catch their eye about them is the touch-screens.
I had my goldfish (won at a carnival) for 7 years! People couldn't believe it.
&gt; So 'life expectancy' was about the same Before the era of penicillin, this is simply untrue. Getting sick was far more deadly then. Sure, HEALTHY people COULD still live to 80+ but it was far more deadly to become sick at the ages of 60+ then than it is now.
&gt; Mother/father knows best’ is such a toxic ideology. That's not meant to be all encompassing. It's meant to be relative to family dynamic - and while there ARE idiot parents, more often than not, their rebellious pre-teen child definitely does NOT know best.
The Last of Us - Prologue and Hospital Final Fantasy X - The End Nier Automata - The Start of (C)... Not quite crying but I was in such a state of shock that I think I was almost there and it should count. Mass Effect 3 - I accidently got Miranda killed, and she was my love interest. Also of course, "It had to be me" and I was pretty close with Thane as well.
You're clearly NTA - BUT, idk if what you're doing is appropriate or not. Honestly, I just don't have the expertise to know how to handle the situation you're in. I'd ask your superior about what the expected behavior should be and follow the rules of the facility.
For me it was a call back to an ancient time of gaming. It was playful and lighthearted, never taking itself too seriously and always evoking a sense of charm. You're right that it's hard to call out any specific 1-think about it that really excelled, but at the same time it all came together beautifully in a way that most games don't. At the end of the day it felt like a "natural" evolution of an NES JRPG, and removing a bunch of the flash and chaos that most newer JRPGS comes with was refreshing in it's own way.
Honestly, Kingdom Hearts is mostly pretty bad... BUT, when KH hits it's peak, it becomes a 10/10. It's weird. For example, KH2:Final Mix is mostly just a bunch of random shit happening in poor-retellings of Disney worlds... then half-way through the game you get to see your favorite FF characters kick the shit out of a bunch of enemies as you run forward to fight off 1000 heartless... that's pretty fuckin' cool. In addition, when you get to the data battles, especially on proud/critical mode, you are in for a TREAT of some of the best combat in any game EVER, with a fair/fun challenge that honestly makes most Soulsborne bosses look like cake. ...but again, this is OPTIONAL content that comes after 50 hours of trudging through random bullshit.
Trigger is definitely the more coherent game, but Cross has that world and MUSIC that always pulls me back... plus the overly convoluted plot is a lot of fun to dissect imo.
Dark World theme.. *Bum-bum ba-da-da-dum, bum-bum ba-da-da-dum*
**Chrono Cross**. It takes Trigger's excellent track and amplifies it. Honerable mention to Nier/Nier Automata, FFVIII and FFX.
&gt; You can’t look at it to talk about the “best graphics” in gaming Okay, but Detroit ISN'T a live action film with prompts. It's fully modeled and rendered with applied texture maps in a game-design environment. All you're complaining about is SCOPE. Yes, the scope of Detroit (at least from an asset perspective) is smaller than a game like HZD, RDR2, etc. But this post wasn't asking "what's the best looking open-world game?" or "what's the best aesthetic"
That was the first thing to pop into my mind, and it's the top answer here. I'm satisfied.
Don't forget the Ring Menu! Secret of Mana had truly innovative UI, which ironically has been adopted in more FPS games than adventure games.
&gt; I absolutely am stating inarguable facts That's funny, considering they're wrong.
Yeah, I'm not really understand the downvotes. This is posted on the PS4 sub, because the event being cancelled directly relates to PS news. The cause of the cancellation is irrelevant as far as this question is concerned. If you'd like to know more about the virus itself, there's plenty of material out there.
P5 is far from an easy plat. You're looking at 150hr+ investment.
I'd think completing 80 sidequest, grinding out fishing levels/cooking levels, and slaying adamantois would bump this up. I platinumed it too, but it definitely took me way more than a day.
Maybe I'm just misremembering, that's a very real possibility, but I thought the were chastised for being failures to the point of persecution, some fought back and were eliminated, but ultimately it was all stemming from the fact that the originals were failures.
Trials of Mana, Dragon Quest 11, or Persona 5.
I legit don't know how you could be on a gaming subreddit and not recognize at least Nathan Drake. That's like saying you don't recognize mastercheif or Cloud. Sure, they aren't Mario or Link, but anyone who cares about video games at all know of them. Edit: Also, if you took a Greek statue of Kratos and put it next to Sony's rendition, you wouldnt even guess they were the same person. So your argument there falls flat a bit.
XV is ABSOLUTELY flawed. But I still think it's a fun experience and while it had many disappointments, it still has some highlights worth experiencing. It's the only game to date to actually FEEL like a roadtrip, which I think is a fun unique selling point, and I really don't understand your claim of "poor level design" (except for arguably chapter 13) since I think this game has some of the best dungeons in the franchise. I would have loved to see this game with a more balanced and fleshed out combat system (FFVII:Remake style), and I would have loved for the story to have better pacing, and for Nomura's original vision to shine through a bit brighter... and I REALLLY would have liked more towns... But the bros, the world, the lore, the MUSIC, the summons, the chocobo riding and car driving, and even the combat AT TIMES are all worth experiencing, and to be honest that makes up most of the time spent actually playing the game.
Until just recently my answer would have been "Mana" games. Secret of Mana is one of my all time favorites, SD3 (Trials of Mana) was the best game to never release in the US (until last year), Sword of Mana for the GBA and Legend of Mana on PS1 were also very enjoyable adventures. The the franchise created that shit PS2 game, and went to cheap mobile markets after that seemingly for the better part of a decade. I thought the franchise was all but dead until Trials of Mana got it's PS4 remake, and MAN did it feel great to play a GOOOOD Mana game again.
Idk, I think we have to see more of night city actually at NIGHT so that Cyberpunk2077 can show off it's neon glow. But yeah, I agree, 2077 is a little "L.A. future-lite" right now.
Idk, there is literally a 1 hour gameplay demo out there. Most games give you a general atmospheric FEEL to them within an hour. Granted, like I said, we haven't seen much at NIGHT yet.
They are very rarely done well... but sometimes underwater can be amazing. - KH3 has some decent underwater exploration in the Pirates of Caribbean world... - Megaman has had some excellent water levels (Launch Octopus in MMX for example) - and Subnautica is completely underwater and it's an AMAZING game. Having that been said, for every good underwater level, there are dozens of shit ones.
It has a few branching paths, and brilliant (often complex) level design, but ultimately it's pretty damn linear.
VIII is great, it just has a couple of issues that are overblown.
I strongly argue that IX has a better story than VII. Like, MUCH better, and that's not a dis on VII, it's a compliment to IX. Best chocobo game for sure. But you're drunk if you think tetramaster is better than triple triad.
Legit noped out after seeing "A Final Fantasy for babies and virgins." This clearly isn't any sort of critical analysis.
Black - Fight back. Brown - lay down. White - goodnight.
Grizzlies MAY leave you alone if they determine you aren't a threat, or think you're dead. Polar Bears will not. They will CONSUME a person because they are big enough to consider humans potential food, and they are also often far more desperate for food due to their environment compared to a brown bear.
Such an amazing map... what a small piece of the greater world it must be, and yet it's so beautifully developed, somehow empty yet full at the same time. Maybe my favorite map in any game ever.
The style of pixel art is VERY CT/SoM, also combat, and overworld. Plus Mitsuda is a composer.
My dad is Irish and my mom is German. Lots of red-heads on my dad's side, lot's of black hair on my mom's side. Size is the only OBVIOUS difference between us, and the different is so large it makes us seem more different than we are, but that can happen. Some latent "tall-gene" probably from my mom's side (she had a huge uncle so maybe it was some recessive gene from a few generations back). He's also the older brother and my mom moved from Germany to be with my Dad while they would have been in the "honeymoon" period of their relationship. So if anyone would have been more likely to be the offspring of some unknown benefactor, it would be me. But I look like both my parents, height-wise and all.
I feel that thematically season 3's ending shit all over the show, and season 4 doubled down on that. No one EVER suffers any consequences, except for Justin and that was due to shit in his life that has nothing to do with the series of events actually shown to us. Clay should have been locked up on numerous occasions, but somehow everyone is just like "nah, he's good. A clear danger to society, but good." Then the whole season is about a nervous breakdown over covering up a murder, and for what? We learn the cops woulda helped that stay hidden anyway... There was no point to this season except that it's okay to get away with murder as long as you're all friends at the end of the day.
I wouldn't say the story is "weak" I'd say it's pretty "simple" and has a few moments of poor pacing. ...but I have said literally the same thing about the first game. Naughty Dog's games rarely have complex stories, but they have incredibly complex characters. And I think TLOU2 keeps that trend alive.
From a purely gameplay perspective, there is NOTHING TLOU2 doesn't do better than TLOU. The level design, the encounters, the diversity of enemies, everything is more robust in all the right ways. From a story perspective, that's wildly subjective but TLOU wasnt renowned for having some immaculate story either - it was praised for it's incredibly complex characters which TLOU2 holds up the trend of. The fact is, people don't like what happens early in the game, and people don't like playing as a Lesbian and a buff-woman (that people will claim is trans literally just because she's buff). If the game was literally exactly the same minus one story tweak and you played as Joel the whole time, the game would have never been review bombed.
Nailed it. From a purely gameplay perspective its simply BETTER than the original. I've argued that if there was one story tweak and you played as Joel the whole time the game never would have been review bombed.
Cyberpunk 2077 will be attacked. Calling it now. People just LOOOOVE to bitch about anything remotely controversial in a story instead of just taking it all in and enjoying it for what it is. Fake outrage, due to boredom.
Umm what...? you can like BOTH games. They are both excellent.
Notice how you didn't say literally anything about the gameplay itself. That's my entire point.
Lmao, holy shit dude, how ridiculous. Anyone who was actually surprised by the plot's kick-off is dense as hell. You're trying so hard to be offended just becuase someone didn't get a happy ending. There's nothing wrong with telling a bitter story.
Edit: struggling to spoiler tag on mobile - EARLY GAME SPOILERS ahead. I feel like people don't understand the immediate danger Joel was in, and how he was forced to flee to the WLF group out of necessity. He puts on a friendly face when he gets there, even inviting them to town to stock up before they leave, becuase he KNOWS he's outnumbered. It's one of those situations where he's hoping the fact that he saved Abby is enough to keep him in good grace with these strangers for a day, and if he would have been literally ANYONE else, it would've worked. I don't really see any inconsistencies with his character there, except for maybe how he gives them his real name - but at that point Abby had heard it in the garage when tommy calls him by name anyway, so lying would've been a dangerous move.
Kids. Kids find this shit hilarious.
Imagine thinking bugsnax is the ONLY game you'd be buying a PS5 for...
I want Naughty Dog to do a Jurassic Park game so badly. The lush environment of Uncharted, with the creepiness and suspense of TLOU... the majesty of seeing dinosaurs would be like the beauty of the giraffe scene cranked to 11.
