You get a little england flag to wave from your trolly in the hospital corridor
maybe his hands were getting sweaty or stiff, its not that deep don't worry.
worst merch ever made and its not even close lmao
LOL literally me.
you can always get a level 40 player to resubmit stuff if it gets removed. In my experience niantic would only downgrade the gyms to stops rather than remove them too. They will only remove/edit stuff if the owner of the property can prove they're the owner and they will deal with that owner directly when it comes to reviewing the case. A Niantic human will review the case and decide themselves whether the stops/gyms are on public or private property. if you're in the right then theres nothing a housing association can do.
would rather have gta3/VC/SA trilogy tbh
Shes not even a tiny bit northern.
Birmingham is not even close to being in the north.
I would like to see a more home console focused 'pro' version of the Switch. No docking/undocking, just a console. full sized joycons and home console features like an ethernet port, bluetooth headset support etc Entertainment apps for this version like netflix, now tv etc ability to maybe use the more portable switch's as a controller (like the Wii-U)
Could you send them over?
Imagine being the creep who goes through peoples post history.
Im closing in on my 2nd recursion and none of those problems affected me lol Problems because someones phone is old arent problems with the game. And old phone issues are what makes up at least 99% of complaints
it won't matter if you stop because the game will be getting killed anyway lol
Wileys selling aftershave in the toilets of the places that Stormzy is filling with fans, he's got no reason to reply to this dead send lmao
Yes they pass as they are exclusive to Scotland and have relevant historical value. They fall into the same pool as Liverpool specials rather than with EiiR boxes.
Then the problem is definitely you. Prime is better, there is no argument. Its faster, looks better and is full of qol updates which make it way easier to use. Old ingress was clunky and out of date even in 2012.
Tinitus will do that to ya
taking your underwear off so your nuts can swing freely
plays fairly well for its age, but to be honest you'd be better off playing hearthstone or pokemon tcg online if you're just a casual pokemon fan. If you're a massive pokemon fan and you know how to play the card game its definitely worth picking up
I rate it as 14+ years old, we've moved on from then.
or just drop BO5 and remaster BO1, I think I would actually cry with happiness if that happened.
wiley has always been over rated, doesn't mean what he released wasn't good, it just means it wasnt/isnt as good as people say it is.
I used to work in a daycare where there was two brothers called tupac and rolex. You can just imagine what their parents were like lol.
If you drop below 10mph on a bike in Stoke it'll get nicked, definitely couldnt lock one up anywhere lol
if busses were as good everywhere as they are in london you'd have to be a moron to drive.
Really hope rebecca long-bellend doesn't get in
if you get killed more than once by someone who is camping then you're the shitty player lol. you're being owned by someone who isn't moving and you know exactly where they are lol
Damn thats a nice collection! Are the OG gameboy Final Fantasy games worth picking up? I like to think i'm a big final fantasy fan but I never even knew they existed haha
one for modding, one for og experience?
sure ;)
the goodest boye
lmao same, i'm gonna say thats probably pretty common
2-0 Stormzy and its not even close.
probably is just a press run, but you'd be suprised how quickly this shit gets turned round when you've got the money to pay for it lol i've been on shoots where cards are handed to an editor throughout the day, its pretty much edited by the time the shoots finished then uploaded off 4g on the way home.
gut instinct is usually the correct decision, over thinking will probably give you the wrong decision. gut instinct - fire will burn my hand. overthinking - Well maybe it won't burn me if i just put my hand in and pull it out really quickly.
\*whispers\* painting your nails isn't feminine or an indicator that you're lgbt+, straight dudes have been doing it forever, its not a big deal so just do it if you want to do it.
This indicates to me that there is definitely another main series remake in the works and they don't want us to just port the whole dex across from PoGO. They have introduced paid DLC for Sword and Shield and if people can just drag and drop to fill their dex they will badmouth gamefreak for not making enough content and say that the DLC is overpriced and stuff.
a lot of ingressers are weirdos who refuse to use social media/the forum and then complain that they don't recieve info/know about events. Apparently Telegram is acceptable because you dont have to give out any details and you can be a super special secret agent.
Yeah but you’ll have to catch them in the remake first to be able to do that. Most go players have already got a full dex waiting to transfer
Its a total sausage fest there though cause its not for girls. Probably good for gay people I guess.
3-0 Stormzy and we don't even need to hear his 3rd one lol this is literally just rambling like a crack head
Paying for yourself on a first date is a great sign in my book. The best women i've dated have also been the ones who have insisted on buying the first drink. If I went on a date and paid for the whole thing you wouldn't get a second one, too many girls use dating for free meals so i'd just assume I was being taken for a ride and you werent serious.
nothing dont worry about it. pokemon home is basically just a way to transfer your collection from old games to the new one
Luckiest guy on the planet
you should consider growing a lil bush you'd look even more amazing with pubes :O
i chew my bottom lip meaning its always got cracks and bite holes in it.
Sleep with background noise in your room. I lived in London for years, my flat was really warm so I always slept with the window open and got used to sleeping with a lot of outdoor city noise, now that i've moved out of London to a more rural area I really struggle to sleep because its just too quiet. My solution to this is to just have a 24 hour news channel on with quiet volume.
Theres no reason to buy the new consoles for at least the first year anyway. Pushing to drop old console support sooner won't change that. Release models are notorious for having hardware faults and the price of both the console and games at release is way too high. Theres also the chance that with this gen people will start to actually upgrade to 4K tellys/monitors will definitely influence their decision on when to go through with the upgrade to new gen.
Grime really is a young people genre, its just a bit cringe watching a 40 year old do this stuff.
just because you start something doesn't mean you should do it forever lol. His new stuff is dead and his videos are just a cringe old dude bopping about
vise is the US (wrong) spelling of the word.
at this point it should just be called American,'American English' really isn't English.
yeah, not 40 lmao
They named it Sorcerers Stone for America because they didn't think the original sounded magical enough for Americans lol
plz nintendo, my bank account cant take anymore abuse :'(
Saw a guy in CEX (uk game shop) today getting lectured like he was a little kid and told off by his girlfriend because he wanted to spend £10 on a second hand PS4 game, couldn't be me lmao poor guy
Vise is literally the American spelling of vice. A vice is a metal clamp with moveable jaws that goes on a work bench. Vise is the American spelling of that same tool.
Set an amount of money from your paycheque that you want to save and stick to it. draw it out of the bank and keep it in cash somewhere at home so you cant spend it online (takes away my biggest temptation) Once you’ve got into the habit of saving then open an account and keep it in there.
Literally never used soap as lube lmao wtf
Put your mouth over her mouth and blow really hard then baby will pop out of the other end no problem.
Shake it like you’d shake a mans hand. If you’re crushing their hand it means you’re just shaking hands wrong anyway.
Been single 5/6 years now. When i first became single i was working 60-100 hour weeks so i had no time to do anything but sleep. When i changed career i then had loads of time but no money to date lol. Now even if i found someone i was interested in i wouldnt go for it because i enjoy having 100% of my time to do whatever i want on my own.
Something he really wants/is really wants to do but can't justify the cost so that at some point you may be able to surprise him with it as a gift. Men have always got something they'd be really interested in trying but generally put it to the side and never end up doing it. Favourite food, we like to be fed nice things, especially if its a suprise.
if its just joy con drift you can just buy a new stick off ebay for £5 and fix it yourself. i've watched a couple of videos and it seems simple enough for anyone to do. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UettFTG0xMs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UettFTG0xMs)
You're 16 you need to chill lol you have literally nothing to worry about. At 16 you have zero skills to justify earning above minimum wage so thats where you need to focus your efforts. get trained up so you can move into a career when you're an adult and earn more.
People who make memes like this are the weebs with greasy hair and BO who work in Game and give you sass when you buy something they dont think is 'real gaming'
‘I’d never raise my voice to any woman, especially my mum’. - Theres your problem. You’ve let yourself become her bitch.
Urinals are gross. You’re more likely to be standing in other guys piss, you can get sprayed by the guy next to you and you can get spray back off the urinal. Pissing in a normal toilet is the only acceptable way for me to go.
Make sure you masturbate. You’re still allowed to do it when your in a relationship and it will chill you out.
T O E S
It worked for JME cause he’s that kind of guy, he played the long game and pulled it off. No ones going out in the middle of winter to buy wileys cd lol
Stormzy has zero reason to do it. He won and it wasnt even slightly close.
He was found guilty in his trial by twitter so theres no coming back. As far as i know hes not been found guilty of anything in grown up court, but the k pop fans never forgive and never forget.
Anal
Passively earned wealth through investment.
Lowest of low quality human. No thanks.
Put it in rice
Meet in a public place for a chat first. Take some condoms and get down to it.
The Simpsons is great. Its a reliable show, you know what you’re getting and its always a good easy watch. If you fancy a change then futurama is always waiting and is just as good. Family Guy is ass. Never seen the appeal at all. South Park is still the best out of all those sort of animation shows. Still love it. If you want to try something more recent then watch Big Mouth. Its on Netflix and its basically about a bunch of high school kids going through puberty. Suuuuper funny show.
Put your arsehole away and get a proper job you salty hoe lmao
damn thats the best looking gameboy i've ever seen
It's such an easy game to get lost in, I sat down to hatch a couple of eggs for 30 mins last night and 4 hours later I was still playing without even thinking about it.
doing to the gym and training for the tight tshirt olympics
gotta loosen up a bit, try not to pull the bars towards you so much keep them steady
LMAO
I said the same, didnt buy it on release but someone got it for me for christmas. Now im mad that i missed a month or two of playtime because i love it.
Why would you try and shit on people who are enjoying the game lmao. What a fucking weirdo
Nintendo really doesn't need AAA ports from xbox and playstation to stay alive or relevent, every main game thats been released to far on the switch has been an absolute banger.
Just gotta find dudes who like cats! Im aure you’re a really nice person :)
great map, I still play BO1 and I love it when this comes into rotation
Just bad rng
The girl that made a shitshow of jacking him off was her
All office work that can be will become home based and people will just live like hermits and never leave the house
Sending nudes/underwear/swim suit pics before the first date moves you from potential gf to one night stand
If you’ve never even tried drinking. Try it. Its not a big deal at all. If you dont like being drunk then dont do it again but its an experience you should have.
I try to meet fairly quickly, like the time between first message and first date is always less than 2 weeks so i never feel the need to see more pics personally. I think dating is like 70% personality and 30% looks and its better for you to meet in person so you can judge their hotness and character, boobs are always good so theres no reason to give them up so early
Its 2020 dude if you want to date someone just ask them out. He might like you but just not be understanding the hints lol
He randomly tried to get his viewers to raid formal and scumps streams while they were mid scrim and then he shit his pants because they didnt give him a shoutout
Dont let FOMO force you into bars because thats what you think you should be doing, if you don’t drink you aren’t missing anything at all. Maybe try taking up a hobby and find LGBT friendly groups to join in with, maybe a baking class so you can make some cakes ;)
Feel free to move all those multi billion $ companies out of america then. Im sure most countries will be glad to take their business off your hands
You can resell and trade physical things though. And pokemon cards come with codes to scan your physical cards to play online. Completely different product. I know people who have pumped £200 into fifa loot boxes and they were just casuals who dont even own the consoles anymore
Still mentally suffering from mine 3 years later because i let it drag on so long
If you can't afford to live in London you should take whatever the council gives you to move to a more affordable area, A working professional adult can't realistically live on or move to London for less than £20,000. Even then your standard of living is extremely low, a person who works very little or not at all shouldn't be living in their own council flat for free while working people are living like rats.
My nominations used to go through in roughly 3 days because I was one of very few ingressers submitting and I was doing a tonne of reviewing. Now i've got submissions that haven't even gone into voting yet that I did in December last year. I think 5000+ reviews is definitely more than my fair share considering out of my 200+ member local pogo group only 3 other people review at all. I definitely need to be incentivised to start reviewing again now.
the submitting isnt the issue its the fact that people are pumping in loads of submissions and doing zero reviews. you dont need incentives to submit.
On the desktop reddit site look at the bar down the right side of the screen. You’ll see your screen name and (edit flair). You can change it from there
I moved from a very poor area of the midlands and lived in North London, some of the stuff I learned was: At every point I was competing almost exclusively against people who grew up in London and could live at home for free. They could all afford to do the free work, low paid work, go out for all the networking meals, internships, run a car etc while I had to try and land half way up the ladder with zero experience besides my degree. The only people who ever managed to get anywhere with housing came from families where their parents already owned/inherited a flat where they let the kids live for free. No matter what the job level everyone I worked with rented rooms/shithole flats unless they were married meaning they could combine incomes, Pretty much everyone had no long term plans to stay in London, even the people who managed to get onto the bottom of the property ladder, because it just wasn't realistic at all. 90+% of 'normal' (born in london) Londoners in low paying/regular, average pay jobs that I met don't actually want to live there, they're kept there by a huge amount of FOMO, and a lack of ability to save enough to relocate, also lack of any contacts outside the capital because its a complete bubble. When I took on jobs in the north companies basically just shipped us and all of the quipment up into hotels rather than hire locals, and you bascially had to live in london to get work outside london which was mad. I moved out of London a couple of years ago now and i've watched my friends go up the job ladder but get absolutely nowhere with housing at all and they're all settling on the prospect that they're probably going to have to move to somewhere out in hertfordshire/essex and spend all their free time/money commuting.
If you moved to London with a partner and had your own place to live you're already starting way higher up the living standard ladder than 99% of the people you're talking about.
I'd always recommend £100-150 as the range to go for, and i'd always recommend Snail as a good brand, i've tried a bunch of their ukeleles and they all sounded and played great.
Huge L she was really good! Wtf
When people say they spent $xxxx on ingress theyre throwing their rent, bills etc into it, theyve usually put zero $ into the actual app
This is it^ i play on an iphone 8+ and have had pretty much none of the bugs others have had and thats from playing prime from release day and never installing redacted. The android players i know have had quite a few issues all the way along.
If he moved straight into his own place right away rather than having to live in some gross shared accomodation with 4/5 other people he is literally better off than most people who move to london regardless of how emotional you get about it.
I didnt say it was something to be frowned upon. He lived comfortably from day one. And said he didnt understand why people were complaining about not living comfortably
Dana is definitely the man in their house lmao crim is such a little bitch
Not a sequal, but I would like to see stories from other souls who are travelling through the land of the dead.
swear he packed and posted them himself lol
That is literally your own place. 90+ % of people are renting a room in a shared house with complete strangers.
Ill be happy to finally have something to spend them on, theyre just taking up too much bag space atm
I just show them what i'm doing and ask them to keep it a secret so it doesn't get spoiled for other players
Could be worse, we could be american
flashing moobs ass in public
jeez you guys genuinely have no idea whats going on outside America lmao its fucking wild watching from the outside
niantic arent going to make extra servers for a game that they're making a consistent loss on and are fighting to keep online lol. first thing that needs to happen is a re-work of the missions, making them easier to create and grouping banners into sub menus so players actually know what to do. They also need to introduce missions to players much earlier in the game with some hand holding because they add good structure to the game and create a good base for people to learn how to play. Ingress mosaik needs to be an official niantic website with a catalogue of all availible missions. Comms also need to be level locked to maybe 6+ so the old gatekeepers cant harass new players until they've found their feet.
i'd personally say all comms should be locked because new players get very intimidated by people who start talking to them and asking them to join chats and stuff straight away. even though they're well intentioned it can be very off putting because the game obviously takes place in the real world and players can track where eachother are moving
[youtube.com/codleague](https://youtube.com/codleague), youtube have a multi year exclusivity deal
I hate Twitch so i'm really glad for the switch, for me personally streams are always WAY smoother on youtube.
its not her fault, the sound guy should have fixed that an hour ago lol
Yeah theres a place in/near Enfield (north London) where wax wings apparently nest every year, i've never been to the actual place but twitchers flood in every year. Pretty sure thats the animal that Pidgeotto from Pokemon is based on.
crimbitch
I should be able to quickly go for a piss mid match, come back and be caught up with what i've missed within 5 seconds. that information should just be on the screen all the time
Puckets on twitter now basically saying we dont know shit and hes been working in gaming for a while so we’re all completely wrong lmao
Looks like a janky microsoft tim cook
95% of the good ps2 games were ps1 games
Would rather have the OWL ads than the give boomers a job ads
Thats what they all do. The idea with esports and twitch is to make as much possible as quickly as possible before the bubble bursts
Im really hoping that the ravens dont get an ego and then fall on their face at the next event. They’ve got a habit of getting to gassed up and then flopping
send brexiters out in rubber dinghys
because there are millions of doctors but only one star of whatever movie you're watching
I loved PoGo because it got me out of the house exploring new areas, now all there is to do is drive between a couple of gyms once a month when a new legendary drops, games run its course I think
Basically never unless that girl is heading towards being a girlfriend, i also never exaggerate
Firstly, real men have a red towel in stock for just this occasion. Go into the bathroom, assess the flow. Then basically warn him. Either its light so we should be good or sorry way to heavy to get down. Its never been an issue for me at any point since i started having sex
I would only ever date one person at a time so basically just bring it up and make it official. Personally i’d see someone dating multiple people and headging their bets as a massive red flag.
guy had massive reach, I had no idea who he was, never watched basketball and even I picked up saying 'kobe' when I threw a good nade
I know plenty of people who are still dropping £20+ per month into the game, most of them have a second account that they also put money into and buy gofest/safari zone tickets for but at the same time its almost impossible to get people together for raids after a new legendary has been out for a few days. Niantic are just going to keep milking whales for as long as they can unfortunately, playing the game for fun and having a good time for free is over.
studying the blade is a noble life mission
I literally said after they won the first game that i hope they dont get an ego and fall flat on their face because they've got a habit of doing that, next day they get wiped
totally right that hes upset. but at the same time esports isnt actually sports, it's entertainment and Activision dont want to lose one of their pize pigs half way through the tournament.
99% of good PS2 games were actually just Ps1 games.
I hit almost 100km weekly walking over 100km when i'm in the city, its the principle of needing to do that much dicking about in an optional extra mode to get core basic game content. Raids are fine, people go to gyms anyway to gain coins, take over gyms, earn golds etc etc.
because theres no actual reason to walk for pvp, pvp is the sit down part of the whole experience lol.
this mode has been designed with multi accounters specifically in mind who will spend a tonne of money on passes to feed things to themselves
this is why I work at night, I can hop on mid day and absolutely own pensioners
the city centre and nearby 'inner city' estates are bad, the rest of it is perfectly fine if you want a quiet life, surrounded by countryside
no reason for them to complain then lol
Dont worry, you’ll get used to being blasted for living here. Its part of the experience
women can fix cars and do DIY too, but there will always be one person in the relationship that that stuff falls to so it still created the balance.
its time put in, cleaning and cooking and stuff takes basically zero time to keep up with and is super easy, things like DIY and car maintenence usually need full days/weeks to be set aside to complete the tasks. Kids are different, thats the one area where you should both be putting in equal effort all the time.
Its a freemium game, there will always be paid parts. If you play the game daily the paid stuff pretty much won't affect you because you'll just naturally gain everything for free. A lot of the paid aspects only really benefit people who don't play very often.
a lot of the time books are better, the ramps can be really noisy and its annoying lol especially the plastic tech deck ones
its called edging, you can do that yourself with a bit of practice
Undermining plans that brexiteers make wont bring remain back. It will just drag us all down quicker. Being disruptive now is just a fucking stupid attitude to have.
If its realistic that someone can transition physically and legally from man to woman/woman to man, then a person can also just simply change their opinion or at least be objective about the best course of action on these issues. No problems here. people downvoting please feel free to explain why you think i'm wrong. Clue: I'm not. ;)
I use my ipad and have either The Joe Rogan podcast, Linus Tech Tips: Wan Show podcast, The evesdrop podcast. Or I just pick a super easy to watch sitcom on netflix and let it just work through the episodes.
Hiring someone who will just agree with everything you say is equally as bad as hiring someone who disagrees with everything you say. Hiring someone whos a bit more neutral/open to a change of opinion is better.
We can't have more situations like we have with trans people where the entire conversation is 'i'm trans so everything I say is true and you're not allowed to disagree with me'. It's much more sensible to have someone who can elevate the good parts of being LGBT and push back against the bad parts. She voted against gay marriage (which isnt homophobic) on the basis that it goes against peoples faith (which it does for most religions). In a way she's right, the push for equal marriage should have pushed for all religions that want to practice in the uk so that one religion wasn't being unfairly targetted. Espcially considering Islam has been given free reign to openly protest against gay people in the uk
You don't know more than everyone else. You being trans does not make everything you say fact, you saying that something is an issue doesn't actually make it an issue, its just an opinion, you feeling that something is an issue also doesn't make your opinion correct. It absolutely is not homophobic to not want to perform gay weddings based on religious beliefs, because if it was then all religions in the UK would have been forced to accept gay people too, but they weren't. What actually happened is gay people singled out christianity as the weakest link and piled on them until they caved in. People all over social media get piled on daily for saying anything that even remotely strays from the LGBT agenda, but not the muslims, they get a free pass.
they don't have to change their private opinion, they just have to act in the best interest of the people they're representing. which she has in votes that have happened since the original gay marriage vote.
using people like contrapoints as a source is exactly one of the traps i've just warned you against falling into lol. one of the top comments is a gay dude complaining that trans nonsense is being pushed on him. debates are the best way to discuss basically everything, because it makes you actually explain your stance with facts, which you've just absolutely failed to do.
what i've said isn't personal bias at all. i've literally just written out what has happened, no opinion added aside from that a person in charge should have a balanced view so it doesn't get railroaded by specific groups within the group and that the push should have been to get equal marriage across the board instead of singling out one religion to harrass, which is also correct.
A youtuber narrating a 45 minute video to tell me why its not gay to fuck men isn't evidence. 5:09 - He said that only a trans youtuber can explain being trans because literally the only alternative is a bunch of conservative troll youtubers. It's just baseless echo chamber nonsense. There has been more than enough talk about trans people for at least one of the people who has used it as a platform to gain an influencer/political career to be able to actually lay this out in a debate with actual factual answers for the questions being asked. chemistry at school doesn't lay out new ideas, chemistry at school lays out things that have already been proven as fact and presents them in a digestable way for people who are trying to learn about that subject. Those facts are obviously subject to change, but that change only comes when presented with new hard factual evidence. Trans people haven't done that, all that is being presented is opinions.
point proved. You offered an opinion video as fact and now you're salty because I didn't take those opinions as fact and shower you with thanks for my 'education'. Try to vary the people you watch on the internet, you may expand your horizons and gain a less narrow world view.
you haven't shown at any point that you understand any of this. you moved from a right wing shit poster to a left wing shit poster, great growth bro. if you took either of them even remotely seriously you need to rethink your entire education. Anyway, this has turned into yet another gay rights topic being derailed by the trannys so i'm out.
Actually it was contrapoints that mentioned people like him
what about jabba the hut? hes fat bald and lives in space
We can give birmingham to america as part of a trade deal, they can add it to the one in alabama
looks absolutely amazing but i bet those controllers will get super dirty very quickly
you can spend the free pass? i've only ever had the option to spend premium ones :S
we haven't started the post-EU deal making yet smooth brain, just because stuff doesn't happen on the day of the result doesn't mean it isn't going to happen lol
almost every time, sitting down ftw
Only a little while to go before they start rounding up any nearby mainlanders to be lynched
because they support trump and wish he was here basically. They think Sadiq Kahn is the mayor of England and they think Trump is just part of our parliment
Having a mixture of input devices doesnt work everyone needs to use one choice for it to be competitive and fair. Console esports are good specifically because they dont come with the stigma of having the PC community.
But if you’re contacted then surely your contacts will be contacted by the contact tracers. The whole reason we’ve been shitting ourselves about it is because it can be passed on by people without symptoms lol
It's never ok to attack people in the street, even if you see them making a minor highway code mistake. If you see someone in a car breaking the speed limit you don't chase them down and beat them up.
This has happened multiple times in America for the same reasons. Their police are racist, violent scum and always have been, they regularly beat and murder civilians. A 10 minute video of a man being murdered in the street was just the spark that lit the match, its definitely bigger than George Floyd. The two ‘shop owner beatings’ videos that are going round: One wasn’t a shop owner, he was chasing protestors to try and slash them with a sword so they mobbed him video was trimmed down to use as propaganda Second one the woman outside her store was calling the guys n*****s so they beat her up, the original video had the sound cut off it and is being used as propaganda.
We’ve had two female PMs...
1. Thats not something you'll get to decide, they may not be availible on the day that you want one so you may have to take a couple of days off to get one. 2. You do have to isolate if someone in your house gets it, even if you get tested you potentially won't get symptoms/positive results for up to 14 days after exposure 3. If you're not elligable for things like free childcare at schools you're not listed as a key worker, not everyone had to close, office jobs were generally allowed to stay open if it was safe to do so. 4. You don't have to download any app on your personal phone, unless they have provided you with a work mobile tell them to go whistle. (track and trace app isn't ready at all yet either) If you are contacted by track and trace after contact with someone in the street you have to isolate regardless of what your boss says.
We have that because pretty much every inch of Land in England is owned by someone, Just an issue that comes with having a really old, really small country. It's also the reason we're no allowed to wild camp in England. It only really applies to footpaths that cross through farms/woodland you can't just hop over someones fence and sit in their garden.
Black pudding is amazing, its hard to describe, bit salty, the texture is crumbly/creamy its packed together like a normal sausage, you cut it into slices and fry it. In Ireland they have white pudding which is basically the same but no blood.
Yeah people do live on narrow boats lol, you can also hire them for vacations and cruise around in them. We have a pretty advanced canal system running through the whole country because thats how all our materials and stuff used to be transported between all the different towns factories.
Happy Pride month :D
How many reviews have you done this month/last month?
the taste of toothpaste makes me heave so i'd rather do it when I can wash the taste away with a coffee in the morning
the eshop is just poorly designed from top to bottom
We did before social media because no one snitched
Can't really make this any simpler for BAME people, if you go out and start voting right wing/stop voting left wing your situation will get no better.
Before things escalated in America and flooded all channels people were itching for protests and 'repeats of 2011 riots' to happen over here, they need to keep a lid on it for now.
I can just about remember the time they blew up a lorry in Manchester, I was about 7 and there was a bit of a panic because my neighbour was up in the city centre for work.
If you vote Tories you get Tommy Robinson, The EDL, Nigel Farage, Katie Hopkins. If you don't vote Tories they go back to their caves.
Nope, theres a process. To push these sort of big issues through parliment you'll need a left wing government, once those changes are done you can vote for whoever tf you want because the changes you need are already in place. Anecdotally the vast majority of black people I know are really religious, pretty conservative values, very homophobic etc. Perfect right wing voters. But the tories won't give you the tools to do what you want to do.
I yawn when my allergies/asthma are bad and its basically just my body saying yo, you aren't breathing right, you need more oxygen so let me force some into you. You're probably engaging the wrong muscles to do the exercise and tensing up/holding your breath while you do them. Try to do less sit ups/other exercises per set.
yeah the base game is great, I only ever really see hate for it on here, i've not met a single person who hasn't enjoyed it.
yassssssss downloading this the second it drops!
don't talk to stupid people, makes most conversations go much smoother lol
Americans* no one else watches that shit
If brexit does end up getting kicked into the long grass theres no way in hell any government is going to fetch it back out again lol
r/ShitAmericansSay
who's Trump?
9/10 looters are dumb enough to steal the empty display boxes instead of getting the actual games from the store room
they were doing so well with this content then they had to go and ruin it lol
LMAO this is the most entitled shit i've ever read.
eVeRyOnE tHiNkS tHeY'rE eXpErTs - people who have never read a book and assume everyone else is as thick as them
As much as I hate parking charges and refuse to park anywhere that has them, paid parking is literally the only thing keeping some councils above water.
Unfortunatley every community has some of these race purity psychos, best to just stop buying and listening to his shit and let him screech into the void on his own.
don't be a simp, he's being a cunt and you're allowed to say he's a cunt.
I get it safety first, but it feels extremely weird that the show will just completely miss out the pandemic. Need an episode with phil mitchell twitching his curtains and calling the police on the queen vic for having a lock in.
yes, by not keeping up with current events and not knowing anything at all about any of the subjects the people around you are talking about you're really living outside the matrix, save us neo!
Thats the key in all this, all of those zero hour contracts propping up every employment stat are now gone. we've been in the shit job-wise for years now.
did maddie release covid into the world?
You dont have to agree with people, butif you want to argue against them you have to know what you’re talking about. Thats where you’re struggling.
Yup. worst thing i’ve had is a guy literally grab me and try to pull me off my bike cause hes ‘sick of cyclists going past him’ Been cycling everywhere for 15+ years and never felt so unsafe.
The reason it was all allowed to go ahead is because the government want herd immunity, same with the rammed beaches/VE day celebrations/Cheltenham etc, In a couple of weeks they'll open pubs so another batch of people are processed through. Better to just not worry about it and live your life tbh.
Some EiiR are elligable, for example: Gold postboxes from the 2012 olympics, cypherless scottish boxes, ludlow postboxes. But generally they aren't because Liz is our current monarch so unless theres something special about the box is won't get through. Anything with older cyphers (the letters on the box) is fine, for example: GviR (king george 6), GR (King George V). Do some google research about postbox cyphers to get the dates of each monarchs reign etc.
Yeah only black music gets ragged on by the media LMAO, you know literally nothing.
Places like London definitely have issues with actual racism, big cities are where most BAME communities are and thats where most of the issues are. Outside of big cities there are definitely racists but I think a lot of people just have a ‘grew up in a 99-100% white community so never got challenged about being PC’ problem. Changes to the curriculums in schools would hopefully knock that out fairly quickly.
On PS4 I do, L2/R2 on that controller is total ass
Exclusively in scotland, not the whole UK. That makes them fine tk be accepted
Caitlin Moran said it about David Cameron and it basically stuck from there.
can confirm, I went to Brentwood once and literally everyone looked like that even the pensioners
Police that have spent the last 3 months giving sarky replies to the community on social media/in person about how its ABSOLUTELY IMPOSSIBLE for them to social distance while they're out on the beat, police where outside of photo ops weren't wearing masks, gloves or any sort of PPE while engaging with the public.
become a Twitch streamer
its not, its a term to describe racist old brexiters who chat absolute shit the fact they look like salted pork is just an added bonus. Also, still coined and popularised by white people about white people, meaning its not racist no matter how much you cry.
You'll never get praise for working extra unless the boss is there. You could work 5 extra hours before your shift and it won't count for anything lol
they literally weren't
it would be better described as colourism, not racism. It would also probably have been based on class, rich/influential black people selling poor black people for labour, which white people also did to other white people.
I'd say as long as he shows up and gets involved when it would be unusual not to, birthdays, weddings, gatherings where they all bring their BFs along etc then its not really a problem and you just have to sort of accept that he's not a super social guy. If he's refusing to do those things, and not inviting you to the similar events with his own friends then you probably need to decide if you're the right fit as its obviously something thats very important to you.
For most of it they seemed to be as spread out as they could be. They also had people handing out handgel and masks as well as people dotted around with signs telling people to quarintine for two weeks after protesting.
Rescue is so annoying as a black mage, I get dragged into AOE more often than I get dragged out of them lol
lmao whatever man, put on a mask, socially distance and stop bitching. Police aren't special, you need to follow the same rules as the rest of us.
affected because of living conditions and level of poverty not necesserilly their race so they should be fine.
Feel sorry for all those people that lost their jobs/business and couldn't say goodbye to loved ones for a bunch of selfish ~~social media addicts to go and do this~~ boomers and arseholes going to the beach and having VE day parties.
if you're going to walk on thin ice you might as well dance.
Have a read of 'The Good Immigrant' by Nikesh Shukla and 'Natives: Race and Class in the Ruins of an Empire' by Akala. You may not agree with whats written in them but they give a good example of BAME peoples view of their life in the UK.
That point wasn't necesserily about race, one of the main complaints in cities is that community centres are being shut down and after school programs are being cut. Kids aren't really safe to just roam round streets/parks in massive cities they need somewhere more sheltered and supervised to go so they can play safely after school. This can also help to shelter them from being groomed into gangs and gives them a safe place to talk about problems at home with people who are trained to help fix the situation. So better support for those programs basically. For safeguarding, it seems like black boys get a fuck load of adult problems piled onto them at a young age because they're in single parent (mostly with mum, mostly minimum wage) households and they're pressured into being 'the man of the house'. These kids then get groomed into crime by older kids to cover bills/rent because they think its their responsibility to step up. Better safeguarding to identify possible cases and help the kid out with therapy/the parent out with better free training to improve their job prospects could go a long way. While I definitely agree with fully legalising weed and definitely lowering the charge for some other drugs it won't make the crime issue go away, the money will still need to be made somewhere. School, change reading lists and educate people more on Britains history with slavery etc and try to do it from a younger age. From what I remember of history at school, which ended in year 9 at the time, we did some kings/queens, WW1/2 and that was pretty much it. One of the reasons black kids get so upset about this is because they have panafrican schools on the weekend where they go to learn about black history and they are angry that its not part of the main syllibus. Obviously these aren't exclusively black issues but it does seem to affect black communities a hell of a lot.
Theres obviously a bit of finger pointing and blaming in that book because he does talk about historical events, but its mostly an autobiography where he talks about things that happened to him that shaped his attitude growing up in London.
Find a sport/exercise you enjoy and just do that, the more you enjoy it the more you will do it. Bonus points if its something that works your whole body like swimming, tennis etc.
you dont have to look at it stop staring at people
stop perving at my chest
which is why I said 'you may not agree'.
omg they made a real place based on the cod map! :O
Like I said to the other guy that book is mostly supposed to be an autobiography on his life in London with some history stuff thrown in throughout.
Yeah, I grew up in Stoke-On-Trent so I know all about going to shit schools, having no opportunities and people living in proper poverty. I knew that when I moved to London I had to try and ditch my accent and avoid conversations about where i'm from because it would hold me way back and I knew that people who were lucky enough to be born in London/Manchester, regardless of race, are at least 20 steps ahead of me when it comes to networking and opportunities, i'm used no one giving a fuck and to getting shouted down and cussed out for talking about it. But, London is a bubble, and within that bubble it seems to be only black kids that are spiralling into this life of stabbings, crime and helplessness so in this case I think it's ok to give them a little extra help at the moment to break that cycle, similar to what happened in Glasgow. The whole argument would be better framed as inner city race problems rather than UK race problems tbh, I think a lot more people would be willing to engage with it that way.
Everyone knows that manchester only had two types of weather, cold rain in winter and warm rain in summer.
Police have spent the last 3 months where most of their job is actively engaging with the public to check where they're going, talk about social distancing etc. They spend their time going in and of cars, peoples houses and other buildings as well as in their offices. There also hasn't been a massive spike in warehouse or royal mail staff catching it either. Its still mainly just carehomes and public transport. The risk is from coming into contact with multiple groups of different people not being in contact with the same group of people multiple times. The furlough scheme is just a fancy way of saying please keep people employed for a little bit. A huge chunk of those people will be losing their jobs and the furlough was basically a cushion because they can't get new jobs during lockdown. For example, my local debenhams reopened yesterday and the furloughed staff came back to find a pile of redundancy letters because they've started closing down departments. The money was given because it was absolutely vital to keep peoples jobs open, it wasn't a present for good behaviour. Its not vital that shelf stackers get a bonus when for the most part their lives have been completely unaffected.
WHY DID HE ONLY NAME ASIAN PEOPLE - People who think the A in BAME means and.
Thats simply not true. End of story.
lmao this was me a few weeks ago, getting roasted by sprouts because I rejoined and hadn't run low level for around 4 years and forgot the way.
Yeah part of that was to send them fines for covid related offenses from what i've read.
You can find them all by searching back through Twitter hashtags. Theres tonnes of videos out there.
Hope they're all getting a cut of the profits.
We need the Pokemon GO summer of 2016 again.
you say 'the right', but a huge chunk of the flag wavers and people who end up having family in the military are working class, who outside of brexit have been solid labour voters.
Good, finally!
our numbers are literally going up in line with the VE day parties and the beach days.
socially right economically left.
Its ok to think that we should have the NHS but also disagree with people taking the piss with it because it costs too much.
I dont think anyone really thinks the statue should have been left there, most people didnt know it existed and the reaction has pretty much been ‘wait, why was there a statue of a slave trader in the first place?’ But we shouldn’t pretend that it was torn down for any reason besides they saw the Americans do it and they wanted their share of the retweets and circle jerks.
its not hateful to worry about finances
Can't lie when i've visited pornhub and see the top trending videos are things like incest, choking, gagging, 'being destroyed by' it grosses me tf out. I've never met a single woman whos actually into any of that but i've met plenty of women who have complained that someone has tried doing it to them. I know it will be searches that drive them to the front page but they should definitely do a better job of moderating what is/isn't allowed to be posted. The ED thing in young men isn't just a porn thing, in the mens advice subs on here/mens advice sites in general its mostly American men, 18-30ish years old, who have been circumcised who come to ask for advice because their dick just flat out doesn't work properly and they can't feel anything if they wear a condom or they can barely keep it up during sex because theres no sensitivity.
v, half bow, spear
From chats in political threads on reddit it seems like they have no idea what the 'special relationship' is at all, its a phrase used exclusively by us.
Netflix but without the US Office meaning its pretty much useless.
Obama literally said we'd be back of the queue behind the EU when it comes to trade deals, no reason for his vice president to think differently.
"The American government has been subverted by thuggery, these pikaninis should be thrown into Bristol harbor forthwith" - Jorris Bonson
The only thing thats changed for the conservative party in the last few months is that their Tory bullshit is now affecting everyone and not just poor people.
When did we start calling them pub gardens instead of beer gardens?
with the VE parties and beach days\*
Manchesters been an absolute nightmare through this whole thing where the police have spent all their time breaking up house parties and BBQs, at this point they might as well hold a coughing contest in picadilly gardens.
Groups of families on the beach people mixing between households and doing the conga people in masks, gloves with hand sanitizer socially distancing wherever possible until they were kettled by police.
stick them in museums and have useful peoples statues in the street.
So rather than fix the issues with tanked ratings and 'no more poi to review' they've decided to just let in a new batch of reviewers. Nice.
F
Its not a ‘belief’ he bought and sold 84,000+ humans into slavery and 19,000 of those humans died on his ships lmao. How is that a normal out of date belief that should still be recognised through monuments. This isnt an oh, well he used to do blackface cause it was allowed at the time and now he’s sorry situation. The modern day comparison is like having a statue for jimmy saville because even though he spent his whole adult life raping children he still did some charity work
Theres a bug with wayfarer that tanks peoples rating to red and stops recording in ingress. My number difference is roughly the amount of agreements i've had since hitting red where I stopped reviewing.
It counts all the reviews we did through Ingress too so its spread over 5 years lol. There are people with 20-30,000 though which is a bit extreme
People could just not interview him then we’d never need to hear his ‘opinions’. Leave him alone long enough and he might actually start tweeting racist things instead of hinting towards it then we can get him banned off the socials too.
Because the laws actually apply there because theres enough police is the short answer. I’ve lived in London and i’ve lived in my midlands hometown and its night and day. All the little things you get away with in towns like parking on double yellows, riding on the pavement, flicking a fag end on the floor etc you get pinched for instantly in the capital because therss police and cameras everywhere, when lockdown happened they were fining people who even walked through the middle of town in London to get to the supermarket my friends were scared to even risk going to the shops because of it so people just stayed at home and ordered delivery. A huge amount of londoners arent from london so they have no option to visit family even if they wanted to, and their friends probably live two tubes away so they couldnt visit and just stayed at home.
Thats what the game is, its win trading without actually saying that its win trading. And thats also why the game is dead. Every area has one side that puts in tonnes of effort to build and field then one side that just smashes and leaves everything grey.
Some people may have gone out to buy a bit of weed but thats it, crime is nowhere near as bad as it appears on the news, London is a really safe place to walk around. Rich/old people don't think the rules apply to them, for the first 2 months of this i didnt see anyone out under the age of about 50, Londoners is much younger and they're usually pretty poor.
No, I dont like him because he amplifies this idea that white working class midlanders/northerners are just slack jawwed hillbilly racists. Which makes me life really annoying.
Not projecting just facts.
JK Rowling - Women have periods Anime picture accounts - U fukin wot m8 thats a hate crime!
No. Her body contains all the components needed to produce an egg and have a period
Her issue is that things that talk about womens bodies and womens issues have been re-worded to 'people who have' to include trans men, she's feels that women are being erased to cater to a tiny tiny minority.
which is also true.
Females are, for the vast vast majority, called women. As most of these things are related to healthcare using ‘women and trans men’ or ‘biological females’ would be more sensible.
its not illegal, its against the guidelines which is why the protests weren't kettled and arrests weren't made/fines weren't given.
I think that date still stands because welsh schools are currently closed and the opening is to get them in line with English schools. I think full school openings have been cancelled across the board.
Thats what a kettle is, close ranks, no violence, keep people in one section and then write them tickets.
He's just protecting his brand to his core age group. People really need to realise that these celebrities don't give a fuck about you they just want your money. His statement doesn't even read like it was written by him its just PR company guff
Because JK Rowling was born as a woman and confirmed to be a woman by doctors. A doctor may say that a trans person has gender dismorphia but they wont say that person has become a biological female
Yeah
Not the same thing
You can still buy phsixal copies from every store that sells physicals. The internet isnt the entire database. Season one is 50p. Knock yourself out and order 100 copies.
I don’t think his opinions are really out of line with most peoples from that time. Unfortunately to win wars your leader needs to be a ruthless bastard.
Why do you think we have to be impartial?
So people aren’t allowed to disagree with you?
If all your stuff gets mass downvoted its safe to assume most of your opinions are wrong.
Just because its an opinion doesnt mean its right. If your opinion goes against fact then it is an incorrect opinion
if you're arguing against a fact, its not a different opinion, its a wrong opinion.
people are downvoting you there because you're not understanding the point. Also, that is an incorrect opinion. People don't weaponise downvotes its just that unlike me they aren't prepared to argue the toss and explain to you why what you're saying is wrong because as you've proved, you really just don't get it.
Literally everything you've just written is incorrect. I've spent enough time trying to explain this to you now lol, print this comment thread off, stick it on your fridge and keep re-reading it till you understand.
just got to get rid of all the glass, branches, litter, joggers, pot holes and sunken grids now and cycle lanes will start to become safe to use.
this isnt a left/right issue, have a day off.
how are any of those things just excuses lmao
Or just don't taze pensioners who are standing at the top of a set of stairs.
print off the whole comment thread, stick it on your fridge and re-read it till you understand.
Read my comment again and realise how much of a ride you're being taken on. These boxes used to be really good but now you're only getting a slight discount.
well that already happened in 2011 with mark dugan, another one I can think of off the top of my head is Rashan Charles, this current incident wasn't hard to find it happened to a very popular British musician (Wretch 32) parent.
sticks a finger up my bum and gives me an electric shock
Being a criminal doesnt = be killed in the street Choked because they pinned him down by his neck so he choked to death
Buying not using coins.
They screw up in pogo constantly and just sweep it under the carept because people just continue spending real money
those were the guys that chased a black kid down and ally and chucked glass bottles at him
Think of it this way, if they add ranked they have a few years of sbmm data to build off now. Team balancing should be perfect.
How?
Just copy and paste it into the comment section we arent fussy :P
The more sensible option would have been to just remove the episodes with papa lazaru in surely And isnt the mighty boosh blackface just the character with the big afro with a door on his head? Swear thats only in one or two episodes
Dont forget to wear your dominic cummings masks
literally nothing that you've written is true.
Because its easier to just let them do it and wipe it off after, they literally said that.
\*tongue click\* noice
The things you listed are all pretty much tied directly to drug taking/drug selling, if some things were legalised and regulated the need to do any of those crimes drastically falls.
I prefer Nigel thornberry tbh
can't lie, southern US accents are definitely the best US accents.
The point is that these boxes used to contain a full set of 4 paid items. Then they got popular, now they contain 3 paid items and 1 set of free items.
Pretty true tbh. Deleting facebook is one of the best things i’ve ever done for my mental health. The human brain isn’t built to handle the entire worlds problems in one go.
The only people who have flags in their front garden are the mongs that think its been banned because it offends muslims. The English flag during my lifetime has been used almost exclusively to represent stuff like the EDL, The BNP, Brexit and all of that absolute bollocks.
As a white working class man I’ve never been discriminated against for my race, and neither have you. Its not really a thing. There is a class issue in the UK though, everyone knows that if you move to a city from northern/midlands towns especially to somewhere like london you have to try to ditch/tone down your accent to get by at work and try to avoid conversations about where you’re from, especially if that place voted for Brexit. Every northerner I know down here has an in london/work accent and their actual accent for use in private.
Nah nothing compliments the smell of burnt salty pork and entitlement.
Yep I always have condoms, you never know when you might get laid/need to defend your honour in a water balloon fight. You should see any man that doesn't as a HUGE red flag. From a health POV, the way they view women and their lack of personal responsibility. They are all expecting sex they just want to bang you bare back. Also, don't ever believe/go along with guys who say they can't feel anything with a condom, their erectile disfunction isn't your problem. Always buy the regular branded (durex, skyn, trojen etc) they are fine for 99% of guys.
Personally I dont care, its not my cause I just like abusing racists for sport
Theres no real need for the rule anymore if people wear masks. Matt hancock even said if you’re standing side by side not facing eachother the risk drops massively so masks as a barrier solves like 99% of the problem.
First reveal is a 7 year old game that launched on the PS3, this gen is chalked
TAKE ALL MY MONEY
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee muh incel identity
yeah pokegenie or rooted/jailbroken iphone
Think of it like the motorway, the speed limit is 70 because everyone fucks around and drives at 80, if the speed limit was 80 everyone would do 90. The distance is 2m because everyone will stand at 1m, if it was 1m everyone would stand shoulder to shoulder.
It has his and his families bodies underneath. Its technically a tomb.
Xbox 360s anime evil twin
It started out as support for US protestors. The people supporting this part really drowned out the rest. The core of the movement want open discussions over here about racial profiling/stop and search and the police's aggressive approach to policing black people. They want the case of Shukri Abdi in Manchester to be opened up because it was brushed under the carpet as an accident, they want death by police incidents, Mark Duggan/Rashan Charles etc to be re-investigated. They want justice for the windrush generation and they want the people from Grenfell tower to actually be rehomed/compensated because from what I understand a tonne of them are still living in hotels and stuff. A lot of the stuff with TV shows and statues are where the message seems to have been hijacked by the media/EDL types making stuff up as they go along.
dont worry you're now allowed to take your nan to alton towers and ride oblivion with her, can't hug her after though.
London is economically Labour but it you've ever been to a working class whiter area in Zone 4/5/6/Hertfordshire you'll know a lot of Londoners definitely lean right socially.
According to Wiki theres about 1,845,614 black people in England and over a million of them live in Just London. Scotland/Wales/Northern Ireland have less than 1% black population From what I read in Akalas book black people go to pan african saturday schools to learn black history, maybe we could give them more funding for bigger classrooms and have them as after school clubs rather than saturday things to encourage more people to get involved.
they are stopping schools opening based on the scientific evidence that its unsafe to do so.
We all simp for Lottie its ok
After the playstation reveal xbox could literally shit in my hands and still win lol
She shouldn't make anything she's written so far more inclusive. There is no reason to go back and retroactively change the existing stories. I especially don't think that things from the 90's/early 00's should be altered because even though it wasn't too long ago it was pre-social media and I can tell you from experience that attitudes and demographics were extremely different to how they are now. The most important thing to realise here is those books was written for a British audience and was mostly based in a mountain in Scotland. It can't/shouldn't be altered to pander to the whole worlds issues. Also remember that if you want every book to 'accurately' represent the real world, section 28 was in action during the time period Harry Potter was set in so the teachers legally wouldn't have been allowed to be openly gay at work anyway, The Ministry of Magic works in collaboration with the British parliment and wizards live amongst muggles. She didn't retroactively make him gay she just confirmed that he was. Finally, you can't force other people to alter their art, music, books, shows to make them 'inclusive'. If she started writing books with tonnes of gay characters people would complain that she's not gay so she doesn't know what she's talking about. Minority groups should write their own stories instead of trying to piggyback stuff thats already been written, what JK could/should do is then use her influence to help those books get promoted to a wider audience.
I think the console looks pretty cool but in a world where everything is getting more compact making an oddly shaped massive console that won't fit anywhere is a bad move lol. The problem with the reveal is you could watch the whole thing on 480p instead of HD and pretend it was a PS2 reveal. Nothing really new special or exciting to me. To be fair though, I've never really been into the playstation exclusive adventure games.
yikes
I would give both my legs to have GTA3/VC/SA ported to the switch
I gave up being annoyed by it, if Niantic don't care, I don't care.
Light mode screenshots should have a warning on them its 1am and im being flashbanged
I saw philosophers stone 6 times at the cinema when I was a kid. I was obsessed haha
When this all started kicking off, way before lockdown, I had friends who are nurses texting round our friend groups telling us to avoid hospitals at all costs because it was just running wild through all the wards.
Someone should paint the box to make it look like a fridge
Those things have been round for years, it isn’t a hit list its there so people can conact their local councils to sort it out.
Nahhhhh
The Colston statue went down because people have been signing petitions and calling for its removal for decades and this was an opportunity for them to finally get rid of it. If they're gaining popularity thats a good thing because councils will look at them and make the decision
blm didnt actually attack the churchill statue, it was some middle aged white woman there was pics floating round of her doing it, either way it was never meant to go any further than a bit of paint. There is no threat of violence the move is to email councillers until they talk about it. Most of the hysteria has come from local news outlets grabbing the ball and running with it, e.g. the scout leader statue, removing TV shows etc. Some of the statues that have been 'attacked' are obvious false flags because they aren't on the list and the satue commemorates people who didnt even know black people existed. Where the 'right wing' attack has been to smash karl marx grave with a hammer, and pour bleach over the statue of a black guy simply because he was black.
The actual name for the first harry potter book. It was changed to sorcerers stone for NA because publishers didnt think Americans would understand it.
Most people wrote them off years ago so they're just in an echo chamber of hate. These are the same guys you'll see at football matches making monkey noises and chucking things at the black players.
We really don't want the PC comp community in COD. PC sports fans/PC comp communities are hands down the absolute worst thing about esports.
I voted for remain, voted Labour and then came on here and got called scum and a nazi for saying we should listen to what leavers have to say by cultists lmao
Nope, I have literally zero reason to lie, why would I need clout from internet strangers? lol
They were there specifically to stop people going near memorials. Thats what the whole day was for and he used one as a toilet.
Well there was groups of vets and army types who were peaceful and ‘guarding’ the statues all day. Its just that they were the minority and the mongs were the majority. He was still there under the guise of guarding monuments and he still pissed up the side of one.
Prove that its had a negative effect.
They really need to drop the kneeling thing and bring the movement back round to the British issues they’re trying to fix. Need to drop all the American gestures and messaging
Not my cause and I don’t really care. But the average joe who doesnt crawl reddit all day has absolutely no idea why they’re even marching lol
This really isn’t the hot take you think it is chief. I’m not complaining at all.
I thought crim was his rival lol
My guess is they heard there was a blm protest in hyde park, got there to find it empty and just picked on the first people they could find.
Wait you mean Matt Hancock isn’t the prime minister?
Actually she screaming cat lives matter. Shes a DERF (dog exclusionary radical feline)
You can do whatever tf you want as long as it doesnt affect anyone else. Thats how the rest of us live.
Except all the people telling you it will affect them negatively
ffs. Another notch phone. Looks like my iphone 8+ is staying in my pocket for another year.
Fuck yeah, got every games console, all my pokemon cards, I still buy all my music on CD
They were all over twitter at the beginning of this on the official accounts giving everyone snarky comments about how its impossible to social distance/wear masks/wear gloves for them while they're walking round. Even had a few of them on here kicking off about it too, they genuinely think they're completely immune to it.
It really is this simple: More people wearing masks gives more people confidence to go out without worrying about catching covid. More people going out = we get back to normal quicker. People in cities will walk round with 2 hoodies and a puffer jacket on in the middle of July and then fucking whine that they're too hot with a face mask on.
They absolutely definitely will. Once we open up fully we'll see the same videos that we see from America of people spitting and coughing on eachother.
lmao. But to be fair, does it really count as a win if no ones watching?
https://youtu.be/dhJbh5aVFR8 Finals crowd without Huntsman there
People just click random reasons so they dont have to type in the criteria box is the answer. Unfortunately, subs like this/the wayfarer forum has spawned a large number of gatekeeper groups who police what gets accepted and what doesn't. Theres even a few who have openly admitted to having discords with 100+ people in who black list certain things/certain areas.
They update these randomly with no warning to prevent abuse. People worked out that OSM terrain data was how they decided pokemon go spawms/XM etc
This is photoshopped no one plays valorant
Jimmy Saville is probably the UK's worst. He had access to childrens hospitals and everything where he used to abuse kids, he held so much power within the media industry and donated so much money to charity he never got punished for it and they basically covered it up for him.
Still smarter than the average twitch streamer
Because they were surrounded by camera crews they probably didnt want to be filmed lol
Hobby-wise my life has been exactly the same during lockdown. I'm a cyclist which is the lockdown cheatcode hobby, i've been out and about the whole time (socially distancing) and no one has ever stopped me or questioned why i'm out at all, i've barely been locked away at all. Also without the option to buy greggs, costa, maccies and beer i'm WAY healthier.
We don't have a vaccine but we do have this which is a good sign, [https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-53061281](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-53061281)
Both of those doing a Call of Duty update at the same time could launch a Space X rocket into orbit.
If R\* would port GTA3/VC/SA to switch I would forgive them for all their BS
yeah welcome to the world of digital only games. Letting physical die will be the worst thing to ever happen to gaming lol. Physical in the UK is £6 on XBO and £2 on 360 which is like $7.50 and $2.50
Competetive COD sub not competetive virtue signalling.
View it the same way as animal crossing, super chilled out game to just kick back and take pictures of pokemon
No evidence you cant catch it again or pass it on tbf
Dont forget the racists piss up party too
No, lets not lmao. There has been idiots on both sides, I just noticed that you’d intentionally missed one of those sides out so I thought i’d help you remember that there was a huge racist gathering the week after the blm protests.
I dont think it will be delayed, I think BO BR is supposed to be an evolution of warzones current map/design. Season 4 was delayed meaning new BO announcements were delayed. I think that BO:BR will release before BO:MP so they’re just delaying it all a bit.
Short answer is yes Its ‘sustainable’ because the doctors have decided we’ll just have to take it on the chin and accept not being able to work.
It was the doctors who said it.
Doctors blurted it out during briefings. Politicians arent going to disagree with a get out of jail free card for them.
Those threads usually pop up so much because Youtubers use them for cheap video content tbh. They probably spam the threads themselves to bump them up a bit.
People will post about the things that affect them, its not some big conspiracy.
Pokemon snap AND skate 4, 2020 best year ever and its not even close!
Im a millenial i’ve lived through at least 5 apocalypse years now lol. I just wanna do kickflips and take pictures of pikachus all day
the postboxes in the guidance means the ones at the end of peoples drives in america
It literally almost killed the series. If another BOTG game had come out straight after instead of AW we probably wouldn't be playing COD right now lol
I'm guessing this is purely a handheld port. Overwatch is unplayable docked and Fortnite can just about manage it, Apex will be way too heavy for a docked switch.
You’re supposed to do the best you can, isolate in your room, no physical contact with other members of the house and just keep your distance
Why are you stalking other posters? The entire point of the sub is to try and collate all the information we’re getting and highlight unusual/relevent information, the fact that this poster has chosen a specific subject to focus on is actually really useful.
And every time something gets posted about schools it seems to be you in the comments having a dig at teachers. You just dont seem to want to face the reality that these stories are happening.
Why would i go back through your comments and do that for you lmao.
sure ;)
well thats just simply not true. I wasn't trying to start a debate, i'm explaining to you that you're reviewing incorrectly and earning yourself bad ratings when you could easily just not.
no its a competetive game, think of it like playing capture the flag, splatoon, age of empires/starcraft etc. Its about controlling as much area as possible and then defending it.
Thats why you use comms and/or get friends ;). Teamwork makes the dream work
That stuff was expected but most people still just rocked up to work full of cold until they got sent home, sneeze into their hands then not wash them etc. I reckon pubs and social distancing will end at the same time (july) because the second people have a beer the whole thing is over. Definitely wont be any events/gigs etc till next year though. Got to see how winter pans out.
When I think back about school I wish we could have ditched cooking and have a more science type lesson on proper nutrition/hydration/healthy weight loss etc. There was never enough time in cooking to actually properly cook anything and I think actually understanding food would help with obesity, eating disorders and body image issues.
fuck K/Ds its all about the win! catch me on every objective carrying the points
The average age of gamers is like 30-31 years old. Adults dont want a giant space ship thing in their living rooms lol
People refuse to stay in the UK, they will either spend their money in spain/greece or have a massive hissy fit about not getting a holiday lol
Lots of demand, not enough of properties. I've viewed rooms to rent where people have walked in and signed for a room without even looking at it, thats how high the demand is. They have no reason for them to even try. I don't know a single person who has had a good landlord who hasn't tried to scam them out of money/refused to fix things that are broken.
Linkedin is just one big circle jerk for people who have no life outside of their jobs. Its also a place where companies feel like they have the right to force you to post loads of positive things about their company/your job in your spare time which i find extremely weird.
I moved to North london as an adult but grew up in the midlands, spent a lot of time in Manc and have relatives/friends living there who I regularly visit. You will get a LOT more more for your money in Manc. If you live somewhere a little further (20 ish mins) out of the centre you can get a nice 1-2 bed flat for between £600-900pm, in the centre you're looking at about £900-1200 for the same thing. The centre has most things that you'd want from a city, but it doesn't feel like a city if that makes sense because its pretty small, its just like a massive town centre. Driving there is worse than London imo because the roads simply aren't big enough, but the tram is cheap and good. The weather is always shit, literally 9/10 times you leave the house it will be raining. You can expect warm rain in summer, cold rain in winter and roughly 3 days of sun (broken up by bursts of rain) per year. Peoples attitude I find is similar to London but a lot less stressed because theres like 8.5 million less people in manc. I think if I moved to manc i'd be pretty happy there as I get older and go out less, your quality of life will be much higher, my main problem is that it just isn't London, doesn't have the same vibe, doesn't have the same proper city feel and I don't think it would satisfy my need for city life.
You become the gym leader everytime you cap a gym in pokemon go
I think its more that we just notice it more after 3 months of no arseholes. Same with pollution levels, car noise etc. We’re not even back to normal levels yet either.
WE HATE FACTS WE JUST WANT HAPPY NEWS!
I havent even given an opinion yet. I just listed facts.
We’re talking about the uk, we arent in America and what happens there shouldn’t affect us.
I said shouldn’t not doesn’t.
Family Guy/American Dad
Where in the UK are you from?
I didn't even know it existed but I usually stick to masturbation/home made type female led videos on there anyway because all the violence, choking, incest and stuff is fucking gross lol
Even when I was a new healer I loved this. Its way easier to heal 1 big mob than heal small ones and have DPS randomly pulling stuff because they want to go faster.
they're both total ass lol, rick and morty too.
its stoner humor for people who get tricked into buying a bag of leaves instead of weed lol
Its not a lie? I’ve seen that comment a tonne of times when the inbetweeners comes up
Someone crashed into me from behind wasnt my fault lol
Ah so you’re a broke bitch, explains why you’re so angry.
Maguras were shit in 2003 when I first started riding trials, they'll never change lol
I agree. My favourite browser but unfortunately apple pulled support from windows so i have to use chrome.
top 5 US shows would be Breaking Bad The Sopranos South Park US Office Curb your Enthusiasm
Looks pretty cool tbh definitely going to try it
Chuck a pineapple slice on him he’s gone full gammon
Keep facebook as far away as possible
Imagine being this mad that we’re getting a free to play cross platform pokemon themed full fat moba game lmao.
Its a bit shit because you’ve run out of bullets lol.
Any deeper conversation than the weather and most people will be pissed off. As a country we hate each other and dont actually want to talk lol
4th July*
Its an easy report as abuse from me. Hate seeing these/obvious house portals
The big one will be the decision over Intu today, if that goes belly up then town centres are officially dead.
yeah rainbow XM is really nice
walk into any place I find interesting and have a look around, everyones walked past somewhere and thought 'I wonder what its like in there.' I'd use my time to go in and find out
Realistically I think Westfield will have their eye on the bigger/profitable centres so Trafford Centre should be fine.
At my current age (31) i'm totally fine with it. My only issue is that if I went into hospital with a serious injury and they have 10 people who need organs, they may just let me die to harvest for spare parts lol
We get it, you don’t like black people. Go post in an EDL forum.
Its just crime, not ‘black on black’ crime same as there isn’t ‘white on white’ crime. That phrase is used pretty much exclusively to be racist. There was tonnes of reporting on all the BLM protests, you’ve obviously not been watching the news, reading the paper or checking social media channels. ‘I’m not racist, i’ve got a black mate’ is literally the weakest argument against someone saying you’re racist lmao. Your neighbours are just being polite. They think you’re a racist too.
Keep telling yourself that chief ;)
Can't lie the littering is really starting to get to me, I live on the edge of the countryside and every beauty spot near me has been completely trashed.
NTA - Be thankful you didn't get married, it sounds like you've had a very lucky escape.
Thats not really unusual, if you were to move somewhere you needed a room mate you'd usually move in without even knowing them lol
Can't lie, i've finally been caught by the SBMM trap and I have to sweat my ass off to even go positive now so I can't wait for Treyarch lol
NTA- People wanting their parents to be this involved with their sex life is really weird.
no u
NTA- But Jane isn't either and you should apologise to her and clear the air. If she takes the apology on board and backs off you will be fine, if she doesn't then you have a free excuse to cut her off completely. Your friends are the assholes here and its very likely that they've convinced Jane that if she just keeps trying then you will soften up and give her a chance. (Not just for this date, probably all along)
It is, we already left the EU
if the genders were reversed the females of the friend group would knock it on the head real quick and tell the guy to stop it.
did you see what the make was? Never seen anything like that before it might be a completely custom build
Not really they can do it however they want
Locking down a fairly big but completely unimportant city sounds like a good way to make people start to behave again tbh.
tbh i'd rather take my chances with it now. I was travelling all over the place up until the day of lockdown on public transport, mostly around London which was ground zero and I didn't catch it.
Yeah i've been hit by a car, still cross the road though. I take the necessary personal precautions like mask/hand washing/sanitiser(which I already did pre-pandemic anyway), most places I visit will have all their own safety measures, Huge chunk of the population was allowed to work through the whole lockdown and the curve is flattened and rapidly on the way down. The risk is tiny so it really isn't worth putting life on hold any longer. I feel zero guilt about maybe catching it and passing it on because literally every person who chooses to leave the house is taking the exact same risk.
Now that most of the places I used to visit have take out/delivery I have no reason to go to restaurants anymore, its not that i'd feel unsafe i'd just much prefer to eat at home because its much cheaper and compfier.
Cinemas were already in arguments with studios because certain major studios wanted to release all their new films to buy in shops/streaming at the same time they hit cinema. Next year is going to be the real pain year when theres no films ready to be released at all. America is well on the way to another lockdown so no one will be shooting.
Remember when they bought in the 5p carrier bag charge, there was almost riots lol. I remember we did used to have it for glass bottles, Buy a bottle of limeade from the chippy, take the bottle back for a 10/20p refund. That was like 15 years ago though.
I've seen it happening in Copenhagen. I went there on holiday and homeless people actually asked me to save my drinks can/bottle for them when i'd finished. That entire city was spotless.
why not?
also its a london thing lol, source: Tracer
14 is the best final fantasy, fight me
no the new rules say you can act as though you live in that household with no social distancing, his household is his room because thats what he's renting. The kitchen/bathroom are just a shared area.
The SJWs hate jk rowling she wont be pandering to them anymore
They will constantly reference your race/ethnicity using generic terms like white/brown chocolate etc
Saying you dont like the president isnt hate speech. Freedom of speech doesnt mean freedom from consequences. Say what you want in public but private companies dont have to put up with your shit.
None of that is shitting on you. You’ve never had the right to use other peoples platforms for your own ‘freedom of speech’ you can however make your own website and say what you want on there. Freedom of speech stops you being arrested, it doesn’t mean anyone has to listen to you.
Im not giving opinions, im stating facts. I’m explaining to you how rhe world works because you seem to think peoples rights are being taken away, which they aren’t. Each platform is made by a private company. If that company decides they dont want you they can kick you out, TOS violation or not. On reddit, a mod can just ban you if they want, no need for a reason. Like I said, just because you say something doesn’t mean anyone has to listen.
Micro transactions dont really bother me, Most of the games I play have them but I never buy them. Its annoying clicking though all the ads for them though. I just cant understand the point in buying glam. The entire point of glam/camos is so you can flex your in game achievements on people.
