Random question.... but does any9ne have a link or know what the devs priority list are for f18 content implementation? Like last update we got jhmcs... next content update is datalink
U sound like a biased white knight for crimson desert... too bad we all lnow that its ogre fest...
Yea the first month of openworld was rich with pvp... made billions with my guild just straight up pvping in opednworld.. now i heard its a wasteland..
random question, any chance data link for the hornet is in the works or there are other priority on the list?
well i do have plans to joining a nw/siege guild and i do spend most of my time 1v1'n in BA than grinding lol.. thing is, i feel like ninja has way more fun to play aspects because of their kit.. but im worried as a ninja, im stuck doing non high end spots like hysteria/aakman and have to sit at crescents if i do want to grind for money outside of life skill
What do yo use?
thats a bit vague, also time frame that long might indicate its just limited time you can play..
is this all about tactics like MoW assault squad 2? or more about micro managing resources and out "farming" your enemy?
remindme! 3 hours
By order of the fookin peaky blinders
BRING BACK OLD ARTHUR!!
shit what happen? i completely forgot... ( yes i watched all the seasons, so spoilers are welcome.. its just been so long )
Its good.. got its own twists to keep you entertained
Is this a reference to the tv show the left overs?
Sadly..Some people are uptight about the whys and why not
solved! thanks to the stranger in discord, he told me i needed to sign up for the NDA, which i didnt even knew i had to do ll
Heard its just gvg nowadays... no more open world zvz unless its for gvg
Keen on trying this but gameplay looks like a browser game back in the 2006s lol
This game isnt sandbox lmaoo.. all u do is grind at different spots till u get rng lucky then once u get better gear u move to the next grind spot...
So this all cool n all but ir server size is 100 players per server.... good luck interacting with anyone lol
i dont but rihgt now its sitting at 93gb with fc3,m2k,f18,desertmap,uh-1
Then play pve server cuz this is ur only option if ur trying to pvp on ur own time... its not happen sry
Forgot to mention its still p2w.. but just cost less than retail lol
Ark fed my cravings.. maybe it will for you too
What if these flying mounts are just npc and cant be tamed to ride?
That'll be dope! But pls no wyverns that can be tame
Dude no game is ever balance... lol
yea and how many plots/farm u have to get there? how many left for people who just started ? if trying to defend archrage not being p2w, ur just making urself look stupid
Do u just expect these devs got money to not need public fundings to skip ea and go full release? Do you even give a slight thought on what you say before pressing enter on that keyboard?
Is season 2 out somewhere? Im hooked on this show!!
so quick fix... while i re cleaning my kb, i notice there was a strand of hair that got inside my q key.. pulled that sucker out and now its working again!!
eve was more a google doc simulator, tbh
So wait just like that new porn site where it would let you choose how you wana go about into the scene.. which sex position...etc?
when you say burning the coil, do you also run them through ur sink fosit afterwards or just let them cool down before rewicking them?
New world is a survival game not mmorpg... stop spreading this pls
i hate the fact that a choice i make could just end the movie... and have to restart back to a "checkpoint" was hoping more of, i can pick w/e the fuck im feeling and get an ending...
i hate the fact that a choice i make could just end the movie... and have to restart back to a "checkpoint" was hoping more of, i can pick w/e the fuck im feeling and get an ending... also i didnt know this, i thought this movie was season 5 lmao.. thank god!
maybe im just new to the genre, but theres also this other movie called Late Shift, its also lets you select your path, and gives you a solid ending without having to go back to a checkpoint..
+1 on that tactical drawer !
Ssigb me up!
i can see this happening... in 2040...
Their using discord for patch notee and other related forum stuff..
i feel like bms being a well polished game, with having high demand wanted feature in dcs.. will just only spoil me and maybe ruin my dcs enjoyment? i've been tempted for so long... luckily im broke to even spend $10 lol
new player to db, heres my 2cents - love the faction guild, basically it automatically joins u into a guild for ur faction.. for horde side, its fuckin chill and funny at times.. also lots of people there helping newbies - first impression of gms, a bunch too harsh on decision... there was this time when the whole server chat ( wordl chat ) was doing the ritual WoW Anal [enter skill name] and apparently someone got perm banned for starting it, while the rest gets 1 hour chat ban.. - leveling, its been pretty lively.. getting some wpvp while questing is always a blast. riding zepplin is pretty dead though.. sometiems u see another guy but ur mostly solo riding..
well atleast there wont be any major feature breaking bugs.. things will be more polished at next patch... or atleast thats what i hope for after seeing them put hornet stuff to a monthly thing
as a new player to wotlk, i had either warmane or db for my first server.. i choice db solely because its 2month old server.. fresh servers are always a lively experience and warmane is p2w lol..
how old is lordaeron?
Never dislike a single ep. Till i watched this.. very underwhelming..
Yea
i like ESO combat, animation cancel, requiring to be on your toes at fights, being able to 1vX if you manage ur cds well.. its not as heavy of a rock paper scissor game like these other games... also being able to build how you want and make it work is very a nice touch to it. actively swapping bars/weapons was very fun for me.. but i do agree, some specs feels clunky... but others are amazing, like stamsorc for instance.. if you ever pvp in stamsorc.. you would know how crazy fun this build is due to having high mobility and good dmg with self sustain. if your a guy moving from a tab target game to action combat, i would recommend to tryout GW2.. it feels more polish than eso combat and also still has a bit of tab target mix within their action combat.
GW2 over ESO, BUt one thing ESO did perfectly ( atleast for me ) was their castle siege.. it feels fuckin immersive... compared to gw2 its childs play.
wotlk &gt; vanilla change my mind
no shit.
or just has a different taste than you lol...
in terms of having alot of kits at disposal aka tools to play with.. which class has more of being able to use different abilities to play against enemies ? more ways to kill an enemy instead of doing the same rotation over n over..
i heard prot war can live for ever but also kill nobody lol
Not really interested on dmg comparison.. more interested in the kits/toys.. how many ways can i kill the same person.. outplay potential.. mechanics..etc
on dragonblight
Charge pathing feels Smooth. No issues for me there..
who has more active/fast paced incombat skill usage, dk or arms warrior?
who has more active/fast paced incombat skill usage, dk or arms warrior?
i thought this will weigh in but tbh they both have their own style of gap closing.. DK has deathgrip.. more versatile since u can grip enemy on hills while sometimes you cant charge on hill while charge on the other hand provides gtfo moment were u can charge into a low hp guy kill him and create space between the guys attacking u who has more active/fast paced incombat skill usage, dk or arms warrior?
can u give example? i keep hearing the opposite, warr provides alot of ways to pvp while dk is more of a 1 rotation kill em all style.. like what this guy said " The multitude of different charge and snare types " compared to dk just grippin someone on a high cd
pretty much sums up my opinion on season 5... " something like that... "
If its appealing to you, then def! but just know this doesn't have alot of cool system like f18.. for example, your manually dropping bombs.. literally by knowledge of AoA, dive angle, position,etc it only has 1 missile and that is a heat signature missile called sidewinders, very short range and can only carry 2 of these.
i dont think that will be a factor anymore, in todays gaming community.. their mind set is to rush to endgame to start the real grind... its not like the old days were people sits on level brackets for long weeks ( unless ur a busy irl man ) to do other things in game like go to towwn, chat with people, play mini games, etc ( like maplestory back then ) specially with the games that have recently released such as bdo,archeage... these korean grind makes WoW grinding a piece of cake walk..
theres one for military jets,heli called Digital combat simulator.. basically its this but u get to blow shit up
theres one for military jets,heli called Digital combat simulator.. basically its this but u get to blow shit up
If you played arma 3, think of their jets,helis but multiply that by 1000. DCS heavily focus on jets, their system, how they fly, everything! after flying dcs then hoppin back into arma 3.. it made arma 3 flying feels like gta lol
Ah ok ty. Just curious about endgame pvp.. does mm provide more outplay potential than bm? I heard bm is best spec for 1v1/open world content ganking..getting gankes..efc And which spec is least gear dependant bm or mm? How much outplay potential does hunter have?( ie. Warrior disarm.. mage nova.. etc ) As for leveling do i just stick with 1 pet till 80 ? Looking for a pet to get me there faster.. or is tenacity pet with volley shot the way to go?
still dowwn for me, anyone else?
in dcs or.... ?
yep and also head gm veto seems to be a snowflake.. muting my friend for having a banter/talkin shit with another guy in community horde guild chat
so if i want pvp i need to play on p2w server?
oh gawd, now i have to learn wtf these hand signal means!!
i like animation cancelling, adds that "depth" ceiling.. i know some old people hate it because it hurts their fingers
like i said, it adds depth to avg/casual pvpers to semi/hardcore pvpers.. i mean if all you do is read lore and quest, yea i guess i can see why people would dislike it... but it made my pvp gameplay x10 better when i learned how to animation cancel... though ur last point is just basically what normal pvp is lol.. trying to outplay and rethink strategy... which can also be used and enchance with animation cancelling
another great addon! ty!! any chance do u have a compile list of addons u made?
Mop best pvp xpac!! Was excited till i saw only 300 people play lol..
Whats playerbase?
Isnt warmane p2w?
theres a gay section in pornhub my dude
ii just check store, u can legit buy shadowmourne lol
Is this server populated?
https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=1727024996
can i poison myself if im heating up these SS coils in a wrong way? say, i just try to even an even glow as if its a fresh kanthal coil ?
thanks for atleast giving the company name, sometimes people post sort of this stuff and dont post the company name... like wtf.
Hows the pvp population?
funny thing is, no matter how blatant stupid you make urself look with how much bullshit you pulled out of ur ass for that reply.. they will never remove animation cancelling in eso!
i wish ED would make this an official module for multiplayer..
cold war servers arent populated weekly.. though they got a good amount of players during the weekend.. i feel like this is due to how bad dcs spotting is. i know some people fly CW era modules in modern server.. so if your up for the challenge, go for it!!
thats what we said with riot removing graves from bot lane and only making him optimal as a jger -.-
f18c hands down! sole reason is, since you already experience the simplicity system of the f15c platform, for a2a.. it will be BANG for BUCK!! Once you find out all these other crazy things f18 offers in a2a environment... not only that, you can also play with some a2g with a variety of different armaments! but cmon.. you know ur gna get the a10c later.. so just get the f18c now and when ur bored of it.. get the a10c while waitin for new features on the f18c ;)
its pointless talking to someone who doesnt know what the fuck his talking about. ur the type of playerbase ESO caters to, and thats why eso pvp never gotten better... fucking filthy casuals..
does anyone here uses HDD and play on this server? onme thing i remember back in first few beta rounds is the loading time was crazy.. has that been improved? or should still expect long load time since it is a pve server while loading in say buddyspike pg, the time to get in was fine..
archeage, bdo.. all ruined by p2w.. then theres WoW, its tab target but it has that fluid feel to the action combat games i enjoy. any news when LA is coming to NA?
actually back then, started off pserver made me appreciate live/official server even more..
Is it me of does zion have no 2 parts to his arm...
Whats the next best thing from a frost mage? In terms of having the ability to solo instances for gold, solid pvp class that has alot of outplay to come out of top in 1vx... is it hunter?
any chance u own the t1600k and tws? is the x56 an upgrade hotas or downupgrade?
https://www.amazon.com/ThrustMaster-2960778-Thrustmaster-T16000M-HOTAS/dp/B01KCHPRXA funny u say " a poor mans hotas " because this hotas is exactly that lol.. one thing i love about this tho is the sensor on the stick is the same with the warthog !
get the f18, u wont regret it! this module has it all! u will never get bored! looking for complex system? yep! want big boom? u got it!! wana shred some enemy cap? go have it! wana land on carriers? its there!
Hows queue timer for bgs and 2s?
will also recommend this guy, https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3VY4ObSBiPjHJ9Z5NJ1sAw/videos his series video guide on how the f15c radar works, is amazing.. it finally clicked with me after watching him
Can the f16 carry more multi role armament in 1 sortie? Ik the f18 can carrg 2x 120 and 9x.. with 4 mavs and 1 center bag.. Is this the same for the f16 but instead of 4 mavs.. they can carry 6?
Is configuring bms as easy as dcs?
I believe its due to the fact that a lot of ed resources is all drawn to making MAC Maybe the reason aswell for these pass patch delays.. new patch new game breaking bug that seems to come with every patch recently...
Is the mi 8 worth if i wanna do more than just transport? Say make it as an attack heli
but if u enjoy the engine on dcs, i would say give it a go... coming from dcs to il2... i thought dcs spotting was bad but... il2 is on another level... people can sneak pass u due to the whole out of sight fog of war b.s that really made me not wana touch il2 again.. but il2 does have a larger community when it comes to ww2
Layering will only solve the downtime and loooong queues for certain quest objectives.. but outside of that.. i dont support it at all
Know any populated pvp servers for NA time zone?
I just started playing in db.. with the mindset of spamming bg and arenas... whats wrong with their pvp scene?
I hear the opposite.. bg queues and 2s are fast.. 3s not so much though.. talked to my guildie who i met cuz he was spamming world chat looking for partner fpr 2s..
As a new player aswell.. i can only speak from expierence 1. Head gm is a big tucking snowflake... there was this moment were world chat was nonstop getting spammed anal [ SKILL ].. the head gm perm banned the guy that starter it and gave everyone else 1 hour mute.. 2. Lack of moderator.. some random kid posted 2 dudes with their dicks out and the photo remained in the player helping channel for more than an hour.. 3. Lots of friendly players.. chat may seem toxic but if u ask question they will help you
is it me or does that look like the viggen without the cockpit fins
you have more toys to play with in the viggen
How bout 5 hours a day from 70 to 80.. how long will that take?
when is it time to replace a working battery ? i've been using these 2 on my single battery regulated mod for rougly 3-4 years now.. ( maybe more? ) they are lg hg 2 ( the brown ones )
the only right guild is the community ones! all these other guild ( horde ) have dead chat lol.. always coming back to the community horde.
yea honestly i notice pop is dying too.. u know any other high pop server beside p2w warmane?
only reason why i dont wana go to warmane is due to the p2w.. everyone with smournes ;( and apparently after looking around.. db is the only thing that comes close to a high pop server... all these under are below 500s
any video gameplay or cockpit screenshots?
no it is
dragonblight?
closest thing to this is shadowunitframes
dragon blight is hosting their double exp for the whole week! wotlk 3.0.3 content but 3.3.5 talent/skills
Ashley Aoki - Sensual Breastplay
Moms Tough Love - Blonde big tits mif stepmom and teen fingering lesbian
i feel like those wouild get more attention if dcs spotting wasnt so shit in cold war server and older era module servers.....
one day i hope to see full out 100+ player servers and able to play with 60 fps
how do you manage to play only 1 champ throughout the entire journey/climb ? What is it that draws you to Garen so much that it never bores you?
It seems i worded what i asked poorly, basically i have a single battery mod ( pulse bf 80w ) and i've been using the 2 same batteries for years now.
When you say discharge you mean when it depletes faster than what im use to?
wats ur guild name
hjow hard does this hit ur fps in multiplayer?
she a pornstar?
while people here upselling their alien coils for $20 a pair lmao.. "high quality" is their reasoning....
ik im talking about if theres any category on what she did during the time stamp
My Super Hot Stepmom-maid - HQporner.com
my friend was a victim of this, he got his internet service suspended for 2 days because he got caught pirating games,etc when using the torrent. Last i recall, this was his final warning before they are force to black list him from their company/isp. if op is concerned, try using one of the directlinks here https://www.dkpminus.com/blog/wow-3-3-5a-download-wrath-of-the-lich-king-client/ seems like it only goes up to cata client for dl links
Whats peak hours for you? Cuz northrend was lively when i was leveling there 2 days ago...
still crossrealm pvp so ur still fighting against smournes credit card warriors
cuz bdo is nothing but grind this 1 spot for 1 year to get decent gear. theres no content in bdo their combat.
not even.. the sole reason why people hate bdo beside the p2w topic is because bdo has no content outside of its combat.. theres only nw/siege thats it.
and ur not really over exaggerating by the gear grind.. ur legit camping 1 spot for weeks, maybe even months ( if ur rng is bad ) just to + ur gear.... the one true major flaw i see for bdo is its content... aside from nw/siege.. what is there else to do? bdo is carried by its amazing combat system but looking outside of it.. theres nothing else.
Train boy.. wear different train numbers/letters and spout random shit everytime in hallways
Whens the last time you were at home playing games without internet connection? edit : im not for this at all, it just came to my mind that.. sure 1-2days out of a whole year i will have no internet.. its not a huge factor to my gaming life..
if im a pvper, what realm should i play on? hows NA queue timers? im in NA and mostly play during evening hours
are there any ww2 servers that uses dots to spot? knowing how bad dcs spotting is.. cant iamgine how frustrating spotting will be in one of these planes
jax vs baron ?
true.. im horde and NA time.. pvp is dead as fuck! had this long 2 hour queue with no pop.. do u know where all the ally pop went to?
lol, nice try... trying to twist my words..
to answer to your question, i dont.. but i do have 10 different other games i can just boot up...
side question, how active is the MP scene (pvp and pve ) in bms? is it easy to get into servers like dcs?
What are some major and minor glyphs i should avoid? I found this site called gnarlyguide.. are his build optimal? Dont know how accurate that site is..
how did this happen? will this ever occur again?
appreciate it! i was reading on gnarlyguide about rotation... he said "After a Lock and Load proc it is important to allow enough time between your Explosive Shots. This will increase your damage drastically, as each tick can crit. Wait, use another skill or kite between Explosive Shots. " can you explain this last part? does he mean, i should not dump every arcane shot and only use 1 then wait for epxlosive to tick, then use another ?
if your EU or living in EU time zone, yes this server gets 2.4k+ players daily on eu timezone... but if your NA.. no. that population drops to about 400-700 online during NA time.
if your a pve'r who will never pvp.. yea lord realm is good for wotlk but if ur a pvp.. dont play warmane.. that server is p2w.. theres cross realm pvp so your always up against 6k+ gs credit card warriors with smournes
rcs?
so much this
U got 5 bucks to give me?
do happen to have link to that viral gif?
Sometimes you guys would eat dishes without rice.. i mean aside from steak.. rice and meat is a must for me!
make sure to get the diet coke on ur next order
make sure to take ur daily medicine pills grandpa!
are u just spamming every thread with ur server?
dont forget to add that its a p2w server.. lots of people with shadow mournes and 6k+ gs. Not only that but the worst part is cross realm pvp.. so u cant avoid credit card warriors lol
dragonblight is good if ur EU but na times.. pvp is dead!
i bet ur the type to break up fights and call cops on ur neighboors
I prefer playing against people who didnt swipe their credit card for 6k+gs and smournes..
they do that to bag of chips here aswell.. but i've been eating em and so no bad side affects aside from obesity
F16 single fin, engine... is very satisfying to look at.. which is why ill be replacing my f18 when the f16 is fully functional with all its systems
actually i picked DK lol.. doing world content with hunter bores me to death..
dont forget to add that its a p2w server.. lots of people with shadow mournes and 6k+ gs. Not only that but the worst part is cross realm pvp.. so u cant avoid credit card warriors lol for those that dont know, shadow mournse is one of the BiS for alot of classes like hunter,pally,dk,warriors... and is one of the longest grind required to obtain. thats why it cost 130$ to buy it there lol,. so if u dont care about p2w.. warmane is ur best bet for wotlk ( though this server has been up for 5+ years ) if u dont.. and ur EU, dragonblight is ur best server to play on.. its fresh.. only 2-3months old.. lots of people in leveling zone but if ur NA.. its dead.. population dip from 2k+ EU time to 600-700 NA time
hows the fuel consumption? is it like the m2k?
0 i usually get burnt out after 3 months but with time off ill say league.. been playing it for close to 8 years or so.. since season 1 basically.
pvp/wvw scene has been neglected for so long, thats why your seeing alot of people leaving. But if your new, i say go for it, gw2 has fun pvp/wvw.
thats the problem with gw2 "casual" tree specialization, doesnt offer longevity when you only have 3 traits to pick lol.
Remindme! 9 hours
What tips and tricks did you learn along the way that helped you ?
Fun fact : people prefers 1 second gcd, than 2 second gcd.
"entitled donators" KEKW
Would we still be able to play our current a10c once the new warthog 2 is released?
i actually dont mind the size, more time to start your sortie, less time flying to get there.
Yea pretty much the sole reason im scared to play on pvp servers with the f14.. unintentional friendly kill due to jester being a liability. I mean yes his still in wip but his at the level of incompetence. Got an enemy 28nm out? Ok let me lock the guy thats 50nm further... Cmon HB... i love the jester.. i just wish you guys would put some improvements to the core issues of jester in a2a, its been an issue since the first week of release.
Can you share how you operate jester ?
Does retri pally feel more engaging in pvp or still dull like wotlk..
How u guys feel about feral cat dps in the early tiers?
How you guys feel about feral kitty? for 2s
I mean its ED, their track record isnt too pleasing.
isnt the upgrades from the ka-50 just adding a "stringer" lol
is it even possible? arent the apache's still in service?
Do you know any NA guilf that will be playing fresh?
Do you know any? For ally?
i heard the F18 was in development for 3 years before releasing it to the public as Early access.
Its not about the systems,stats,or how long your legs is.. its about flying that airframe. Its all about that brrrrrt. In all seriousness, if it interests you.. fly it.. if it dont.. then stick to what you want. DCS isnt competitive theres no reason why you should feel the need to be force on something you dont want to do.
Modding would be big here if this was like csgo were u can download the mod by just joining in the server, without all the manual stuff.
We need heli servers too!, dedicated heli only servers.
now i think about it, i feel like its more of a community issue.. you have fall out 4, skyrim, etc.. that requires you to watch guides and youtube videos on how to install mods.. but their community still has a big modding scene
Do y9u guys have labels turned on? I feep like the sole reason why older era modules arent so popular within MP community is because of how shitty the dcs spotting is.
U can try the free mod a4 module. Only server i know that run thie is the hoggit cold war server..
Because dcs community is so different on how they learn things. DCS players feed off each other for info and quick response. If they wanted more indepth then they refer themselve to the manual.. but in bms its different, legit i ask this guy how to recenter my mav tv cam.. in one of the bms discord.. he said go read the manual.. lol. I feel like bms community (atleast the ones i ran into in discord) tries to take this game super serious were dcs is more laid back that knows while it is a sim... at the end of the day u aint a real pil9t.. ur just thetr to have fun and experience.
The only problem i have with bms being a dcs player is how the people seem to always love to dumb me down and point me towards the manual.. i get it the manual has everything but i also dont wans read 2 paragraphs to tell me that i need to tms down to unlock my target.. Also some members in the discord comes off as elitist.. taking this game waay too serious for their own good. Reminds me of one of those arma 3 unit role players who thinks he can abuse others cuz he has an Captain tag next to his name.. /rant
Or be that drunk idiot that flew pass 3 enemy players because none of you spotted each other cuz ed. Story of my time playing in cw server.. happens 90% of the time
Its the opposite for dcs lol, if you ask basic questions they'll gadly answer it, no matter how stupid it might be. You wana ask a more indepth system feature related, it will be answered aswell or refered to the manual for a more understanding. it feels so different between the 2 communities. The learning curve feels more fun than pressured in dcs, compared to bms. People learn in their own ways, just because someone ask a basic question, doesn't mean his going to quit the next day lol. Its like having a new job, I learn better when i ask others.. sitting quietly reading a manual can help me but its more effective to learn hands on, because that way it sticks to me.
What my point is, DCS has a more forgiving mindset when it comes to these basic questions, no matter how simple it is. Where as BMS, if i were to ask how to flare/chaff i would be refered back to the manual, if i were to ask in DCS they'll just tell me cms up. Not blaming anyone, im not forcing people to answer the questions but just what i've seen from being a newbie to the bms community.
For instance, https://gfycat.com/HappyFarFruitfly also if you ever played BMS or IL2, you will know how bad spotting in dcs is compared to these other 2 flight sims
Your missing the point. Its not about the setup, its the fact that i have to adjust my camera fov just to see contrails. Thats the problem with spotting in a nutshell for DCS. BMS fixes this issue by their smart scaling. IL2 has a decent spotting aswell, better than dcs. DCS just ignores this problem, thats why you have servers adapting to labels to help, sadly only PvE servers i know does this, PvP like DDCS, growling resorts to the vanilla which is tolerable since it uses modern era jets that uses advance technology to pick up targets. But if were talking about older era like korea, were spotting becomes more of your eye sight, in dcs it becomes more frustrating than fun. Also that gif isnt a bug, it shows how different zoom levels affects spotting. Original thread from that gif, https://www.reddit.com/r/hoggit/comments/ayzh66/ed_needs_to_work_on_visual_spottingrange/
First guy to ever state DCS spotting is better than BMS lol. Apparently everyone else shares with this issue about spotting, besides you.
For me its the pvp aspect, You get more "balance" variety for pvp, like mop.. it feels like every class is viable. Twink peaks is by far my more favorite map in bgs, Rated battlegrounds.
Yeah thats another problem with ED, so many different variables for spotting, when it comes to personal hardware/settings. I dont think we'll be getting any spotting improvements anytime soon.
The quality is top notch in the f14, compared to the f18 imo. Also i feel like flying the f14, actually feels like your flying it due to the feedback, compared to the f18, ur like riding an electric bike with training wheels on its back.
Yeah it def wasnt announce as a full loot hardcore pvp :) atleast u tried if pvp was for you or not.
I hate jester too but upon asking around this is what pretty much comes down to.. Want stt lock? Get in the same altitude with the radar contact (ofc azimuth aswell) Want tws? Get tucking high ! I recently learned this one from a guy in pgaw.. he said if i have a bunch of radar contacts while im locked on someone.. you can do a 3 degrees down to somewhat help sith the cluttered mess . If anyone else has more tips and tricks, all is welcome!
EarlyAccess
We all know u guys arent ready. Please stop advertising and work on the server beforehand.
what happens in may 12?
online sales are still legal? ( if over 21 )
Well first i wouldnt announce wotlk as their main focus, after announcing cata... then go back on that word again to announce cata as their new focus of development.
TLDR?
My second baby, the viggen would like to speak to your kitty
Where did u get this info?
link?
We havent had fresh cata in a while, so if you think it will be dead on arrival, your wrong. Apollo 2 is the next big thing.. specially since sunwell is currently just raid logging.
the servers been up for almost 2 months now.. not everyone joined a week ago lol.. peak for NA time evenings are 1.2k many guilds have cleared content and now are just raid loggin or making toons for alt raids
ok... i dont see what the issue is then.
The gameplay i've seen so far looks very clunky..
thats concerning, considering how the main focus is pvp.
remindme! 3 months
GW2, ESO, BDO.. basically all action combat mmorpg..
Why not have player provide escort? GAW/PGAW has player gci all the time, would be fun to be redirected to escort the tanker for possible air threats against the tanker, or just escort for the sake of escorting lol but i do agree with OP, tankers positioning needs changing, theres been many discussion about this topic in the discord aswell, maybe the hoggit devs are just too lazy idk.
ED should take notes from BMS spotting, their smart scale feature is perfect for us simmers.
i dont get why people are already quickly ready to throw this idea down the trash.. Its not the most suitable perfect condition but its better than having a useless tanker on air wasting precious server performance (joke) when its rarely ever used. And you shouldn't assume things because you wont do it, you'd be surprised how committed some people are, people that seeks new things to do in hoggit..
The point is, it adds extra quality of life content to us frequent players in gaw/pgaw.. its bad to assume what people may or may not find enjoyable just because yourself cba on doing it. I mean how many times in gaw you bomb the same target, blew up the same migs,f5s, etc.. this idea not only allows for new sorties and actually give tankers life to the server but it also doesnt waste the skill set of other players that practiced and mastered on AAR. And if your main issue is that it'll just get blown up in matter of minutes.. then that doesnt change from the current fact that pigging backing to the original discussion, tankers have no role in gaw/pgaw because theres nearby airfields you can just land on.
Thats were intercept becomes a thing, redirecting closes neutral flights to the tanker if needed. I dont get why its sounding to you like the tanker becomes the highest priority task on the server. If it gets shotdown, you dont have to wait till the next server restart to refuel lol. Like i said, this idea is not bullet proof but atleast it gives the server a new QoL, besides doing the same old gun run, bomb run, ace in a day sorties for the past year i've been on this server
is their cockpit in tagalog or english?
i wonder how small is the western market compared to say russia, seems like the typical release always has russia before us
the grind in ESO isnt gear, its Champion points.. and that can take a few months to get if u plan to be "competitive"
i havent played the game in awhile, does BGs also have modes to enable CP? i remember when i use to play non CP campaign was pretty much dead, so i was forced to grind cp to play cyrodill.
Hey its me your long lost friend! :) do you plan to help fellow people from the states out? would like to give your service a try ( juices )
What else is missing from the harrier and the m2k? besides bugs
Queens here :)
if ur comfortable with ur keybind setup, then i dont see why not..
BMS really brings life out of these AI and of course dynamic campaign :)
The tanks that were lined up, started advancing forward.. was pretty amazed, didnt know they can do that!
Theres an unofficial patch for 4.34
Also it seems like dcs dumbed down some system work flow, one thing i noticed was the difference between how bore sighting your tgp. In BMS its cursor zero then snowplow then tms up, but in dcs its just tms down.
Such a shame pgaw has no ships for enemy side for anti ship sorties. A missed opportunity, i say.
Imho viggen is overrated.. suuure you can be fast as hell tree top level and have a cool old tech weapon employment...and also has a nicee ground radar that works if your experienced on it aaaand has cool feedback sound quality lile the f14 and mig 21, did i mention reverse thrust?? Buuut Ur basically just a guy with a gun and 1 bullet.. prep planning is heavily needed due to the old system and by the time ur done and up in the air.. most likely some guy already blew up everything on the obj that u planned for. One biggest gripe for me is the limitation on how loadout works.. basically u cant mix a bunch of different bombs and missiles..
Bms forum in the israel theater subforum cant log in on mobile sorry
was trying to discourage the guy as a joke.. guess i failed at translating that.
i started off with using my hat switch on arma 3, had no problem employing weapons, its just a matter of if your willing vs it becomes annoyance rather than fun.
i think the real problem is if the game's engine can handle dynamic campaign.. right now server devs cant even put out alot of ground units due to fps issues.
anyone know any info about them increasing rates after realm firsts achievement ?
what rates will it be on, also heard that its not realm first but first to lv 85.. mix feelings here..
Still no? :(
As always.. ty! P.s just thought of this up recently.. if u ever looking for new ideas to ur manuals how about adding kneeboard files like for checkliet for employing weapons or just about any workflow that makes it easier with a kneeboard :)
How far can you get in georgia with full load out and land?
loadout 1 - standard a2a, fox3s and fox 2s with 2 bags. nothing on the center line loadout 2 - sead loadout, ld-10s on each pylon, 2 bags, spj. what you think? also for more config, how about say.. 20-30k full mil power and another 10-15k full mil power.
loadout 1 - standard a2a, fox3s and fox 2s with 2 bags. nothing on the center line loadout 2 - sead loadout, ld-10s on each pylon, 2 bags, spj. what you think? also for more config, how about say.. 20-30k full mil power and another 10-15k full mil power.
How far you think with the config, Anapa to nalchik?
Would the jf17 be on your top 3 modern jets ?
thats one thing with dcs, you can't really make a value of the cost effective on the jf17 is in real life.
He just need major tweaking.. they should turn him up a notch and make him op in all levels then see how community feels.
Do you know any solid guides for new fire mages?
If ur using the t16k rocker pedals on the throttle u need to set it as a slider in the axis tune settings.
Try r/hotas and their discord gl!
What do curves do?
Can carry sidewinders has a2a modes, has ability to employ the brrt while on the ground (idk if u can shoot mavs tho)
Haha it does sound pretty fun. About the mid flight thing, are you also able to use the f10 and update ur wpt list without needing to enter the long/lat manually ?
No map for it? do you mean by jf17 having no place in dcs world ?
Hey! my country flies it too. But i feel like the cockpit will be in english instead of tagalog so wont be as fun.. like owning a russian aircrraft or the j-11 with chinese text.
Perhaps you forgot to cool on/power on?
Sensors dont really help as much as you think imo. If this was elite dangerouw then yes but dcs precise aiming isnt from your stick, its from your flight pattern and approach.
the major problem from ED is that their priorities are fucked. Their main focus is to make money ( from what grey said on one of his post ) and because of that, you have ED working on multiple projects like MAC, the new carrier, etc with an already limited resource to handle these tasks smoothly. Also remember how everyone else figured out that the f18 devs were put on hold so that they can work on the f16, at first ed denied this, then later on they came out and said it was true lol..
do you mind sharing how you would have ur talents setup? for the early tier ( first month ) of release
1060 6gb, i notice that when im flying the jf17 i have 76% gpu usage, when i start using the tpod it jumps to 100%.. is this safe?
she looks like Alexandra Daddario
Cross for target? I didnt know jeff has iff on the hud.. usually its juet a box for me, friendly or enemy.
More complete than the hornet too lol
Whats wrong with having a sale? You got issues lol
Whats one thing every f16 pilot should never do Whats one protip for a f16 pilot to do in dogfight
Some stuff cant be applied to dcs world, like cost of ammunition, maintenance, etc
NDA bro, heads up :)
Scheduled pvp sucks, please go back to the drawing board and read the feedbacks you get from here. If your suiting for pvp community i would suggest taking a look at albion. Their game does it very well, good balance between focused PvP and PvE.
oh oops lol
that just means the world is lively, also ganking is a method of money making for pvpers ( atleast thats how i made my millions )
Here goes nothing!
its fun, the only downside is ur very limited to your loadout, if your familiar with the viggen, its sort of like that but less. You can't do 1 bag on 1 wing aswell it sucks. But overall fun jet, glass cockpit, mws, anime girl betty.
Check out dcs.. its basically the same level of indepth system ( sticking true to its real life counterparts ) but the only difference is that your flying in a military jets, heli and you get to blow shit up, fight against others, do air to air refueling, and be able to land, takeoff from carriers!
Are you a pver first before pvp? Cuz every pvper i know hates their idea lol
The major issue is, what grey said. Blatantly telling the community that their company priority is MONEY before anything else. They have their small company with limited resource but working on multiple projects at once. Worst of it all, theres no competition so they dont care.
Make sense now, thanks all! just finished episode 3.. im just like.. Buuut why tho.. :(
i like watching it in english too, for one thing.. the translation are dogshit.. like one guy says " go eat a pile of shit " the subtitle says " I will not let you! " translation seems more censored/ keeping it pg from what the actual guy is saying
Lol no. ED just has too many project at once like mac, the new carrier, warthog 2, the ka50, etc. Thats why it's taking so long.
that doesnt really do much, i tried max preload radius and lowest.. same loading time lol
clear your meta folder and fxo.
Your awesome! MORDHAU
Maybe try turning off mods if u have, reshade, etc Try to load the mission for the server your going to play on in single player first if you know how.. if not just try to load any instant action mission on the map you want to play on in mp.
Probably the only successful MMORPG to come out these past few years.. if your apvper, atleast lol
i havent lose yet on ally, did 9 games in a row.
im sort of nervous but excited to see how they plan to implement Jester LANTIRN, atm the jester wheel is absolutely a hassle to get things you need in a quick time, the sub category is pretty hefty to say the least. I hope they try to implement a quick bind to certain actions without needing 5-6 button presses. And if there was an DCS Module awards for 2019, the f14 will hands down have my vote! the quality, the sounds, the feedback.. its the only jet aside from the mig 21 that actually makes it have a strong realism feeling, whenever i fly it.
Dcs
PGAW feels like the training server that hoggit host but the only difference is that its on PG. No sense of real progression were each sortie can matter and add up to close in on the goal, as how i feel in gaw. I dont think any changes js going to happen as it seems like only 2 devs work on the server.. hoping for gawc though.
This is such a half ass excuse with no real meaning. Things blows up it happens. Dumbess arguement i've seen lol. Devs are either lazy or juet busy.. tankers rarely gets used and in turn hogging server performance. So why not just removed em? Why not try something new that can add new quality of life content to the server? I myself would love to be the tanker escort for however long i want too, and im damn sure there are so many others that would do the same. If no one escort, we have gci that can redirect us if a threat to the tanker emerges. If no gci and no escort.. well tough luck, go land on one of the 10 airfields nearby lol.
TLDR/W Fence in = turn off exterior lights, master arm on, weapons set, etc
ur just making up scenarios to cater to ur argument, its obvious you dont want anything changed with the tanker, so why even bother talking to me? Why not actually provide good concepts to bring up to the devs and hopefully actually have people start doing AAR. Instead of just landing because the tanker is literally next to an aairfield lol.
georgia at cold war, made from the same guys that did gaw/pgaw
its already out, its still on testing phase.. the reason it hasnt gotten much traction recently is because the guy working on it had to step back for a bit due to irl stuff. But i think this back now, and working on the server again. Check out hoggit's discord
Back when people started killing each other
Does this server have progression feel to it? like each sucessful sortie adds up to advancing from the frontlines. Like how GaW/PGaW has theirs setup. most of these other pserver, it feels like tdm.. no reason behind a sortie, other than to go blow it up.
Now we just need a heli only server!
can this guide also be use for us with weaker gpus like 1060, without vr (using trackir) EDIT: did all his settings minus changing the power setting in nvidia control panel and i now have a stable 30-45 fps MP (gaw servers) with trackir, its more smooth than what i previously had so thanks OP!
The only bad thing i can say about their server is how strict they are when it comes to penalty points and how it works. So 1 team kill is 50-60 points then you get kicked off to spectator, 2 team kill is 90 points and that equals to a 30 day ban lol. Its surprising to see this sort of system specially since most of the PvP server has a more forgiving system like points decay over time (a few server restarts sets you back to 0 points)
I disagree the implementation of pw and srs requirement grows the community for the better of gameplay communication.. look at these airquake servers.. gs and 104th.. they get 40+ players daily yet if u hop on their srs or ts you see not mord than 5 people lol.
"IF" been playing gaw back then when it was possible to call jtac to drop red smokes on targets and never tk'd anyone. So idk where you got that assumption from. All im saying is, its shocking to see a more restriction on a PvE server than most of these PvP servers, since lifes matter more there as theres no unlimited respawn, missiles, etc
so your saying, server owners shouldnt put effort into making their server have a good community that joins voice comms and communicate?
Knowing how to IFF and all that jazz isn't the point im trying to make lol, the restrictions on these pvp servers are more laid back compared to gaw which is a pve server
Well people like you shouldn't join these type of servers then. Play single player or something lol
Restrictions in terms of the 30 day period. Its something in my opinion very excessive, which was my point in the first placed, if you read my original comment. It was an observation that i notice when i compared other PvP servers and GAW/PGAW. And i do think it hinders gameplay, because if a player has accumulated 60 points, he will most likely not play CAP until that duration of 30 days has ended, or he puts himself in a major risk of getting banned for 30 days. Piggy backing back to the point, if you were to look at pvp servers, 3 tks is at most a 3-7 day banned from the server, other server like gs and blueflag, if memory serves, it takes like 4-5 server restarts to have your penalty points back to 0.
Why am i getting commented about the wrong subject lol, my point isnt relevant to TK'n itself, its the penalty system they implemented towards mishaps that i believe is too harsh/long when you compare it to other servers.
Doesn't mean that it will discourage others to use them either.
like i said on my previous post, it has nothing to do with player skills and how he conducts his knowledge to take on a role as CAP. its about the different penalty system that i've noticed which is to me shocking because 1 is a pvp server with less harsh penalty and the other, a pve server with a more restrictive penalty system that last for 30 days.
I dont know why you keep trying to argue over "noob pilot, dont know how to iff" topic, Going to say this the final time, its an observation that i made, not saying to change anything in gaw/pgaw on how they run things.
Yea i would love to play on BF 24/7 but sometimes i get annoyed when im in a merged and neither of us finds each other because of the weak spotting system ED has.
Sometimes you gotta draw a line of sims vs fun. Why you think cold war era servers or older era airframes only server, isn't as populated as modern gen fighters servers? its because nobody wants to spend 90% of their sorties trying to find 1 pixel lol. BMS, IL2 are great example of how spotting should be done. DCS is by far the worst sim when it comes to spotting.
Anyone know if B-X still ships to NY?
How much you wana bet they got everyone working on the super carrier and using "improve lightning" as an excuse to hold off the patches lol.
1060 gb here, could get a stable fps of 30-45fps in MP (GAW servers) with trackir
was this on MP servers? i didnt get a big difference from what you stated, maybe 5fps boost, 10 at max.
"seeing a TK is almost a rarity" which is false lol, i've been playing gaw non stop nowadays, and i see TKs happen everytime i play. If i have to average it, probably 3-5 tk's every time i join the server. Also i dont know why people keeps assuming i have an issue with this, like i said.. i dont care as it doesn't concern me, i know enough to be patient and rather have myself killed than TK someone in a heated scenarios. What i stated from my original post is just an observation, a mere opinion to say the least.
if u want to play with 1fps then yes
found this mod that fixes this issue, it passes IC https://forums.eagle.ru/showpost.php?p=4131663&amp;postcount=160
if its ed no if its another 3rd party dev, yes.
WoW, tons of variety, has a good pvp population and pve. only thing i can see ff14 offer is more class variety.
closed and locked
gta v? its somewhat fps, but its mainly third person view with an option to play with first person. lots of mod to unleash chaos, cheats, guns, etc.
you can't force yourself to have a game that you can play endlessly, just one of those things.. "if it clicks" I have this problem with single player games, i want to stick with it but i end up not playing it after awhile.
any pc guys going to stick with kb?
Let it rip!
Much appreciated! You're awesome!
Wanted to pick up hammer but i dont own ice borne. Would i be gimping myself without having a clutch claw witb hammer
Just curious what weapons did you play with before iceborne? The clutch claw seem to add a nice addtion to weapon combos and some even looks like it wont be as good if you dont havr a clutch claw
How you do it? I bought the huey, loved learning it and doing free flight but when it comes to MP scene, it feels boring and depress. Feels so lonely. But flying on arma 3 is a whole different story.
Well with sc done and them announcing to halt development on the f16 to put all resources in the f18 progression, i honestly think they can pull it off. That being said.. ed operates free willingly as they have no competition. So they can stab us in the back and release an apache for all i know lol
You sir are mistaken. They did say they would halt the f16 progress for the f18.
Wish i could get into ds3 but something about it just doesnt click.. i love engaging combat.. im hook on monster hunter world but ds3.. its been like 4th try and it still doesnt click for me.
Hooking us broke gamers up :)
Nope, i figured that i reached a new arc/chapter to the game, so was time for me to also take a time off from the story and check out some side stuff, in this case.. finding a new weapon then it lead me to this ordeal of capturing a monster, so i can practice new weapons.
sometimes, girls looks more bad ass than male characters, like in monster hunter world
Where can i watch LoK?
Wait so does that make it patrick the last earth bender?
Wish i didnt read this...
Wish i could get into that show but felt so weird how every 5minute there would be a 5 minute of 1 guy boasting about leadersbip and whats right.. shit gkt old real quick.
That was it! Aftwr reaching corql highland the special arena quest popped up.
There's mods like the a4, thats fully clickable like one of those dlc planes. But for free.
Xbox gamepass is only 1 dollar for the first month.. with other good games.. check it out!
guys its a free 2 play game
ive been hopping between gs/ls and switch axe ( trying to find 1 to main ) is it useful for these other 2 aswell? also where is that option under?
Honestly, i dont think crowfall and camelot unchained will ever release.. I have bigger hopes for star citizen than these mmorpg.. the market has been dry for so long.. mmorpg is a dying breed.
Camelot unchained had a massive backlash recently, the founders and devs decided it was a good idea to announce and release a console game.. Oh, they were planning to go into beta (or release state, can't recall) this summer but it got delayed lol never been keeping up with crowfall, so i dont know whats happening, the last video i watch of crowfall.. it was just ur typical.. "2-3 year till release" shenanigans
well thats because theres no real reward towards coordinating in an organized session. Its just one massive public server, to go and get your moneys worth. Want something to have a meaning at the end of it? Go join a squadron, or bms.
except new world isn't mmorpg, its more along the genre or ark, rust, conan exile..
Fair warning rdr2 is 115gb file size.
The real test would be doing it to chinese gamers. Their the biggeet and known for cheating. Side question.. why js p2w such a massive thriving jndustry for mmorpg in korea? So many good games to come out but only to be ruined with p2w mmorpg.
you say c-130, but i see apaches
Be warn tarkov is really hardcore.. by far the mlst tactical hardcore fps games out there. So the learning curve will be steep for you.
for me, the combat was the nail to the coffin, being stuck/fixed into standing still while doing an ability shouldn't be there.
Thanks! Newbie question.. once i unlock research base, how exactly do i craft artillery? I mean once i have a research base will artillery be on the list or do i need to do anything beforehand? Im only hr 8, i just got a quest to go deeper jnto rotten valley.. i have smithy unlock and i think research base too but i never bothered to check it out because its been just me speed running through the story. With that being said, when zhould i focus and take the time to grind those armor,gems, and all the other stuff?
4digit club.
Wait is that an actual game mode in forza horizon 4? Or just some dude roleplaying with a cop car
GW2 has better pvp scene imo. ZvZ actually takes real group coordination instead of just zerg fest, the 5v5 arena scene is there for competitive players who want shiny pixel ranking next to their name. The only thing ESO has is a dope pvp community, alot of top 5 clips, and out plays. Although theres that aswell in gw2, but you don't see youtuber making top 5 clips, the only way you see them is if you look for player made videos.
im in usa, idk about other regions.. but yea its out! the whole new arc
wait even in shippuden he has little screen time? bummer, was looking forward to shippuden kakashi
maple story
arent these graphic mods basically just reshade?
Dqmn i hope not.. im putting it on hold till we get dub..
Hope the rwr is muted lol
Show us ur desk :)
Steam games can be refunded if you played for under 2hour.. that being said i too didn't like dauntless but after trying out mhw its a whole differrnt game. Yes go buy it
im still working my way to beating the story so i can't answer ur other questions, but so far most of my time spent, is in the training area trying to find a weapon to main lol.
Because its simply not a thriving market. Take a look at all the battle royale clones, vs over watch clones.. companies arent interested with the numbers.
gg: get good
no, like traditionally you would sell your game and they would sell that and mark it as used game
Well a server might seem out of reach.. they havent even finished their cold war server.
Xbox game pass offers shadow of war, only $1 for your first month sub.m also includes a decent amount of other games tbat you can check out
Does it feel like a single player still? I remeber trying it out years ago but uninstalled because the only way to see other players is through community hubs
What mmorpg do you guys think has the best controller support? besides ESO
Will this game be for people who lieks to pvp alot?
It was nev er bad to begin with, just had a niche community, it being a full loot hardcore pvp game
Do you guys recommend this for a guy who tried witcher but couldnt get finish the game?
Its a shame hackers/cheaters is the reason why so many games arent cross platform
will the mod ruin some mechanics/gameplay? or make it better. in ur opinion.
because mmorpg market is so dry that people are looking past whats infront of them, in hopes to find themselve a new mmorpg to call home.
wait, theres no wpvp? i thought this game revolves around pvp tho...
is this a game for a guy that likes to pvp?
Na pop iz dead tho
Some niche games like DCS requires 32 gb ram lol.
is animeflix better than 9anime?
Check this post out. https://www.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/g3zc7e/free_to_keep_steam_games/
9anime.to for me
Ublock origin for me
yea that would be weird being sort of like dark souls lite combat with gear matters before skill matters..
can't find any GOTY edition on nexusmods, is this a paid mod?
No lol, just go buy ps5.
DCS has free modules and 2 free mods that you can try with 0 cost.
i dont know about that one.. felt like picking 1 or the other, leads to the same conclusion.. for witcher 3 that is.
minecraft
Woah care to share some spoiler? Which side quest has an impact on the main story?
Get xbox game pass only 1$ for the first month with many good games!
Free to play also means micro transaction
When is that?
This year presentation made me realize how little innovating is done in gaming nowadays... its all copy pasta from shit 10 years ago..
This year presentation made me realize how little innovating is done in gaming nowadays... its all copy pasta from shit 10 years ago..
Does the modding scene for skyrim requires all the DLC? or do i get everything with just the base game?
can you give me an example of a few mods that gives you this frreedom?
Does the modding scene for skyrim requires all the DLC? or do i get everything with just the base game?
What wasnt showed?
Great... dividing player base for mp even more!! P.s awesome map:
Have people forgotten nick's old post? He clearly stated that ED main priority is money over anything else. Thats why we get these half ass early access releases, that comes with broken and untested patches, weekly scheduled patches that needs hotfixes, etc..
Red dead redemption 2
Ever heard of mute button? Anyways heres my list - ark - mmorpg like eso wow gw2 - red dead redemption 2
https://howlongtobeat.com/game.php?id=27100 But i guess reading is hard
"but I really, really just cannot take anymore unpunished toxicity. That's pretty much what it is" Well in terms of griefing and afk.. that problem lessens when you get to higher rank.
How many hours total are in a week?
Fixes for the core engine or uust the p47 and channel? Eitherway rip f16 owners
microsoft, their game pass for $1 is so worth it.
Great. Dividing mp player base even more!!
They tried this method already, with the f18.. and made no difference lol..
Have you tried to get someone to buy it for you? Someone in the US can make a new account and give you the account after he buys it.
spoil it! this is my first time rewatching naruto altogether. :)
ty
If yoy want more buttons on the stick but maintaining a cheaper budget, get the t16k throttle and the loigtech 3d pro stick.
except its littered with RNG walls, on top of more RNG lol.
What are some good MP demos out there?
Highly recommend the logitech 3d pro.. cost half less and has more button on the stick.
Hi this pop up on my youtube recommendation, im Out of the loop, can someone explain why this is on the front page?
will it support trackir?
Basically a free look device, hands free. It advantageous in flight sims. like DCS.
but can it really be justified? for fuck sake, the girl looks 11. Just think about that.
you really trying to justify looking at 11 year olds, that if it were something you see in person, it would just be a child. But just because its done by an artist, its considered "ok"... so basically your just a pedophile.
U should recommend vaping to ur grandpa..
Howd it go from white knight to simps? Whats the difference lol
yea pretty much, but funny thing is.. top guild loves high level pve'rs/farmers.. those guys will get all the escort they need.
hardware for one, and comfort. trackir provides a plug and play service that doesn't require any mid to high end gaming pc. or any upgrading of parts, for that matter.
Its because everything after battle royale.. most games have been reskinned or a failure. . Nothing new
Get il2 instead. And pg!
did they make it that easy or u just got super lucky with rng, or u swiped?
It became a genre of its own... games nowadays like ark,rust, etc... those are the true successor of RS/UO
Its over, we lose.
before they introduce skins and loot boxes to csgo, there was fpsbananna for cs 1.6. RIP modders!
Wabbajack preset? Care to explain, just boug SE and never played skyrkm before.. currently just a lurker here and getting more in game time before i figure out what mods i want for my first play through.
Skyrim or witcher 3?
Get bms, buy f18.
Monster hunter world, mafia
dungeon fighter online, black desert online,
no way, pvp is triving. Its had its up and down but ESO pvpers love the game pvp.. look at youtube videos of community doing top 10 pvp plays. How many mmorpg does this, or atleast have a big audience for this?
whats air rolls? lol im pretty new.
gotcha, thanks.
I don't really put much attention to this sub opinion about pvp in general.. this sub's more of a pver so take what people say here with a grain of salt when it comes to pvping.
Oh is there no mode for this stuff? Likebplaying with randoms and joining random maps
Unpopular opinion but this will just make champ select less active, less communicating between others... because of the risk, of gettin reported.
its been here, its called the mute button.
Gunz the duel, (not the sequel) the biggest thing qbout that game is how it truly showcases players skill. No rng bullshit, the funny part is.. the game became famous off a bug that later became the staple mechanic of the game, k-style. Too bad the devs ditch it on their 2nd game.
monster hunter, long sword.
Ever heard of a mute button? lol
not fly but yeah, butterfly is like one of the most basic thing you can do.
They had a system called tribunal.. Was pretty effective. I dont know why these guys can't bring that back
Improvement was needed, but it was just put into the trash. Unless riot gave every one $100 dollars each rank to not troll, not be toxic, etc.. i don't see any other way of handling it. Can you even think of a game that handles trolls/toxics/griefers, excellently?
If it comes to a point were it becomes a toxic environment, i highly doubt the player will be willingly cooperative to communicate. More than likely, his calls will be invalid, only to troll the team.
Going to talk about the big fight scene, zerg vs zerg. BDO is nothing but a grind mill, the combat itself is the only content the game has to offer. Node wars, castle sieges.. all becomes "which side has better gear" and no real tactics involve in these sort of massive scale pvp. GW2 is the only one that feels in depth when it comes to zerg vs zerg, theres alot of out plays, tactics, etc.. gear isnt a factor.. its all about team coordination and whos shot calling. ESO, never eally gotten into those high level stuff, so can't comment
hows bns population nowadays? iirc open world pvp was a joke and thats why the game died.. arena rank was fun for a bit though.
Star citizen.. jk
GRID - ULTIMATE EDITION Thanks!
Which category is this under on 4chan?
any good server you guys recommend for a guy who loves to do heli transport/cas, just about any heli related stuff.
VRChat.. if your into those type of things.
Hope modding will be a thing and make one..
I hope they put more effort into optimization tbh..
Well if its bad, then why do community have youtube channels doing top 10 plays, and have a laarge audience? why do people host fight clubs/guilds?
Sounds like a player skill problem than, ESO pvp.. tbh.
Micro managing is everything for one.. Adapting to situation, use of terrain, etc.. Being able to tell his rotation and knowing when an opening is.. watch a couple of top plays videos on youtube. to get an idea of high skill level gameplay but any chance you have video of this?
lol well that make sense, eso is on a different level now. Thats why you got so many players and youtube creators doing ESO content, like top plays in pvp..
yea ESO is there with the other big 3 mmorpg for a reason.. this sub just hates it lol, i mean if ur new here, just be warn its a big circle jerk..
Do it! $3 is what? a bus fare? Ark content wise will net you hundreds of hours, introduce you to new people, maybe even make new friends along the way.. sure the game is toxic, and unoptimized, but why do you think ark sits as one of the most played survival games to date? because with all the cons brought up, at the game of the day.. people still have fun.
Checi out delanclip.. much cheaper than trackir.
wtf.. this shit is like the asian version of that dude who, a few months ago tried to make a wild west online mmorpg and tried to hide the fact that he made that old p2w zombie game.. except this asian company doewnt give a fuck lol
This.. iove the idea of last man standing but... 99% of my games are me looting and never finding a fight.. Whats the avg kill of players before they die?
Logitech 3d pro is only 30$. Has more buttons than the t16000m. If i were him i woild buy the throttle seperately and pair it with the logitch 3d pro.
3d pro has more button on the sticj itself. With the throttle, your not going to have much usage for base buttons lol. Sensor wise.. it doesnt even matter because your not trying to shoot things with a small bullet that needs aiming.. you have missile that locks on target for you lol. I have both stick and ffrom experience.. 3d pro hands down. The t16km stick also his this obnoxious center detent were if you want to physically travel left to right or up and down, you would feel this big stoppage before you can transition direction. Like a car going over a stop bump. Now another issue is longevity... for $30 the same stick i bought 2 years ago still works very well.. only needing minor deadzones.. but the t16km.. i have 2 replacement already. At the end of the day, do your research. If your serious about hotas.. head over to r/hotas or r/hoggit. A bunch of flight simmer there that knows what their talking about.
funny because a quick search comes up with many 3d pro suggestions, and many 3d pro profiles.
Games like DCS, arma, etc... its all about flight pattern, there is no need of amazing sensors.. everything revolving combat in a jet, revolves around practice and learning those pattern.. Though if we were talking IL2, or Elite dangerous were aiming is actually needed, then yeah t16k sensor all the way. saying t16km is better because of the sensor is not all there is to it, when it comes to buying a stick.. ask any guy that owns the t16km, and they'll tell you how quickly they had to replace the stick due to the cheap quality. Funny enough, as any 3d pro guy the same question and see the difference. Like i said, 3d pro + twc throttle is the best bang for buck. Avoid the t16000m stick!
i stopped reading after you spouting out virpil, thinking virpil and t16km is on the same level.. lol
I hope modding becomes a thing with thia game... the content it will produce will be the next skyrim.. lf the modding scene
da fuck... and console people are ok with that? i mean the big advantage over kb and mouse, vs controllers lol..
Do the console players have aim assist though? would be a big disadvantage for console players against pc players with mouse to aim lol
i have a controller, can i opt out of pc match making and only get match with console players?
though i have a controller, can i opt out of pc match making and only get match with console players?
i have a controller, can i opt out of pc match making and only get match with console players?
