My first thought was [sundowning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sundowning).
To quote Chris Rock: "Now I'm not saying he should have killed her... but I understand."
I just rewatched "The Big Short" and it made me physically ill. The fact that almost NOTHING has changed is even more disheartening... As George Carlin said: " The game is rigged and nobody seems to notice. ...And nobody seems to notice. Nobody seems to care. That’s what the owners count on. The fact that Americans will probably remain willfully ignorant of the big red, white and blue dick that’s being jammed up their assholes every day, because the owners of this country know the truth. It’s called the American Dream, 'cause you have to be asleep to believe it."
As per [Shady Brooks](https://www.shadybrookfarms.com/faq/cooking-turkey-step-step/) (one of the brands I use) the popup timer pops at 170. I know some of the other good brands do the same. I don't know about Butterball, but being that they are the biggest seller of turkeys I would not be surprised if they use the 185 one.
thanks to Barty Jr as Mad Eye: the ENTIRE school probably practiced one of the curses (remember he wanted them to practice trying to not do the imperious curse):
Originally played by Powers Booth, then played by Robert Fucking Redford. And while that is an amazing upgrade, it kind of sucks for Powers. It would have been a nice final role to go out on.
I thought they were the same person (pierce)
precognitive knowledge, or he just lives in a state with almost no fucking highways and watching truckers barrel by his house all the time and probably hearing all the local news stories about people, including kids get mowed down ingrained itself in his head.
Seriously, Season 5 was the first non-perfect season but that episode (Hardhome) was perhaps one of the top episodes of the show up to that point.
But think about how awesome that revenge scene must have felt though....
aka Acetaminophen
old dude yelling at clouds...that is what it was all about. That an no one with any balls telling him that this was not a movie where he can CGI or get an actor to play Obama to talk down to him.
When I think of her I just think BoJack's Sextina Aquafina.
That is supposed to be your answer...if it is a good place you get the job for not being retarded. If you get it wrong, that's good as you wouldn't want to work there anyway with a bunch of stinkin' Virgos...
That's when you stand up and sing: I am the very model of a modern Major-General, I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral, I know the kings of England, and I quote the fights historical From Marathon to Waterloo, in order categorical; I'm very well acquainted, too, with matters mathematical, I understand equations, both the simple and quadratical, About binomial theorem I'm teeming with a lot o' news, With many cheerful facts about the square of the hypotenuse.
I can see it: the running around in the snow, the cycling in the hallways (without the dead twins), the walking around the hotel getting ready to close it down for the winter, the drive up to the hotel...without the scary music and other things, I can see it as a winter get away for a kid.
also Hazel-rah; Kane (the first Alien chest burst death); the elephant man from the elephant man; Professor Bloom from Hellboy; The original Aragorn from the animated Lord of the Rings;
Don't you dare ruin my MCU...
So basically what happened with the Libertarian party in real life then?
I remember always hating soda fountain drinks and REFUSED to get them. Now that I am older, I am wondering how much more in tune I was to how dirty the sodas were (because soda is my crack/cocaine of choice)...
On a microscale, aren't we all murderers?
We create Santa who lives on Neptune and enslaves the Neptunians. Unfortunately his coding went bad and he punishes the bad by trying to kill them, but he often thinks everyone is naughty and we will need to Santa-proof our homes.
For fucks sake KR, stop doing nice things so I can continue hating you for supporting the current Administration!
Just so some people are aware: If OP's dad has a business, it could be all under the business's expenses and listed as their assets. it is a legal loophole that is unethical, but not illegal. I knew a few people like this when I was doing insurance and people living in areas where the richest people who commuted to NYC to work would live meaning they had homes in the millions of dollars. It kind of sucks but hey if you give the ability to use a loophole, someone is going to use it.
slightly different, but a friend of the family got a job in a Magic store back in the early 80's (back when there were such a thing, I don't even know if there is such a niche store anymore). He was asked to start clearing out the basement which was never used and had a lot of junk from the previous tenants. Lo and Behold: he found some cancelled checks with the same last name as my family. It turns out, it was one of the buildings my grandparents had owned back in the 60's and 70's when they would just buy up buildings and fix them up.
And that reason could be your an idiot who makes bad choices...is always my response....
I mean, I get this. But when someone who only decides to critique or argue with you in yelling, it is just an automatic response. Also, if you want to argue about something, you are not going to change my mind by being hostile just because you are angry and passionate about your position. A lot of people have been in abusive relationships/households with people who cannot carry on normal conversations and a lot of us who had to suffer through this shit cannot handle when someone is so upset they cannot speak in a normal tone of voice. Unless the thing that has gotten you so upset could have cost you or loved one's lives, there is no reason to put off an argument till you are calmer.
in some liquor stores, just one purchase can eat up that 5k rather quick. Or just two of these: https://www.shop.lavinotheque.us/Hennessy-Cognac-Paradis-Imperial-750ml-94992.htm?gclid=Cj0KCQiA3b3gBRDAARIsAL6D-N_ADg3wAUtZfiCsVQea3UWYcaGld4XgYSkzJ7ExN9r6oMuDrYVYo3saAgwFEALw_wcB
Not surprising considering that the right wing has been embracing a lot of crackpot news outlets like Breitbart and Infowars and even more fringe sites (as they understand how to use hate to spread their message) that are filled with conspiracy bullshit. You only need to jump into the alt-right rabbit hole here on Reddit to see how unhinged some of these people are.
This is how they all start. They use reason to kind of skirt the medium side of many arguments (which is pretty smart, as smart people usually understand there are two sides and it is always good to hear the other side to get perspective). They they start attacking more and more and then become radical. People who might have started to listen to them and didn't go "WTF is he talking about, oh shit, he took the crazy pill, time to unsubscribe" will continue to listen to crazy. It's a great tactic TBH.
I've told this story before so sorry if you weren't one of the 10 people who read it already: I had a part time job delivering auto parts to garages and shops. I had just delivered to one particular shop and got into my jeep and was about to backup to pull out when all of a sudden a bunch of cars just rolled up into the parking lot blocking me in. I saw a bunch of people jump out of the cars and roll into the shop with their guns drawn. I look into the back mirror to see a SWAT officer aiming an M4 directly at my back. I just kept my hands raised while another officer did a visual check in my jeep and then look under. He then asked me who I was, gave him my information. It was only then and he said cleared that the other officer dropped his weapon. I asked him if I could maneuver my way out as I had nothing to do with why they were there and I had other deliveries to make. Surprisingly they let me go. I came back later that day with another delivery and asked the shop guy what it was about. Turned out a gang member escaped from police custody and the police got a tip he was hiding out there. What surprised me was how calm I was the entire time. I figured if I ever had a gun pointed at me, even by the cops I would be much more of a quivering mess, but I was calm and composed and that astounded me more than anything. Yet I was jacked up the rest of the day due to the adrenaline.
There is also a time when bringing in professional will help a great deal.
The fact that they win is stupid and they probably have judges paid off. If parents want such a strict upbringing they can find a private school that caters to them. Fuck that cult anyway.
One thing people need to remember is that the black community at large is still VERY homophobic. As such, I think he will be okay. He might have to stay with black centric fringe projects instead of mainstream Hollywood projects, but looking at how much independent studios drive the non-blockbuster market, he will be fine.
After seeing him in The Wire and Generation Kill (especially this), I am surprised he is not cast in more roles. Dude is legit a great actor. I want to see him be in more mainstream movies with good directors. Edit: hopefully his casting in It: Chapter Two will get him recognized more.
It's not like it is a secret about how shitty she was. That is the point. She gave up a good life to help in the war effort to "atone" for her shitty childish ways that cost her a sister and killed an innocent boy. The "book" that re-tells the story, is continuation of the atonement by being rightfully yelled at (almost killed) by the boy and give her sister the happy ending she deserved and was taken away by her.
I think people don't understand how pain can make a person really fucking cranky, like perpetually fucking cranky. When he didn't have pain anymore, he was a great person and likable. It kind of shows how much torment he was in day in and day out.
and sexual assauling people. Don't forget that.
That is disappointing to hear. I only was able to get the Singleton, Oban, and Talisker. I was going to bust one open on Christmas and i was thinking that the Singleton would be a nice one to share with my ex and her boyfriend (he is a well seasoned whiskey drinker while she is an alcoholic who would jest enjoy a good buzz)
Fuck off Nazi Punks....
Even in the north, you don't enjoy them anymore other than going skiing and it's not the same as waking up and realizing school will be closed so you call your friend (only land lines at the time) and you see if everyone is going out only to meet up and your group runs into other groups and you play around in the snow including the snowball fights.
Usually Narnia, but the cabinet doesn't always work for me since I became an adult.....
Oh, I understood why it was dumb and hated, but I think people are wrong.
HAG...... Evil old woman, considered frightful or ugly. It’s twelve down.
Great, she won't find it...I feel better now....
Just had my first one last week. Interesting taste profile. Not my favorite, but very enjoyable.
I hope Michael Cohen dished some illegal shit on this turd. The fact that faux news didn't fire him immediately for appearing on stage with Trump during a rally just shows how fucked shit is.
He showed some restraint just throwing her down to restrain her. Many other people would have just went batshit crazy and she could be dead now or in a coma. On another note, I am so happy I moved. There are WAY too many legit crazy people I have encountered in the subways and in NYC in general. But in the subways you are trapped. If it is a huge 6 foot tall muscled dude who finally snaps (and I have encountered a few on the subways) it can get ugly really fast.
Not today CIA
If it was the Sugarless Haribo gummies, then they already had their punishment.
Bedbug, mosquito, or vampire?
I remember I saw the following movies about the same time: ET Blade Runner The Thing Missing and Conan the Barbarian Out of all of them, ET was the least remarkable movie I recall from that time period. But I did have a crush on Drew Barrymore in that movie (we were the same age). I also want to give a shoutout to my parents who were movie fans and were very open about letting me and my brother see almost any movie short of porn.
It was nowhere near a top tier MCU movie. it was more in the middle to me and only because Killmonger and Smeagol. Jordan really did a great job in the role and I am haunted by his final words, it hit hard and emphasised why his beliefs, while misguided, made sense to him.
I would say buying anything is Craigslist is tantamount to knowingly receiving stolen goods. /s
I can have tea w/o sugar. But then I remember that it's tastier with it.
No one can explain Jaws 4, even Michael Caine refuses to acknowledge it.
As my dog found out, they are fast little fuckers....
Are they depressed alcoholics who had a hit TV show in the 90's?
What sucks is they won't pick it up as Disney+ will be family friendly and the Netflix Marvel offerings are way to dark and R rated. So just killed it so their competitor won't have it.
People who have never had food poisoning have NO FUCKING CLUE how bad it is. I literally turned vegetarian, then vegan for years because I was scared of getting that sick again.
I LOVE this song. only 80's kids will remember it though.../s
Deadhead here. I know other fans hated on Touch of Grey for being "commercial", but there was a time in my life where I was literally working from 7am to 8 or 9pm. Every night on the train home I listened to this song first because it kept me sane.
This scene was stolen from Attack of the Killer Tomatoes 2; starring George Clooney. I always get pissed that no one else knows this.
I hate to say the obvious but OP is kind of stupid if missing a few months of rent will cause his property to go into foreclosure. OFTEN things happen and you should be able to cover at least a good year of a house being unoccupied. With all the stories of people not paying rent and then needing to be force evicted, you would think he would understand that.
But don't worry about going to the bathroom, just let it go while cuddling....
And there was a bomb threat today so all the kids went home early. People are assholes....
Or...you can use 90-93, but then cut it with bacon fat....you're welcome.
I saw both Baratheon and Greyjoy at the same time. But I originally went in to get the Fire &amp; Cane Glenfiddich and they had it so that was the priority. Greyjoy was the least expensive of the two GoT, so it was the best option at the time (I am in CT where costs are a bit higher for a lot of these offerings)
Scummy company treats people like scum. [This is extremely dangerous to our democracy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsKYpToatUU)
[fact are dangerous to our democracy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZggCipbiHwE).
what sucks is, watching it recently, there were some great ideas that were filmed and then never panned out: The gay relationship between the bad guy and Anthony Perkins. The point where the bad guy is like "Save me from Maximillion" All great things that could have been explored but were written out or not filmed or just cut from the film. It was very weird.
I still love that movie and love that quote. "I am handicapped; I'm Psychotic"
It is still a good movie. So many Redditors have a hate-on for this movie for weird reasons. The biggest reason I get is that it has a thin plot. Yet so many people praised Mad Max Fury Road (rightfully so), but has about the same amount of plot. Yes the science is not the best, but holy shit, how many other movies have bad science and we just enjoy it for what it is.
Which is such a huge problem as now people ignore that warning and it is just a joke. So people who really want to be care can't differentiate between really harmful products and normal everyday products.
"I love hitler and hate jews and we should kill them all like that dude in PA tried to do" _ SSdude's channel "See, youtube hates right wingers because they blocked my videos!" _ SSdude
&gt; Vincent D'Onofrio's performance is awesome in this movie and every other movie and show
I'll never forget that I saw this in the theater and was blown away and thought it was going to win best picture only to get pissed that the only organization that stated it was the best movie of the year was the AVClub.
Wes Luger: York was a friend of mine. She was onto something. I think that's what got her killed. Captain Doyle: You don't think it was the bullets?
Tell them they have a cute butthole and you love the way it winks when they sleep.
How about not modified? I really need to fix my exhaust....
Ouija: origin of Evil....I just got something to put on as it was Friday night and I was not feeling well and just wanted something to zone out to and go to sleep. The first one was so bad that I turned it off 10 minutes in so I expected a shitty movie. What i got was a legitimately good movie that scared me at times (and that is very hard to do). Found out it was directed by Mike Flannagan (the guy who directed Oculus and the recent series Haunting of Hill House on Netflix). I really suggest people give it a go as they will get something they won't expect.
Again, I didn't hate it and i think it could have been WAY worse (the trailers were not very encouraging truthfully).
I married into a Cambodian family and I had heard stories of what some of the elders who survived the camps had to eat to survive. Basically it was Fear Factor, but if you didn't get through it, you died. A lot of insects and small animals were eaten, and not even cooked.
I only finished it last year (about this same time actually). I played all three and finished 1 and 3. I stopped playing 2 because I wasn't enjoying it.
2019 not 2029
Would grow tail to nom...
I have had some amazing cornbread. However 95 percent of the ones I do try are shit and should be tossed out.
Same. Give me ice cream cake or get me pie, fuck cake...
This was back in the late 90s and early 00's when this happened. Don't recall the cases or gyms involved other than the overall story.
Food, clothing, sex, and pets for life
i would see it when I used to take psychedelics. Good thing they are hard for me to find.
The mini-series or the episode 33? Both are correct.
Scotch, Cigars, and hookers. Maybe some blackjack if I can find the time.
Robert Zemeckis predicted it with Back to the Future 2 so there were warning signs from the past.
Locking two people in the closet to make out, but you give them Ipecac laced candy right before. PS: make sure the closet is cleared of your belongings.
I remember my family was one of the first ones in my area that had a VCR. When we got it, my dad went with VHS because it was about 100 dollars cheaper. Price was very much a factor for VHS getting an upper hand, then movie availability (both were sparse at first).
The problem with AJ is not that this shit is wrong (obviously it is). The bigger issue is that AJ thinks it is prevalent and that there is a group of elite who are pushing for this to be normal and that a majority of people think this is okay. So his people again start to demonize the other side thinking they all like this shit (you see it on the alt-right subs all the time; "this is what they want and agree with" "They want pedophiles to be included in LGBT rights" ect). THIS is what makes Alex and others of his ilk scary and need to be shut down. It is prime fear-mongering of the worst kind and has probably lead to the deaths of people and will continue to do so as he riles up some of the psychos who can't tell the difference between normal people who disagree with them and people on the extreme end of the spectrum like this.
How the fuck is that legal?
I worked for a company for more than 10 years and had stellar reviews. Eventually ended up in a QC manager position with only myself and the only person above me was the director of the office. I was told that when my director and the office manager (he managed the agents) met at a huge gather of all the offices they constantly asked if I really processed all those files I did every day and how the hell did I do it and have such a low error threshold. So you would think I had great job security. However, they changed their system and my job no longer required thought. They gave me a team and we just literally pushed a button and matched things up. Very little checking happened anymore. They cut my salary and put me back on hourly (but they were still paying me a lot). I then noticed that I started to get strange write-ups for things like my attitude. Finally, something weird happened and I got the blame and fired even though it was something that should not have been my responsibility (something was changed and despite trying to cover my ass by putting it in email, I never got a response confirming this so there was no way to CYA). A company will NEVER be loyal to you and once you outgrow your usefulness, they will get rid of you, especially when they could pay someone a lot less.
It's really weird as they were "broken up" for a four years at that point. Only announcing they were reuniting on Oct 1st 2008. So I am going to call bullshit on this asshole. Edit: and of course he is a /r/t_d person. makes sense as lying seems to be a thing
Guy here. same thing. I also hate whenever Reddit brings up how much they hate people who say "calm down" because they have never been with someone who can only argue by screaming and yelling. I now refuse to get into any relationship with someone who will not calm down before getting into an argument. Unless I fucked or killed your parents there are few reasons to state your anger w/o resorting to needless yelling and threatening...
Right after 3 hours of yapping....
That was a different location though with a lot of problems. Woodstock 94' was in the same location though and was widely hailed as a great time and venue.
You have to build up enough burnt skin so it doesn't hurt anymore. So I would say splashing your front with boiling oil first would be my suggestion.
Better before the game than afterwards when it gets a bit gamey
The Big Short scared the crap out of me.
Radio shack had the best prices outside of Amazon for memory cards and sticks. They also had some good items for okay prices (towards the end I almost got a SiriusXM radio as I was thinking of going back to them). It's too bad they over-expanded and didn't understand what made them a good store.
Lighting was much better than the previous movie, but not that much. I also saw it in 3d which does darken the movie somewhat.
i've seen a lot of movies in 3d but they were not this dark. It's not just the 3d, but it is possible the 3d darkened an already dark movie.
Isn't it common knowledge that while he is playing in his band his groupies are kind of young and he doesn't push them away. Dude is a hair slip away from going to jail for being a pedo....
Not him so much, but his church is VERY much the type that grinds my gears....very conservative and anti-LGBTQ I think Ellen Page called him out on his church.
I actually feel really bad for him...at least professionally. Every time he is in a big movie and proves his worth as an actor (ie: 1408, High Fidelity, Grosse Pointe Blank, ect) you think, finally, he is going to get some bigger roles now. But it never happens, he never gets that next big part, he goes back to doing smaller rolles and sometimes they hit it big and the clock goes around again. He should be starring in top drama movies, but that never happens.
&gt; Evan Rachel Wood I believe he said it was a sexual fantasy and not something he would do. Kind of how there are people into /r/Vore but would never do anything like that (btw: NSFW or NSFL). I mean, I don't get it, but I do understand weird fetishes so whatever.
If you got to go, not the worst way....
Not going to lie, the whale tail along with a tramp stamp kind of got me going......sexual fustration will do that.....
They probably see it as: "see, Christianity is bad...WE are good, people will question their faith and turn to us".
If it is an apt complex or condo, then they might be next to another apt that it was heard more easily than the rooms on another location (if it is a condo, kids might be on a different floor).
If Tinder does this, I hope everyone drops their service (and any service of the other owned companies). Tinder should tell Russia to fuck off and just turn off their service in Russia.
It's okay, things are better and funny enough we still live together after the divorce as roommates because we both own the house and it had just gotten to the point where we would not lose money if we sold it, but only break even. Our relationship is better than it had been since we got married. A lot of her abuse was due to her insecurities and she still has problems but I have helped her try to ween off them, and I would like to think she did get better in some ways.
I was thinking, what would really get her to change her ways? As it is now, she is not going to learn from this, and say (a N*gger just screwed me over, fuck all of them). If he said, fine whatever, she might still be "see, these N*ggers know their place". It's a double edged sword she unleashed and she is not putting it back in.
I have the Arizer Air and I found the same problem and just stopped using it. I should be more upset about such a waste of money as I don't use it at all now, but I guess learning is part of the process.
how's the pull on the mighty vape? I have an Arizer Air and hate how bad it pulls, even when I try to do the tricks like pulling it out a bit.
I want to build a pond in my backyard and get some ducks as well....
This is kind of unfair. If they were having discussions about financial issues it is a fair statement to make. I don't know what their relationship was like but I can say that when you work a full day of backbreaking work, come home, and your SO talks about mundane shit they did all day while at home it can be very frustrating, especially when you are both having financial issues. Or he could be a prick, IDK, just showing both sides and how a statement can be innocuous or a tell tale sign of an asshole.
This is why I am a /r/liberalgunowners These crazies are stocking up on guns to murder, I think some of us need to protect our friends, families, homes, and loved ones. I would rather go out fighting like the people of the Warsaw Uprising than be carted off to be murdered.
One thing I hated about Antman was how it was taken as a joke....
It really is like the ramblings of a guy with dementia. As far as i am concerned, once he is gone, we really should look at the "doctors" who lied to keep an unstable maniac in power.
It's something I would try again to be honest. Girl I was seeing was into BDSM as a Top. We did a scene where I was tied up in the bathtub and forced to drink a lot of liquids (not deathly amount, but about a liter of gatorade and a 12 oz beer). She would then edge me among other things all the while telling me I can't pee till she said I could. When I finally did, it was almost better than some orgasms I had.
For people who are living paycheck to paycheck, going after a percent of your income can mean you lose your home. It also can wipe out your saving so any money you might have set aside for emergency needs is now gone.
From what I have heard from sex workers (you tend to meet a lot of them in the BDSM scene), they mostly want decriminalization. PS: found a good article which explains some of the reason why: https://www.businessinsider.com/sex-worker-explains-the-difference-between-legalizing-and-decriminalizing-prostitution-2015-6
DO EEEET!!!!! Seriously, I am jealous, you have the opportunity, but not the balls? Come on man!
Not me personally, but my group in camp: Okay, so we were really assholes, not going to deny it. it was like we fed off each other's shitty behavior..... Our camp was banned from Red Roof Inns because we once stayed there on a trip and literally trashed the place. Some kids cut open the fucking pillows and mattresses and threw the contents all over their rooms. The more normal kids just took everything that was not bolted down, and a few things that were bolted down including a fucking phone. I understand the camp president was tearing up when he got the call of how terrible we were. Camp no longer gives out milk: So one day we get our milk and cookies and for some reason one kid decides: fuck it, today I spilling my milk into the radiator system. And like a bunch of fucking dumb monkeys, we decide it's a great idea. After a day the room stank of rancid milk. A few days later the entire floor was a smelly stank. They had to move us to another room and they quarantined the room like what you see in movies when there is a viral outbreak. We were also temporarily banned from Fenway Park: our group was on a trip to Boston and we had tickets for the Yankees vs. Red Sox. We are from Brooklyn NY. We were relentless, insulting all the Red Sox and just being obnoxious assholes. Funny thing is despite our age, drunk adults are not much better and were not happy with us. They literally had security surround our area to make sure an adult didn't try to attack us. We got rained out and only saw 3 innings and instead of giving us rain checks (which we couldn't use anyway as we were visiting) they refunded us and told us maybe we shouldn't come back there.
Last Boba Tea I had the pearls would dissolve in my mouth before I had a chance to chew them properly. But either way, it sounds like she was just swallowing them whole and also had WAY too many of these fuckers...
As much as I hate that sub: I think he was pointing out the hypocrisy as you will often see these types of female /r/ChoosingBeggars on Tinder all the time (we have posted them) yet they never get banned. In all the bashing of this guy (and I agree, he is being a pedantic asshole) I think some of you forgot think about this.
Don't want to get blasted, just want to not be in pain...This is some of the worst pain I have ever had. I don't like taking pills if I don't have to.
I know, My problem is I am in so much pain, I will do anything to help.
I don't have any edibles unfortunately. I am getting the surgery on Monday so I will hold off on smoking for a few days starting Monday.
I stopped buying alcohol from the southern states and now only get locally or from CO. Some of the best Whisky from the US has come from CO and VT.
conventional war: China vs. India
They are one of the few places where the selection is so huge and yet the food is relatively fresh. Kind of amazing and the food is really good. My only complaint is that it is too expensive and the wait times are ridiculous.
Maybe he goes there occasionally to boink her? If he has a record it might be hard for him to get a working girl to come over.
I am not a fan of cilantro as well but I don't think I have ever been overwhelmed at Chipotle.
Or as the Grizzlies like to say: human burritos.... But seriously, hang your body filled bags from a tree to discourage these things, let's not get a bear shot by eating someone (even if they deserve it)
Yep, I stayed there one night because I lived in Brooklyn and was going to a series of concerts and wanted to make sure I could catch at least a few hours of sleep before work. I would have slept better with the homeless in Penn Station than this abomination of a hotel.
This is fucked up no matter if it is legal or not. OP was targeted and being asked to get naked is NOT OK. This needs traction outside of LA...
The local weather NOT the same as the weather channel. In some places, a warning from the local weather person can save lives. The problem here was Sinclair wanted "code red" on anything slightly worse than a sprinkle. This is super dangerous as it makes it harder to determine a real emergency as declared by the NOAA from a bad passing shower (kind of like the boy who cried wolf). The code red was a marketing decision by people who don't care, it's all about creating a station image and trying to make all these local stations look and feel all the same which is fine for certain things, but in this case it is NOT OK. Many meteorologists have expressed this in private, the person in question was one of the few to have the balls to say it in public. He knew he was putting his neck on the line, but sometimes lives are more important than having a shitty job.
My [favorite one](https://i.imgur.com/8bb5uef.jpg)
So at the end of the space movie they do something and it leads them to go back in time and they are in the middle ages with supercars and the next movies starts right there with them in the middle ages with supercars and only a limited amount of gas? Sign me up and let's do this..... edit: the movie ends with a CGI Paul Walker coming back and either saving everyone, or trys to kill them like in Terminator.....
My body is ready....
November 22nd
Can we give a bit of appreciate for how AntMan treated the new guy. Turned him from the enemy into a great father/husband and friend to Casey's dad.
I think he pissed off the wrong person higher up and they triggered the audit. I have an ex-coworker (I was let go a few months earlier) who was told that he was being let go for having an unauthorized IT equipment installed at his desk. Basically he was a mid-manager and instead of a desktop he had a laptop with a desk setup so he could go to an empty room to do reviews and such. The IT changed quite a bit over the years and the earlier IT group was very lax and gave him the router so he could still be connected when he was working in the remote office. The newer IT team said they had no record of the device and as the higher ups wanted him gone, he was let go immediately for gross negligence. He could have done a lot to get his job back, but there is no point working for a shitty company that wants you gone, so he got a job at a competing company almost a week later. You never know what will be used against you when people want you gone.
This is why I usually push cloud based cameras (Verkada and Meraki are two I highly recommend) They will NEVER delete footage w/o making several backups before they give it over for the police.
I didn't hate it, thought it was okay, but nothing special. probably closer to the first phase of Marvel movies than the other great movies which were coming out about the same time which didn't help. Killmonger was a great villain though.
Same, It was okay the first time. I softened my stance on the second viewing, but still feel it was an early Marvel outing rather than some of the great movies they have been giving since phase 2 and onward. I think she was directed poorly and the way they made it black and white in terms of good/bad guys (with a clever twist everyone) was dumb and they could have made the skrulls more menacing, but still sympathetic.
Billy Joel's "My Life" will always be linked to Bosom Buddies (and hence America's sweetheart Tom Hanks)
The entire island sequence was great and amazing story telling. Every time they were NYC I was bored out of my mind, even with Kong wreaking havoc. What is amazing is that, we are talking about the regular version, there is a longer director's cut which is even way longer than it needed to be.
And it goes from having amazing chemistry (in Thor) to having none (in MIB). Also, there appears to be no heart in this movie, just "cool" MIB aliens, ha ha, so funny. The third one was one of the best ones because it was mostly drama with a lot of heart to it.
I switched to pour over coffee and am a convert. Yes, a bit more work from me, but the coffee comes out perfect every time.
It's a bad lesson truthfully. Body is a big target, head is small. Always better to aim for the larger target.....
Did you see Kings Landing? Yea, I'll pass....
Death by prolonged Snu-Snu....I'm game....
We need more "Captain Jack" and less "Piano Man". There are dozens of older great BJ songs that need more play than Piano Man.
I am going to die from malnourishment as I will never eat again.
I once woke up and there was a cat in my bed purring at me. I didn't have a cat at the time. We fed him and he went on his way and I understand he did this to another family and they were able to keep him.
I want to see this while Gloria plays in the background.....
You just turned my "are you happy internet?" anger around and am now satisfied....thank you,
I think some people are sociopaths when they do this consistently. I think about all the dumb things I did when I have gotten near blackout drunk and I cringe at myself. Luckily it was very rare and would much rather have a drink or two and enjoy a light buzz when I do drink now. To be able to constantly get into situations that alienate friends and sometimes family is a mental disorder.
Yep, Vibram soles make it.
I would want to chat about movies he hasn't been in. I want him to feel as much as a regular dude as possible
Yea, I was thinking even back then I would have done whatever I can to stay out of other people's way. Maybe we would watch a movie every once in awhile in the living room and have fun.
This reminds me of a time I was walking to the train and it had snowed a bunch over the last few days, which means there are chunks of ice everywhere. I saw a mom and kid and the mom was distracted and not paying attention to the kid while the kid grabs a HUGE block of ice and put it in the mailbox. I was telling the kid not to do that but of course he probably doesn't listen to his mom, why would he listen to me and put the block in. I can't even think about how fucked some people were because of that.
I keep putting my title in the glove box in the HOPES someone will steal my POS and get it off my hands. Even criminals have standards though.
Question: If this were me, I would switch immediately and I wouldn't even want my old OBGYN to know who my new doctor would be. Could I just go into the office and request a copy of all my files so I can bring it to my new doctor? I would love for OP to do this and while leaving lay it out that she plans on filing a HIPAA violation against them and this is why she is also leaving their practice. My Justice boner would be raging so hard if OP did this....
It would be worth it IMO to make sure they don't know who her next OBGYN is just in case there is someone there with ties to dad and keeping him informed on her.
I abuse my penis, but he seems to occasionally like it.....
I was thinking I would NEVER buy a house with tenants in it (I guess if it was a duplex and I could move into my space and the pricing was right I would change my mind, but truthfully it is almost never worth it)
Just smile and wave.....
Some places are not fully controlled by the managers and there is a huge organization behind them. This often means bureaucracy which slows things down more often than not.
Both of them are heros IMO. Both were under pressure from their war dept looking for a fight. I don't know where you can go on the USSR side about this, I remember reading about it in some books. But there is a really good movie about the Cuban Missile Crisis that shows how much pressure Kennedy was under by the Pentagon and the war hawks who felt a war was inevitable and wanted to go to war sooner rather than later.
Once when i couldn't find any I was awake for almost 3 days till I finally crashed. I wish I stopped then, but it took a medical scare to get me to stop cold turkey. I only started again because I live near a legal state so I could choose my strains and I was having pains which caused sleeping problems (and now I sleep so well)
I still hate how terrible my parents were with food. I used to eat super slow because my parents expected me to finish my food, but it was always so much. They were also not good about WHAT foods I should eat so I ate crap.
Only a fool would meet the Dothraki in an open field.
My state had it ready to go and then they just ignored it so now it's another year before we can get it back on the docket. NY just fucked up as well. MA has a hard on because now they are set for another year or two of being the only player here in the North East making money from legalized recreational cannabis.
Not sure, It was MANY years ago when we used to hang out, now he lives in the caribbean and I lost touch.
When a diplomat really fucks up, they get expelled and are told to fucking leave. They WILL be arrested if they refuse the expulsion (although they can hang out in the embassy like Julian Assange, but they will effectively be prisoners so what is the point).
Truthfully I love these threads. They keep me sane when I read the ones that really piss me off.
take a plea deal and rat out dear ol' dad....fuck that piece of shit for involving his daughter in his schemes.
I would say he was deported back in 2012.
There are casual dating (you are not commited and just hanging out) and then there is committed dating (you are serious about the person and unless there is an agreement, you are not dating anyone else)
Just getting a passport requires proof of citizenship and proof of identity (both of which OP doesn't seem to have) Source: 12 years in the travel documentation business
usually they are just looking for validation....also only a few are dumb enough to tell the whole story where they confirm they are the asshole; just omit something here and there and viola, they are the asshole.
I only just found this sub, so I can't speak to all these videos, but videos I have seen of SovCits who are arrested usually are all the same: * sovcit does something questionable and is pulled over by the police *Police is respectful but gets bullshit back talk from idiot *Police arrest person while they are screaming and fighting forcing police to aggressively detain the idiot This is NOT the same as a cop who is already trigger happy or is rude for no reason and to equate the two is just a shitty thing that undermines the good officers and conflates the two issues.
I get from MA as well. It could be the strain affects you strongly. I right now only get from Theory Wellness and their own brand carts as I feel they are pretty good about quality control from what I have seen.
I've been seeing a lot of bag size restrictions lately (but no bans of backpacks) in the North East.
Yea, we had a good one near me and the management was great. Too bad they were told the rent was going up and closed down and a buffalo wild wings took their place.
I was able to tell the good fresh food from the bland food. You get a good smell and taste for it. I really do miss the occasional once every few month visit there.
This is almost sov cit levels of denial.
I've had this happen to me too. Most people: nah, he's fat. Chick into fat dudes: Dude, you are too skinny me: FUUUUUUUUCK
Unlock the phone and swap out the chip and get a pre-paid plan. I have Cricket and it's just as good as when I had t-mobile and only 35 dollars a month.
After being in an abusive relationship with someone with Borderline Personality disorder, who when we would fight and I would just walk away because she was being threatening or already in the act of being physical or threatening to call the police and lie about being hit by me, I vowed to always call the police when someone would say "do so or so or I will kill myself". Let the police handle their ass and get them help or arrest them for forcing others to make a false call. OPs ex unfortunately learned the last lesson of her life and that is by constantly using her health problems to contact her ex, she killed any chance that OP would listen to her.
When asked for an Interview, the Archbishop just made some weird faces and then a little boy ran from under the desk....
Don't allow xXCheetoBandito69Xx to call the Swat on IranQuickSc0p3r
Just got a kitten. He tries to eat my dog's food. My dog has been trying to eat the kitten wet food. I have had to seperate them when feeding them. The kitten mostly because she has no boundaries yet and Buddy is a gentle giant who refuses to do much about her.
Yep, but I think the Russo's understood how to direct her while the director of Capt Marvel didn't know how to direct her or directed her poorly.
There seems to be such a disconnect with some managers in retail who have no idea how much a BA degree can get someone even in a job outside their degree parameters.
It's so weird that some people's only sense of self is their kids.
One thing that never made sense till I thought about it was the low conviction rates. Think of it. You get chosen for a jury. To get into the building you are surrounded by officers who check your shit, log you in, see your ID. When sitting around waiting to be seated you see how cozy al the cops (not just the court officers) are with the court officials. NOW you are being asked to sit in judgment of someone who is one of the court people as they see it. Now you have to worry that if you do convict, will there be a retaliation? If there is, who can you go to for help? Seriously, jurors of these trails should be treated like juries for the Mafia so only a small group like the judge and his people know who is sitting in judgement, but this will never happen so you won't see convictions. Not to mention that I am sure many cops have coerced and threatened jurors in the past and will do so in the future.
when /r/trashy /r/rage and /r/insaneparents get together and have a shitty baby who grows up to become a parent themselves
can someone bring the swamp back? they left an open sewer in it's place.
Yet you have another tattoo that says "all hippies must die"....
And he shall love them and feed them and call them george.....
I think it depends on the location and jurisdiction.
And wasted it on a trip to Egypt, yes
I think a lot of us can recognize a self deprecating joke vs a real cry for help because they are in a VERY bad place. Luckily the friend knows the difference.
beats walkin'
US has weird laws on this matter. Not an adult till 18 BUT, you can't drink and in some states can't smoke: BUT you can legally be kicked out of your home, go die for your country, get tried as an adult, ect.... basically you are treated as an adult when it suits the Government, not the person.
I could just rush past a lot of the side mission and have fun and still beat the game in under 10 hours. It's only when you really get the urge to hit that near 100% completion does the game take longer....
Cool, I just have to remember to take my BDSM items out of them before bringing them in :) Thank you
So how long into the "parade" before it turns into nazi chants like in Charlottesville? I am guessing one hour, or at least an hour before some of "alt-right" slogans are propped up on signs. I mean, you can go on a parade for whatever you want to, but in no way is this about celebrating hetrosexuality....
It really was all about the great dialogue and intrigue. Then it became about making grand spectacles forgetting that the great moments came after a lot of tension building.
Want to have your tickets mailed to you by a 50 cent stamp: 4 dollars. Oh, you want to save us the trouble and print the tickets? 2 dollars (hey, it saves you money!)
Play In-a-garden-of-eden by I-RON Butterfly...
There is only one person I love.....CAT!
Interesting....I don't even think about you.....
Yep, Had he had the balls to run 4 years ago he would have ridden Obama's coattails and sailed in much easier. Now he actually has to deal with others and he falls short. I am still convinced that in 2008 there was a backroom deal with the Dems and most of them agreed to not run against Hillary if she dropped out and supported Obama as he had the better numbers. It was a dumb strategy and now we have Trump to deal with because of this.
My problems is I use cannabis to help sleep. Luckily I only take a hit or two so usually don't feel too bad in the morning.
I tried to cast to my TV as well from my computer. Didn't work and almost lost the beginning of Halley's. Going to wait and see between sets as well
She was fine except for one thing. She voted in favor of the 2nd Iraq war which most people from NYC and the state were not for. After that I lost a lot of respect for her and vowed I wouldn't ever vote for her again (but then I ate my words in 2016 as I really saw her as the lesser of two evils)
The Phantom of MSG. He even crafted his own [suit](https://nerdist.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Phantom-of-the-Paradise-4-1200x676.jpg)
Usually I see sexualization of cartoon characters and just laugh them off. This really bothered me for some reason.
Yea, but price is determined by the area. So in Iowa, it could be more as they don't have much dank to spread around....
Not going to lie. I looked into movers when I moved from NY to CT and just felt it was not worth it. Most threw off way too many red flags and others were just too expensive (those were probably the ones you want though). Next time I need to move I think I am just going to go to the local Home Depot and pay some of the immigrant workers who hang around looking for side jobs and get them to help me. They will be appreciative of getting work and I know I can trust them as they need the money and won't fuck up as they don't want trouble and want repeat business.
I know. In the early 80's my uncle would go missing for a week or two and the cops never bothered to look for him as he always turned up. I would hope now the police would at least understand that he might be mentally unhinged during these missing times and one day might never come back. What is worse is that he would always get real defensive about it when we confronted him. Even worse when we would confront him about the locked basement and the screams coming from there.
I go on there like once every 3-4 months. Last time I went on at least half the front page was a "The jews did this" post, no matter what the context of the issue was. The other half was about how Reddit is dying by banning subs.
Eh, it seems like they were already having issues. I am divorced, but I would give a bit to my ex and my step daughter so I know they are good.
I would say in the west it is due to the "Jews killed Christ" and has morphed from there.
They did, but we are just waiting on the translation from Japan: "Cooking Mama: Let's Cook" should be coming out soon....
Biden, as well as Clinton, voted for Bush's Iraq war which is what created ISIS in the first place by causing the instability in the region. I agree that Trump is an asshole who doesn't understand the ramifications of what he did, but Biden shouldn't lecture anyone on this nor should a single GOP member as they all voted for it. They sucked Bush's dick as much as they sucked the orange off of Trump's.
Don't give up, life has ups and downs. You are down now, but you will be up again. Use the past to learn from it and just do what you can.
Miscommunication was a problem and should be explained, but not in the way it was given. Also it's not the only time LA has been "cheeky" in it's top comment.
Trump pulled troops from an area so Turkey can slaughter the people who were our allies in the area. Then he put them in areas they didn't need to be in. Not a single troop came home and our allies were slaughtered by a dictator that Trump loves because Trump has never met a dictator he didn't love.
I am such a light drinker but I enjoy certain drinks if I am in the right mood and setting. Some people just drink to get drunk and i don't know how they do it.
If I don't get up and walk my dog he will get cranky and move about the bed in a way that will not let me sleep. in addition, if I don't get in the shower first I am going to late for work because everyone else is going to go in and take 40 minutes each person because they can't just do shit quick.
&gt; The Hand Oliver Stone wrote the screenplay. That always got me..
Don't forget "Not my daughter you bitch" Weasley. She is the glue that holds the family together and she fought as a member of the Order of the Phoenix even though she knew it could end in the death of her family members (which prophetically happened)
Some good characters turn into a Mary Sue (Ayla from the Clan of the Cave Bear series is my go to when thinking about this troupe)
The Walking Dead hasn't done anything right since season 1.
&gt; -4^o it can be both....
Scotches can either be blended or single malt. You can find single malt american whiskeys and they are gaining in popularity.
And as such I like it....Sometimes people dwell on shit rather than just move on. While I don't care if it doesn't affect me, sometimes it does and I don't want to deal with you lingering on something that can't be changed. Let's do what we can to move past this as it's healthier.
A girl yelling at a very angry and confused cat (who is my spirit animal)
People who live the "Vanlife" often have money saved up and are just taking a sabbatical or they are semi-retired (at least the smart ones are).
*Laughs in DMV*
Used to fry up slices of salami and have that on white bread with mustard. I still do, but I used to as well.
So that's the question....
I loved that you finally get to see her in Season 7 (and she was hot as well)
Well you need to go to Tricia's Women Studies Group and you can meet some fine women who are sexually open to such a thing.
Depends on how hot the other person is, I figure I can last a few hours with you though.
my dog has really bad separation anxiety due to his previous owners and it would be torture for him (he already has stress issues if I go away for more than a day, he is getting better, but it's still tough on him). I couldn't fuck with him like that.
my step daughter wanted me to build her a rig so she could be a twitch streamer. I was very scared about being Swatted due to this, but she lost interest and now just plays with her friends in a group.
You got to hand it to Meth and Crack heads. They never wake up and say, shit I have no money, I guess I ain't going to smoke today. No, they will find a way and they will get that Meth/Crack and get their smoke on. If we could only harness that power for good instead of evil we could have an amazing society.
I just got a car with a Sirius radio and I was tempted to get a new subscription, but the pricing was terrible (if you want the good stuff).
Most either do disown (go no contact) or they have Stockholm syndrome and are non-functioning adults.
I don't think kids should be playing Max Payne 3, especially the bar/whorehouse scene gets a bit dark.
Wasn't this the basis for the movie: "In the realm of the Senses"?
Toothaches are the worst. I don't care what anyone says. It's having an exposed nerve in pain that is connected to your entire head.
I just grab the steak with my fork and eat the whole thing like that. if it is bite size I eat it with my hands.
I am sure it was very gay. Also she was the one who first hinted that Marceline the Vampire Queen and princess Bubblegum had a relationship in Adventure Time.
genital torture, cutting, needle play. There are some things that for some, especially on the outside, can be visually scary to witness.
Even as an Atheist I will concede that Church is a form of community service in that you are participation with the community. I DON'T like that a secular organization funded by the state would force it. Now the question is: Are they forcing it or does the judge think that by being a participating member of church you will be a better person and won't show up again (even though rational people like us know this is not only false, but often the exact opposite)? If OP can just go do his community service and not even have to deal with the idea of going to church then it's a non-issue IMO.
I love this movie.
I KIND of understand. Not to that level though. I just got a replacement car and there is no auxiliary input (I am rectifying that now). I have been listening to the radio and the commercials drive me fucking insane. I remember commercials being bad, but holy shit it's on a different level on radio.
I would love an ice cream truck to come by in summer at 2-3am, especially in high summer on weekends. Nothing beats getting a cone for me and my dog and then settling back to sleep.
I love the "What would be my defense?" You are a minor, plead guilty and pay the fucking fine. When I was young and dumb I got caught with weed, I was of age but luckily it was a misdemeanor amount. Judge asked if I was guilty and I said yes and paid a fine and now it's over. Take it on the chin and move on. It's not like the kid is going to jail for being an idiot.
I'd gear up and hunt down the people that took the internet off line.....
Andrew Garfield loves lasagna and HATES Mondays? _ Todd
Daffodil
So, I stopped at a Jack in the Box, on the way here, and the girl behind the counter said, "Hiya! Are you having an awesome day?" Not, "How are you doing today?" No. "Are you having an awesome day?" Which is pretty shitty because it puts the onus on me to disagree with her, like if I'm not having an "awesome day," suddenly I'm the negative one. Usually, when people ask how I'm doing, the real answer is I'm doing shitty, but I can't say I'm doing shitty because I don't have a good reason to be doing shitty. So if I say, "I'm doing shitty," then they say, "Why? What's wrong?" And I have to be like, "I don't know, all of it?" So instead, when people ask how I'm doing, I usually say, "I am doing so great. " But when this girl at the Jack in the Box asked me if I was having an awesome day, I thought, well, today I'm actually allowed to feel shitty, today I have a good reason, so I said to her, "Well, my mom died. " And she immediately burst into tears. So, now I have to comfort her, which is annoying, and meanwhile, there's a line of people forming behind me, who are all giving me these real judgy looks because I made the Jack in the Box girl cry. And she's bawling, and she's saying, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," and I'm like, "It's fine. It's fine. I mean, it's not fine, but, you know, it's fine. And I would like to order a Double Jack Meal, and I've kinda got somewhere to be, so maybe less with the crying and more with the frying, huh?" [inhales.] And the girl apologizes, again, and she offers me a free churro with my meal. And as I'm leaving, I think, "I just got a free churro because my mom died. " No one ever tells you when your mom dies, you get a free churro.
As an older person, the last email/text I sent as it would probably be before 20 years and it would kind of tell me when I be dead.
Every person must give me a dollar or God will destroy Earth in 10 days.
Depends on what state you are in. I would go to your local store and see if they can order it for you. They already work with the distributor so it shouldn't be a hard thing for them to do.
It's actually not that bad. My last build back in 2002 had a more expensive, but still cheap, case and I felt I paid what it was worth this time.
I started smoking weed again for insomnia and sometimes I will put on space documentaries and it's times like those where I feel I kind of get it, but then I am sober in the morning and I can't fathom it again.
Unfortunately I think this is going to be the norm this year. It really sucks for skiing (if there is any bright side, the home heating costs will be really low this year)
Just saw Trey last night, it was awesome :) Good shit dude...
Didn't get a bracelet but I went with my friend to Atlantic City in the 90's. They didn't ID me at all at first. They only seemed to care when I started to win big at the roulette table. My friend got pissed on my behalf because he said they did it to stop my luck streak. If we weren't staying in the hotel, we might have gone somewhere else after that.
I had some really bad anger issues growing up due to shitty circumstances. There were times when I contemplated killing people who were bullying me and the only thing that stopped me was the thought that I would go to juvie (didn't even think about hard core prison, just the thought of Juvenile detention scared me). I mean he is months away from signing his life away if he wanted to go to the army and kill people, if 17 is not old enough to understand his actions, then 18 is too young for military recruiters. You can't have it both ways.
3 had the better story, but 4 had the better gameplay IMO
Get in your car, contemplate your life, sit in car for hours crying and wondering how it will get better. So funny :)
As a kid I really thought Rizzo was their cool mom, not a senior in HS and I still thought she was cast too young and should have been grandmom.
Brad Pitt in the Ocean's 11 movies eats all the fuckin time
The top minds have been briganding the /r/news sub for years and lately have gotten a good foothold in all the conversations. And yet they claim the /r/news is a "lefty" sub. Because reason is the enemy of The Donald subs
Cue "ah shit, here we go again"
I do too, but I always tell Marty that when the revolution comes I'll help him kill all the meatbags and crown Bender because I want options when the revolution comes.
Tell me about it. I asked for legislation on it, but the letter from my representatives telling me that regulating Beanie Babies is not practical or legal doesn't give me much hope. Anyway, does anyone want to buy a few beanie babies? $400,000 for 3 of them.
So when I divorced my wife, it was very friendly and the court gave us a lawyer to do the paperwork together (in the same room and everything). She commented on how we were so refreshing and it was nice to see us on the same page. She then discussed how bad her own divorce was. Turned out it was with an officer and she said he made her life hell when he didn't get his way and often said he would get his friends on the force to make her life hell (which they did for about a year). Eventually he moved on and things got better for her, but she started to notice a huge pattern with officers when they get divorced and how they have their fellow officers around to intimidate the other side.
That's just an average. Some people get sick and no amount of money will do anything. Some people will live another 20-30 years just because they have money and can live better.
Waffles by far. Pancakes are okay, especially if you can get banana pancakes, but waffles are the bee's knees.
It might not be sex, but this gave me a woody
For me it was Captain Marvel. It felt like a throwback to the first group. Not terrible, but not great either (although the execution was great like all of the MCU movies)
Part 1 though was amazing, probably my second favorite as they followed the book quite a bit (not exactly, but more so than most of the other movies except PoA)
Yea, it's dated, but for it's time it really hit the zeitgeist of middle America high school.
It had a pretty good 1st and 2nd act, but it falls apart during the 3rd act which is the freaking climax. Most people point to the amazing No Man's land scene, but that is what we should have gotten at the end.
Add a cigar into the mix and it's a really great way to enjoy the rest of the afternoon.
This is the roll Brad Pitt should have been nominated for.
I might splurge and get a small RV so I can go travel to certain summer events and enjoy some comfort instead of trying to find a hammock spot, but otherwise I would do the same, just a nice medium size house, a good 4 wheel drive vehicle and a beater/daily driver car and that would be it.
I tried going with my heart, but every time I chose Professor Oak he would tell me to stop kidding around and take this seriously.
Yea, she was terrible. I think Brie Larson can act (she was great in Room and Short Term 12) but this was just not a good fit for her. It could be the director didn't push her enough as some actors need a good director to motivate them. Her friend on the other hand was great and Samuel Jackson was awesome as always which just highlighted how bad Brie was.
I love whiskey, but I vowed to stop buying any whiskey made in TN and KY. I will lift the ban on KY if they get Mitch McConnell out though. With some great whiskey being made out west and in the Northeast there is no reason to support a state that doesn't support all it's residents.
Reminds me of my "choosing beggar" story. I was living with friends in Harlem for a while. As it was a pain to cook in the house I often grabbed food for dinner. One day I was at Popeye's and a guy was just asking for food. I felt bad as most people just ask for money so I felt he legit just needed some food. I offered to get him an individual size mashed potatoes. He kept insisting on getting the large so I got him nothing. Dude, if you are starving and someone is getting you food, don't piss them off, take what you can.
It's going to be a shit show and Yurtle the Turtle will do all he can to distract and obstruct the whole trail.
I remember reading an article by a security expert and they said you should have a burner "everything" when you travel internationally. Burner phone, laptop, ect. and try to keep anything you MUST have with you on an encrypted flash drive and not disclose it if possible. Let's say you have nothing on your phone or computer, in some cases you will have a keylog program installed on your devices after some countries get their hands on it, especially if you work in technology.
Tied up tight with a hood, mouth gag in place and a vibrator on the clit.....wait, I messed this up....
I usually tell people their worst enemy could be in the same room and all you want to do is chill with them. You are just happy. It also helps with memory recall. I remember taking it once when I was younger and we were watching Jeopardy while we waited for a friend to come over and I was blasting through it getting all the answers because I was able to recall the knowledge I thought I forgot.
Cables are higher, and I am not even talking about the overpriced crap at Best Buy, even monoprice is selling their items at a high markup, but 50% of 5 dollars is just 7.50 so you don't really think about it in terms of percent.
butter cookies hit the spot for me.
I wear shorts year round. Even in blizzards I have walked my dog in shorts (I will wear snow boots)
In "Remember, no Russian" I went and tried to kill everyone and leave no one alive and make sure that I got the kill instead of the others.
If something is really bothering me I will say so, but I won't start a fight over it. Some people live to fight. They enjoy it for the drama and I don't want that. Also if something bothers me, but I can see it is a problem *I* have, then yea, I won't say anything.
For those who don't know: Wagner was a huge anti-semite himself. As such, Adolph and the Nazis idolized him and his music. The hero of the 4 opera Ring cycle was Siegfried and is considered by Hitler to be the ubermench all Aryans should strive to be. PS: Despite this, I love a lot of Wagner's work, enough time has passed where we can separate the music from the maker. BUT, there is still context for this not being cool.
Especially international flights.
I think like Bane, if they take off their wiener helmet it will be VERY painful...
I really liked Dead Man's Chest, but I felt that At World's End felt uneven to me. TBF: the parts of At World's End that were good, were VERY good. I felt they should have stopped at the trilogy and not tried to go with the new movies. The 4th movie was okay I guess, but the last movie was so bad I had to stop watching and gave up.
80% from what I read. They literally didn't film 20% of the script. And not filler, but plot points.
He was getting disgusted with Hollywood and turned down a lot of high profile, big budget movies which kind of black balled him for a while. I think he hated some of the bigger movies he did and wanted to do more real dramatic roles which he wasn't getting.
Her lack of commitment to it shows. So many of the actors/actresses felt like they were phoning it in.
Travolta hits on legal aged people as far as I have heard. Spacey was hitting on 14-16 year olds. That is VERY different.
I feel he became jaded as he was trying to produce a bunch of movies but eventually they all got shelved or he lost the rights to them.
I took it as he had to do a horrible thing because the alternative was worse. I don't think anyone disagreed with Lucius Fox but even he realized that it was the only way to finally capture the joker which was the worst of two evils. Also, I don't think Nolan was trying to justify a police state, he was just making a Batman movie
I had a really bad anxiety attack and I am just so grateful that the doctor told the paramedics that it doesn't matter if it is an anxiety attack, if I am feeling pressure in my chest (which I was) then I am high priority. he also said my heart rate was so high that I could have CAUSED myself a heart attack so it was very important to get me admitted and get my heart rate down.
I guess he phoned it in better than others.
It was over 200, very worrying.....
Even Snake Jazz?
Never heard that before, only heard about him hitting on guys at the gym
90's and it was very controversial and the conductor who performed it was criticized and ostracized for doing so.
I want to see the same type of engine and care for a combat flight simulator.
I sometimes feel Japan needs to hire aggressive Americans to made scenes when there is douchery afoot and be both the good and bad guy.
I've met too many vegetarians/vegans who didn't understand their own privilege and looked down on people who just ate the cheapest they could because eating vegetarian can be expensive if you don't have the right resources to help you.
Cats would be great if you can herd them. But as we all know, there is no way to herd a cat much less a gaggle of them....
Well it's good to know that open and/or poly relationships are not just a new thing but have been around. From an anthropological viewpoint it is very interesting. If you don't care about it, then that would be your right to do so as well.
Hollywood Video is another that bought out a lot of smaller places that they saw growth in. I loved them so much more than Blockbuster.
We really need to start investing in mental health again in the US.
Many of the poorest people are malnourished and missing vital vitamins and minerals, which is why groups like Doctors w/o Boarders needs to come in and treat them.
Howliday Inn was my favorite of the series at the time.
Do what a lot of the Chinese immigrants do and wear a mask anytime you are outside. Wear gloves and don't touch your face with the gloves.
I don't think the healthcare system makes a difference as even if we had single payer most of us would still just push on with just a cold. We would only go to the doctor when we get really bad and by that point it's probably too late and your body just needs to fight it and win or lose (they could probably give you something for pain and symptoms but that is it). You also infected everyone you came in contact with when you were asymptomatic anyway which is the scary part. You could be in a room where everyone is fine, but they hand you something and it's crawling with virus/germs and you don't even realize it and now half the office is infected before a single person shows symptoms.
What sucks even more is that it's probably the guys who are in debt up to their eyeballs who are more susceptible to selling company secrets and they would be the biggest threats to the company. What is even more fucked up that that is that due to shitty labor laws in the US, he can easily be fired for this. They can fire you for any reason other than sexual orientation, gender, age, and race and get away with it.
I was shocked to read that this morning.....
Surprised, I guess the "copypasta" has tainted people from admitting how much fun the show is and I often put on all the seasons for background enjoyment when playing video games or falling asleep.
That would be the selling point. Just let the new owners know the backyard has been tick free since he moved in and he mostly leaves people alone, just let him chill.
I lost it at the closing part. "okay, you're good here, carry on"
Bitey
So dumb, everyone knows you take route 30 through Absecon and you can get into AC and bypass the tolls on the AC expressway. Also the best route if you want to go to the Marina area casinos instead of the boardwalk (but you can go there as well)
If you have too many prey animals they can eat themselves to death as there are more of them fighting for the same food sources which can lead to a scarcity which can kill the entire local species.
Not once has a private prison helped the community (other than when it lined the pockets of judges when they paid them off to put people in their prisons as was the case in PA and the local private Juvie prison). In a normal society we should be working to close ALL prisons, not opening up new ones.
I'm glad I didn't go in. I was thinking this year might be a good year but I want to see if Phish is going to hold a festival first before I commit to anything. even if the rumors are true and there is no real fest this year, i am glad I held off. Might see what the Mountain Jam is going to have lined up.
So this is a short one as nothing happened, but my ex-wife and I decided to finally have a "honeymoon" and we decided to do the old fashioned Poconos resort retreat. For the younger crowd: in the 70's and 80's, before cruise ships took over as the go to for vacation trips, going to the PA Poconos or the NY upstate catskill mts was where you went to for romantic getaways. As we didn't have the money for the cruise we said, we will make our own fun. So one of my wife's list of things to do was get pampered at a spa. Unfortunately the resort we went to didn't have one. So one day after doing a bunch of things we passed by a place that had "massages" sign and my wife asked me to go in and get pricing on a massage and see what else they offered. As soon as I got in it was clear from the decor and the lovely young asian ladies that were there that it was a special type of massage they were advertising. As soon as I got in the car my ex started to laugh as she saw the look on my face and realized what it was. I will admit I would have loved to go in together and both of us get a happy ending, but my ex was too jealous and insecure.
He would be so pissed and hopefully make some really good life changes so I wouldn't end up here.
Don't compare the two. Phantom of the Paradise was awesome. Cats is a horror. One was directed by a master director who gave us some of the best movies of the 1900's while one is a hack who fucked up Les Miserables.
The Irishman was written and filmed with great care by a Master filmmaker. Yet there was nothing in it I hadn't seen before and done better. I have NO desire to rewatch it at all.
I love Eric, especially since he is in New England and understands the horrors of salty rust like most of us. ChrisFix is also a great Youtube channel, I just wish he had more content.
Okay, ALL is hyperbole. We should have very few prisons and only a few high max ones for the truly unhelpable degenerates that just can't be rehabilitated or committed a crime that is so unforgivable that even redeemed they should just be kept from normal society (or if rehabilitated they can go to prisons that really work on rehabilation and he/she could help those that need it and CAN be re-introduced into society.
I know there have been leaks about locations, but there is space between these shows so I am not fully giving up.
I'm fine with it, it's a fair trade-off IMO. It's not like most of us get to enjoy it anyway, the kids are still going to school in near darkness no matter what in early winter and most of us are already at work or going to work so we can't enjoy it.
I just got a new car (well new to me) and the first thing I did was switch out the radio because the factory radio didn't have an aux input so I couldn't listen to my audiobooks and my own music from my mp3 player. I cut off most ad playing things from life and have been so much happier about it.
This is how civil wars get started you know.
So two summers ago a FWB asked me to go to the mall with her just to shoot the shit. We just wanted to walk around and chat and went into the Sears which was my first time in MANY years. It was then I knew it's days were numbered. There were maybe 5 other shoppers in a store that was easily the largest space in the mall (and the mall itself was super crowded, so not a dying mall by any means). I decided to check out the section I usually love the most which has the electronics, sporting goods, and large appliances. It was almost empty of merchandise. Like 3 washer and dryers, 2 refrigerators, 3 TVs. It was just sad and the pricing wasn't even good on the items because they didn't care to change it. It was no surprise when they announced their closing last year.
I'm good with that...carry on
That's why we need to send ships out to collect things. One of those ships can be "the Nostromo" and it can bring back all sorts of cool things....
Noon start time for west coast will be fine. 4pm start on east coast. It ends at normal time and people can sleep.
Become mad scientist create mini-creatures that look like the pinata Put them in the pinata Enjoy the horror as mini-pinata creatures come pouring out of pinata and scamper away
I like putting on BBQ sauce and Horseradish sauce. Such a great combo for a burger, plus pickles and onions. Plus they had good chicken at Roy Rodgers. Fuck there should be more Roy Rodgers around!!!!
I had two for an overnight at a FedEx store. I ACED the first interview with the person who would be my manager. She saw right away I would have been a perfect fit. But I had to interview with the regional manager. She was very unpleasant to me right off the bat (I could even tell the manager who sat in was very uncomfortable with how she started off very dismissive of me right away). She then grilled me about leaving my last job without considering how much I rose from the bottom position to the manager of QC in just 10 years. She only focused on why I left and didn't like my answers. It was one of the worst interviews I have ever been in on either side and ignored all my skills and passion I had for being there. For the record, my last company changed their systems so I was not really doing any quality control, I was just pushing a button and hoping the agent inputted the correct information into our systems. I was miserable and it was not worth my commute. Never got a call back but I felt bad for the manager who probably kept finding good candidates to only be shot down by a shithead.
While you won't get rich, you will have a ton of beanie babies that are cute and you can put them all over the place. I wish they still had them so I could get one to chill in the car and protect it (the crap they sell now are not the same)
It's a different type of competition that doesn't bare on the business model of Iheartradio and has little impact on what they do. I agree that radio is losing business to these newer outlets, but it doesn't matter if they conducted business the same way or if radio was a unique and diverse as it was back in the 70's and 80's, it would still e the same loss. They are only competing with other radio stations and for that reason they have no reason to change as there is no competition on that side of the equation.
House Harkonnen is displeased....
We also have a kickass grow room. Huff huff pass pass.....
I've been trying to get rid of my street kitten, but every fucking night she comes to me for pets and kisses and I would love to let her sleep in the room if my dog wasn't so annoyed by her (he lets her sleep on the bed during the day, but at night he is not having it)
Yep, that's dad all right....
Even better was she didn't clarify what she would do with the knife so she could be held for 48 hours for psychiatric reasons for self harm. Win-win
Sorry, but that never ends, even with many "sane" people. edit: https://twitter.com/nathanwpyle/status/1171593877515636736/photo/1
&gt; Me "I'm gay" user name checks out...
Now I am picturing a female lock-picking lawyer dressed in lingerie and picking locks while explaining each pin position.
I've tried to put things on he could watch, but he seems disinterested in the TV. My cat has been a bit more curious, but then again she's a cat and becomes bored after a few minutes.
Season 3 was perhaps the best season. In fact, season 2 starts out VERY slow, but picks up a lot, especially when it goes into the lore of the first Avatar, which is perhaps some of the best story telling in Korra. I think this is Korra's biggest weakness, it was very uneven and I don't even blame the creators, it was due to the bad handling by Nickelodeon.
I suggest everyone watch the Rifftrax version of the movie so you can enjoy them insulting the movie as you watch it. Makes the movie that much better because you can enjoy someone else hating on it as it goes on.
This is not OP. This is someone who used to post here on Reddit back about 4 years ago or so. Even though she always wore a mask, she was almost outed by a classmate (she was legal) and disappeared. There was an archive of her stuff on Imgur at one point. She was very hot and a few BDSM themed pics as she seemed to really enjoy it. Kind of sad she disappeared, I hope she is well.
If Biden wins the nomination it is going to be a repeat of 2016 I fear. I hope not, but it might happen. Yea, I'll vote for him as I voted for Clinton, but I won't like it. Truthfully had he ran in 2016 he would have won, hands down, but now he is just a distraction. A status quo candidate who will just be the anti-Trump person with nothing good about him other than not being a GOP candidate.
Trump will lose the election but refuse to leave. The GOP senators will rally behind his talk of "rigged elections" and lead us to a constitutional crisis which could end up in a civil war.
Our star is too small to "explode". It's shell will expand outward (probably as far as Mars, while the core shrinks and then the outer shell will be shed and the remaining stuff will be a white dwarf star.
Only if you say it's name three times.
My mom had passed away and we only found out months later (long story on why i didn't know right away). It was not a good day for me. My ex (was my ex at this time) was pissed at me because i was not comforting her after finding out MY MOM passed away. It was then I realized how bad her narcissism got.
Find out if they can LIVE with animals. My ex used to say how much she loves animals and thinks they are super cute. However she was unable to show any warmth or affection for them. To her, they were things that are supposed to just sit there and be cute and maybe do tricks so she can record it for her social media. Once she had to deal with the fact that they can be weird creatures who will pee, poop, break things (sometimes on purpose because they are weirdos), get fur everywhere and then you see that they only like the idea of animals. It really does give you a better sense of who they are.
I'll do one better. Crime in the US is systematically not reported because more and more we no longer see the cops as our friends, but pretty much the enemy and as long as no one was physically hurt, we only report things if we need a physical report for insurance purposes.
You are right. Sometimes animals can get jealous and will eventually come around when they realize you are not going to push their owner out of their lives. Yes, there are times when an animal can tell there is something off about someone, but it is not always cut and dry.
Next you are going to tell me Quentin Tarantino has a foot fetish?
There have been anonymous people who have come online to proclaim it and state he surprisingly has a lot of pull in Hollywood. It could be he is part of the Epstein group and knows a lot of shadow people who can fuck you up.
I'd wonder how I didn't shift in my sleep and how I ended up on my back...
It is even though I don't use it as much in winter, I am hoping once the weather warms up I will be back to my 2-3 times a week habit.
story time ?
I know they also have chapter rides in the US. NYC has a Critical Mass ride once a month if I recall correctly.
Creepshow, or more precisely the last story "They're creeping up on you". I was terrified of roaches ever since and I vowed to never live in a place that had them ever again.
It always bothered me that they ate the structures of those builder creatures till they had an episode that addressed it.
And I would love to be in a threesome with a hot milfy mom and her daughter but that ain't gonna happen, just like this request.
Oh, I know that. When Trump was running, Arnold was one of the few Republicans who didn't change his tune about Trump when he won the nomination and stated it was bad for the GOP and they were selling their soul. More GOP members should have stood with Arnold and not Trump.
I think I responded to the wrong person as I was telling the guy who wanted people to leave "his state" (who deleted his comment). I wouldn't tell people to leave "my" state as it's not "my" state. Just a state I live in at the moment.
That movie just didn't work. It was directed so poorly (yet it was a good director) and some of the book elements that worked on paper didn't work on the screen. Sometimes when you adapt a movie you have to know what to change to make it work for the visual media and what to keep in and how to make it work. Funny enough, the brain scene was a good one to me. But I hated the hitting over the head style of sexism. Silence of the Lambs had sexism in it, but it never bashed you over the head. It was subtle and that is the type of sexism most women experience, not the huge grandiose shit from a sexist egotistical bigot, but the everyday comments that are spoken w/o realizing they are sexist.
I found it hot, but to each their own....
I never had both at the same time so it would be interesting. I too choose this guy's childhood and self-esteem.
Even without looking at his name I knew this was bullshit and I was going to go searching for proof of it being bullshit till someone pointed it out.
It was based on the book by Jack Ketchum (who was one of the early pioneers of the hardcore genre of horror books) and he based it on a real life story. The movie was very much not as bad as the book and other books in the hardcore genre. Generally they are very quick reads and while I like to think there is little that can shock me, there have been books I have read that fucked me up (the writing might have been terrible, but the stories are fucked up)
I saw it in the theater and to me it was the end scene with the doppelganger. that shit gave me claustrophobia, probably because the music that was playing was really fucking with me. Loved the movie though.
Written and directed by The Bear Jew....
It got way too much hate but was such a great movie. I think winning the academy award is what did it, but other than Fargo, there were not many films that should have won.
Biggest disappointment of last year. So much great world building that is hinted at that can be explored, so let's instead have a son longing for his dad's approval movie with ideas that don't make sense.
I heard they were going to stop doing this due to so many complaints but who knows. Amazon was always a shitty company that was only good due to fast shipping and good customer service, but they are pretty fucking evil.
Even when you are recognized, it might not matter in the end. I used to bust my ass in my last company and they recognized it and I kept getting promotions and eventually got a different role where I was the QC manager and excelled at it and they learned to deal with the voids I left. However when they realized they could save money by changing the system and they needed more than one person in QC BUT they didn't need any real skill, then it became all about getting rid of the overpaid dude. They don't need you and don't care about you so just do your job and do it well and that's it. If you are feeling that they are not treating you well go find a new job somewhere else because it is easier to find something when you are not desperate than when you are down to your last dollar and keep putting off bills.
I thought AT&amp;T sold all it's CT property to Frontier.
Pythons can be moody. I suggest a rat snake or a milk snake to beginners.
I've never had an issue with them personally.
That is how I felt about Friendly's. My parents would never want to go there, so as a teen/young adult it was a treat when i would go there with friends when we would travel. Now the thought of going there is gone. It's okay for breakfast if you can't find a diner, but that's it.
There was a "cafe" that was a front in my old neighborhood in Brooklyn. They had some good lattes though.
Waffle House seems like that local greasy spoon place you know you shouldn't go to but the combination of tasty food and cheap prices make it so worth it.
I always skip the pizza and go for the stuffed bread and sandwich instead. Much happier for doing that.
I think the protesters in Ohio back during Vietnam kind of proved that the National Guard don't give a fuck....
&gt; He did a pretty good job on 9/11 You mean when he forced the emergency response office to relocate to the World Trade Center, despite the fact that the Towers were already targeted once just a few years earlier? But sure, his response was fine, oh, other than the fact that he tried to cancel the mayoral elections and keep his job like a fascist. Do you remember that? Pepperidge farm remembers.
Well it's the GOP, but they seem to be learning how to be just as scummy as their defacto leader.
Most church goes don't "Read" the bible, They have it read to them and then interpreted by the idiot on the stage as if they were the all knowing father (they even get that name, father). Now, I know there are good congregations out there, but seriously, I am sure there is a 99:1 ratio of psychos to normal preachers in the US.
Also, despite what people think if they never read the books and only know the movies. The books are fucking amazing! I grew up being a heavy reader and read quite a number of books, but most of them were adult books because a lot of the young adult books were geared for a certain audience (Nancy Drew, the Babysitter's club books, ect). So when HP came out and I was an adult I decided to see why kids were reading it so much and seriously they are great. They don't treat the kids as idiots and like the kids growing up in the books, so do the situations and demeanor of the characters. It's an excellent achievement and even professional writers like Stephen King believe, like I do, that they are some of the best fantasy books written during it's time period and will be classics that people read years later.
For now is my hope and eventually it will expand.
Git some....
So when I was young I always knew I wanted to be tied up. Unfortunately I am part of the "lost generation" when it comes to BDSM and when I was finally old enough to go out and explore it was hard to find groups and the internet was still just boards with no websites and no meeting places. Eventually I found a group that was putting on a convention (and they still hold a gathering every 4th of July weekend except for this year due to Covid). But when I was there as a sub I felt very ostracized as not only was Dom Male Sub Female the norm, but so was the high-protocol style of play. I guess it's the reason why I was on and off about the lifestyle all my life even though it is much better now and very inclusive of all types YET I still find I get more pick up play as a Top which is not as natural to me (as I need to feel the right energy to do certain top type plays). Also, I find that a lot of the "Dommes" at events are looking for future clients. While not universal, it is something that I have noticed. In addition, there has always been an angry way sub males are played with: without asking, verbal humiliation is always something that seems like it is okay, often without asking as if that even mentioning the fact that you don't want to be subjected to abstract humiliation is abnormal. Even look at some of the play: female subs are subjected to forced orgasms (they get to have pleasurable experiences till they can't take anymore) male subs are given ruined orgasms (fuck your pleasure). Oh, and let's not forget that there are some female tops are just as likely to ignore limits as some male tops, but are almost universally never called out on it or ostracized from communities when they are, while the males are banned from the group and their events. As much as I love some of the inclusions in the scene, it has a LONG way to go for equality and some of the local groups have never taken steps to address it. And your feelings about the disparity are part of the problem that the groups also never seem to address as well.
"No, I don't think I will" _ Capt. Rodgers
[Trump the antichrist](https://www.benjaminlcorey.com/could-american-evangelicals-spot-the-antichrist-heres-the-biblical-predictions/)
I want to see a 20-something Robert Baratheon with full Armour and his war hammer come sauntering on. Now THAT would be terrifying.
"Sounds reasonable. 10 years of hard labor, Next Case" _ shitty judge
Man, Cuomo went from Pandemic hero Governor to asshole really quick. I think he forgot that he is not running as a GOP nominee in the future and that he won't get the police endorsement no matter what.
I remember we once made mushroom tea in my younger days at my friend's house. His mom came home MUCH earlier than expected because she was having migraines. Before we could stop her, she poured herself some tea and drank it. We didn't know what to do so we just left (my friend gave her some Excedrin and prepared her some food for dinner before we left). Of course we were concerned and eventually went back to check in on her and she was on the couch really getting into a stupid show or movie and she was so happy because her migraine was completely gone (if you ever had a migraine, Excedrin will usually dull the pain, not take it away completely most of the time). She didn't say anything else after that and we were happy she was happy.
Unless you are at a high class establishment, you are NOT getting fresh pasta, you are getting the same 1 dollar a bag supermarket pasta. Now, if you are at a good place that makes it's own pasta, then sure, just the labor alone would be worth the price they charge.
Yea, as someone who was married to a person with Borderline Personality Disorder, there is no meaningful communication you can have with them when they are having an "episode". You just need to agree at the moment and circle back when they calm down.
I actually wanted something like this as I have a small half bath and I can then put in a small shower in the half bath as space is limited. I wonder if I could find one legally though....
DH w/ a vengeance was JUST as good as the original and can be argued it might be better. It's exactly what I want an action movie to be. IF I have one grip is that the movie should have kept the original ending or ended when they escaped the ship and it allows the bad guy to win (maybe setting up a sequel).
And yet he was offering policies that were what the young people wanted and agreed with. There are always outliers.
I'd love to be Jerry. In fact I am thinking of keeping some bees (setting up my backyard and I'll see how it plays out)
Thanks, I think there are some great youtube videos from people who shit on the 5th movie and give better examples. If you have not seen the previous 4 movies, check them out, they are pretty good (especially 1 and 3)
I do agree the 4th movie is a step down from the previous 3, but other than McClaine being a bit too "super human" I feel it follow the "wrong place/wrong time" motif of the previous movies and it still has a bit of the same feel.
Yet the police union will ensure that departments ignore this law as well. The Union itself does everything it can to help bad cops keep their jobs and pensions. Its amazing that the group that basically helped/helps keep regular working people's unions weak has a Union so strong it has practically destroyed our nation.
Also there is NOTHING in the pipeline to go see. WTF are they even going to show that is worth risking your health for? I don't even know what movies they CAN release at this point. Most movie studios are waiting for a full theater potential before they release their good stuff (except for kid movies as they have been doing well on stream release)
40 something male. I usually find a beanie baby type guardian for my car. I just got a new car, but looking for the right guardian. Don't worry what others think and do your own thing.
I don't think the studios will release top tier movies unless they know they can fill the seats and it's going to be a slow roll out before theaters are packed like they were for movies like Avengers 4. They will probably only release the movies that they were projecting were going to flops or just not as good box office as their prime movies. As such, I don't know what in that category is in the pipeline and don't expect WW88 or BW to be released till end of summer if not held back for a year as they are summer type blockbuster movies and Summer is usually the prime movie season.
They should have gotten Donald Glover in as well.
Iron Man did great AND they were basically setting up for an eventual Avengers movie. So at that point, he should have listened to Marvel and understand, even if it didn't up being 20 plus movies in the MCU, there was going to at least be 3 Iron Man movies with more possible (which as we see happened). He should have trusted the vision and instead got too greedy. Sometimes, taking the less money up front for future gains is the smarter play (as Robert Downey Jr has shown us)
Hey, Back in the day Chipolte was fucking great. Then they changed all the recipes for the white yuppies and made it bland as fuck....
Interesting. I have a bottle of this and the india pale ale barrel aged from Glenfiddich and I think I might pop it open to see what I get from it.
I don't know. If they said they HATED it, I would be like "fuck you". If they said it just was not their type of humor/movie and couldn't get into it, sure I could accept that.
The KKK style hoods are PPE against Corona? In what reality?
The original idea was it was supposed to have an arc with a finality with 5 seasons. But then dump trucks full of money showed up and everyone said, sure let's keep going.
Having to deal with an abusive spouse. When I was a kid they drilled it in about male on female spousal abuse. I think only now is there finally SOME talk about females being the abusers. It took me way to long to realize I was with a NBPD person and how toxic it is to myself and others.
I remember a TV story about a guy suing to join the state troopers after being dropped for getting too high a score on the entrance exam and the state's response was that smart people often quit in higher numbers and as such it's costlier to train. With all the fucking money they get for tanks and gas maybe it's worth it to have smarter dudes who will be more temperamental and able to deal with problems w/o going for their taser or gun every second they get pissed off.
No, it's lengthwise when she is there, diagonal when she's not there
You can get a brand new Maverick 120x for 399. So with tax it would probably be the same price. Now that sounds great, except that the PDF might not be good for you (I can't wear a lot of PDFs because of my short and stout build) and the paddle might be SUPER heavy and you might want to splurge on a good paddle. As such, to me, it depends on the condition of the kayak and if the "extra" items are worth getting for free or not. edit: Yea, I am not a fan of Pelican kayaks. If you go recreational, there are quite a few other manufacturers which would be a better fit and not much of a difference in price.
When I was working in Manhattan, the Dunkin Donuts across the street changed to a Tim Hortons. I was so excited....till I actually tried it out. The coffee was terrible (okay not much different than Dunkin), but the donuts were meh. other than the maple danish nothing was really better than what I can get from any other place. I even got their frappe drink and I guess they use cool whip instead of whipped cream and I am not a huge fan.
Reminds me of the [Entry of the Gods in Valhalla](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8gNEEvYjy0) from Richard Wagner's Das Rheingold.
Yes, their shit is cheap, but some items are fine. A socket set is NOT going to kill me if it sucks and breaks. I would rather buy it cheap once and if it fails, THEN spend the money for a better one. 80% of the tools I bought from them are working fine with light to medium use. I don't use anything of theirs that could kill me if it fails (well their wheel chocks, but that's fine and they work great). Most people can't afford to get to grade tools all the time.
I got a cheap sawzall from HF to cut down some small trees/brush from my side and back yard that I had neglected for years. Fucker took down some pretty hefty trees (biggest one about 3-4 inches in diameter).
I can kind of get behind this. I need a good drink and need to make some friends.
Quick, get Elmer Fudd....
I don't even care about the voting 'no' on impeachment. What pissed me off was voting 'no' on hearing evidence.
Videos like this and the 'karen' who gets bitched slapped are what we need to see more of. All too often they think they are untouchable and have been acting like assholes w/o consequences for WAY too long. And while getting fired is a start for some of them, getting the shit kicked out of them is a more lasting lesson. They won't soon forget that saying shit out loud can get thier asses kicked (and they should be LUCKY that is all that happens to them). In some neighborhoods, they might get shot or stabbed.
Why not both.jpg But seriously, the only reason I don't get excited when the ice cream truck comes around is that they don't take cards and I rarely have cash on hand :(
MONTY PYTHON'S FLYING CIRCUS....
CT resident here. SO many people from MA and CT go to VT and NH for skiing. Unless they want to have limited openings and have half their mountains closed, especially during the weekday, then there is no way that will work.
As much as I hate to encourage violence, we need more of this. People think saying horrid shit has no consequences. IT DOES. Getting your ass beat will probably make more of a difference than getting fired ever could. It won't change the racism, but it will keep them from being outwardly racist.
As much as I would love for it to be legal, this is a huge step. As someone with chronic pain, this might be the answer I was looking for as I can't buy regular stuff (I only take low THC strains to help sleep) and I had to stop due to being laid off as I don't know if I have to get tested if I find a new job that tests (I know there are still issues with this even if I have a prescription, but its a start)
5th Element was his most underrated work IMO. His character had to come off as likable, smart, funny, and both confident as well as lost sometimes. Just look at the scene with him and Gary Oldman. Gary gives it his all and chews up every scene he is in. Yet in the scene where they meet Ian is able to match him and comes out on top. PS: I also will always have a soft spot for Time Bandits as it was one of my favorite movies growing up.
As many a dog will tell you, you can, but be prepared for the fun to begin at that point....
I will say, that was the ONLY time I was embarrassed being there. otherwise it was one of the best festivals I have ever been to. And it was due to some over enthusiastic people who were having fun and not thinking things through, not being willful assholes. Super peaceful, for a 'captive' group, prices for items were not too bad (and we were able to get a lot of food and water inside anyway). The few fights that broke out were quelled by the groups there and the fighters usually made up and hugged it out (and there was one that was shown on MTV I heard where they both took a hit from a joint, drank a shot of whisky, and then hugged it out). The bands were mostly enjoying themselves and gave good performances and I felt very welcomed there. I am glad I missed 1999's festival as it was the opposite of that and a complete shit-show. Which kind of showcases the two opposing sides of Gen-X/Y.
Doubt it, It's probably him saying it's the DEMS who are the BIG GUV who are taking your rights.
2003: Press: How do you know Iraq has weapons of Mass Destruction? Bush: I kept the receipts 2020: Press: How do you know foreign countries are trying to rig our elections? Trump: I kept the transcripts of our calls. I have the best calls.
Vincent Adultman. He does business at the business store.
Everyone is saying Streaming, but in truth, DVDs were the beginning of the end. When they went to DVD, 1 out of every 4 DVDs I got from Blockbuster were unplayable because people would treat DVDs like crap and they were not as reliable as VHS tapes. At the same time, DVDs were getting cheaper to buy and Netflix DVD service was much better for some people as it was a one price per month service (and VERY cheap). Streaming and Pirating rounded out the beginning of the end a few years before 2005 when you saw the drop (Blockbuster probably got investments by speculators that were too short sighted to see the negatives and how DVDs were going to become niche) Finally: Bluray (and to some extent it's rival) created an uncertainty with what the future holds as the life of the DVD didn't look long-term to some people.
Just like releasing the last movie before someone actually read the script and realized it was terrible.....
Just take it you freaky looking moppet!
Back in the 90's he was in a famous TV show...
I remember feeling a SMALL earthquake in NYC. I was on the 12th floor and I felt it but other didn't. I got the fuck out of there till it was cleared.... I couldn't imagine it going on for like a minute or so.
Common did a good job in John Wick 2, and Colin is a solid actor who had left the Hollywood system for a while to do good independent movies, so maybe he really liked the script or it's a favor.
If real life has taught me anything, soon they will be going for toilet paper.....But I need my ton of TP, especially if I am in deep space.....
Let the Heathens spill theirs on the Dusty Ground....God shall make them pay for each sperm that can't be found......
It's the everything else. Also, the Buddhist version is not skewed on it's corner. Here is a visual representation of the difference: https://live.staticflickr.com/5018/5435264023_65321eed77.jpg
Hey, he was the best [WalMart Greeter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdJr1uTJuxc)
We pretty much admitted to doing that. It's not a secret. We even know the name of the program: Operation Paperclip. Our NASA was basically built up by the Nazi rocket scientists. Shit, we know about this back when Russia and the US were still in a cold war. So what the hell are you talking about "admitting the truth"? And hey, the Russians were doing the same thing. We had intelligence of this during WW2 as tensions were very high as the Russians were pissed off about how slow we were to invade Europe.
Make sure you get a real attachment from a reputable source and not a homemade one. Bad things happen if not.....
This is funny...
Nice, but shouldn't it be a Mexican anthem type song?
CT here, I'll expect my pizza on Friday, thank you....
Honorable mention for the plane scene from Rises.....I just wish the movie as a whole was as solid as that beginning....
I'm so happy I found a lumber store nearby that delivers for cheap. It's actually cheaper to have it delivered than buy the overpriced Home Depot crap and try to take it home yourself.
The Devil's Rejects was highly acclaimed, otherwise it would fit. I find it so weird how critics hated House of 1000 Corpses, but loved DR's. I mean, yea it's a better movie, but Ho1000 was just pure evil fun....
31 was bad, BUT Richard Brake was AMAZING in his role and it made me enjoy the movie so much because of his small time on screen.
