just friendly reddit advice, hit spacebar twice and then hit enter and you will make a new paragraph. A greater-than "&gt;" makes a quote from a paragraph. put a blank paragraph after a quote to end the quote. would make this a lot easier to read: I'LL DO MY BEST... &gt; Can you provide more insight as to why the GS tour was extremely short? THE INTIMACY OF THAT RECORD IS REFLECTED BY THE VENUES IT WAS PERFORMED AT. IT DIDN'T FEEL LIKE A STADIUM TOUR ALBUM PLUS THEY ALREADY A GOOD IDEA WHAT WAS COMING NEXT SO WE DIDN'T HAVE TO WAIT LONG. &gt; What in your opinion, has changed the most in terms of getting signed and promoting a record in British music industry from the 90's to today? SORT OF ANSWERED THIS ONE. THE MOST? IN TWO WORDS: THE INTERNET. &gt; Are label deals not as powerful as self-promotion at the moment? DEPENDS ON THE LABEL AND THE ARTIST BUT I WOULD URGE EVERY ONE TO SELF-PROMOTE. &gt; During the X&amp;Y/Viva era, I was under the impression that Chris had a reluctance to have their songs in ads (I might be muddling this up here) and in my opinion, that has somewhat remained true to this day for the other records. Any particular reason? NO, THAT'S NOT QUITE RIGHT. THE BAND HAVE ALWAYS SAID SINCE PARACHUTES THEY WOULD NEVER AGREE TO USE OF THEIR MUSIC IN COMMERCIALS, UNLESS THEY WERE ADVOCATES. THEY NEVER HAVE - THE ONLY (SORT OF) EXCEPTION WAS THE APPLE AD. &gt; How does exactly the deal with Parlophone and Atlantic work - does Atlantic only handle promotion in US/rest of the world outside of the EU/UK? (I've probably got this wrong somewhere too). THAT'S A LONGER STORY ABOUT EMI BEING SOLD OFF BUT PARLOPHONE REMAINING AND BEING PART OF WARNERS (THEREFORE ATLANTIC IN THE U.S)... COMPLICATED BUT THERE'S DEFFO AN ARTICLE ONLINE ABOUT THAT. &gt; Don't know if you can disclose this, but is touring or record sales/streaming/royalties more lucrative for a band of Coldplay's stature? I DON'T TALK MONEY :-) &gt; Finally, when is Life is Beautiful being released? 12th OF NEVER!
MUUUURRRRRPPHHHHHHH
if you want to complain, then soviet; but in communist russia the jokes get you
comrade's LPT: first kill bear before using his hands to gather food. trying to gather food with hands of live bear requires too much vodka
[fade out and in: murph is decades older] &gt; you once told me that by the time you came back we might be the same age. And today I'm the same age you were when you left. It'd be a real good time for you to come back.
for certain definitions of "a few" (fractions of one)
The question is definitely too vague. "start your life over at age 10" suggests you go back to when you are 10. However it could definitely mean you are turned into a 10 year old here and now.
This is just a conspiracy theory but what if there arent even inspectors at all? And they just look at other reviews and how crowded the place is, and bam theres the star system?
Have you seen Anime? summarization is not really their milieu
It's got nearly 1/4 of the world's fresh liquid* water.
at first glance yes there appear to be different styles of vents scattered around the entire structure. But you have to ask youself:why? Its clearly a structural part of the bridge decks, making it also hold air vents would just add a lot of material given the same strength requirements (i.e. making them all hollow) while not really doing anything a simple metal tube could also do. Instead, i am pretty sure none of those are air vents of any kind. The vertical striped sections are metal supports for the load above it (note that they occur only each time a load will be tied into the support) and the darker/crosshatched areas are debris covers over bolted sections of the support (probably due to chipping material hazards)
I got u fams: http://experiencetokyo.net/hakozaki-junction-a-complex-web-of-highway-construction/
http://experiencetokyo.net/hakozaki-junction-a-complex-web-of-highway-construction/
They are definitely support panels for the foundations of the roadways/railways above. Dont believe me? Thats ok. [Heres an insanely high res shot](https://farm8.staticflickr.com/7272/14032572982_5b252c5783_o.jpg) of the same roadway. Enhance-away!
I think the "commonly held" pattern is that failure "breaks momentum of success" and causes the participant to have to build momentum again to avoid more failure. I think the lede is buried here though: the key to success isn't whether or not you failed the last time you tried it, the key is how you dealt with the emotions.
"Tarrifs are working!" trade deficit at an all time high "my economic recovery (that i started) is going great, thanks to low taxes!" dow index now lower than a year ago when tax bill was signed you could literally take ANYTHING he says, then say the truth (i.e. opposite) after it, play the Arrested Development theme song, and it would be a hit on Netflix for 6 seasons
except when you get away with murder and he sells you the fuck out in a mcdonalds clogged heartbeat
In his pathetic brain, any kind of trade deficit is "a rigged system" where "they are taking advantage of us" and his "Easy to win trade war" was supposed to fix that. womp womp
And i dont think you can pardon someone for crimes that havent been reported/charged yet, can you? You cant just give someone a get out of jail for life card. Should Trump be charged officially with something, it would make sense that he would resign and accept a pardon but there could very well be more charges waiting for him after that happens.
still a thing (although probably much less intensity now due to equipment improvements) my son had to have a MAG 3 scan where they put a gamma emitting water in the patient and then watch it with a gamma camera to see how it moves from kidneys to bladder. The thing is, the natural process takes at least 90 mins anyway so you have to watch the whole time.
Unless you are past 12v the motors themselves will hold up fine, the gearboxes will go out though, which are far more expensive to replace than motors. Surprisingly (maybe?) bare new motors are less than $10 each (even upgraded ones ring in about $10) but the gearboxes are $30-40 a side, depending on source(generally makes sense to find them used)
You can cheap out and just use the 12v charger one at a time on each battery (since you go to 24v by putting 2 12v batts together in series) and buying a second 12v charger is cheaper than finding one designed for 24v.
hahahah, dat long con
This is the buried lede. The dirtiness of the diesel they are allowed to use in international waters is the problem. They could offset all the carbon starting tomorrow and still be choking the planet with foul, non-carbon pollution.
[groan] you are just warming up for your family christmas, arent you
I think I know how they got it in 2 takes "you wanted me to be a technical advisor, did you not, *director maggot*" "sir yes sir" "the aforementioned completed takes featuring your sergeant are the finest cinema you have ever witnessed, are they not, *director maggot*" "sir yes sir"
oh god, the joy on my kids' faces when they realize they can snap the wheel into a turn, keep the pedal down, and let the back end rip around... priceless (ofc, this was after a high-turn motor upgrade, to get a much higher top speed at 12v)
"BUT theres one on your hair. hold still goddammit this is for karma"
its almost like, theres more than one person with hair walking in the snow right now
Did you stop before someone ran you off for being an unlicensed vendor?
why own a private jet when i can get a costco Jet Card (private jet privileges at almost any airport) and take home Costco Cash at the same time?
&gt; Increasing the limit on your existing card isn’t going to help. It will help if his credit/debt ratio is crap. Limits going up boost the ratio and in a month or two, his score will go up as a result. OP might need to piece his solution together a few at a time (get his score up, then go shopping for balance transfers)
"Is it possible to consolidate the debt? This is why we need financial education in high school." You still live at home: have you even asked your parents for advice?
Arthur Miller sure wasnt ever afraid to tell a story about a dismal fucking shitshow, was he
I dont get why Chase, which has been collecting digital photos of its customers for DECADES, doesn't just show the teller their pic of who is supposedly standing in front of them.
Unfortunately the fraud system (FALCON) set up to monitor debit/credit transactions is not the same one used to monitor branch activity.
yeah since i got a chromecast my xb360 gets like hardly any use any more. and when it does, it needs an update.
"MOOOOOM I DID NOT WANT NICEBOY777 AS A USERNAME NOW EVERYONE IS CALLING ME GAY" "oh son, they are going to do that no matter what your handle is"
for some kids watching the loading screen while they savor the "new plastic" smell is just part of christmas
we run the streets; stop light
Not to a USB2 attached HDD it sure as shit does not "top out at just over 900mbps". The bottleneck to attached storage on the TB is too big. Same HDD clocks over 1Gbps on a desktop and at about 800 Mbps on my Renegade sbc.
i have seen so many conflicting opinions on this lately but its like the tide is turning toward Roth. I just dont get it, if i am planning on living in my retirement on less dollars (which is fair, my house will be paid off, no job to commute to or buy clothes for, etc) that means that getting out of taxes now, seeing the interest compound, and then getting taxed on the smaller annual amount later, why doesnt that work out better? do a lot of people land in retirement going "god i cant take money out fast enough! shit look at me up here in the 37% tax bracket! wish i had it in a roth!"
my super well thought out plan is this: sell the 4br home since it will be way too big for me and my wife, take the proceeds to buy a smaller place outside the city (maybe near our kids) and then take the extra $ to do our "lavish retirement" phase. the back end... ALL PRETAX HSA BAYBEEEE
Retirement isnt about getting a giant lump you have to pay taxes on, the day you retire. Say we are comfortable with the current 12% bracket which gets us $77,400 a year to live on. That means our $2 mil gets (federally) taxed 115,000 by the time we are done spending it.
I'm not using either as a NAS, for this reason, but the performance on the Pi was not half of whats on the TB. The pi samba performance peaked at 34 MBps, the TB peaked at about 37. Sure in theory the TB should be 2x faster since the root hub is effectively doubled, but there are other bottlenecks on the TB that affect the peak performance. bottlenecks that dont just "go away when you check them".
could still take a day, if the rumors are true and some are 30-60GB of data. even with "Fast internet" you arent the only one unboxing a new ps4 that day. sony will be rekt and you will be playing it on newyears instead.
And i feel like, if your kid really is one of the weirdos who "has to set his console up from scratch no matter what" you probably know that as a parent and will act accordingly. all the edgelords infesting these LPT threads with their "i would be so mad if my parents infested my ps4 with their updates" calm tf down. they know youre fucking weird. dont worry.
break my fucking back since even in $100 form (largest in common circulation) 10 million dollars is *220 pounds* (100 kilos) of cash.
dont forget the carryon limit is about 40 lbs (50 for some, or international). 10 million in cash is *220 lbs* meaning you would need 5 suitcases to not break the weight limit.
now think about how *heavy*. everyone thinks "oh cash, its so lightweight" but nope, that shit adds up. $10 mil in hundreds is 220lbs
its vegas, if youre a cab driver youre going to cross the entire strip at least a few times every single damn day.
The question is: whats the rate on the student loan debt and do you have any other debt or any other issues securing medical care (example: do you have an out of pocket max that will reset in january). If you and your wife were well qualified and timed the student loans well, they could be at, say 2%-3% which means don't pay it off because there are plenty of other good ways to grow that capital. If its a non government, robber-baron loan at like 10% then yeah you should be thinking about paying it off because you will basically make $3,000 on your $30,000 in the first year alone.
If you really want to savor it, get in a crib w/ some bleach
i aladeen this shitty clarification
I *love* how theres the little bumper at the top of the ramp that the pup can bonk into just in case he gets too much momentum on his way up the ramp. Plus its adjustable/collapsible. A++ work my dude
*its actually* Barenstein's monster. Barenstein was the doctor
I got a serious chuckle out of this redo of the lyrics with full "consent awareness": https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/holderness-familys-remix-of-baby-its-cold-outside-emphasizes-consent-goes-viral
honest q: do you fly standby just for vacation trips? and is it because youre an airline employee that you get the free tickets?
except this time there are actual witches and they are terrible at paying taxes and generally acting lawfully
yep this is the shutdown paradox, a shutdown pretty much always costs way more than any of the attempted budgeting tricks that caused it would accomplish. its very expensive to backpay everyone, cover overtime for required workers, etc.
you should have an AMA or a youtube channel or something, that sounds heckin' interesting
in my mind, for some reason i just interpret "directors cut" as "same movie but longer".... maybe when i have a few hours to actually watch two movies in a row (hah when the kids are out and im retired) i will give it a shot.
its a replica, its not.... one at all.
scooby doo did
welcome to 2018: computers are so cheap, small, and plentiful that you need radio beacons to find them
google voice huh. when i was 12 i was lucky if my C64 made a beep boop doot when i started up jumpman, jr
are you a postal worker? and you wrote back 300 letters to kids? man thats awesome and so much beyond your job, way to be a great human
did you spend it/send it?
is that really their only check against flying someone to the wrong place? i mean why ask this guy and not, each of a plane of 200
This is a terrible take. The Play updates, that 5-6 year old phones still get, have addressed every security issue uncovered in Android going back several years. The whole "your phone is worthless once OS updates stop" is just ignorant FUD.
a gallon huh? did you do empirical testing?
&gt; the fucking roars from the cheering crowds of 2 million people not that it takes away from your party but theres pretty much 0% chance there were ever 2 million people in times square at the same time on NYE, its just far too small even if you include a 5 block radius around the square. https://www.ny1.com/nyc/all-boroughs/news/2018/12/30/experts--times-square-crowd-size-closer-to-100-000
except that puzzle factory would be out of business so fast. you think people wouldnt be stark raving furious to get to the end of the puzzle and have a missing piece? multiply that by a few dozen, word gets around, and all of a sudden shitberg puzzle co is closing its doors
pretty gross burger lets leave it there
lmao i think i have ptsd from watching that guy talk about his ptsd for so long
i want to not subscribe. i really do. ahh fuck it, subscribed
whenever you cant see anything about the bottom of the thing youre sliding down... it must mean its great and nothing could go wrong for sure
ha the old "oh, this is going in the garbage now!" punishment switcharoo has come out more than once with my kids, too. glad to see im not the only one who's sadistic enough to demoralize my kids by way of material attachment but too frugal to actually commit
IMO the effort is far better spent trying to get services running on two different platforms IE AWS + Azure. The odds of that saving your bacon are a lot higher than of paying one of them twice for two different availability regions.
its a ranch, and its a bar. My dude you just described where i want to go when i die
How do they even get that marbeling so intense? its not even comparable to others. do they just literally feed it nothing but butter its whole life
God think of all the kids that got irreparably harmed by watching Mrs Doubtfire
given how fast it gets away from the ground and into the cloud layer, its got to be significantly sped up. Most orbital rockets take 5 to 8 minutes to reach orbital velocity. Given this guy is done in 1:32 give or take its probably at least 4x fast
good catch, i wonder if its some leftover guidance control trying to keep acting after its out of the atmosphere and orbital (at which point its doing nothing at all).
sorry, thought this was /r/space and not /r/highupintheair just kidding. what rocket was this?
Not sure why this is being downvoted, since doing this does hedge against future "Borrowed" money. The immediate risk in the company doing this is NOT just losing a few bucks in market gains, its that the company does it, goes bankrupt in the process, and then your retirement account is permanently short (until you maybe get some sort of settlement from bankruptcy court). Calmly walk, don't run, for the exit with all your cash. Do whatever you have to do to safeguard your salary, retirement, and vacation payout while you transition to a new job.
caving? volume 100% i never want to get caught off guard by them rattlin bones
I love how Roger Stone is literally a caricature of a hyper-aware grandpa trying way too hard to talk to his grandkids. All this serious shit he does on instagram, as if its a journalistic platform and not just a swamp of godawful narcissists. Grandpa, insta is for ab models hawking cleanse juice! get your political crap off of it! I want to look at girls in yoga pants!
next level drowning game. i like it.
sharks sparing black people 2020
"make assaults great again" only grope hotties 2020
he cant win in the long run but he can fight long and delay which when youre small, it costs you big (relative to your business). his "fortune" is literally made exclusively on this bullshit, its the one and only thing he's gotten good at. "pay me for my work" "you didnt do it right, prove it" "heres photos of the finished work compared to the plans" "well this expert says you didnt" "ok this other expert says i did" "fine now i have two experts saying you didnt" it literally just takes fucking forever to get to the end of those kinds of battles.
it went up in smoke
it should come as no surprise that you too can google "container ship efficiency" just like anyone else on reddit. the simple law of capitalism is that if larger ships were not more efficient (mostly in terms of fuel) then they would not exist. you dont need a study to prove that but you can see all the numbers on each successive ship generation if you care to look.
Its just not that simple. You cant go to a store and look for TVs, and see a 50" from china for $500 and a 50" from the USA for $750 and vote then with your wallet on how sustainable you wan to be. The choice is already made for you. The economic countermeasure to this is de-externalizing the costs i.e. somehow baking the cost of making the port of Miami sustainable into the goods that go through it. But to do that you need everyone to agree that the measures are fair and necessary.
"can you BELIEVE what AOC tweeted this morning??! ha neither can we!"
"No doubt you've discovered that loyalty to your country is no longer the checks-and-balances of the realm, as your father believes." "what is?" "...I'm afraid checks and balances, are the checks-and-balances of the realm."
bet you know who we can kill with that ladder though
not that i know, but how hard could it be? just give some advice on how to do it right. dont assume they would be bad at it if they tried and had feedback
ahhh a kill room at the top of the nether so hes always trying to fly up but crashes into bedrock like a lameass.... smart
of course it doesnt cost that much to manufacture.... its the import tariffs that get ya
i still cant talk about [interstellar observations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redshift) without chuckling over how absolutely fucking savage that sub was. and then i feel bad about it.
who doesnt like hot pancakes off the grill? lolol probably the same people who thought making sunny side up eggs on a grill was possible.
yes of course you can use fire to heat up a different piece of cookware... but then is it still a *grill*
making a burger out of pure bacon would be freaking amazing though
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because man, they're gone.
When is the Zack and Courtney Smith Fund for Domestic Abuse Prevention going to kick off? yes, going to hell for this, etcetc
yeah, but, in a bathroom stall, or in the middle of a Gotomeeting?
dude
dc is the WORST with scooters. I was there when it wasnt crowded and the number of people thinking its ok to do 15mph on the sidewalk was insane. I literally dont want to go now that the weather is nice, its got to be a hellhole.
First scooter company to build one that wont let it turn on when it detects its on a sidewalk instead of a street, wins the whole deal
eh its not for everybody
i hate those fuckers jumping in my boat, i all but gave up boat travel after too many run-ins. now i only boat if its across open ocean
as if work is more important than this. dude, please
until scooters without that feature are banned and rounded up by cities for sale as scrap
consider the possibility that if she did rescind her approval at ANY point (including after it was all over) your life will be hell for many months/years while the courts sort it out.
if theyre on a sidewalk they can walk. as is the law.
a few more years of serious injuries/deaths (there have already been several) and these will all be banned
If its not enough to get you to move then you need to just say that. Youre right that the smart thing would have been to put up the "make me move" number as the bottom of your range when going into negotiations, but whats done is done. Personally I was in this exact situation 6 months ago. My old jobs annual bonus (10%) was coming up and I was contemplating an offer from a new place. I gave them a "ready to go" amount which was my old salary plus bonus plus a nice pad to cover the risk. They ended up beating that number by another 10%. I walked away about 5 weeks from getting a huge bonus but within 6 months i will have covered that difference and every year after that I am netting way more. Its all about the long term gains, my man. Good luck!
Nope. nope. nope nopenopenopenopenope^nope^^nope
oh no, all across reddit there are people gagging and checking out of this thread. not sure what i expected when i came here, figured it was going to be pretty gross, but fuck this, im out
not to be a downer, but a ton of questions here are the same: "hey food scientist, what one food can i eat today that will make me healthier?" looking for a quick and easy fix. The answer is "none" because there is no one food or even one food group that's perfect, even from a scientifically studied microbiotic level.
ok, mr. butt police
I think theres a huge misconception about whats going on here. Based on OPs posts, he works for a company that *sells fundraising events* to charities/nonprofits/etc that want to run a fundraiser to generate donations. He is not fundraising himself, he is trying to sell fundraising events. Now that that's straight, it still doesnt matter, if theres a target on his back and he doesnt have some sort of golden moment where he lands a whale (cant count on that to feed the family) he needs to trim his sails and prepare for a job change.
west suburbs of Columbus
Yeah i dont know anyone working at a charity who refers to their work product as "sales". Maybe thats why hes no good at his job but it could be anything.
she didnt seem like she noticed either tbh.
WHERE IS POOL GUY's FOOTAGE he had a much better perspective imo
Anton Ego's insta is savage af
for every one person who gets lucky with their adjustment interval and catches a low rate, there are 10-15 people who get royally fucked because their house payment jumps by 20% unexpectedly and eats up several extra hundred dollars a month. Heavy YMMV. If your rate was set to renew this year you would NOT be happy.
are you a 3pl, or are you a vendor central / SFP / AmazonMWS user? And when you say you havent gotten a single amazon order for fedex are they fulfilling some other way or they arent ordering from you at all? I work a ton with amazon, selling software to businesses that integrate with them. What youre describing sounds a bit like your vendor scorecard went to shit (too many late deliveries) so amazon downranked you and now youre not top billing on any item pages. if youre a vendor central seller and the amazon orders arent shipping via fedex any more and go UPS instead, they rate them however is cheaper so they probably are seeing a lower fuel surcharge from UPS right now.
still hoping the wither storm becomes a new boss, eh me too
OUI is owned by amazon. Its a fire TV stick, Echo speaker, or similar. p.s. i love playing guess that bizarre traffic! i was 100% sure my phones were all hacked when i did this, collected DNS from everything, then skimmed idle hours (overnight) to see what was busy. I would see lookups like ZWIQPEWMDLAAISYUB and was like OK time to burn the house down, its coming from multiple devices. Turns out android does this periodically to guess at whether theres DNS mitm (like how att shittily filters known bad requests and replaces the results with their own search). I called off the napalm strike just in time.
yeah if it got a DHCP request back successfully and moved measurable traffic it was definitely live on your network. Since this is wlan1 are you sure you checked all the 5ghz MACs on your devices and not just the 2.4ghz ones? They will be different (But usually really close). I really doubt its an intruder unless youve told your neighbors your wifi password. More likely an amazon device you dont think about but it got set up via the app (the app for alexa, firetv, etc hands over the wifi password seamlessly to make setup easier)
put out an APB for Big Russ
This is the hidden problem with being a huge name and picking a tiny name as your running mate. No one gave two shits if Tim Kaine came around to pump them up about voting blue in 2016, they only wanted Hillary. If it was Sanders, maybe, but anything other than a national name was going to get ignored and her inability to reach more states suffered hard because of that.
yep it really is too bad that her plan all along wasnt to skullfuck the electoral college... (only kinda joking)
we gotta find em first! it was a group of what looks like 3 guys and 3 girls (maybe 4) so the odds of someone seeing a group like that around should be reasonably good right?
resis*sting* arrest or did you think i wasnt here to pun you guys are off your game
suck on that, dave and busters!
"friendly reminder" that when the traffic signal is disabled its played by Armageddon rules. mad max would be proud to call columbus home in the 30 mins after a bad storm.
just make a pi powered humanoid robot to walk into microcenter asking for one more pi zero w. wait i feel like thats how you get skynet dont do that
next stop, /r/eyebleach
if youre actually willing to spend $12 on a pi zero w you will find that you have no problem buying them any day of the year. thats whats ironic about your rant.
the author of this article will spend years trying in vain to right this wrong
oh not just women. the bible has about 900 pages of material on how to do that. this is to make sure that all women PLUS every male who doesnt "live up" to their standard of shitty chestbeating are subhuman and deserving of their disgusting behavior
"but officer there are SEVERAL studies on how this is normal"
i dont think the seatbelt will keep you safe when the coffee goes flying but the rest is true
no problem here HAVE THEM ALL
"we need a reason for this killing to be ok" "sure thing, just say they werent following orders. totally avoidable."
&gt; Literally everyone else: What the fuck? everyone else except for the "blue line" pro police brigade who are eager to chant shit like "play stupid games!" and "it could have been a real gun, then what!" followed by "blue lives matter!" as if cops getting shot just for being cops happens even 1/10th as often as black people get shot by them just for being black.
hunter2 is the only password i need
oh i would definitely wet my pants and do whatever they said, im not confused at all about how to not get shot. i just would be thinking the whole time "Fuck this shit right here"
what makes you think theyre local? they are on reddit instead of taking an hour to just look around downtown after hours at people picking up scooters (not hard to find).
It really grinds my gears that employers even want to play games like this. I get that they dont want the hassle/expense of people flopping in and out of insurance plans especially if the preexisting condition clauses have been taken away, but damn just let people join insurance when they need to! having some magic/arbitrary conditions to enroll outside of the magic/arbitrary window of enrollment to go along with the magic/arbitrary fiscal year some employers insist on using just makes it that much more painful for people who just want to be insured and safe. Instead what do we get? more roadblocks.
she didnt volunteer to give up insurance coverage (or de-enroll on purpose). as if we needed more shitty rules keeping people from having employment flexibility, this isnt one
Protip: the COBRA enrollment is usually a generous time window (like 90 days post separation) at which point you can pay for insurance (it will be steep) and have retroactive coverage for any/all expenses in the meantime. With the removal of preexisting condition clauses (that would have prevented a smooth transition to a new insurer), its fully practical to "game it" while in transition and only go back if you have a calamity that coverage would help you pay for.
Well yeah with the individual mandate gone (totally stupid move) there is less pressure, but the raw fact is, people do. lots of them. and if they go to the ER for a heart attack and then the next day choose to enroll, they arent helped anyway (and very fucked). So what are people actually going to game? Something like a cancer diagnosis (which fucking sucks) and lo and behold they already do that. and what does it cause? someone getting a diagnosis (or having bad symptoms) and then not getting treatment for months as they wait for the enrollment window to appear. and then? the cancer is 3x more expensive to treat! So no the threat of people successfully gaming the system just isnt as real as the problems that a lack of insurance causes. Unless of course you're an insurance company.
phew, you got me. sick burn.
agreed, $1000 for him to lose would be a steal
No hes totally out of room, the fork starts a carlength ahead of him by the end of the video, thats why he came to a stop. That being said, he should just fucking go and take the neil ave exit. its not like downtown columbus is very big. Source: navigated that exact interchange at rush hour every day for 4 years.
Not only do we have shitty drivers, we have city schools employees eager to break out dashcam video in order to shame them! Its the Russia of the midwest.
Timed smoke bombs are used for air leak diagnostics. I dont know a lot about their business but i would say its for a refrigerated trailer thats not holding temp, to find which doors/areas are leaking so they can be fixed.
"I, an upstanding citizen, for reasons OTHER than being a drug dealer or international smuggler who deals only in cash, have this shitload of cash to deposit. save your questions for after its counted. thanks!" Seriously the reason is that theres literally NO good reason to keep it out of a bank for the duration, other than youre young and dumb. Put it in the bank, its insured for loss, it wont cost you anything, and theres a good chance you will make a little return (periodically put it into CDs). Orrr you can keep it under your bed waiting for a thief, fire, etc to steal it from you.
ahh the old "we assembled a vw bus on the 14th floor of our dorm" trick. classic. its the original "just a prank, bro".
"tell them that not only do i have a secret charity i donate to, the real secret is that its not even a secret and the REAL charity that i donate to in secret is... the secret society of anonymous charitists" "woah"
that probably NEVER gets old
automatically switched to John Mulaney Voice to read that. was not disappointed.
that last hour, though, that last hour your fucking IN for it bro
i love where this thread is going.
their Ska cover of All Along The Watchtower was fucking amazing
Im pretty sure Daniel Tosh was conceived while his parents were watching this video. its really the only explanation
dont forget, progressively bloodier copies as he bled out into the paper feeder
hour 1: aww students are so sensitive and caring, theyre feeding the ducks! hour 2: BOMBSHELL student duck food found to be lethal to ducks! duck killers live among us!
i think they cant digest it or something. not sure, am not duck expert
remind me never to go to your RSS lol
Dont tell that to a bernie supporter, they insist bernie had the support of 90% of voters and "should have won everything" but was ruined by the DNC "favoring" hillary. rubbish, but a very common line of attack from bernie supporters.
There literally wasnt a hospital south of I-70 for 40 years until they built Mt Carmel Grove City and then, they promptly started killing people. The south side has some absolute shit luck.
misrepresented/whitewashed is the way to put it. The world would be completely unrecognizable today if he didnt exist (and yes if he wasnt pretty brutal, it wasnt easy to get 3 tiny ships full of scared uneducated malnourished commoners 3,500 miles). No one else was eager to do it, yes some vikings moved around the north atlantic but a route across the mid atlantic wasnt just going to find itself.
How do you hit brazil looking for africa when youre starting in portugal? wtf?
Kim Kardashian is not by any measure a billionaire anyway, so i guess arguing about it is pointless, eh? I feel like youre thinking of Kylie Jenner who is worth much more and whose brand actually includes tangible products that arent garbage.
Caroline Astor's 14mm sex cinemagraph was pretty amazing, youre right. i wasnt talking about socialites at all, i was talking about sex tapes as avenues to enhance your "Brand" vs just being rich in the first place. But the hardon that half of Reddit has for defending/pedestaling Kim K is pretty interesting. I learned a lot today.
if thats true, then the single act of charity you will ever convince me Kim K has performed is having her little sister own a company worth 3x hers and not slapping her silly at every family reunion.
don't forget how they were all "good at" being born/married into significant wealth.
I contrasted this with the way they are handling student loans (keeping the SO looking poor to get more school aid) and started thinking... &gt; "So your options are stay uninsured or go into insurmountable debt that can not even be discharged through bankruptcy."
This x100. If they look poor on paper (not a dependent, and not earning above 1.38x the poverty line in most states which is about 20k a year) they probably qualify. Now this is just in certain states, a slew of states offer NOTHING for childless adults regardless of how poor ya is. Infographic https://www.kff.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/7791-11-figure-4.png?resize=735,551
only in certain states. Plenty of states are happy to let childless adults wallow in the gutter (i.e. zero medicaid benefits even if you are unemployed)
if theyre working some sort of pre-college job just to save money they might already be under the $20k limit, but this is all moot since OP said they live in texas which is a state comfortable with offering no medical coverage assistance to poor people.
And how many times has Google been "down" vs just one small portion of their service? Youre not comparing like to like
Having worked at companies on both sides of it i can say its equally possible for an exchange server fuckup (or one of the many interconnected dependencies) to knock out a service like this, vs Google to do the same. Some corps are better than others, but none are perfect (including Google)
was there anything about the simpsons that wasnt alarmingly prescient? i swear one day we will all wake up with 3 fingers and a thumb and just casually be like "well the simpsons told us about that, so"
And then the other 364.75 days a year, all couple million experience flawless functionality around the clock while untold internal outages rattle around on-prem users. it cuts both ways.
ehh i dunno from the look of the finish on that roll... getting ejected early on might have been preferrable to going on a full ride in that meatblender
To be clear I'm not saying its universally better or should replace on-prem in all cases, but the frequent "i told you so" derision when these exceedingly rare outages happen is just fear mongering
For document sharing the big cutoff is bandwidth and bulk storage costs vs features you can get locally. Theres absolutely nothing unreliable about the paid file hosting platforms.
you mean she didnt turn to LBJs wife and go "your husband stained my nicest fucking dress, shut up bitch"
[something tells me its russian](https://i.imgur.com/gvnmNGd.png)
where are you getting 1900 feet of chain link and at least 190 posts for a grand? thefuck? try ten grand for dirt cheap shit that will be rusted in a heap in 2 years
All depends on whats nearby. 10 acres in Arkansas miles from any town? yeah if its not a working farm its not worth a thing. 10 acres near the interstate, just outside Little Rock? Big fucking difference.
THANK YOU. you can see the bike "creeping out" like hes gonna go, he doesnt, the crossing traffic has the right of way. Does it mean youre allowed to plow into anyone waiting on traffic? No but it does mean the biker was where he was not supposed to be, and were he back there (at the stop line until the traffic was clear) he wouldnt have gotten hit. Totally trashy biker move.
Im sure for an insurance company thats nice and cut and dried but its bullshit. Imagine if the driver were coming the other way and not turning. The bike pulls out, stops. Is stationary in front of a car that has no time to stop. The car is automatically at fault? Fuck no.
But you werent commenting on what we saw here, you said non moving vehicles cant be at fault "period".
Depends on why you stopped. Car is inoperable? Yes. Road is blocked by another car? Yes. Road is blocked by ducks? [Nope](https://torontosun.com/2017/06/08/woman-who-stopped-car-to-help-ducks-causing-fatal-crash-loses-appeal/wcm/a867a59b-88d9-4cef-943c-09b426b4ddc7)
I feel like the classy ones wouldnt want to pursue a relationship because of the risk that the staff (in order to stay in good graces) would just go along with it because theyre getting paid. The not so classy ones would do it for that exact reason too. Bad for both sides. Best case scenario is you get close with someone and then connect after the working relationship is over.
&gt; what sort of food I'm craving at the time haha. This stood out to me being that youre a chef. Do you mean you want to go there to eat their cooking, or do you mean you like that can get good local foods to cook with? Which opens up a whole new question (Assuming your answer is the former): whats your favorite country to get good local ingredients to cook with?
I feel like the odds are low but also, the show would probably ignore them entirely (hard to make a tv show out of two relatively unknown people dating). So in my head they are all living happily ever after out of the spotlight. Yes im too optimistic, i know.
UPVOTE THIS TO THE 40TH FLOOR!!!
The IRS does look at the hard numbers (income vs claimed deductions) and they WILL correct an error in your favor if its simply mathematical. If its an issue of deduction eligibility (say you claimed you have 3 children but only have 1) then yes they will come after it in their favor while they would ignore it in your favor (say you claimed 1 but have 3).
thanks for answering! best of luck on your next gig!
Not if its a mutual insurance organization and they are good at investing. Sadly the number of companies like that has shrunk a good bit. When I was a young driver and State Farm customer, every 6mo they would send me a good portion of my premium back to me which was a combination of 1: being accident-free and 2: the insurance fund accruing more in investment returns than they had in losses. As a customer i was a defacto part-owner and entitled to the profit of the fund. Those days are long gone but thats the ideal insurance model right there. Now its all shareholder bullshit and reinsurance (corporate MLM as far as im concerned)
Yep it should surpise no one that there have been loan scammers as long as there have been loans. Laws, books of them, whole libraries probably, on protecting consumers from terrible lenders have been written and they try really really hard to save us from ourselves, but if we do manage to sidestep all those protections, yeah its possible to still get fucked. You have to try real hard though.
but theyre stealing less than they originally intended! see? i won
if witnessing the benefits of being rich first-hand by being repressed under all the laws they are exempt from isnt enough motivation to make everyone want to be rich so bad that they spontaneously generate a hedge fund, i dont know what is
if you want to live off the grid with no real job today, theres no much stopping you, not even the IRS. have at it.
No thanks. You havent even touched the question, which is, if everyone benefitting from Amazon is paying taxes (most of them, lots of taxes) what additional tax is it "fair" for Amazon to pay? I concede the answer is "some more" but at the same time Amazon as a company is literally overflowing with taxpayers so its completely false to claim that Amazon is not contributing to the nation via taxes. But you got a good laugh out of me by pointing to President Dump's criticism of Amazon for not paying taxes when he's used all of the same, plus many and far more despicable tricks to enrich himself personally at the expense of everyone else. And he even went on record claiming "it makes me smart" but now wants to sing a totally different tune because its no longer convenient for his lazy sack of shit ass. Just stop.
I know it all too well. Fuck them though, i dont need the karma.
nevermind the FCC, just tweet @JohnLegere
ocean monuments tend to not generate anywhere near shore, especially not in little inlets like this.
The FCC covers these areas of cellphone service: "Issues with your provider about advertised rates, service charges, taxes, fees, surcharges, lifeline, inmate calling." since this is a bill for a totally normal service, just delivered without permission, its a consumer area and especially one that states individually will usually be pretty helpful with. OPs state AG office would be the best place to go in my opinion.
is this to say that pasteurization would ruin the experiment?
boom
to take family photos, pretty sure
The wake word is detected internally via a buffer. if the wake word never shows up in the buffer, no one is "listening" except for a really basic DSP chip with no long term recording or statistical capabilities. Once it shows up, the entire buffer is sent to Amazon for processing.
Secondary pro tip: Amazon music unlimited by default is $9.99 but if you only ever use it to listen via one echo device, you can downgrade to a $3.99 a month plan, but you have to ask for it on the one echo device you want to use (frustratingly its greyed out in the amazon music subscription page). In my opinion $4 a month is just right for my living room to have access to every piece music my family could want to listen to.
There is a pretty thriving market for breast milk if you know where to look. Heres an article with several relevant links: https://www.thepennyhoarder.com/make-money/sell-breast-milk/
instead, she got minceraft
well a staggering number have never been plugged into *anything* so i dont think youre wrong. but yea the adapter is $5 and you can buy a whole micro to full hdmi cable for about the same (if you are buying a cable to hook it up anyway) so i dont see this as a negative at all.
welcome to minecraft
it doesnt take much wind to make using a lighter nearly hopeless (even if youre doing your best to shelter the lighter). Lighting your hands on fire doesnt count as survival.
my 5 year old computer with integrated gpu can run minecraft at 1080p with high details, something even this new pi can't hope to do unless they wrote all new openGL-es drivers and made sure they were compatible with minecraft (i doubt they did). by any recent i really mean any intel core 3+ from the last 10 years.
or plastic, plastic always makes some fun random colors for a few seconds.
lifesaving protip: get duty free alcohol on your way out of the US if you do want to enjoy some drinks on your vacation.
i dont think you will find that theres a good argument for "sequestration" during a plastic bag's lifecycle as it was only perfectly sequestered before it was extracted from the ground, not after (even if it ends up in a landfill). Paper, on the other hand, being that it grew by sucking some CO^2 down, is
"but the lawyers" is a common scapegoat but the true reason is that when youre selling $5-8 worth of grapes, a $.03 to $.10 bag (for fancy paper version) is a slam dunk when winning buyers. As this thread has readily demonstrated, they will be too busy admiring the packaging to even bother with the true quality of the produce inside it. Worth the (tiny) price to the grocer.
as much as you eight in one sitting
2x2x2 puddle next to your favorite village? yep its gonna fill with drowned then murder the whole thing tomorrow night
put them all on the pi too?
&gt; grosser ahh, you (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
what he left out of the story was that those donations were *earned*
i feel like if you picked out furniture thats no longer your taste just a year later, youre not just rich you are also shitty at making decisions.
that was the decoy wallet, for ruffians to come across
yellow white mix. best of both worlds baybeeeee
Protip: have student loans from the "glory days" of the mid 2000s when interest was rock bottom and vetting borrowers involved casually checking that you were breathing. I didnt qualify for subsidized loans (where the interest is waived during borrowing) but after graduating i rolled several loans into one at 2.25%. Those days are gone though.
This is just following the joke about the terrible wording of how locals "cant set foot inside" but obviously there is a clear exemption for going in with no intention to gamble. Imagine if the police are chasing a foreign thief and he runs into the casino, chanting "ha ha! you local police cant catch me now!" You can bet they wont be like "ha he's got us, pack it up boys, another one escaped justice".
bad guys in monaco [have way more to worry about than just police](https://i.cbc.ca/1.2078688.1381979446!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/original_780/arts-iron-man-2-584.jpg)
i laughed then i remembered the real trail of tears so i got sad. then i laughed again. https://i.imgur.com/dwvkx.gif
*Time Hoping 2: Hope Springs Eternal*
Yeah i would expect that as elite as Monaco is, they dont expect prospective employees to wander in, go up to a craps dealer and say "hey got any openings"
ol Hickory, what a legend, if i had $20 for every time he inspired me personally...
well, yeah, i mean we are going for guilty laughs here right
roasted at 90F in january
https://i.imgur.com/JdIoIbd.png lmao
it looked good. trust me.
cause its bad karma
"its just a plank, bro"
a Colombian dark roast no less
"doesnt matter, had sex [next to talking about me]" --me
Yeah i went easy, they also have aluminum+copper hybrid wiring (a fire disaster) and lead drains (which corrode very slowly but catastrophically). If you dont know how fast the problems in older homes add up, youve never had to repair one.
thong, ofc, its the traditional undergarment of the beer wench
"youre deleting my text messages?" "i delete everything" "...that way they cant be used against me"
all of them
and where does the iron or diamond come from that appears in there? no natural way to get it in the nether.
Refreshing to see a restaurant want an actual nice wood finish on a table, vs the 3/8" of lacquer over a beat to shit top so it looks "authentic"
probably just add you to the list of "duck fact weirdos" alongside anyone who's seen Howard the Duck
they just want you to imagine the food is going to taste as delicious as it would if old Jimmy "V8" Vantanowski whipped it up on his two burner stove in his efficiency apartment
what is it then? a skort?
i honestly feel pretty bad for your incredibly distorted worldview. living thinking that everyone in your town with a badge and a gun is a wanton murderer would be extremely stressful and lead to a lot of bad decisions. get help
theyre busy working and staying out of the news. you dont see a national headline every time a cop helps find a lost dog or locks up a local drug dealer who is doing real harm to a community, but it happens every day. the help you need isnt on reddit
gee now all of a sudden you dont want to provide any proof of your claims, huhhhh
Hah first you try to move the goalposts, then you confuse Columbus Ohio with Columbus Georgia (i saw the link your stupid fucking ass posted before you deleted it realizing in a brief, fleeting flash of self awareness, just how big of a moron you are). You literally have nothing to offer in this "all cops are murderers" argument besides constantly repeating your own completely false claims.
lmao when youre not 15 any more you will realize how fucking pathetic and dull the edge youre waving around is
[things ive never said] you're in a hole, stop digging. at this point normally i would block such an unashamed troll but im too morbidly curious to see just how bad you make this for yourself.
you already used that one. boring. maybe i will block you after all.
He's going on now about how somehow facebook criminally censored content related to him and his party (with the subtext that it was done to his detriment) completely unaware that he won thanks to the russian psyops that Facebook gleefully hosted in 2016.... so anything is possible, literally anything
thie shipwreck where this map came from??? nice of those swahsbucklers to leave the treasure so close to the boat, lol
something in the water, probably. fluoride?
the reason i hate treasure maps is i literally always end up digging out a 20x20 area down like 15 blocks before i find it, off to the side 2 blocks out of the area im sure it was in, and then i open it up and its a potion of water breathing and some potatoes
fortunately for the viewers, they will almost certainly NOT be using OPs vantage point which includes naked guys and tv dishes, and instead use the one with the camera on the boom down there right by the railing.
[the only vegeta i need in my life](https://www.amazon.com/Vegeta-Gourmet-Seasoning-17-5oz-500g/dp/B0012S8VHS?th=1)
like this? https://res.cloudinary.com/teepublic/image/private/s--BBTVQpnI--/t_Preview/b_rgb:36538b,c_limit,f_jpg,h_630,q_90,w_630/v1446239278/production/designs/274868_1.jpg
Are they not? My local store only shows the 1gb variant anyway, but even it is only available for pickup, one per person, ID required. Now i dont know if they would really throw you out for placing multiple orders then walking out/in a few times in one day but they at least are trying.
its entirely possible to have your phone out with the camera running while paying no attention to it at all. its also possible this is still a totally stupid idea due to the high risk of dropping your phone while pulling 4Gs on a loop. Buttt, the two arent exclusive.
The gaps are where the walls are going to be framed, they leave a gap so they can tie them to the floor joists with utmost certainty
hahah, fitting
mostly the fact that each plant has to hold its own waste for the past 50 years because the federal government wont just grow a pair and pick a mountain to put it safely 3 miles underneath.
Yucca Mountain just needs the funding and for the jerks in Nevada to be sat down and shut up. Pay them off with some other pork and be done with it.
yeah the odds of someone in /r/nonononoyes having any idea what constitutes 3 no's or even 1 yes in this video is pretty small. smaller than OPs odds of winning that.
If there was a desolate mountain in my state 100 miles from anything, already unusable for anything else, with a tunnel 3 miles underground where it will be sealed flawlessly for ten thousand years, yeah i would be directing traffic myself
gained $35 instead of the chance of a special by wheating yourself? weird flex but ok
theres "Society hates you" bad and then theres "Even death row fucking hates you" bad. They should have saved everyone the trouble and just hand him a scoop of cyanide after his sentencing and sent him off to his cell.
"just check it for thc! you know, go ahead and eat it and see if you get hella stoned. then you know its not safe for ya kids" meanwhile, fentanyl contamination which would be completely undetectable and very deadly, doesnt get mentioned since everyone already hates methheads.
It all depends on the area, some weather patterns and geographies make it more predictable. I recently took a weeklong vacation to the beach (East coast usa). A full 5 days before we left home, i checked the forecast so i could start packing accordingly for 5-10 days later. It indicated a chance of rain 3 days and certain rain one of the days. The vacation panned out, and that shit was dead on, the day they predicted rain all day 7 days before it happened, it rained all day.
30? Thirty? Holy shit, if i buy ibuprofen its from costco and its 1000 tablets at a time. Cant imagine being restricted to 30, thats like two days worth in my house some times.
An NSAID is going to help only when the pain is due to inflammation (muscle damage, joint overuse, etc) popping them for stomach pain is basically pointless even in the best case.
Aspirin, too. Everyone thinks of aspirin as generic, safe pain relief but its far harsher on your insides than ibuprofen is. Taking it for pain is almost pointless unless you're allergic to ibuprofen, its almost certain to have more effect with less side effect. And yet if you polled americans about safe drugs, they would probably be able to name "aspirin" and "tylenol" as ones they would take without even considering side effects. Ibuprofen is the unsung hero.
it all depends on if you like money enough. we learned all about that ability in s6e11
i would gladly spend money on a good bedrock shader. gladly.
win10 licenses go for like $1.49 so i can use the difference on some sweet loot
so never being exposed to sky?
I think you hit the nail on the head already, Lake Erie beachfront along the entire coast is disappearing due to erosion, what was a nice beach front house 20 years ago is gone today. Its happening to all of them.
what would you do with the seed? its not like any of this spawned, even the cave was dug out, all you would get is another of the 2^32 possible worlds.
&gt; tell us what you were arguing about judging by where it shows up, it was probably about whether to take the red line or the blue line to get to the upper west side
i thought it was dewrude starstorm
if you can take my man tits and put them on my wife, and her tithair and put it on my head, mister you got yourself a DEAL
the free market does indeed excel when it comes to killing and or enslaving, you can't really deny that. it excels in lots of other areas too, dont get me wrong
sure i learned how many redditors are single thanks to their bald heads
Hair loss just happens to be one of those "well really there are 12 competing factors each with the ability to effect it to varying degrees" just like how some people are thin that eat garbage and dont exercise. you dont go around saying "fuck it eat whatever you want because i had this friend who was a skinny bitch and she crammed coca cola and skittles 24/7"
i should have used quotes i think, it was more a reaction gif from him hearing about someone badmouthing bald ppl
no regerts
&gt; just get women being bold understatement of the millennium. fortune favors the bold
thanks, IGN
Well there are bonuses for most contiguous boats, so its not always smart to just give up on hard ones, gotta get them ribbons. But yeah mostly if its not something you want to sell just let it go, or cast your help net wider (bunch of high $$$ postings in your RSS)
It depends on how convincing your excuse of "i didnt know i needed to do that" was. And before you say "well ignorance is no defense" yes it actually is. Tax evasion is a "purposeful attempt of a taxpayer to evade assessment or payment of a tax imposed by Federal law". "Purposeful attempt" being the first two words because they are important in how the law works. Now, before you chime in with "well the law says you have to pay taxes" i am definitely not saying that ignoring taxes all those other years was legal. But, the question on the table is, very specifically, how to respond to the letter demanding information about 2017. Responding to that with just information about 2017 is the perfectly legal response.
a cock blocked is a cock blocked
when he retires hes going to write poems in the park ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
lmao now do mario kart
I'm talking about the nationwide rates, not you and people "you know" which is pretty easy to result in sampling bias.
Youre also paying for guaranteed age-appropriate environments. If a nanny has a 5yo, 3yo and 1ya, the environment is probably not optimal for either the 5yo or the 1yo to learn and grow. One person just cant do that no matter how hard they work. A daycare with a dedicated staff just works out better and hence costs more to maintain.
Even if we knew exactly where it crashed and had cockpit audio it wouldnt tell us anything we dont already know: the pilot crashed it into the ocean.
Hundreds? lmfao, there are about 100,000 commercial flights worldwide every day. Even if you break that down to the major carriers (say the top 20 are responsible for almost all those) thats 5,000 flights a day for one business to work out how to gather in realtime, worldwide. Maybe possible after SpaceX gets all 12,000 satellites in place for its global internet service product, but not today.
As if the presence of a recorder means anything to them anyway? Its curious how many posts in this thread somehow link a pilot ditching a plane to the same pilot wishing to cover his tracks. Why would they care in the least about that? The exact down to the inch location of the 9/11 planes was known up to the point they crashed.... Why would the highjackers have cared either way?
The fact remains that theres no evidence that any airline incident in the history of aviation could have been avoided had there been more data leaving the aircraft, aside from very very tenuous conspiracy theories
thanks, now I feel like a lazy sod for playing dual screen on my pc with one monitor for twin window stardew official wiki + exnil's online crop planner
it does WHATTTT
You mean **your** child does??? Ugh what a world
Because reality dictates that "what's best" will get overlooked by +/- 50% of everyone (including gun owners) in favor of what's easiest. Should and Will are two very different beasts
Thank goodness everyone else in town is trustworthy. What i like most is toss all the stuff you dont need into the chest when youre going into the mine. Before your backpack is fully upgraded, going in with just food, pickaxe, and sword helps a lot to max out on loot.
or toss sleeping before dog
the family that hoes together, grows together
Well the rate during retirement vs the rate you pay today. If youre in school with a very low cost of living (i.e. school scholarship or family support you dont have to claim as a dependent) your tax rate will be extraordinarily low, meaning paying a tiny amt of tax on the savings now is totally worth it even vs retirement level taxes (where presumably you are also optimizing your cost of living to minimize income needs to make your savings last as long as possible but your col is invariably higher due to medical expenses, caring for your spouse, etc). Once you have a good job (and a higher cost of living) pushing your income way up into the tax stratosphere, the benefits reverse and paying taxes later makes more sense.
Meanwhile in the USA you're lucky if a plant has to send its electricity less than 150 miles before it gets used. Its standard to put power plants as far away from where people live as is possible, due to emissions.
Piped steam as a utility in Los Angeles turned out to be a much harder thing to market
Thats only assuming direct electric is the only means of heating available. The home/apartment almost certainly has some other efficient form of heating, but it's used less due to the contribution from the rig, hence the offset.
But industrial applications arent just big freezers holding onto fish sticks and ice cream (like a giant home freezer). They are only making money one way, taking frozen stuff and pushing it out the door to customers. And that means new stuff has to come in and get down to temp (and all this is moving around from toasty humans or electric machinery). This happens constantly, hence how they stay in business. Improvements to the machinery keeping all that cold can save tons of money.
History trivia: It got its name when the then CEO of Standard Oil of Ohio decided to lay off 150 coolies, after the shock of 1867. Instead of paying them severance, he decided to build a music hall with the money he saved. Just kidding, its named for Louis Severance (he did make his fortune from Standard Oil though)
&gt; We spend thousands of dollars monthly maintaining UPS systems when i worked at a powerplant. Fossil or Nuclear? I know why nuclear plants need big and expensive UPS hardware (and this wouldnt supplant that i dont think) but i dont have as much experience with fossil
If you're at risk of drawing power off the grid that you don't want, it seems that you definitely have site power available without the need for UPS. But for backup purposes sure batteries are good too
You should be farming lvl 1 by now, its time to turn that sap into fertilizer to boost your quality odds
you should write for IGN
Are you insinuating that Finland could/should do this because they are more densely populated making it more practical? Finland has a density of 16 people per km^2, and the USA has a population density twice that, 33 per km^2
This one is no exception try { } catch( one )
i was bracing myself for him accidentally trowing the water bucket when he switched to it, it lands in the lava, oops no more water, a lava fountain closes in forcing him into the lava pool
I did notice the armbian link they have is just directly toward the armbian page. I guess i would liek to think if it was easy to take armbian and slap xenial on top of it everyone would do it. Even the direct Armbian image is a huge pain to put a desktop onto (i gave up after a while). So if any of these 5.3.5 desktop builds are a go, then i will be happy.
ikr
i shouldnt be surprised at all that that's a thing
Yep one of my friends was USN and during a deployment was in charge of fixing some fancy base equipment in the peninsula (cant remember if it was Saudi or UAE). He had so many stories of how anyone in a white getup was basically just there to slave drive, even the supposedly allied Americans who are doing them a huge favor by keeping them at the top of the heap militarily. Just entitled and eager to shit on anyone who isnt similarly so. Its not just a bad attitude thing, its literally how they keep their power consolidated, they do it purposefully with a goal in mind.
rent and have a student loan? =fucked
Yep im 38 and just recently got more equity in my house than principal on mine and my wife's student loans so i guess the math checks out
ooof
all i know is, you dont have a farmhouse with that kind of square footage if youre not going to put it to use
skeleton rattles bat takes off footsteps of death close in pure poetry
go back and get it the same way?
[here's 97 minutes of elaboration](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4986098/)
A shirt sleeve makes a great phone lens cleaner. there, now *you're* welcome 😊😊
starship troopers, i guess. lots of ends-justify-the-means tropes. plus shower scenes
lmaooooooo
this is a common myth but they do in fact have footsteps like all other mobs, theres nothing quiet except that unlike say skeleton bone noise or spider hiss or zombie uggg, creepers have no persistent presence noises they make. go into creative, flatworld. get a creeper egg out. turn your volume all the way up. you will realize they do indeed have step noises (which varies for grass, stone, dirt, etc based on normal game mechanics)
they definitely do make step noises the same volume as all other mobs do. try it yourself in a flatworld to see. now, step noises are all pretty quiet so you will do better by using subtitles, but thats not due to creepers in particular.
buffet nether (caves) isnt the actual nether, its a normal biome as a giant fucking murderpit. its no fun, change my mind
The RK3399 has two "big" cores and four "small" cores so it leans more toward low power vs total performance. A quad core A72 (like the Rpi4) will beat it in a flat out race but use more power doing so. Heres a brief comparison of A52 vs A72 https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-difference-between-Cortex-A53-CPU-and-Cortex-A72-CPU-with-the-same-clock-speed-1
Theyre in place so that rightful heirs can't be shafted by unscrupulous parties who just happen to have some extra information (like brokerage logins). Not trying to make any claims about OP but this is the real reason. If you wanted to avoid tax (even though its not likely OPs BF has over 11 million anyway so its tax free) there are plenty of ways to legally do that, *before* a death. After, the rules are there ONLY because the dead person is not.
nope, too busy getting thrown off Hell in a Cell
yep payoff is 50/50 either way so if you just keep repeating half your tokens on green you will roughly double your tokens every 4 plays
How much did it all cost you and how many parts worth of hubs did you end up with? I noticed you mentioned buying in large quantities to keep costs low but i dunno if i see myself making 50 of these...
1. Dont tell anyone besides a lawyer you trust. 2. Do everything he says you need to do to get the money without anyone at all ever finding out.
The thing with govt jobs is the salary and timecard data is all subject to FOIA. No government wants to end up with the headline "x Found Paying Employees For 40 Hours But Getting 20" which does happen when reporters get bored and start looking for juicy stories. You're salary but you are accountable for every minute of those 40 hours. Just because youre the governor's assistant doesnt mean you get treated any different than a peon in the call center for the medicaid department.
&gt; The tracking is the difference between salary and hourly: tracking is meaningless with salary. This is true for your company maybe, but not true across the board at all. The difference between salary and non salary is whether the position qualifies for the DOL "exempt" status meaning you are exempt from laws governing overtime. Plenty of places absolutely track hours for exempt positions. They just dont have to pay any overtime when the tracking shows above 40 hours.
Do you really get enough PTO through normal accrual that it isnt appealing for extra time to bank that way? My wife used to work for the state and was timed that way too. You will get paid for the extra time, just not on that paycheck, rather later when you get paid for not working.
In this case its all about whether or not OP actually has it to give away or acquires it via credit. If its the latter his creditors will come back looking for their shit. OP is definitely not the first or last person to think "ok i know im dying, lets blow the fucking roof off!" and max all his credit cards. The big question is, is a prepaid funeral an asset that the probate court would be OK with socking on the next of kin when the creditors point out it was prepaid by OP. Remember, a dead person can't use a funeral or a casket, those are for the people still here. But I am not a lawyer so I cant say either way what might happen in the legal system.
The interesting question here is, would a prepaid funeral be considered a durable asset? Strictly speaking, the funeral and burial and other things arent actually for OP at all, they are for the people still alive. but legally speaking?
"there is no climate change, look its snowing RIGHT NOW" -2000's "well heres a scientist that disagrees with your data" -2010's "the planet is getting warmer, so what?" -2020's
"every beach is a nude beach.... up here" [points to head]
The number of homes affected: https://delcowater.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/2020-01-15_16-24-16.png like a tenth of a percent of Del-Co's territory
&gt; bicycles are supposed by supposed, you mean required by law
&gt; ray j ok is *that* a person i'm supposed to know?
"Why should MY business of digging up coal to be immediately burned have to be burdened by what some beancounter's thermometer says? My profits are more important than him!" ah this is getting depressing now
Funny how those claims always focus on how great life is for the capitalists getting lifted up and ignore the state of life for anyone just outside of view but still very much affected by capitalism. For every person leaving poverty there are two more born into it thanks to how easy the capitalists can consolidate their wealth. Externalities are great because they are so easy to ignore.
What is it with everyone trying to give Leah salads. You know she likes driftwood and dandelions, and those are F.R.E.E.
well if THATS the case, then iridium ancient fruit wine is what she should be getting
its 8.3 weeks to get to 10 hearts doing the salad method, and 10.8 weeks to get there on driftwood and dandelions (or any other free thing from the 'like' tier). And all in all you will end up spending $3740 to get those two extra weeks. I guess time with a loved one is priceless, though....
alright alright alright [grinning and nodding at the three deer]
Somewhat related question: how did they steal it? The 06 and newer Civics had chipped key interlocks standard, did they manage to find a key inside the car or did they hotwire it somehow?
"look at that map!"
So what youre saying is if your timecard for the period says 81 hours instead of 80, you dont get 1 hour plus normal PTO accrual? You just get 1/80th of PTO accrual added to the norm? Fortunately the state government here is a little more just than that.
You're right, i forgot one "how dare you update your prediction as new data becomes available" -complete fucking idiot on the internet
well i mean she is out of this, its between Inigo and Vizzini
Lots of victims are too fragile to face the police. Plain and simple. Universities rightly have softer support available (counseling/mental health/etc) but that doesnt mean they can ignore crimes they learn about.
&gt; The biggest security here is that the odds of anyone finding it in the first place are likely negligeable. maybe before Shodan existed....
Thats true but combined with some geolocation techniques you could start skimming the internet for known weak devices, then drill into ones close enough for you to go exploit. For a good length of time one of the local discount cable internet/tv operators had a hideously bad wifi router implementation that was very weak to SNMP data probes (Basically no effort at all to protect). It was possible to scrape the router remotely for the local wifi password, plus the names of the attached devices. What good is that? Well people generally name their devices after themselves.... With less than an hour of effort I had enough data to build a list of routers whose physical location i could pinpoint using public records data, I also knew every internal device, like who was sporting a nice 65" uhd tv or who had a macbook pro in every bedroom. Little pieces of data on their own are often inconsequential but if you start stacking them onto each other things get bad pretty quick
thats what i figured too, they must be names since profanities arent censored
if youre interested in learning more the community at the infosec stackexchange is really great imo. very little gatekeeping and lots of good info, even to simple questions.
"ok now press f to pay respects" "you *sick fuck"*
Only the good die young woahahha thats what they sayyayayeyeyeyayayayaa only the good dieeeieieieieeieie younnngngnnggggggggggg
Yep much better to have conservative meddling to make sure the "Democratically elected" leaders in the middle east can continue nerve gassing their own citizens
maybe the lesson could be dont fuck with the bread when people die without it? like this isnt someone trying to corner the "true new york bagel" market, this is like, no bread no life
Hahahehehahah yes as exemplified by noted liberal dynasty the Bush family
&gt; There are some problems though - As the sender, you can't guarantee that your message is being / staying encrypted all the way through. and as the recipient you can't guarantee anything about the message at all except that at one of the many steps it was encrypted AND decrypted by someone whose identity you can't verify. "some problem" indeed
thats hardly the point. show me a copper fitter who will gladly guarantee no flaws in their install for 25 years. PEX will last longer than 25 years when done correctly too, probably 125 years, we dont even know because every longevity test so far has ended with no problems at all to extrapolate from-- unlike copper
price being no option i suppose we would use machined brass for every single component, pipework and fittings, as the building could burn down and you could stand under the shower the whole time and then hang on it when the tub fell out from under you... but price IS a concern for every application, even high end ones
*for your convenience we rounded it to the nearest penny
There will be no unclaimed money in this case, if you dont submit yourself as a member of the class you will get nothing aside from the opportunity to file your own futile lawsuit. Those that did get in and ask for the cash settlement, get one slice of the few million dollar fund, which at this point is looking to be close to 1 dollar per claim (not joking)
a fake news page based out of **Akron, NY**
Meanwhile the reddit thread when this all started was full of super smart advice like "dont worry, hardly anyone even knows this is going on, theres no way more than a million people sign up" i wonder if all those accounts were equifax shills
Yes after you show up in court 7 times with your own lawyer, since their staff legal team is going to be living at the courthouse anyway.
Yep if the breach did anything novel it provided SO many identities to steal that its statistically a lot less likely now for any given person whose identity is in the clear to have it used illegally.
but she didnt care she said *"skip the next four verses, your songs are boring and theres no time to spare"*
How is it different when thats literally what Beto Orourke said, that he was eager to set up a buyback specifically on AR-15 type rifles?
Nah why do that when they can stand behind a one liner, from a folded up candidate, taken out of context, as a reason why they won't ever compromise? Works way better for them this way, soooo
thats not even a little bit true, this issue is the FBI wanting apple to maintain some way of being able to unlock any icloud backup file, WITH a warrant, since putting end to end encryption in place would mean the backup decrypt keys could die with the owner (or be otherwise unrecoverable). Nowhere is the FBI ever expecting Apple to just slip them private info with no warrant
$1 million is cheap for a cover story to preserve the positive publicity Apple fetched out of that whole ordeal, so.... those facts dont really suggest a more probable explanation
Exactly, opting yourself into the cash settlement is the cheapest route for them since the cost is already fixed. Opting out and suing them yourself, or opting for them to pay Experian for your credit monitoring, are both less appealing routes from their perspective.
There are two clear levels of breach: single account access like most of the ones you mentioned, and full identity access like Equifax. Fuck if i care that Reddit got hacked, even with my password you cant find out anything all the other weirdos on this site already know. Full identity exposure (full name + ssn + birthdate) are few and far between still but unfortunately, getting more common.
Opting out completely leaves them with risk of a later lawsuit. Opting for Experian monitoring has them paying their competitor for monitoring you for several years. The cash out is the safe bet for them. Not that im conspiratorial enough to believe they did pay shills to do that but the motive is there
according to my Dutch translation dictionary the word for that is "OOF"
it would need to be clarified if the data includes just truly farmable land, and not land that is grazed and would be impossible to efficiently farm...
Upvote for your very very fancy *paper wasting robot*!!! A little shape is lifted out and then like 95% of the paper gets fed into the waste bin. Im sure this is a minimal consideration and could be optimized easily by adding some code to the cutout engine, but it was just funny that this seems like a clever way to burn through a lot of unwanted tractor feed paper.
the charts aren't ready yet, you should tribeca later
I think the last time i did it i just used the wages from my last paystub, i dont remember a confirmation number but it could have changed. luckily its been a few years since ive been up that creek
What a great bone to have thrown, one extra session to use your hours of opening arguments time! How gracious, whats next, they will allow them to drink water at their desks? Things are totally fucked that we think this is a win.
yep "look how fair we are being, we did this totally meaningless thing for you! that means the thing we did was ok!" while they shit on the constitution
There are iphone whatsapp exploits too, the high profile of whatsapp lead to a shitload of effort into researching every possible flaw. Turns out that iphones arent enchanted with hackproof magic like some would have us believe
Its got little to do with the fact that it was a desktop wallpaper and more to do with the fact that once you set an example that everyone sees and feels, you have far fewer other problems.
You arent wrong wrt the free ride Bush Jr got but then the point of this whole thing is that its never too late for some people to try to grow a spine and stand up to abuse of power. That should never be discouraged.
&gt; It's baffling. the only baffling part is just how many Americans are falling fully for the con job of "hey i did this bad thing SO WHAT you are only prosecuting me because you dont like me and that makes it UNFAIR" and think that's a reasonable defense to proven crimes. Its so bald faced that you have to try really hard to fall for it.
bahaha hours of factual incriminating evidence sworn into record and you stick your fingers in your ears crying "no substance" then the president tweets "hay guys how about this trade war! aren't i great!" and you drool on his shoes. Its amazing how the only supporters he has left are the people who think ignoring problems makes them go away.
God this is pathetic even for t_d trolls. He was paid about $1m for 3 years of work at Burisma, a relationship that is over and has been investigated ad nauseam by a series of right wing fuckwits like you and no impropriety at all was uncovered. But then, I'm sure you want to spent millions more investigating benghazi too even though, unlike the lies you were spoon fed by the right, there was no secret criminal behavior behind that either. But keep your fingers firmly lodged in your ears, sooner or later you're bound to be right about something, who knows.
It may cost more, but then again if it prevents the loss of the pi repeatedly, it will pay for itself in the long run.
After 15 minutes of watching he is still turning up more and more Pi's. This right here fellas is why theres a shortage!!!
from the thumbnail i thought it was hail, now i see ice chips but after zooming i realize its actually harboring a fortress of solitude for a 2mm tall man of steel
that may "be true" but the earlier you make it the more its going to suck, thats also true. its a shitty and easily defeated argument to say we should just let "adults" do whatever they want starting at 15 because we know for sure 99.99% of them will fuck it up beyond recognition
pregaming happens because for college students you can buy a 6 pack and drink it at home for the price of 1 drink at a bar.
&gt; We just replaced the Charleston with flossing. lmao
protip: if you want to go to a bar but can't stand young people, head over to the Order of the Elks, the Freemanson lodge, or the nearest ethnic hall bearing your heritage. You will find all the old people you can handle.
whaaaaaaaaat
"sentence" in this case is used in the sense of criminal justice such as the term one is forced to serve as recompense "i do" is a sentence from a common marriage vow meaning the marriage commitment is official thatsthejoke.gif
besides that? like how shes the only one who can drive the bus, and almost certainly does it drunk
How did you get the capital to max out on blueberries at the start of summer? max out on kale then hit the egg festival for strawberry seeds?
*Louis C.K. wants to know your location*
&gt; No one is going to access it unless they see the address on my resume and go there because they are interested, you know? ip scans across all ports happen on a continuous basis. i wrote a script to use iptables with a specific port logged on access, and if its ever got a log entry from an ip i know wasnt me, i change my public facing ports around (i use all nonstandard ports anyway) because i know its now showing up on botnets/shodan/etc. It happens probably 2 or 3 times a year.
&gt; Then having your internet service terminated is a risk you should be willing to accept. 20 years on, i have always had a broadband ISP with shitty legalese like that in the TOS and have always had numerous servers running on my home lan exposed to the internet, and they have bothered me about it exactly 0 times to date
i pick from 10000+ to make sure it takes a while longer to find. They focus on the first 1000 and usually start climbing upward from there. Make them work for it, lol
keep your updates on and dont let any lazy users get added (like when a software package calls for its own user and then sets the password the same, i.e. mysql / mysql (this is just an example, its been a long time since they have done that)
It works on the Galaxy Watch S3 also
nah just take honey and cut it with fentanyl, its super cheap
your friendly tsa agent would like to remind you to fill your bottle with no more than 3.4 ounces of water.
"just don't be pregnant" "And that sucks" Zika caused 20,000+ cases of microcephaly (mostly in south america) and would have been worse in the US if there werent aggressive containment measures.
i know but what else was in there? its not like thats where ancientfruit wine shows up
yep all these places are competing for the top dollar residents
there will always be old folks with lots of cash to waste.
Who's building a city out of onions in this thread? It must be around here somewhere
then drop the word possible. if they are investigated and found to have taken part in supporting the KKK terrorism group then fine. but there shouldnt be any room for speculation and that IS what mccarthyism was precisely about.
Haha its amazing that interchanges have fan sites now
In my experience trying to get involved in local government, debates over traffic interchanges happen quite a lot, and the noisiest part is usually the constituents railing about how they must be smarter than the elected officials based on their argument of how inferior the idea of anything but a traditional stoplight intersection is. The problem on the elected official end is typically that the debate turns into justification for a "Feasibility study" to the tune of several hundred thousand dollars spent solely paying people to WATCH one intersection and then guesstimate how it would work differently if it were anything but a traditional four way light controlled intersection.
Not only does it need a signal, but it must be a signal that deters anyone else besides the local residents from going near it
I have a hard time with it since i can open a bottle of chlorine and FOR SURE smell it.... unless youre telling me someones come and pissed in all the bottles of bleach i have in my house
Well when you think about it, they USED to be a big business. Now theyre shit outta luck and hemorrhaging cash daily until they can fill up with customers again. Pretty soon they will be a small business or a no business. They cant just coast like some other businesses, that shit is super expensive to maintain even when you dont have to pay lifeguards and housekeepers.
sauce? just curious, ive been to papa bears like 100 times, ruin my childhood if you must
&gt; Millions and more millions and then more millions pumped into the school system and no results all youve done is point out how another institution as old and misused as policing can also waste money. no one paying attention is surprised.
The idea is that instead of 10 cops with assault rifles and battle helmets riding around in a MRAP you could easily afford 30 cops with effective nonlethal tools to do exactly what youre describing and actually improve the public welfare like the name implies instead of going into situations being trained only on how to fix it with bullets
Ha me too, like, 1 in 10 people really named Seychelles?
&gt; it didn’t take that long ! Minutes I guess . Almost an hour I think . me literally every time i try to do anything in minecraft
I have a 10 year old desktop that runs the latest rev of windows 10 just fine. And the apps run fine on it since i can choose what apps and what version, unlike on the ipad where i have to take only what apple allows.
Cities Skylines is actually a really mild game. For $250 you can build a PC that runs it on max settings really smooth.
Admit it, this was just a way to use more duck assets
Perp tryin to jump on the bus. GET EM, BOYS
'friday night lights because we paid the electric bill with the science class budget'
i know im spamming you in here but if you want a good cities machine thats not hard to move get a dell optiplex 7010/8010/9010 small form factor. you can find them on ebay for under $200 and they run cities decent straight away and they are really small. you can also up the ram and add a low profile gpu for a little more $. i built a really small budget rig that plays cities max settings at 1440p and can load a huge city with lots of mods and assets in one minute.
if its getting throttled down even when the thermals are under control it is still the prochot bug. Mine did it literally every reboot even if i did the hard reset. Using the third party app that reset the prochot flag every few seconds was the only way to fix it.
That post is really oversimplifying. I guarantee within 15 game years he had a deathwave harmonic again. Theres literally no fixing it without a mod to vary the new resident age. anything else you do will eventually result in a growth burst (Even if its after you let all the residential go abandoned as the bar bottoms out) and boom your death wave is back.
i get a little offended when i read how Nvidia is spending 100% of their time on trying to figure out if its possible to optimize raytracing. We dont need raytracing we just need a gpu with skylines asset acceleration!!! The rest is fine
What did you use to take the gif/video?
[huge dam, lots of drop, plenty of flow] skylines: good for about 16 megawatts, right?
How the fudge did that 5 year old reach the pedals and still manage to not crash at the very first intersection he came to? Dude
Hadron Collider time. The uniques required arent that hard if you have a decent sized city (lots of schools and shit) and its one of the few monuments that pays for itself really fast because you can decommission all your schools and save a ton of cash. Just be sure you build your 'Servicing Services Offices' first since schools easily add to the total to earn that unique.
they wanted the little molex adapters but didnt want to cut the cable ties? its faster? probably a pic from a hardware recycler, no one slows down for shit, get it ripped into parts and on ebay thats the only way they make money.
also optifine users except we arent holding our breath
welcome to the spICE
He has two choices: one, don't go and dont say anything to piss off the toddler in chief. two, say there shouldnt be a rally, to piss off the toddler in chief. Nowhere between those is "allowing the rally" a choice since he literally has no choice in the matter. He can do nothing to stop it.
&gt; This is how we all **kind of** stay safe and help each other. ah, you gotta love those worry words
bingo
&gt; All he got was the ability to run the magazine until his death and love in the mansion. That's it. You say that like its not the only thing he ever wanted
paging r/unclejokes we got a live one
frost those tips and this is Card Fieri the ambassador to Flavordeck
WHICH for anyone just now diving into this thread is 21%. 21% to 19.5% is this supposed "immediate danger". Which might be true if a whole building of workers somehow dropped that much, since its clearly part of a huge ventilation problem, but inside a mask (basically in your mouth) theyre saying dropping 1.5% means immediate danger. If you were holding your breath til you got to the end of reading this comment, congrats, youre in the dAYNGAAA ZOOONE
Dont forget the ultimate goal here: tear down public schools even further to make sure upward mobility reaches record lows in America. I feel disgusted even having to say this but the clear outcome here is that they will force schools to say "If you want to come, wear a mask, if you dont want to wear a mask, you dont have to come" which only serves to make public education way way harder and more expensive than it has to be. And thats the way they want it, so they can keep telling the story of how schools are failing and the unions / big government are to blame and the only solution is for a bunch of america to just go without.
if i told you that, i wood have to kill you
how many people gotta fall down a desert ravine before we figure out THATS A BAD WAY TO GET STICKS
THIS my dude. the lane connectors should be used as a LAST RESORT for overriding ai. lane arrows, allowed changes/entrances/yields and otherwise more sensible interchange arrangement should be tried first. lane connectors get overused as a crutch and it hurts you later when you realize you changed the city and have to redo all your connections because demand moved around.
But do you realize that you could have just toggled off 'allow lane change' for pretty much all of those and it would work the exact same way?
turning off allowing lane change for the intersection does the same thing though. honestly TM:PE is the perfect example of too much rope. people hang themselves all the time because for any given problem there are a few simple ways plus a few overcomplex ways to approach it.
lane mathematics is just skylines slang for "put in proper turn lanes because skylines is dumb"
yep roads that actually merge / diverge like they could in real life would go a long way toward easier, better looking cities. like why is it so hard to create a gentle offramp, or a gentle 4 lane highway to 4 lane road transition? Why does evrything need awkward 15 degree angles? And we wouldnt need lane math if skylines had the super simple concept of exit lanes / merge lanes. just slap on some more lane at the merge for a few tiles because we all know its needed, its not brain science.
yeah with discover i always just click enroll and then go about my business. if im already buying and the reward hits, then perfect.
Graphics memory issue? I ran into that all the time before i upgraded my gpu from 750ti to 1050ti and it hasnt done it since.
found Biffas reddit handle
which is why they need to just fix it *in the fucking game* instead of getting a cheerful british man to make 23950428 youtube videos about it
almost all his videos are other peoples cities, in which he fixes terrible traffic problems
like all democratic systems, popular voting is an absolutely terrible way to do things, it just happens to be less terrible than all the other methods that have been tried
is it a der dutchman? the store in that place is like a midwestern orgy if we weren't all prudes
depends on if its made of some casual shit like walnut or if its made of pure BUCKEYE WOOD
