The one true king.
When I was in high school I had a huge crush on another girl. Unfortunately she moved away after a year. It was a religious private school on top of that... So I pined away silently, enjoying the rush of butterflies while it lasted.
The problem is when someone's identity is tied into something they believe. If they learn that evolution is real that challenges their religion and their religion is a HUGE part of their life. It's easier to refuse to believe in evolution than accept some huge part of their life is wrong or a lie.
The kerning on this is fine. The font may lend itself to having too much space at the top before a capital A, but if you look at the bottoms of the letters they are as close as they could reasonably be expected to get.
I love your username, btw.
&gt;Didn't every news outlet also claim Trump grabs women by the pussy? Wait... do T_D's deny that Trump himself was recorded saying he likes to "grab them by the pussy" and that Trump, himself, did not deny that the recording was real? These people just do not live in reality.
Tuesday's coming. Did you remember to bring your coat?
They called Bif becoming president in the bad future. We're in the bad future.
This works really well to Cake's "The Distance"
Who's on Second.
It will get better. But it will get worse before it gets better. Stop setting yourself on fire to keep others warm and start worrying about yourself.
Why did we get these? E* Not sure why I'm being downvoted... but apparently it was because of the quest bug when KC came out.
You are not a good person.
I'd imagine the sort of things preppers value... Gold, Cigarettes, canned goods, bullets. I'm not sure if you can really "invest" in them though as the value is in physically having them after the end of times, not merely ownership in the companies that produce them.
Yep... If you are morbidly obese, unemployed, living in your parents basement, pushing 40... You are not going to get a date with the 20-something Instagram model... But Mark my words they'll still bitch about how women don't like"nice guys" when they get turned down.
I really want to see this memed. Yellow Pearl at all sorts of things and places and episodes.
It shows that the animators do, in fact, take shortcuts (re-using scenes with slight modifications) and make continuity errors. I believe /u/TitaniumGavel is suggesting the more detailed diamond cut may be one such error. And with just how similar the two gems appear, I don't think that's too much to suggest.
Sound does not travel instantaneously. From one side of the orchestra to the other, there's enough distance that without a conductor you will be off (from the audience's perspective) if you try to just play on your own. As for cue-ing the sections... I don't know why they do that... because, yes, they should know it's their turn by reading the music and not losing count of the measures.
No but it might help global warming to put a stop to all of that hot air.
That is exactly what I thought of, too. It's interesting to me how something so simple can be interpreted both so hopeful and so morbidly depending on the context.
&gt; Most sleep experts say they're not particularly useful if you haven't started first following all the recommended sleep hygiene standards Sleep Hygiene is amazing. I never really slept well. I took hours to fall asleep, tossing and turning, sometimes not ever really falling asleep the entire night. But then I developed tinnitus a little more than a year ago, now. It got bad. I arranged to see a sleep specialist and thankfully the appointment came just in time. I had gone 4 days without sleep the day I got to see the specialist (I was shaking and beginning to hallucinate) and got some meds to force sleep. It worked. I spent the next few months with the sleep specialist working on both sleep hygiene and finding medicine that worked. I slowly weened off of the meds... And now, even though I still have tinnitus... I sleep better than I've ever slept in my entire life. There are nights when right at 10:30-11 pm I get so tired I couldn't even keep my eyes open if I tried and I sleep soundly. Sleep Hygiene is the best.
There's a part of me that thinks this is is a gif done in reverse.
Yeah... but Kripp has years of experience and is a good player. The vast majority of new players won't be able to do that, sadly.
You forgot the "oof" because everyone drops the goddamned rock back on his stupid little leafy head.
That's true. Subreddits in general get banned far more often now. Back in the day there was a lot of drama over Jailbait and then a year or two later fatpeoplehate. Then suddenly there's a cascade of banned hate subs every few months.
What are the writer's circumstances?
Wow.
&gt; But I’m assuming you mean that there are ways to prevent it from getting to be a problem, but humanity will ignore these possibilities in favor of reckless abandon for profit Your assumption would be correct.
Yep. And I do not trust those driven by profit to allow silly things like "safety precautions" and "due diligence" to get in the way of their profits... especially since they can safely assume that the government will not force them to pay for the clean-up of their disasters ("privatize profit, socialize loss" and all), which is even more incentive to be reckless.
And you are the winner. Maybe in 2000 years if some other religion (or no religion) takes over, Christianity will be referred to as a mythology, too.
the spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised
work-around: they ship you to mars with nukes. You didn't say which globe.
Same here... I always get distracted by side quests.
&gt;he just called me back and told me hes willing to extend the deadline by another week, but i really need to get her to talk. And please no more liberal anti cop propaganda. How can i reallistically help my daughter here? Step 1: Do not force her to incriminate herself by admitting to the police she broke the law by threatening to assault someone. Step 2: Get a lawyer.
1. Do nothing. 2. Keep a record of every time they contact you and what they say and do just in case they do try to sue for visitation you can show they're crazy and toxic. 3. If you get a summons for court and they do sue you for visitation, get a lawyer and go to court.
People come up to me all the time and say 'you should be a model,' or 'you look just like a model,' or 'maybe you should try to be a man who models.' And I always have to laugh because I'm so good looking. Of course I'm a model.
I am asking her to think about the future. Shockingly enough, parent or not, a woman may find that she wants companionship and to date following divorce! If she chooses to be a single mother and to date, she needs to think about the impact of that.
&gt;at the same time I hate that our relationship had a price tag Keep in mind, the price tag wasn't just the dollar value of the medical bills... it was quite literally her life. Without treatment, she would have died. She only sold your relationship with her when it was her very life in danger, and she probably did not do so gleefully at the first suggestion by your shared father, either. Honestly, other than parent and child, I'm not sure you'll find many people in this world who would rather die than end a relationship because the relationship was just that valuable.
Children laughing. I don't have kids.
It's definitely worth checking out. I didn't realize I ground my teeth until one day I had agonizing jaw pain and my teeth didn't feel like they fit together correctly anymore. It felt like if one side would line up, the other wouldn't, and every time I chewed something tough (from bagel to meat) my jaw would pop. One little X-ray later and I've got a TMJ diagnosis and a vinyl mouth guard I absolutely adore.
&gt; However, do to my composure and general desensitization to it, she feels that I really don’t or shouldn’t need heavy duty drugs. That's unfortunate. The fact you are able to cope with something doesn't mean you aren't still suffering.
Caffeine in our drinks maybe? Especially the amount found in energy drinks.
Less poverty... Fewer babies.
Maine is the closest state to Africa.
That is when you get up and request to see a manager about them and have an usher come in to stop them.
Massively cut down summary: - OP runs a courier business. - Customer requests a courier to pick up a part from Autobody shop. Customer pays via credit card at the time of request. This payment goes through but later (end of day, after everything else) turns out to be bad/fraudulent. - Autobody Shop is confused when Courier arrives. Autobody Shop gives Courier a part. Courier delivers it. - Customer says "oh noes, this is the wrong part! Go back and get the right part and take the old part back." - OP says "only if you pay me, or Autobody pays me." Customer says Autobody will pay in cash upon delivery. - Courier returns to Autobody but does not get cash before handing over the parts. Autobody says "we'll pay on credit card later." It is unclear if Autobody paid anything. OP: your options are to submit them to collections, sue them in small claims court, black list them both from your business.
Pasture raised is what he wants to buy.
Two words: boot cut.
I am pretty sure all of the Zoldyk family children were born with penises, however their crazy mother made 2 of them dress and basically become girls because she wanted some daughters. But considering they present as female and seem to self-identify as female, they're probably female as far as /u/shaking807 is concerned.
It works now! You just needed some text for us to highlight over. Mousing over the . makes it work.
You quit and find a new job.
A posed picture can be /r/accidentalrenaissance. When they posed it I somehow doubt they were intending for it to look like something out of the renaissance.
Aeris dies.
The article says he's 49. The girl was 5. So that means he was 44 when she was born. That's an acceptable range for early starters, with the average age for "becoming a parent" at 22.
Question: The other day the two younger Zoldyk children were ruled out for being girls. They were born males, but because they dressed as girls and self-identified as girls, they were excluded from the Best Guy. Why is Ruka from Stein;Gate allowed, then? Isn't that the same situation? Has a penis but identifies as and dresses as a girl?
got it! What is Felix from Re:Zero for the purposes of these competitions? E* NVM I see him on this list!
I think yellow may have even done it accidentally... like lashing out in anger at Pink being unwilling to destroy the Earth intending to punish, not destroy. It would make it all the more tragic.
It amazes me how far in advance they plan these things and the details they pepper in early seasons for major later season reveals. I think you are right and those are pink diamond's leg ship.
It's an absolutely gorgeous image, but I'm going to be a little petty right now... I'm slightly annoyed there's no refraction from the water. The show itself has refraction on Connie's Glasses!
Patamon? Really? Which of you did that?
You know... It would be really cool too do a best animal side kick contest. /u/Shaking807, what do you think?
I thought it was "You're-oh" like Euro in European.
Maybe it was a youth tournament at a community center and he made an 8 year old cry?
As much as I love ender game, this was a big problem for me.
Purchase a fire arm and wait for the next time he breaks into your house? More seriously, at that point you call the cops every day for every little thing. You call and call again. You get security cameras. You watch your child like a hawk. And you hope for the best, or you put the house up for sale and move.
I'm sure shows like "Hitler's ancient alien conspiracy" aren't helping things any, either.
You need a new bank, then. I've never once encountered an error with my checking account, be it direct deposit, bill pays, checks deposited, anything in over 10 years at my current bank. If your bank has **multiple** errors **every year** not in your favor, you are at an incredibly shitty and shady bank.
When every other civilized country and even some of the "shitholes" would have you pay nothing for that same quality of care (and in some places, even better quality care)... yeah... I see how someone might think it's not fair.
FYI: If training is required for your job, you must be paid for it. You can file a labor dispute with your department of labor if you document your hours spent in training that go unpaid.
Pasta is a high-carb food and as such it is not very filling. It has almost no nutritional value, either. It is one of the *worst* foods you can have regularly in your diet if you want to maintain a healthy weight. So even if you do cave in and have pasta because it is quick, you really shouldn't eat pasta every day.
But... he's not purple. Why purple?
Not everyone needs to suffer every one of those things I've said for "from-scratch cooking" to be cost or time prohibitive. When nearly [80%](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/24/most-americans-live-paycheck-to-paycheck.html) of the population lives paycheck to paycheck (granted plenty of them are just irresponsible with their money) and [1/3rd](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/19/heres-how-many-americans-have-nothing-at-all-in-savings.html) of Americans have absolutely NOTHING in savings at all, [7.6 million](http://www.businessinsider.com/more-americans-working-more-than-one-job-to-make-ends-meet-2017-8) hold two or more jobs, nearly [14 million](https://www.thespruce.com/single-parent-census-data-2997668) single parents, at least [10 million](http://247wallst.com/special-report/2016/07/15/states-with-the-most-americans-on-disability-2/) Americans on disability and [23.5 million](https://www.dosomething.org/facts/11-facts-about-food-deserts) living in a "food desert"... I do think you are vastly under-estimating how many people actually are much worse off than you or me. But this is really splitting hairs because from the very beginning I shouldn't be forced to bake my bread from scratch to get bread without added sugar and high fructose corn syrup. Even though I have plenty of money and time to make home cooked bread (and have done so), I should be able to buy no-sugar-added bread at the goddamned grocery store! And the general inability to do that is absolutely a contributing factor to obesity in the US.
I meant the scientists... do the scientists feel regrets... sadly, they're already dead and did not get to live to see the fruits of their labor.
A lot of the people I've encountered who are unhappy about policies that would ultimately benefit themselves (minimum wage, health care, etc) are unhappy that the *wrong* sort of people will also benefit, if you catch my meaning. Or they're even more obtuse than that, they would support anything proposed by an (R) but oppose anything from a (D) even if it were the same exact piece of legislation because their own personal outcomes are secondary to their team "winning."
The 50k was already adjusted for inflation. They got 50k in today dollars
If you are required to work you must be paid.
And then Kennedy was conveniently assassinated.
Well if you say "hey this conversation is a hippa violation" that would probably shock the dentist enough to at least make it private therein. Doctors are still people and do stupid things like anyone else.
And if they are already about to lose their house because of bad financial decisions... the odds they will manage that 300k responsibly is slim to none.
Black dogs are notoriously difficult to photograph well... I've noticed my own little black Scottie looks absolutely adorable in the snow and photographs better in snow than anywhere else. I think it's just all the brightness.
A great time for sun blocking curtains.
If you have BGE, their online account information allows you to look at your usage per day. But if your landlord has the account you may not be able to log in to see it. I once got a bill for $800.00 only to find out they thought I somehow used 3 months of gas in a single hour on some random Tuesday (not unless my house was on fire!). After bringing it to their attention I still had to pay, but they investigated and found a bad meter and ultimately I got refunded by simply not having to pay a single bill for about 3 months after that (credit on the account)! So check that out and see if there any obvious times where the energy has fluctuated super high, or if it's a constant energy rate. Also compare your gas/electricity used to previous months and see if it is substantially higher or the same. Also keep in mind this past month has been absolutely FRIGID. The price you pay is actually based on the temperature outside (they have some weird calculation that makes energy use during very hot and very cold days cost more because they can!). My current bill is the highest legitimate bill I've ever had (nearly 3 times higher than a typical spring or fall bill and about 30% higher than a normal winter month). So this may very well be a legitimate bill for you in spite of everything.
I wonder what it's like living in that head of yours... to really believe this sort of thing. What is it like to be so far removed from reality that "schizophrenic" would be accurate if not for the fact so many thousands of others share your same delusion they just call it "Republican"?
Your post has caused so many people to discover SCP for the first time. I'm a bit envious of the mindfuckery they're going to get to experience for the first time ever.
&gt; he's worth Billions. lol.
&gt; Is he going to lose his license because the General Contractor didn't get a permit and lied saying he had one? It depends. Is this the first time he screwed up? The tenth? Normally a general contractor will have a contract with the sub contractor detailing what is and is not included in the project. If the contract did not include permits, then that's the GC's mistake. Now your friend who is an electrician really should have known better. Electrical work that requires permits requires approval and inspection. Inspectors usually require the electrician be present with the AHJ for questions and last minute changes. Why didn't your friend think to ask about the inspections and their dates? Permits can be done after the fact (for emergency repairs that's almost ALWAYS the case), but the AHJs tend not to like the "ask forgiveness later" thing... but they like trying to cover things up and hide them even worse and if you've got a squeaky homeowner threatening to go to the AHJ this could become a bigger problem for your electrician friend. The permits will need to be pulled and the work will need to be inspected and if this electrician and GC get their shit together then neither should be in any big trouble. (this is based on my experience with fire alarm/sprinkler system repairs which occasionally had electrical aspects requiring permits, too).
Tis a seasoned and old meme of bygone years.
And if history tells me anything... in the next two weeks we're going to hear about some massive layoffs at FedEx.
Not a youtube channel... but a guy who did amazing guides... /u/sarlac I miss your guides!
Picture 45... what is that? It looks neat.
They can fire her because they don't like her shoes, because they don't like the way she styled her hair, because she didn't smile big enough when saying "welcome to walmart." Yes, they can fire her for not following their policy about informing them that she is not scheduled.
And the only person you hurt by holding onto anger is yourself. Anger, like grudges, is like drinking poison while expecting the other person to die.
You'd miss the loss of taste that comes with smell, though. Taste is just not as good without smell.
What fight? or maybe what chapter? I've read the manga but it's been a long while so I'm not remembering much of it.
We're sorry but your post or comment has been removed for the following reason: This material has been recently posted or has been posted continually. See the full rules in the [/r/fatlogic wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/wiki/index) for more information. [Message the mods]( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ffatlogic&amp;subject=&amp;message=) if you have any questions. Include a link to your post or comment, please.
It's called an "easement." If you have been using an adjacent property to access your property for decades even without permission, they can't just cut off access to your property. At least a normal property owner couldn't... the government did, and did so without remorse. Then they left him with no other ways to continue his business by denying any new easements/roads to get access. Everyone has a point at which they snap. Having your livelihood ruined, your business ended, and having had it done maliciously by the government is more than enough for a lot of people.
&gt; Book 4 of Avatar Eh? Avatar ended in 3 seasons, didn't it?
The same short-term short-sighted quarterly period of time, the prioritization of which has ruined so many other brands. The shareholders did the right thing.
They seem to have gotten over it once called out... you're no longer at -9 votes!
I always thought of Korra as it's own show, seasons 1 through whatever.
I didn't think Vanilla had bodies of water that large anymore.
Kamehameha is a name of a historical Hawaiian dude... So you could probably get away with something saying that without using dbz graphics. And text only is almost certainly ok but toeing a line depending on what it says (direct quotes vs. original text).
Alternate timeline. In our world we had MD, VA and DE... in their world there's Delmarva. So my guess: just a different arrangement of states.
&gt; Viharharagos What does that mean?
mocking bird? parrots?
One of my favorite things to do is decorate the tree. Having a brilliantly lit tree with shining ornaments during the darkest time of year brings me joy even if it has no religious meaning.
That constitutional crisis, crazy illegal, unbelievably crass thing Trump did last week. Just repeat every week.
Werewolves/mafia. It's a game where each person is assigned a card, dividing you into two groups, where one group is trying to kill the other group in the night (and there's a moderator to guide the game) and when awake the goal is to identify the werewolves/mafia people and lynch them before they can kill you in the night.
We're sorry but your post or comment has been removed for the following reason: * Text posts should be submitted as comments in the appropriate thread. Please see automod's comment for more information. See the full rules in the [/r/fatlogic wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/wiki/index) for more information. [Message the mods]( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ffatlogic&amp;subject=&amp;message=) if you have any questions. Include a link to your post or comment, please.
&gt;(Although media reports have put the gem at 840 pounds, Johnson said in his ruling that it was a mere 751.77 pounds, and nearly 3 feet long at its tallest point.) I'm guessing the other 90 pounds or so wandered off as small scraps in the pockets of LPD workers.
We're sorry but your post or comment has been removed for the following reason: Absolutely no pictures that include children. See the full rules in the [/r/fatlogic wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/wiki/index) for more information. [Message the mods]( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ffatlogic&amp;subject=&amp;message=) if you have any questions. Include a link to your post or comment, please.
It's got a very Dr. Suess feel to it.
Oooh I like that! Is it from something?
Anyone else hear the mission impossible theme when Coran was trying to fix the ship? I laughed way harder then I should have at that.
&gt; I'd define queerbaiting as a creator/staff dropping multiple hints of a romance between two characters of the same gender (Or just of a character being queer) both in and out of the work, with no real intention of pulling it off, Yep. That's my opinion as well. They create characters and have them act in a way that if you look at it just right you could believe there was a homosexual relationship... except they never make it cannon and never do anything to disavow it. They want the Fujoshi to love the show and keep shipping the characters without scaring away the people who would not want that in their show.
I posted this elsewhere in thread, but I wanted to respond to you with it as well because it is relevant (the whole good intentions bad actions): I'm actually really angry at Allura's childishness when it came to what to do with Lotor following the discovery of his true intentions and past actions. The Galra Empire is still out there. They have the option of working with Lotor who is at least reasonable about pursuing peace and allowing the various peoples to rule over themselves and TRYING to find some sort of cohesive lasting peace. Yes, Lotor is a monster. Yes he is manipulative. But that comes with the territory of being a Galra. Did they really think Lotor's hands were clean? That he hadn't ever mass murdered a population or done something brutal for victory? Never made the utilitous choice to sacrificed one for the good of the mission? Having Lotor as an ally with the Galra empire at his beck and call is a far BETTER position than having him as an enemy with the entirety of the Galra Empire behind him. Or having the Galra empire a broken patchwork of tribal warfare through the galaxy, each with their own "emperor" to contend with. Sometimes your allies won't be perfect. Sometimes they may be downright evil. But when facing a worse evil, you fucking compromise. Allura took a clear tactical advantage and squandered it because her feelings were hurt. It's like watching a horror movie where the damsel in distress takes the banana instead of the gun. It was a stupid and impulsive decision.
He has an entire Balmera!
&gt; so I figure if it has to take a slight hit, it might be worth it. Is your mother planing to take out any loans anytime soon? Or try to get into a retirement community that might require running a credit check? If not, then your mother's credit score probably won't matter much to her in retirement.
And if doing that meant the Galra empire would stop literally using a planet-destroying quintessence-sucker to literally end entire planets... and if doing that meant that the occupied planets would be given some degree of self governance... would that not be better than the alternative? Even if it was just a stop-gap that they did temporarily until they could unite the formerly occupied planets in an uprising it would still be better than waging all out war on the Galra.
You should look up Oriental Lilies, then.
&gt; and honestly you're just giving Lotor excuses to be a terrible, monstrous person. I am not. I am looking for the decision that results in the least death, destruction and harm. I'm not saying team Voltron should side with Lotor forever, but that until they have a plan to handle the power vacuum they've created, they were wrong to just ditch him and their alliance like that because of the death and destruction it will cause.
Shush... We don't let facts get in the way of American Exceptionalism and blind patriotism!
Cry and move on with your life. More seriously, you call the police. You file a police report. You can sue them in small claims court after the fact. You can do a charge-back on your credit card after explaining what happened and presenting the police report. Depending on the state you might have more specific protections like the Consumer Protection board of Quebec.
That's why it's not a long-term goal. I never said make Lotor Emperor and leave him there. The problem is creating a power vacuum with no plan in place resulting in lots of death. The solution is not carelessly make a power vacuum without a plan in place. Lotor absolutely needs to be deposed. But there's a reckless way to do it (impulsively with no plan that results in billions of deaths and a good chance the galaxy falls into Galra control permanently) and a smart way to do it (any number of other plans Princess Allura did not consider because she was impulsively letting her emotions control her). It's like siding with the current progressive royal family of Saudia Arabia instead of killing them so that the fundamentalist Imams do not grab power in a power vacuum turning the already human-rights violating country into one that is far far worse. And then putting a plan in place (either via force, subterfuge, populace uprising) to turn SA into a democracy in the future rather than dooming them to another few decades of oppressive tyranny. And in anticipation of the rebuttal: what if they can't remove Lotor once he's in power? If Team Voltron is unable to defeat Lotor during peace times and depose him... then what reason is there to believe they can depose any other Galra leader and actually win during war times? I believe they are more than capable of defeating Emperor Lotor.
Make sure you update us if you do get diagnosed with MS... it's one of those things that could go into the reddit museum like when people on /r/legaladvice diagnosed someone as having carbon monoxide poisoning when he left post-its around his apartment but didn't know he was the one doing it. I hope it's not MS... but if it is, at least you'll catch it a bit earlier than you might have otherwise.
You set plans and stuck to them. If you were going to meet up somewhere at 7PM you were there at 7PM or you had no clue where everyone went and your night was done. It also led to a lot more panicking if someone was actually very late - what if they had a car crash? etc? Someone being late wasn't just brushed off because you could always reach them on cell phones to see what was up.
&gt; This is hilarious to me Me too. Can you imagine it? Getting an email about how amazing the food in the fridge was... even better if the boss is like "And as I ate each supple bite, I wept for you, too, would not know the joy of this meal... for I have eaten it." I would love it.
We're sorry but your post or comment has been removed for the following reason: * We require that all visible identifying information be redacted. This includes faces, usernames, **profile pics** and the names of sites and subreddits. This requirement does not apply to the names of public figures, such as authors of articles. See the full rules in the [/r/fatlogic wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/fatlogic/wiki/index) for more information. [Message the mods]( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Ffatlogic&amp;subject=&amp;message=) if you have any questions. Include a link to your post or comment, please.
Look up "emotional labor" and read about it. It is something you are doing that he is not.
This hurt so bad to read.
Yay! I've missed this sub!
And the winner, of course, is Super Mario Brother's 2!
&gt; By my math, she owes me an explanation I just want to say I really liked that turn of phrase.
Yep. I realized I did not want kids when I was 15. I told my now-husband this a few weeks after we started dating. I told him again when we got more serious. I told him again when we got engaged. And a few days before the wedding I told him one last time as a "seriously, not changing my mind on this." Thankfully he was cool with that decision. Still don't want kids and we still don't have them.
Yeah... There are tons of horror stories out there about people who said they didn't want kids only for their partner to think "Oh they'll change their mind" or to think they could make them change their mind. And it's just a sort of default position of literally EVERYONE that all women want kids and no woman seriously doesn't want them... so the effort has always been twice as difficult as it's needed to be to convince people I was and am serious. My husband teases me when I tell the story, like I was being excessive to bring it up as often as I did... but I wasn't taking any risks that he harbored any illusions I might one day be convinced to bear children for him.
He thinks that because he sees the Colonial Penn Life Insurance commercials on Fox for $12/mo term life insurance. He thinks that's real health insurance.
Second time. First time was a week ago. https://www.reddit.com/r/RedditMinusMods/comments/a002jr/what_would_reddit_look_like_on_sat_nov242018_at/
They aren't angsty. But they're definitely ridiculously intelligent children. It's primarily suspense/horror.
http://www.heavensgate.com/
You've got 5 responses and none of them are right... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hzx8KHjQD6c Anchorman had a joke about an anchorman who thought too highly of himself... that was sort of the whole joke of the movie - that he thought himself so incredibly amazing. Yama is a lot like Anchorman... and the line about the "rich Mahogany" is a reference to that. Truth be told... you'll probably find other pop culture references to the lines he says in that clip (I'm kind of a big deal.... etc).
Oh yes... I see it far more spectacularly when my eyes are closed. Learning how to sleep again was one of the hardest things when it started for me as a child.
4 weeks = 28 days. Other than February... every single month has slightly more than 4 weeks (30 or 31 days). Those extra days are where the extra weeks come from.
Can a former president become a senator after serving as president?
There's a name for that... I don't remember what it is but it's like Poe's Law or Murphy's Law... it's some other guy's law... The best way to get an answer to an issue is to post the WRONG answer intentionally and people will come out of the woodworks to tell you why you're wrong whereas they never would have bothered to answer the original question on its own.
She-ra? But it's sooooo bad! E* Downvote all you want. The show is terrible. Holding it up next to the likes of Avatar or Voltron is ridiculous.
Bacterial/single-celled aliens.
I can't. I already gave up my smart phone so I can't read reddit anymore.
Source? There's got to be more to that story.
There were a lot of issues I had with episode 12. Like... they went into the final battle completely half-cocked. They couldn't wait for Hunk, so they didn't go through the portal AS voltron. But ignoring that... the ATLAS did not go through the portal in battle-mode EITHER. Why not? The ship should have been transformed and ready for battle. It's like the characters all went and made the dumbest choices possible for the sake of drama.
Everyone who has ever consumed Dihydrogen Monoxide dies. Every year thousands of people die because of Dihydrogen Monoxide.
I've not seen Darling in the Franxx... I know a lot of people were hyped for it when it was coming out. Is it worth watching? How bad is the ending?
But after the quantum abyss nearly a year passed - between their trip to earth and the time spent on earth. In Episode 1 or 2 they mentioned being on earth fortifying defenses and stuff for something like 6 months. Lance had a growth spurt.
Almost certainly not. The purpose of that epilogue was to tie up loose ends. At this point I'm just going to keep my ear to the ground for future Studio MIR stuff.
&gt; And? Why are people pissed about that? He got brought back from some kind of interdimensonal cosmic rage where he literally let his body be overrun by pure power. What'd people think he was going to look like? They spent the first half of the season teasing that Lotor might still be alive. His death was not directly confirmed - even with a mutated and damaged arm it was not directly confirmed until the end when you saw his ghost with all the rest. In addition to that, he was only in the quintessence field maybe a minute longer than Voltron (remember, time dilation - Voltron was in there for over 3 years and experienced maybe 5 minutes... 1 year later on the outside, or 1 minute more on the inside, Lotor is pulled out and has managed to fuse with the cockpit and die?). I'm fine with Lotor being dead. But like so many other things in this season events happened, or events were confirmed to have happened off screen, and the characters just move on to the next event without reaction or impact. Honerva should have had a scene of anguished grieving for the death of her son, a statement to the remaining Altean people, literally anything would be better than the nothing they showed.
&gt; The one thing that I'm personally upset about is the neutering of Shiros personality and the lack of his relationship with Keith Yep. It really seems like some exec was scared that if they showed an openly gay character being affectionate in a friendly paternal way with another character they might catch heat. It was downright awful the way they completely isolated Shiro and made him a non-character for the final season.
I disagree. She had the patience to plot and scheme for nearly 4 years (from the time they entered the quintessence field until the end of the show), to find a universe where original Honerva died but where life remained peaceful so she could take her place. Her every move was calculated and focused. Nothing about the way she acted indicated a lack of patience, insanity, or madness.
&gt; Randomizing the starting point makes it harder for a player to clear all heroes and all shrines. What it actually did is that I finished exactly 1 run and have no intentions of ever playing again.
Asking for good writing isn't a pie in the sky dream... nor does criticizing poor writing make me a toxic whiner. Perhaps if you actually read my post (instead of TL;DR) you'd appreciate the very valid and reasonable points I made about the writing. The final few seasons were poorly written. I'm sorry you're so emotionally invested in this show that you can't handle people legitimately criticizing its flaws without somehow taking it as a personal attack on you.
I agree completely. It doesn't matter if they do it to a man or a woman... any writer who ultimately says "none of the deep meaningful relationships this person had prior, none of their passions, none of their achievements, literally nothing that defined this person actually mattered... they did not achieve true happiness or purpose until they were married" is a bad writer. The writers literally threw away Shiro's entire character as unimportant in the light of matrimony. It was a shameful way to reduce an otherwise complex and interesting character that happened to be gay into being nothing more than something purely defined by his homosexuality. The message I took away from Shiro's treatment was this: &gt;You're only truly happy when you've been domesticated. You could be a passionate pilot who has very strong dreams and desires and a fulfilling career but none of that matters, you must heel turn for marriage; you are not truly successful and can never be "truly" happy until you literally give up everything that defines you, everything you're passionate about, for marriage. It's not a good message.
Instead of Atoms I now entertain the thought I'm literally seeing the electrical/brain activity... since VS is thought to be a byproduct of the brain... in a way I suppose it's true.
/r/murderedbywords
I agree with everything this person on twitter had to say.
&gt; neither drank nor ate, for a week. TIL Dehydration takes approximately 10 days on average to kill you. Though it seems by day 3 you fall into unconsciousness and become, for all intents and purposes, doomed (assuming lost in the wilderness). https://www.deathwithdignity.org/options-to-hasten-death/
I think the circumstances may have something to do with it. If you make $1k per pay period, then you have enough money to open a real bank account and have direct deposit. Why are you cashing a check at a bank where you don't even have an account? That's what I think is suspicious. Since it was a new job and a new check there's obviously a rational explanation for it. The teller should not have called the cops.
As far as mad scientists go, is say it falls under mildly annoyed.
Don't they live stream that tar drop? It takes like 200 years per drip.
"After Buu" I'm not sure any of us will live that long. I love /r/teamfourstar, but I don't think we're going to get through to the end of DBZ.
Same thing for me. I've had a litany of weird, but not too weird, issues over my life. Each time, the specialists I've gone to have been far more interested in solving my problems than the general practitioner. I ruptured an eardrum that resulted in tinnitus (no cure, just acclimation) and insomnia because of the tinnitus. The ENT and Sleep Specialists were both responsive, interested in getting me to a place where I'd be able to cope with tinnitus and sleep again, and were all around spectacular. But because of my GP/PCPs I've got extreme anxiety that if what I've got does not present itself in some catastrophic and tangible way that it will be treated like nothing. If I don't have a bone literally sticking out of my arm my GP/PCP won't believe me that I've broken a bone, and won't recommend an x-ray or any sort of diagnostic scan. It's so bad that when I went to my dentist about 2 years ago because of jaw issues and got diagnosed with TMJ and he showed me on the x-ray where the joint problem was and how you could see it plain as day... **I wanted to cry.** I was so happy that the x-ray showed something **real** and that he wouldn't end up thinking it was all in my head when I said I could not open my jaw and that it hurt and felt like my teeth didn't line up. My PCP/GPs always wants to "wait and see if it gets worse" without touching me or doing ANY diagnostics (no scans, no blood tests, nothing). And "wait and see" is fine... but when the issue does NOT go away... And I bring it up year after year at every physical... I'd like to maybe consider other options beyond "wait and see." For example... I've had a knot with a rock solid pea-sized lump in my back for over 10 years now that causes me near constant pain and limits my upper body mobility. The first PCP I mentioned it to about 5 years back (prior to that I did not have good health insurance) did not even TOUCH my back, told me it was "probably" a lipoma and that there was literally NOTHING that could be done about it. I went in with a history of night-itching (idiopathic hives with photographic evidence and written log of breakouts...cause is still unknown, but managed with antihistamines), frequent lymph node swelling in my neck (4 times in a single year), and a lump in my back. But let's not do any blood work or check for cancer because lymphoma is *totally* not a possibility matching all those symptoms! Thankfully it wasn't (or else I'd be dead by now), but no thanks to that doctor. The second PCP I went to a few months ago at least touched my back to feel the lump and requested an Ultrasound stating clearly beforehand that it would not show anything if it was a lipoma. Surprising no one, it showed nothing. But this PCP also does not want to do ANY followup scans to figure out what this lump actually is (just a best guess at lipoma) and like the first has given me a treatment plan of "live in constant pain for the rest of your life" because it's "stable" (as in the lump isn't getting bigger). So now I'm seeking out pain management specialists on my own because the first two general practioners I've gone to can't be bothered to figure out definitively what this lump is and "just live in pain forever" is NOT the treatment course I want. Maybe recommend physical therapy? Maybe recommend trigger point injections? Maybe any of the other half dozen potential treatments for a lipoma that I could easily google? Maybe literally ANYTHING other than NOTHING? I'm hoping this pain management specialist will be as good for me as other specialists have been.
I do get regular deep tissue massages. It's what I decided to do about 5 years ago after the first PCP ignored my issue. It gives a few days to a week or two of relief. This one knot has persisted through it all. Massages aren't cheap. Over my life if I keep getting monthly massages I'll spend $100k total on them. I'm hoping to find something that might prevent that expense (and am looking into trigger point injections which have success at dissolving lipoma).
They really don't need to Abridge Super... it's pretty much making fun of itself for most of it.
You say as if vaccines were not already ridiculously safe and effective.
How did we not see it find this sooner?
Was it a blendtech blender?
It's been 8 hours... I think he really died.
I missed the first post, so I don't know her name... But do us a solid if you remember it and Google it next week and let us know if her arrest gets reported in the news.
The new coke 0. The old stuff was better.
Back then you had small, passionate, dedicated teams who made games because they loved gaming. Now it's all business, designed by committee, and crafted to make as much money as possible.
Exactly. Religion has always existed as a way to explain the unknown. As science and human knowledge has grown, explaining the source of rain or explaining the fundamental functions of the universe, people have fewer and fewer reasons to believe. Most people also have the ability to use deduction and reason: if science has historically killed most of our gods existence by explaining away their reasons for existing, does it make sense to think they won't eventually get to the rest? And as more about more people get access to information and exposed to be beliefs you find they're abandoning religion and gods because of it
What does your elected representative believe about climate change? How has your elected representative voted on climate and environmental issues? Did you vote for him?
Seriously /u/Darkone539... this is how I got certain relatives of mine to stop asking when I was having kids. I told them all about the birth control I was using and when they kept pressing I told them I'd get an abortion if I fell pregnant. They finally stopped asking.
And I bet you have a black friend too!
Well then by all means do tell... what other issues are so important to you that they dwarf the literal destruction of human civilization through the ecological end economical damage of global climate change? E* 2 hours later and no response. Yeah go figure.
Because my teacher personally disagreed with the stance I took on an assignment. She even wrote as much in her assessment that she personally disagreed and therefore minus one letter grade. This was in college in a diversity-humanities course where I should have expected as much. But having come from a heavily math major and having had many philosophy courses where disagreements could be rewarded so long as they were supported... I didn't realize that in the humanities the teacher cares more about you regurgitating their political beliefs back to them.
You are right. OP's wife got this coat from amazon: https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B01167S6TC/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_xSIiCb8W4WZHN So a lazy husband didn't want to go to Macy's and found something that looked similar on Amazon, bought it, and then when his wife was disappointed he lied about a bait and switch to save face.
Nope. Op bought this coat: https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B01167S6TC/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_xSIiCb8W4WZHN
I want SS god mode to be called "Super Duper Saiyan" or some variant thereof.
Maine is closer to Africa than Florida. Oh shit... it's my cakeday.
That is correct. Maine is closer to Africa than Florida is to Africa.
Amazing x 10 Really Good x 52 Normal x 223 Exhausted x 51 Depressed x 2 Frustrated x 7 Stressed x 20
Normal x 223 Really Good x 52 Exhausted x 51 Stressed x 20 Amazing x 10 Frustrated x 7 Depressed x 2
Not if those siblings are poor because they use drugs, gamble, and continually make bad life choices.
I'm guessing it derives from "red light district" which is where the prostitutes and drugs and bad bars and strip clubs in a city are centered.
Nope. After a lifetime of using drugs and not holding down a job, buying groceries for my sibling only served to free up a few more dollars for drugs, further enabling them. My father lost over 100,000, his entire retirement, paying missed mortgages and buying groceries over a decade. I am not going to do the same. If my sibling was homeless and starving on the streets I still wouldn't give them money. Either they get their shit together in their 40s, finally, before my father passes, or they're going to be homeless. Those are my sibling's options and I will not be diving in to rescue that pos.
Absolutely. I don't disagree with that.
At that point money for rehab is the only help I'd consider.
If this is real and not just a karma grab... by who? And about how much? These are amazing and I could see myself getting something like this of my pets.
&gt; I like to use the sandwich example: there is no objective universal law that instructs what constitutes a sandwich, yet we know what a sandwich is when we see it, and we know things that are not sandwiches when we see them. You are clearly not aware of the Food Cube and Sandwich Alignment Chart controversy. E* Link for the unaware: http://cuberule.com/
"A steak is a salad" is one of my favorites.
The cook has been coming out "next year" for the past 5 years. I wouldn't hold my breath.
Small enough to pay no taxes, I'm sure.
Do a chargeback on your credit card.
Employers and their campaign donations dislike this. What Americans want rarely has an effect on politics.
Casting Patrick Stewart as Xavier is the only good thing they did.
*record screeching noise*
1. Laser removal. 2. Pay a good artist twice or three times as much as their original asking price had you gone to them in the first place to have them cover it up and "fix" it. There are some amazing cover-up fixes/artists out there who can work miracles. But you pay for it. 3. Live with it.
The fact it collapsed so spectacularly almost leads me to believe the cake was under-cooked, too.
&gt; Invisalign isn't as effective How so? They move teeth. That's sort of the desired effect, is it not?
So the dude pinching people in faces may well be a hostile government in this analogy.
Kyon version is the best.
I think OP means that someone in Alaska will offer to help him and then steal his money while leaving him for dead in the wilderness. In either case he dies in the wilderness... in one case someone relieves him of his wealth before he does.
Not sure. I actually don't read this one, just update it for those who do.
Some solid begging-chooser shit going on here.
I believe they were up last night... so assuming it started as early as 12:01 AM on 1/3, it should be back by the 6th.
Probably the same as most other food allergies: a range that starts at simply feeling unwell to stomach aches, vomiting, nausea, fever to something as severe as hives and possibly swelling/reaction requiring an epipen.
I thought Boadicea, first... then realized you meant Joan of Arc by the end with France
You mean the ocean that's turning to acid and choking on plastic? hmm...
&gt; Question: Any ideas on why these seem to target trump tweets directly? If you're looking for gullible people to fall for a scam... go where the gullible people congregate.
They can be brute forced more easily since the person brute forcing it only has around 15-20 answers to brute force check for any question. Meanwhile if it were free text the answers could not be so easily guessed.
I love all the random times they switch into English to curse each other.
Yes, I do. It's a way they abuse the system to hire H1B's in the tech field. It's not new.
A link to their official announcement: https://mangadex.cc/thread/200708
At some point in the future this link will change to .org in stead of .cc. Mangadex is going through a host change right now.
In the future this link will change from .cc to .org
I know! I love when she comes to her senses and realizes she's being sassy with him and goes back to the "I'm about to die!" And Arwin seems so genuinely hurt she still seems to think he's going to hurt her. I look forward to seeing them grow closer together... Though I wonder where the plot is going to go now? Like... the plot of the novel's future developments and such.
&gt; It would lead to both fairer representation and better representation of constituents. That's the problem. The people in power don't want this.
Kids that he won custody of, and then dumped into the foster care system. The man was a piece of shit. I hope his daughter ruins whatever legacy he might have had.
wait... what was the trick in the original OP?
Nope. It's because ear cleaning is coded as a surgery according to insurance companies. Sticking a little vacuum Q-Tip into your ear with no cutting or blood or anesthesia or anything surgical is a fucking surgery.
Except it's usually 5 minutes spent with the doctor not listening to you when you say what's wrong so they can spend the next 15 filling out insurance paperwork to get paid before shoving you out to spend 5 minutes with the next rube. I've never once had anything I've brought up with a Primary Care doctor at a sickness visit or annual exam followed up on or diagnosed unless it was something stupid obvious like a Urinary Tract Infection where I could tell them what was wrong with me and what was needed to treat it (which, with my luck, always seem to happen on a Saturday or Sunday requiring urgent care instead of a PCP). Every single time for every issue they say "let's wait two weeks and see if it goes away" and two weeks alter "well we've tried nothing and are all out of ideas... this is your life now; you're too young for anything serious and also a woman so clearly nothing's actually wrong with you anyway." I've had to go to a specialist on my own (thank goodness I'm in an open-access insurance plan instead of an HMO... I'd never get a fucking referral for anything) to get any answers for anything wrong with me. And the specialists can usually diagnose something stupid easy right the fuck away (like impacted ear wax at an ENT the PCP didn't bother to even look for, or bone spurs that resulted in severe limping that the PCP never bothered to X-ray for but the podiatrist found immediately, or a poison ivy rash the dermatologist immediately diagnosed the PCP gambled would just fade away on its own while offering nothing for relief of symptoms). Fuck doctors. Fuck the insurance companies that pretty much force them to be incompetent.
When I was growing up there were so many girls named Ashley, Jessica, and Sara that we basically divided up the nicknames (Ash, Ashley, Ashie, Jess, Jessy, Jessica) and when we ran out started calling them "Big" "little" "old" "black" "white" or whatever adjective-name best applied to them. There's something to be said for not giving your kid one of the 10 most popular names that birth year. You don't need to give your kid the world's most unique name spelled all crazy... just not "Emma" or "Sophie" or "John" or whatever is trending this year.
Also the church was probably acoustically designed for reverb and so it sounds better whereas the stairwell was accidentally reverberating. A well designed auditorium/stage just sounds better because it is so designed.
But you see... he's rich and white. I wish I were kidding.
The score was fantastic... the movies were garbage.
Random similar thing. I had a dog die of liver failure. She had a distinct odor. I smelled the same odor on my other dog a day or two ago and now I'm worried. Thankfully a blood test for dogs is cheaper than for people.
The only thing this is missing is a dozen different abbreviations letting us know their gender, narcissists status, and pointless unnecessary acronyms (like DH for dear husband).
Sponsored means he paid to have this thread show up on the front page so he gets more views and as a consequence more advertising. It's formatted as an AMA so it looks less like advertising and more natural for reddit. He's paid reddit to do an AMA so that his business gets exposure. Notice he hasn't actually answered any questions, either. He may not answer a single one because this isn't really an AMA; it's an ad.
Reality has a liberal bias. Shocking, I know.
I knew you could repair them on an anvil by putting a damaged tool with another damaged tool (or new tool). I did not know you could repair a tool with it's component element.
Well we seem to have absolutely no problem pissing away trillions on unnecessary wars without a clear source of funding. For some reason that's easy peasy... I suggest we take the 3 trillion planned for the next war and spend it on healthcare instead. We'll source it from the same place we got the money for Iraq and Afghanistan.
TIL.
I'd rather cry locked in a Ferrari than cry locked in a third world prison.
And lots of people have dead mothers. And I say this as someone whose mother died when I was a teenager. I'd rather be a literal royal with every privilege and all the money with a dead mother... than an impoverished one working hard labor every day also with a dead mother. That's what seems to be missing here... It's not like some magical either or scenario where you have a shitty but wealthy life or a pleasant but average life. Shitty things happen to poor people all the time they just don't have hundreds of millions of dollars, a dozen palaces and an army of servants to fall back on when they do. I am certain it hurts that his mother died tragically. I have far less sympathy for him and his dead mom than I do a child who becomes orphaned, homeless and starving on the streets at the passing of their mother - which is a far more common occurrence than literal princes having dead moms.
Benjamin will care... since I'll be wiping my tears with $100 bills.
/r/oddlyspecific
Can't Eri just reverse time on him and take him back to when he had powers?
I almost feel bad for prince Heartknight. He's lost something very precious and is only now realizing it. I really hope, though that Tiara doesn't start to feel regret or sympathy for Heartknight turning this into a love triangle... or worse, she goes back to him. But a love triangle does seem likely since they're going to need a source of drama for the story to continue. But given how the chapter ends... it may not be Heartknight Tiara needs to worry about.
Sure! PM me!
Considering the intelligence of the average voter and how many voted for Trump... he may be on to something.
I think he has a toupee... he has more hair than I remember... oO
That is exactly my point. These elderly people think public schools don't benefit them so they don't have to pay... except there are a myriad of indirect and direct ways it does. An educated population is an employable population. Employed people pay into the social security they collect. An educated youth leads to more college graduates leads to more doctors to treat them. An educated youth means less crime against them. Etc. etc. I didn't seriously mean to suggest I wasn't interested in paying for public roads. I'm all for socialized public services like roads, schools, police, fire departments, etc., because I understand how they benefit me even when they don't directly benefit me.
And thus is the source of the children's' bravery-test fear-game known as "Bloody Mary."
There are infinite timelines. When you "die" you shift to one where you didn't. To everyone else in that first timeline, you die. What needs explanation is why there aren't 6000 year old people in this timeline. There should be timelines where these quantum immortals exist at the same time as the younger people (most likely and obvious answer: it's not a real thing).
There is no cure. You learn to acclimate to it. If you are having serious trouble with acclimating you can go to a behavioral specialist to learn ways to cope. The biggest thing you can do to not hear it: use a white noise generator and keep your mind busy with tasks.
Maybe in his wisdom he'll reconsider who becomes the next emperor.
Don't need to worry about Perry if there are no Platypuses *taps forehead*
Wallstreetbets is like gambling. Actual investing, like for retirement, in a strategic way that is meant to be safe, responsible and profitable is not at all what goes on at wallstreetbets.
I have no clue when I last updated this one! I don't track this one via discord... but it's been updated a few times in the past few weeks. ALSO THIS ONE IS SHOUNEN AI/YAOI/BOY LOVE. You've been warned. Company CEO wakes up in a novel he read where he's the doomed villain prince the hero kills. He wakes up just in time for the hero to be his prisoner of war which ultimately leads to his death.
And they'll lose the same way Hillary lost with abysmal turnout.
The same reason you teach kids basic addition before algebra before calculus before diffyq. You teach what they can understand then build upon that and refine it.
Which one is the bottom left next to young ocarina link?
/r/tippytaps
Chapter 63 just came out (new thread is up)... things look like they might be getting worse (more complicated) before they get better.
Is it still a "ship" if it's cannon?
TL;DR: we live in a boring Distopia and China is being sneaky and sketchy as one should expect.
I'm going to leave [this](https://youtu.be/6w6BJPru4eg?t=101) here for you. You're welcome.
There really was a thread last year sometime (possibly longer ago than that, things always seem more recent than they are). A family needed a special medical device or an electric wheelchair or something for their severely disabled child. The insurance company denied anything but the standard wheelchair/device. To purchase it would be around $50k. So a high school shop class made one (not FDA approved or tested and made by literal children) for like $500. And /r/upliftingnews made it out like this was some super amazing happy story.
[Civil Asset Forfeiture](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/11/23/cops-took-more-stuff-from-people-than-burglars-did-last-year/) stole more money from people than anything other form of theft (over 5B in 2017, growing annually). And while I couldn't find anything that concretely says wage theft is more common than other forms of theft; [Wage theft is about $50 Billion a year](https://www.recruiter.com/i/wage-theft-employers-steal-almost-50-billion-annually-from-workers/), while [other theft (2018)](https://www.statista.com/statistics/252440/property-stolen-and-recovered-in-the-us-by-type-and-value/) never even gets close per annually - the largest I see being vehicle (5.8B) and misc. (4.1B) with a combined total for regular thefts around 15B. So yeah... Employers steal the most by leaps and bounds... then cops... and everything else pales in comparison.
It's not like you have a choice. In the employer/employee relationship the employer has the vst majority of the power. Oh you don't want to give them your firstborn child? Well go work somewhere else, that also wants your firstborn child. They'll be happy to take one of the hundreds of other people begging for your job. We need more and stronger unions. We need a true and proper labor party that supports the working people to guarantee the sort of basic human dignity protections other countries seem to be able to accomplish. Then we wouldn't be forced to choose between literal homelessness with no healthcare or having a job but giving away all our rights for the "privilege."
Every time I play it I never do the real quests, always end up a stealth archer, do the thieves stuff and the assassin's stuff, get frustrated with something and turn on god-mode, quick save, summon a million dragons on the town with that douchebag just to make them all suffer, and then never actually finish the game. Like I've tried 3 or 4 times now... and every time it turns out the same.
Your wife isn't a "newer model" like some sort of car. She's a person. It doesn't surprise me the first wife cheated. It's only a matter of time before the second one stops wanting to be objectified and find a man who sees her as a human person and a partner or equal rather than a pretty little trophy.
I mean.. .god mode is built into the computer version...
It absolutely isn't right. But that's reality. I had friends in the Disney college program back in the day and they absolutely had those provisions in their contracts. One of them was really worried about it as he was in the middle of writing a book.
I have seen your posts over on /r/isekai and other anime and manga subreddits before asking people to write stories tailored to your personal preferences which seem to be "I hate everything about isekai tropes but for some reason still seem intent on reading the genre so I want someone to make a non-isekai isekai just for me!" No one is going to write a story for you or do any artistic work (and that's an important word, you are asking people to perform work for you) with the plot points you want unless it is commissioned and paid for. This is not the subreddit for hiring authors.
Having watched my husband play through all of the MGS games multiple times and having played KH myself and the side games.. No... there's no comparison. MGS makes so much more sense.
In the real world, you get paid for your time doing work.
It's that time of the year again! :D So exciting!
It's a lot older than that: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyle_(given_name)
Your knees can't hurt anymore if you don't have legs. *taps forehead*
Being omniscient... God has seen/experienced literally every single piece of porn that exists. God's search history is, if anything, "Complete."
Sounds like op may just be a pushover. Hard to believe a school classmate would also be someone she hasn't seen in 3 weeks and had to travel to visit (I suppose it could be during summer break). Op needs to establish better self esteem and self confidence rather than continuing to let people take advantage of her.
They also squandered a great opportunity to have Korra learn airbending and gradually get her powers back along with learning some humility from losing her powers instead of a literal last minute dues ex machina to fix everything. They also had a really cool idea to explore the issues in a world where a quarter to a half the population had super powers and the rest feel oppressed but we just ignored that after season one, now didn't we?
I would prefer she take this opportunity to re-evaluate ALL of her beliefs. Because the fact that she is ultimately a broken human being who can't experience empathy doesn't change because she changed one of her views. She still won't/can't empathize with the homeless, or the young woman who doesn't want kids but finds herself pregnant, or those on food stamps going hungry, etc.
And it's because of this, I suspect, that I find people who hate dogs for no reason to be off-putting. Like... if a dog attacked you, I get it. Or if you're allergic to dogs, I get it. But if you just don't like dogs because you think they're gross or something... I don't get you... there's something "wrong" about you. And I think it goes back to this symbiotic relationship between the two species. E* And I'm not talking about owning a dog, but if someone held a puppy up for you to pet and you go "ew no get that nasty thing away from me" I'm going to seriously wonder what's wrong with you.
I mean I remember reading how we also bred foxes for domestication/taming as an experiment sometime in the 1900s... and funny enough they ended up very dog-like, including a change in appearance that made them look more doglike.
&gt; Is it wrong if I think, as long as she’s learned and will act with genuine empathy from now on, it doesn’t matter? But do you really think she's going to do that? That she's going to change her views on homelessness, poverty, health care, social services, education funding, and all the positions that if she treated them with true empathy she'd be a democrat? Because if she did do that, then sure, it doesn't matter. But she won't. Because she doesn't have functional empathy. That's why she's a republican.
You know he's full of shit because if you asked him if he would do this (rubbing a knee or back) to a man the answer would be "no." And if you asked him if he'd do it to a female regional manager for his business he'd say "no." He knows what he's doing. He's targeting women who have positions of lesser power.
That reminds me of the creepy pasta of the kid who hears their mom calling for them from the kitchen and as they leave their bedroom their mom pulls them aside and says "I heard it too"or somethig like that.
Hey... did they ever figure out what the neutrino thing was from like... a week... two weeks... ago? The one that came from near Betelgeuse? I remember you saying the neutrino wave is a thing that would be a precursor to a super nova. Does it happen days/weeks before that it still could be related to a Betelgeuse supernova (doesn't sound like it)? Or has that ship sailed? And if that ship sailed, what was that wave all about (or do we know)?
&gt; Speaking of a lack of empathy... I no longer have *sympathy* for republicans; it is something entirely different. After literal decades of watching republicans hurt people... where cruelty is the point... I no longer have an sympathy for them, nor will I give them the benefit of the doubt.
"I love the Jews, but I also really love those Nazi fiscal policies so I'm voting for Hitler. Oh look, the Jews all died... not my fault though!"
&gt;If anyone felt like breaking their hearts 20+ times Oof. The truth of this statement hits me right in the feels.
But his abs are particularly well chiseled!
Because we literally have video evidence of the officer's knee on the man's neck cutting off both blood and airflow as the victim said he could not breathe, slowly lose consciousness, and then die in the street. The autopsy should have been a formality. If instead of a knee it was a bullet to the back of the head caught on tape... would you still be standing around going "dur hur how do we know the report showing a gunshot wound killed him was the right one?" Because that's the level of stupid you are right now.
More and more I believe I need to go buy a gun for myself and learn to use it.
You greatly underestimate the effect of cheating, gerrymandering, disenfranchisement, and more cheating. Trump will win with statistically impossible scenarios where voting doesn't match exit polling by wide margins and where servers are wiped and destroyed before they ca be analyzed. Republicans have been doing dry-runs planning for this for years now at the state level.
&gt; under the assumption that every civillian is armed and wants to kill them Their behavior is making that a self-fulfilling prophecy. Before this past week I was weary of cops, but didn't think they were all bad. Now I downright loathe cops and I would be happy to hear if one or more were killed or injured during these protests. And into the future I will never trust a cop or any news story that has an official statement from police; those statements are only ever lies to me from now on. I will presume brutality, violence, and lies first and foremost in every case. If I am ever a juror I will jury nullify the case, no matter how good the evidence appears or how horrible the criminal's alleged crimes, under the assumption the entire system is rigged. Fuck the police.
This is just a warm up/trial run for November.
His deployment of the military against unarmed peaceful civilians exercising their first amendment right is just a trial run for November.
Advocating violence. At this point the mods of politics would have you quietly and calmly accept authoritarian fascism than dare suggest violent revolution may be the only answer left.
Why is it I can only donate 2k to a candidate but Wendy's can donate hundreds of thousands? I guess some "speech" is more equal than others.
That was such a great moment!
Future knowledge... and a history book is technically a book... [I'll allow it](https://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/ill_allow_it_community.gif)
I don't think simple time-travel alone is enough to be included in the genre. But if it hits enough of the right notes, it could probably be OK in the list of "other notable series." So time travel to the 1700s... or a historian time traveling to their area of expertise... But something like InuYasha, for example, where the protagonist traveled to a fictional version of Japan's past probably wouldn't make the cut.
But this is /r/otomeisekai, not /r/isekai. Otome isekai is notably different than regular isekai because of the aspect of foreknowledge due to having played the game or read the book (and in some cases having actually lived the life once the first time around). Nearly all series that are proper otome isekai with foreknowledge are about lords and ladies in a fantasy world where the story is about relationships rather than action/adventure, with only a few rare exceptions. There are some very common tropes: contract marriages/relationships, magic schools, a promised saintess, European style nobility, collecting a harem, etc. And while a particular series may not have all of the tropes, it usually hits two or three. If there's no foreknowledge because of a game/book/previous life, A series needs to be similar enough to the genre to be put in the "other" category for /r/otomeisekai. The issue with InuYasha is that it fails to scratch any of the itches of the genre: - The focus is action/adventure rather than relationships and romance (which isn't to say there isn't relationships and romance - but if I asked "what is inu yash about" you'd say collecting the Shikon Jewel whereas "what is monster duchess about" a girl in a contract relationship to escape her bio-family). - There's no specific foreknowledge of events that Kagome will participate in. - It's not lords/ladies/nobility. - There are no contract marriages or contract relationships. - No saintess-es (though it does have priestesses) - No magic schools or other tropes common in the genre. This sub is unique from /r/isekai in that it focuses on a particular sub-genre "Otome" isekai. I am definitely open to argument to add any particular series to the wiki that someone thinks is relevant... but it has to be more than just shojou isekai.
To the person who reports the "next episode preview" as spam every week... please stop. I'll approve it every time. It is not spam. As far as I am aware when the show airs live on Saturday there is no "next time" segment at the end... so this is new content.
It's a weird trend with isekai light novels on both the shoujou and shounen side of things. With so many series out there to choose from, they have to grab people's attention with the title. And so titles slowly morphed into "one sentence descriptions of the book." I am not a fan. But I definitely understand why they do it.
And don't forget you need to keep your weekly records for job searches for like 4 or 5 years for potential audits. A friend's computer crashed a few years after her stint on unemployment and because she lost her logs, some 5 or 6 years later they made her pay everything back because she couldn't prove she looked for jobs half a decade ago. As Americans lose their homes, lose everything, and move around... how many are going to lose their records and have to pay everything back?
Exactly. Which Billionaire pre-approved tepid milquetoast corporate sh*ll would *you* like for president? Oh, neither? Well then. Voter apathy exists because they know the system is rigged. In 2020 we have our choice of dementia-addled rapist racist pre-approved by the billionaire class to perpetuate the oligarchy and kleptocracy. There are millions who see the game is rigged and just decide to opt out.
Nah... the world ended in 2012. Everything that came after has been pretty shit.
No one cares what you do in your own country... only when you attack others. It's why China gets away with literal genocide of millions of minority muslims, but we go to war with two unrelated countries for shits and giggles over some planes crashing into some buildings. It's why the rest of the world won't do anything to America for these protests... but they absolutely would if we were doing this to Canada or Mexico.
Not legitimately. Gerrymandering, voter suppression, hacking and cheating, and if we're real lucky literal fascist authoritarian election canceling will make sure he wins.
How did you marry a conservative? For me that would have been a deal breaker very early on in the relationship. Being a decent human being is right up there with sharing views on religion, finances, and having children. If you're a racist piece of shit or don't care about other people that's the same as wanting 10 kids when I want none. There is no compromise. E: for those complaining about my characterization of conservatives... Even if you find the few non-racists in the bunch, they still collectively, as a party, hold deplorable positions: - they are against healthcare for all, - they are against school funding, - they are against women's rights (including the equal rights amendment, protection from employer discrimination, and reproductive Rights), - they are against protecting the environment, - they are against social programs to help the poor and those experiencing temporary hardship, - they are against protections for employees, be it OSHA style regulations or benefits like maternity and paternity leave or to protect their very jobs from no-cause termination. - They are against protections for oft discriminated groups (LGBT and race) - they are against torts, believing people should not be able to sue companies for their actual damages - they oppose net neutrality. - they oppose religious freedom, wanting their preferred religion to get state sanctified special treatment. So sure, go find me the one small herd of unicorns, conservatives that aren't racist... I'll still see a group of deplorables all the same... And marrying one with even a few of those beliefs would be off the table: being a shitty person is a deal breaker for me.
I want justice. By their own belief hell is justice. So I'm wishing their own justice upon them ironically. Morally, hell is an abominable concept; good thing it's fake! I lament these people will never experience justice, no more no less.
If my husband came out tomorrow spouting the n word, attended kkk meetings and and became a hateful piece of excrement... Well first I'd take him to a doctor to rule out a brain tumor... But divorce absolutely would be on the table after that.
Paradox of tolerance: you cannot tolerate intolerance. If my list of bigotries and intolerance believed by conservatives bothers you, that speaks more about you than me.
Agreed.
But they still plan to vote for him!
If you believe black people, women, or other minorities do not deserve equal protection under the law, that is not a political belief; that is a moral failing. I've met many conservatives in my life, am related to quite a few, and none have been morally good people for that reason.
I hope the best for you. There are lots of resources out there to help women in that situation; I don't know them off hand, but other subs like twox or relationships might be able to assist you in finding resources.
FYI this series is being released by two scanlator groups at the same time. There was no drama and no sniping. According to Sawateam the korean version came out just yesterday and both groups ended up picking it up at the same time! Here I thought they had a backlog for a mass release; they seem to be scanlating at lightning speed!
Is he willing to risk a 6 figure fine to find out?
/u/Spez said that bigoted hateful racist offer very important and valuable discussions/contributions for this website... anyone have a link to that old comment? It was something like "valuable discussions" or "valuable contributions"? It was like 3 or 4 years ago. /u/Spez is a bigot and a racist. E* Apparently /u/Spez is [not such a racist after all](https://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/gxas21/upcoming_changes_to_our_content_policy_our_board/)...
&gt; Calling spez a racist is what makes people hate anti-racists. Oh yes because holding the belief that racists offer valuable contributions to discussion is so much better. If he believes that the position of racism is valuable in civilized adult discourse... then he's a racist. It is on par with giving holocaust deniers a platform to spread their particular sort of word-vomit. They aren't arguing in good faith. They aren't arguing because you can ever change their mind. They are arguing to serve as an advertisement to lure in other people who may be susceptible to influence, to be turned holocaust denier or racist. There is NO benefit to giving racists a platform to spread hatred. To be complicit in that makes spez no better than the racists he supports.
Only until the police union contests it and he gets back pay plus the incident stricken from his record.
1. Ask the Church to take down the tree. 2. Offer to have it removed on your own dime. 3. Contact your local code enforcement. They should have the power to demand the church take down the dead tree.
Yep. I wouldn't expect everything to be identical. And of course things would diverge more and more the more I attempted to influence things. But I would also expect major world events to stay the same... volcano eruptions, major earthquakes, pandemics. And I would doubt my own purchasing and selling of stock would have a huge impact on things, either. Apple will still probably rise from the ashes of near ruin. Amazon will still probably be a big company. Tesla Will probably still be a thing.
I mean... he's technically obeying the leash laws. He's on a leash.
Use your First Amendment Rights to express an opinion? Get punched in the face by the police. This is fascism. Fuck the police.
First Amendment guarantees you can call cops dirty pigs. This is the police infringing upon our first amendment right to the freedom of speech. This is fascism. How people can defend this is insanity.
In this video I count 3 or 4 bad cops. One cop who punches a guy for using his first amendment right to call him a dirty pig. Two or three others who do nothing when their brother in blue brutalizes a peaceful non-interfering bystander.
But the supreme court has made a lot of very bad decisions in the recent past (along party lines which shouldn't be a thing) when it comes to corporations with rulings that favor corporations. I believe that if they tried it, there is a greater than 0 chance it would succeed.
Wait a second... I haven't read slime manga in a long while... but that spoiler... does that mean the manga has reached an end?
ooooooh. Take your damned upvote.
Wait a second... since when did this world of horse carriages and cavalry have a subway train? I know they were going for a locomotive... but something a bit more... historically accurate? I suppose this was the best that the sketchup warehouse had available for them to use XD
&gt; Unless they actually are. Nope. **That's defeats the point of jury nullification.** You vote not-guilty even if they are guilty of breaking the law because the law itself and the application thereof is unjust. Let's say you think marijuana drug laws are unjust. If you are on a jury you use jury nullification against those laws by refusing to convict people who are, by the facts of the case, guilty of being in possession or using marijuana ... because it's an unjust law. You find them not-guilty IN SPITE OF the fact they are guilty by the letter of the law. That is your right to jury nullification.
Exactly, which is why in the op I pointed out it is the most power you, as an ordinary citizen, will ever have other than voting. That people want to get out of jury duty and complain about it has already struck me as a sad state of affairs in the us.
I imagine in a few days or weeks we're going to get a follow-up thread... When Op has to take his car out for some errand and the neighbor parks in the spot and refuses to move... And has to get towed. I'm seeing op tow the handicapped person and then the handicapped person towing Op in a vicious cycle of cars being towed again and again. Like I expect this to get worse before it gets better. That other person feels entitled to op's spot and entitled people don't give up easily
That isn't the point. You said you've never been so angry that murder felt like the right course of action and you shamed op, suggesting he should be a cop, for feeling that anger. No one said murder was ok. I said feeling that anger and having a fight response was normal and that you were wrong to act like op was a monster (suggesting he become a cop so he could brutalized people) for feeling that way.
I've seen enough legaladvice threads to know that tow companies don't always do what they're supposed to that HOAs don't always do what they're supposed to and that neighbors don't always do what they're supposed to... The law may say one thing but legaladvice wouldn't exist if people always followed the law.
You are being downvoted because you shamed someone for having a perfectly normal reaction. It is perfectly normal "to consider murder" in the heat of the moment in response to an event tragic enough. You are lucky that you have never had to confront someone attempting to murder or rape your wife or child (situations that normally cause murderous considerations). Most of us never act on the heat of the moment, our dark and intrusive thoughts, or our "calls of the void," but the truth remains that it is a normal reaction to have those thoughts and desires. So again, you are being downvoted because you shamed someone for a normal human reaction.
Seriously... it was all done in a single-take.
If 10 cops are bad, and 2000 cops stand by and do nothing... that's 2010 bad cops. There are no neutral apples at best. There are good cops and bad cops.
My father was a fire fighter. He was and is a bigoted racist piece of shit. He'd still put the fire out wherever he was called to go put a fire out. That's the difference with police and fire fighters; fire fighters don't really have an option to murder black people or not put the fire out at their house and lie about it. I mean, if they don't put the fire out... everyone kinda knows it. Their racism rarely can have an effect on how they handle their job. They've got 1 task: put the fire out. But they absolutely can be racist bigots.
Yeah... not legally backing them **because they are brutalizing peaceful protestors**. If they didn't beat people on camera, their unions would still support them.
Freedom of speech. Right to peaceably assemble. The fuck are those? Fuck this Mayor.
And Moscow Mitch in the senate will sit on it and it will never pass. VOTE. Voting matters. Get these bigots OUT of DC.
Usually in cases like this the offending governments are required to pay out a large sum of money, and often times educational and sensitivity training for officials is required.
Yeah... the union shouldn't protect officers who brutalize protesters. Maybe if they don't want to pay for their own legal representation against brutalization claims, they shouldn't shove 75 year old men who were trying to return a helmet peacefully? Don't try to defend these pigs. They don't deserve someone trying to justify their bigoted actions.
Sad but true. It is disappointing that our culture won't change things until it affects white people... but at the same time, I want that change and if it's finally going to happen now, I won't turn it down.
While reddit loves to claim everyone is a bot, a Russian or Chinese operative, etc., I am far more inclined to believe that there are just a LOT of shitty human beings out there. I mean, I've been called a Russian propoganda bot for suggesting Joe Biden was a shitty candidate back during the primaries, and I assure you I'm an American and a real person. Some people just can't accept that there really are perfectly sane, sometimes rational, people out there that can sincerely disagree with them. These protests are bringing out the bigotry and racism in a lot of very real, very misguided people, sadly.
You are right. But I am angry. If I were being rational about it I would agree with you that if they're paying the dues they should get the representation. And I have no rational or sound argument to argue otherwise, so I won't. But I'm still going to feel smug that the union turned on them.
And see, that's the difference between democrats and republicans. When one of our own does something shitty we call them out on it and expect them to change to be not shitty. Republicans just fall in line and support blindly no matter what their politicians do. Here Nazz4232 posts that like he thinks he's got a gotcha moment. His republican mentality is clear (and he has a history on T_D, so he's definitely not a democrat).
Freedom of speech means that you can say whatever the fuck you want **and that the government can't punish you for it.** AKA, the cops can't arrest you or punch you in the face because you call them cock sucking pig fuckers. They also can't arrest you for saying something homophobic or hateful, either. But your employer is not subject to those same restrictions. And the people are not subject to those same restrictions. So if I go out and say something homophobic, I can get fired. If I say cops are pig fuckers, I can get fired. But the police can't arrest me. Right now we are seeing officers of the government infringe upon the first amendment. **That is the difference.** &gt; bullshit, there are so many caring police officers Until the good "caring police officers" turn on the bad, they're all bad.
This isn't funny... it's depressing :(
I really want to believe so! It makes the meme so much more clever if they did.
I don't know if he's officially a yandere (I've only read what's in the manga)... but I could DEFINITELY see Ursch going that way.
I think because yanderes tend to be more... violent? Like... not just "I'll never let you go! even if you tire of me and try to leave me," because other male leads have expressed an overwhelming even obsessive commitment to the Female leads... But like if Ursch was all, "if you try to leave me I'll kill you and taxidermy your corpse so we can have tea parties forever!" That's more a yandere. I think Ursch is toeing the line. He hasn't quite made it clear he's violently obsessed with her, but he is clearly obsessed with her.
TIL!
That's a cosmic sort of irony... yanderes, the violently obsessed, have fans who get... violently obsessed. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Some old obsolete temperature format that no one uses.
I don't think I've ever seen this series. I'll have to check it out and see if it is as bad as you say.
&gt; It goes both ways. Trump's support is dropping fast, and that will continue. And if not... at least one day we will outlast them if only because they're old.
So basically a platform ignorance and evil, same as always.
That's probably how most of reddit saw the comments considering the triple digit negative number for karma on each of them.
I've heard of mass defunding, and using that funding for things like social services, rehabilitation services and mental health services. Police shouldn't be called out for reports of a crazy person. Police shouldn't be called out for drugs. That's a public health issue. I've heard of removing a lot of what police do from them, and giving it to organizations that are actually equipped to handle those things instead of the one-size-fits-all "lock them in a cage" solution the police offer. I have not heard of anyone seriously suggesting the complete abolition of the police.
That's how you end up with a shit hole state like Alabama, Mississippi, or Kentucky
The only thing that makes me doubt this is that he's actually a devout Mormon. It's the reason he voted against Trump during the impeachment; because he swore an oath *to God* and that meant something to him. I mean, he probably setting up to run for president again. And there's probably a lot of it just politics and playing pretend. But there's also a chance some small part is sincere.
Threads must have non-vague and meaningful titles. "This Manhwa is simp-worthy" is not a good title. If you want to discuss a particular series, it needs to be more than a thread title and a picture. For example [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/OtomeIsekai/comments/gybsnd/discussion_akuyaku_reijou_ni_narimashita_i_became/) is a good discussion thread. And so was [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/OtomeIsekai/comments/gy3xqd/jake_the_brother_is_the_least_worst_ml_of_beware/).
This is going to be deleted so fast. The sort of person who believes the us military are liberators are the same people cheering them on right now, applauding fascism. They make up about 45% of the voting population, you know the ones. The Americans who hate war are the same ones protesting right now. They wouldn't have been the ones calling the US army "liberators" ten-twenty years ago, but they would have been the anti-war protesters. So in a way they are being greeted as liberators by the same mouthbreathers who historically have claimed they are. The sane people in the us have never considered them liberators.
I mean he was a drill sergeant in the armed forces. He was probably buff, not like that though, at some point in his life.
What are you having trouble with?
Apparently there was a missing page in Chapter 1.3. Also technically this might be a new series as I don't recall it and it has just 1 chapter.
Nothing beats the ied explosive that injured multiple officers that was thrown by protesters according to the Seattle police. It was a pillar candle with the "candle" label still on it and visible in their tweet.
what economic recovery? Millions of people are still out of a job. Just because the casino called the stock market is up doesn't mean shit. The stock market doesn't reflect reality.
The same Joe Biden who said he would not get behind defunding police? Fucking politicians. What does he actually want to change? Not just honeyed words. I want to hear some concrete tangible plans.
For the same reasons no one stops China from committing literal genocide. $$$
&gt; **Alaska:** Each star on the flag represents one of Alaska's 8 citizens. That is some serious shade.
Remember that game where you join a band of eco-terrorist to take on the evil conglomerate that's killing the planet? And you find out that you are a clone or some weird shit like that? And best girl isn't the one that the hero actually likes. The one that he really likes ends up dead. but he only likes her because of that weird clone bulshit? And you have some red talking dog on your team... And Mr T's on your team... And there's that spooky vampire from the basement who might be the antagonist's dad but we're not really sure? And you make a bunch of birds inbreed for multiple generations in order to get the ultimate bird?Remember that one? Well my favorites the one that came out before that. With the insane clown.
I really wanted to do the monkey mountain... But there just wasn't enough time in our day. It sucks because it's right near this bamboo forest if I remember correctly.
in the coming months you might find yourself summoned to jury duty... At that time I ask you to remember your right to **jury nullification**. Jury nullification is your right to decide that the law itself is wrong and find a defendant not guilty. Even if they were guilty of the crime as the law is written, because the law is immoral and wrong, or because the law was unjustly applied in this case, you can choose to acquit. So if you find yourself on a jury for one of these protesters not so lucky to have their charges dismissed. Remember that the system is corrupted from the top to the bottom and that no person can truly have a fair trial because of it. There is always a reasonable doubt. And vote by your conscience - not guilty.
Agreed. "Resisting arrest" should never be a stand-alone charge.
See... I had a theory that Athy had forgotten she was still in a novel because she hadn't mentioned the fact she was in a novel since before Claude lost his memories. And I theorized that's why she had been acting so much like a regular 12 year old instead of the 40 something she should be mentally. I suppose that's out the window now!
I feel like Shelmeo agreed way too quickly to help. I wonder if he's planning to cash in on all of these favors at some point?
Thank goodness.
If that's the case... I wonder if he suspect something about her being isekai'd. I mean her innovation of iron ships just brought that world a few hundred years into the future technologically speaking.
Which is why you do not mention it.
Do you have a higher resolution version of this?
I am a plant enthusiast. I will quickly admit I have a problem. I have about 40 potted plants on my rather large deck (coral bells, hostas, coleus, clover, vegetables, snap dragons, lilies, columbine, etc), of which there are 5 potted dwarf Japanese maples of which 2 definitely look like they could be pot if you didn't know better... and another dozen or so indoor plants inside my house. I also like to use plant growth hormones to fuck around with some of my plants and vegetable garden (gibberelic acid for speedy growth, BAP6 for branching and flowers, folic acid for better nutrient uptake). And having indoor plants I also suffer from spidermites on occasion so I have neem oil. I also have a citrus tree grown indoors in a large bucket (too far north to keep it outdoors) with a grow light above it sitting prominently in my front window (hoping cops would realize no one is that stupid to grow pot in their front window). All of these things together are pretty much the "pot grower's starter kit." Every once in a while I am worried the police will knock on my door about the "marijuana" I'm growing on my deck. I just hope that being a white lady with a house full of plants, a front garden full of plants, and a patio that looks like a forest, who enthusiastically names off every single one of them and excitedly explains the differences between the different varieties is enough to convince them not to confiscate my precious maples to verify they really aren't pot. But I still worry about having to go through that all the same.
I am sorry you are being downvoted. This is an honest mistake if you aren't already familiar with the East Asian cultures. Most of the vertical format series in full color that you refer to are Korean. Most of the black and white with normal page layouts are Japanese. There are a few Chinese series out there, but not many. Someone else pointed out elsewhere that you can tell the difference when looking at the original text (usually on the cover image). Korean has a lot of circles in the text. Chinese looks like Japanese if all you had were Kanji and no hiragana or katakana. Also I agree with you - I enjoy the korean long-form web-comic style series. I feel like Japanese manga can get too cluttered with far too many text boxes squished together and that the Korean format allows the artists to have some beautiful scenery, beautiful full body shots and not have it all half covered or obscured by text boxes.
You know, you would think... But without going through the wiki and literally counting... the genre seems to be at the very least evenly split, though I think the Korean Manwha may actually outnumber the Japanese manga in the genre. That may be selection bias, though. Perhaps scanlators choose Korean Series more often because they like them better and therefore we aren't getting as many Japanese series to read?
I mean... there's no way Chauvin wasn't aware he was in the act of murdering Floyd. Floyd said he couldn't breathe, he became unresponsive, everyone around him was shouting about it, and the one officer even said he had no pulse (after which he continued to kneel on his neck). It's like... how can you be in a perfectly calm situation and for 9 fucking minutes murder someone... and not be fully aware that's what you were doing? The answer is, you can't. He knew what he was doing and it was an intentional murder.
He was also against doing any of the sensible things other countries are doing to help their citizens, like temporary UBI. There's a reason other countries had shutdowns just as stringent as our own but whose economic downturns have been nothing in comparison to our own.
I certainly hope so. If there's a miscarriage of justice that severe, I hope the people would be out again in even greater force.
Me, personally, I've been reading pretty much everything (though I am behind on reading some of the newer series), because I gotta stay on my A-game for recommending things! But in particular I've been really enjoying **[The Twin Sibling's New Life](https://mangadex.org/title/49527/the-twin-siblings-new-life)**. It's a new series that came out maybe a week or two ago (with covid quarantine days have felt like weeks). It's about twins who died simultaneously and were reborn as twins again with all their prior life's memories. They are the bastard children to the emperor with a commoner who used their lives as bargaining chips to lead a lavish life. After she dies the absent father-emperor brings them to the royal palace. It reminds me a bit of *Who Made Me A Princess* because the emperor is supposed to be this very cold, quick to execute people, hateful man. And the children have reason to be afraid; they are physical scarred from abuse and these flaws mean if discovered the emperor would find them worthless and execute them. It so far focuses on them as young children, but like *Who Made Me a Princess* it is not doing the whole "OMG SO CUTE WE CAN'T HELP BUT LOOOOOOOOVE THE PROTAGONIST!!" route so familiar in series like *Lady Baby* or *The Youngest Princess* or *Monster Duchess.* Given the WMMAP-feel to it, I'm really excited to see where it goes! It is one of the higher potential new series. ---- And for those who like Japanese series, I've also been reading **[The Redemption of the Blue Rose Princess](https://mangadex.org/title/48242/the-redemption-of-the-blue-rose-princess)**. It only has two chapters, but the story so far looks promising. Our heroine is the crown princess who falls in love with a man and marries him. He doesn't love her and has affairs. Her country falls to ruin because she doesn't care about ruling, only frivolous things. As the country is being overthrown by an intelligent and commanding rebel leader, she winds up getting killed. She wakes a young woman and decides she will try to rule the country better this time, only to meet the same rebel leader as a young man - a commoner-knight with incredible promise who cares deeply about the people. To the nobles' chagrin she makes him her personal knight and is determined to save her kingdom.
This series is back after a LONG 6-month haitus and a new scanlation group to pick it up. You may want to go back to the beginning and read it from Chapter 1 if you don't remember it from before! https://mangadex.org/title/42756/maou-no-migiude-ni-nattanode-gensaku-kaiaku-shimasu
And what's their excuse for going to the courthouse to literally cheer for him, then?
&gt; I can't actually remember most of the names of the characters I am definitely in that boat. I read pretty much *every* series except three our four that just don't interest me. There's only like 10 or so with characters engaging enough I remember their names.
Somehow republicans never seem to have an issue getting the most deplorable racist backwards imbeciles to the forefront of their party to win elections. They have literal pedophile rapists who use the N word liberally putting forward horrific legislation with the singular intent of hurting people who aren't them and successfully getting it to pass. And shockingly I never hear republicans lamenting they have to choose the lesser of two evils; they are enthusiastic about their racist hateful deplorable candidates precisely because they are racist hateful deplorables. I think it is absurd to suggest it is naive and indicative of poor political education when one laments that progressives can't do the same (get more extreme progressives) for the democrat party. **The real problem is that in the USA there's a 2-party system because of first-past-the-post elections** and NOT that progressives are just poorly educated on politics. Right now the US has an extremely-far-right party and a right-of-center party (by world standards) and so for actual progressives *there actually is no candidate that represents their views*. Those on the far right get to vote for candidates that best represent their views, while those on the far left have no such candidate or party. Feeling that you have to pick between the lesser of two evils is natural in a situation where you are extremely progressive and only have the option of conservative or fascist.
It still means "not allowed." They had some masks. They chose who got to wear them and who did not. The masks were reserved for higher risk procedures. It was still the hospital that said she was not permitted to take their masks and use them. It is amazing to see how our military and police are drowning in supplies they do not need or want, yet our hospitals don't have even basic supplies. There is something very wrong with our society that this is the case.
Is this the first head of state to die of coronavirus?
Exactly... I fully expect there to be an auto dialing phone message going around to everyone saying the election is on Wednesday instead of Tuesday... I expect polling places to be closed... with lines that take hours to get through and people being forced to leave even though they're allowed to stay in line.... I expect voting machines to malfunction... And I expect that exit polling will not match actual results in a statistically significant way and that when challenged all of the voting machine data will mysteriously be destroyed. Anything other than an overwhelming landslide victory and the GOP will find a way to steal the election.
That's still better than McConnell.
"a few bad apples" though! Fuck them. We are better off without them.
OH man... I really like the prologue for this one! The choice of font is pretty, but terribly hard to read. I may have to read ahead in the novel. I love me some good angst and this looks like it's going to have some good angst.
What color were Crow's eyes? Do you remember?
&gt; a lifelong Presbyterian. A lifelong Presbyterian that doesn't even know which way is up on a bible. The last time that man stepped into a church to sincerely pray was probably decades ago. The "supermajority of Christian voters" that support him are goddamned idiots. There is nothing Christian about him. &gt; I think Joe Biden is decent person. And I do not. But I'll take him over Trump any day.
Actually Tearmoon Empire is a different series. In tearmoon the heroine is a really... well... immature girl. And she has a journal that updates the future with each change she makes. It's also a lot more silly/not serious. The Blue Rose series is a lot more serious. But it definitely has the same sort of premise as Tearmoon.
I feel you on that. In America we get the choice of "literal fascist right wing extreme" or "right of center." There is no progressive choice for president, which leaves people like you and me left feeling like we have to choose the lesser of two evils, between two equally unappetizing piles of excrement.
Agreed! My only complaint is that we didn't really see much of her first life, so we don't really know the challenges she needs to overcome. Sometimes in series like this it feels a bit... cheap... that as a problem arises we only then get the flashback to show how it was the first time around. I'm guessing that the black knight who wins the hunting competition is going to be our male lead, though. I bet it's a prince in disguise or something!
Under normal circumstances? Yes. During a goddamned pandemic with highly contagious and lethal virus? Fuck no.
I know! This might be the first female protagonist in this genre with green hair. Usually it's blonde, or silver or black.
Oof... I am so disappointed it took the turn it did this chapter. I wanted them to get together. And it seems though they both like each other they are both too stubborn to just let it happen. Ugh.
It's really adorable that you seem to think cops face any consequences. These officers will lose nothing. The worst case scenario they will get unpaid administrative leave and then they'll get all of it in back pay and an apology for the inconvenience after the union is done. maybe... Maybe the worst thing that happens is that they find a job in the next precinct over and this poor pastor gets harassed daily by police officers for the next few weeks or months.
For a so-called professional analyst he somehow managed to completely miss the GOP's modus operandi for the past 60 years? like how does a professional political analyst miss that the party of bigots and racist is bigoted and racist his entire life and political career? I question this guys qualifications to be a political analyst at this point.
seriously... How do you become a professional political analyst and not realize that the party of racists and bigots has been the party of racist and bigots for hundreds of years?
It's not just more than 10 times his claim... It's literally 100 times his claim. E* not sure what the downvote is for... 2% vs 0.02% is literally a 100x difference.
Who knew viruses would be so complicated!?
In fear of this post sounding too political and getting deleted... This is exactly how the people in charge of Texas want government to work. And if you look at the other states that are doing similarly stupid things you'll find a single common thread between them all... The people in charge. As for what those people in charge all have in common... Well that's too political for this subreddit but you're all smart people and you can figure it out.
I was thinking of a word that started with R and ended with epublican.
That doesn't change the fact that Lindsey Graham is saying he liked Joe Biden a few years ago. It tells me that Biden is not nearly as left or liberal or progressive as I would hope if Republicans were all gung-ho for him a few years back. It makes me concerned that any swing left he's taken in recent history is just lip service to win votes. And then when I look at his voting record I see that concern confirmed. Biden is better than Trump, but as a progressive the choice between a far right fascist or a right of center "centrist" is a shitty choice no matter how you try to sugar coat it. Neither represents my views. The fact Biden is "closer" to my preferred platforms is not reassuring when he is still opposed to those platforms all the same. A "no" is still a "no" whether it is Trump or Biden opposing progressive change in this country. To matter who wins in November both will set back progressive change by decades.
I love the Latina line! And I agree. It is absurd high schoolers can't cook a meal, chance a tire, or sew a button. I'd add to that some practical math. Who cares if you can memorize the quadratic equation if you don't understand how a credit card works, it how to balance a budget or pay taxes? And yes, parents are supposed to teach this stuff. The reality is that they don't.
Agreed. Until I can see his history of excessive force complaints, the consequences he got for those complaints, what actions he has taken during the protest (has he fired any teargas? Shoved any members of the press? Shot at any protesters?) and learn his total body count of deaths over his career... I reserve judgement on whether or not I feel badly for him.
Yes, correct. Because civil rights are worth it. Not really sure what you're missing.
&gt; Saturn worship conspiracy Googling this turns up nothing about a conspiracy theory... except for a few pinterest images that go nowhere. What is the Saturn Worship Conspiracy?
I don't know. I haven't read the novel.
That was the most surprising part, for me.
You also aren't allowed to fire a weapon at a fleeing criminal. The police should be held to at least the same standard as a regular person. There is no excuse for shooting someone in the back.
It's hard to overstate my satisfaction.
Only if I also stopped aging when time is paused. If I was getting an extra 4 or 5 hours of aging in every day while catching up on sleep, I'd end up only living to 70 while looking and being 90. That would be a bit lame.
I wonder if that male lead is the emperor? It would be weird for her to be a concubine that never once met the emperor to do her concubine duties.
They might've been for a charity to be donated.
I think they are going to have to force scripted parties... otherwise the possibility for character interactions and dialogue would be insanely large. If you have 9 different characters and assuming cloud must always be in your party but the other 2 spots are fair game for the remaining 8, then you have some 50+ different combinations (too lazy to do the statistical math to get the exact number). There's no way they're going to do unique character motion captures and dialogue to account for every possible combination of characters you could have at any given moment. I'm wondering if, with the game allowing &gt;!plot changes thanks to killing fate!&lt; if we'll find the party intentionally split taking two different routes that you switch back and forth between the parties?
FFS you're right! I forgot that Cloud-Aeris-Tifa would be the same as Cloud-Tifa-Aeris. Still, even 28 is way too many cut-scenes to record just to let you pick your party as you please. And if they let you exchange Cloud it would be nearly 8 times more than that! They're definitely going to script parties to some significant extent. The visual representation of the math for anyone in doubt: A = Aeris, T=Tifa, B=Barrent, C=Cid, Cs = Cait Sith, V = Vincent, Y = Yuffie, R = Red, Cl= Cloud - Cl- AT, AB, AC, ACs, AV, AR, AY - Cl- TB, TC, TCs, TV, TR, TY - Cl- BC, BCs, BV, BR, BY - Cl- CCs, CV, CR, CY - Cl- CsV, CsR, CsY - Cl - VR, VY - Cl - RY
And to think, even if they were to go into FULL LOCKDOWN right now, they'd still have a 1 to 2 week lag where cases would continue to grow. By the time Arizona shuts things down again, it will be way too late. Hospitals will be forced to ration care, choosing who lives and who dies.
SHIT. Noah is RUTHLESS. Immediately orders for Beatrice to be murdered. Dayum.
I love the two faces of the noble ladies fighting at the end! It's great!
Don't knock it. The Maryland flag is the best flag.
&gt;Ferdia, a girl from the orphanage, is a working woman with 29 jobs. One day she was asked to marry the prince of the enemy country Erland, Poison Dragon Prince Crow, Clovis Kurwach Erland?! In addition, the mission given to Ferdia is “peaceful”divorce with Crow...!? Not exactly a reincarnation or otome... but it fits in the "other" genre!
Same as always, any trouble with the chapter link and you can access the table of contents here: https://www.wattpad.com/story/227390631-death-is-the-only-ending-for-the-villainess-re I'm going to try to get a chapter out every day this weekend (so another tomorrow and Sunday).
And you don't see something deeply wrong with our country that our right to peaceably assemble now comes with an inherent risk and assumption of police brutality?
Boomermir
This is how I know I'm getting old and no longer "with it" because what's "it" has changed... I have no clue who she is or why I should care.
case and point the reopen idiots who stormed government buildings with assault weapons. They were handled with Kid gloves. Not a single one was tear gassed or beaten or lost an eye. There was no violence at all as the police had the utmost restraint during those protests.
Suddenly the right-wing will have opinions about gun control.
This is to be expected. Right now the US federal government is run by a group of people who believe in the political practice called "starve the beast." The failure of the federal government to fulfill its duty to the states is a feature not a bug. If people want a federal government that actually serves the people effectively then they need to vote accordingly.
I am not looking forward to this fall.
If you thought you already read this chapter, you are probably right! this is the official serialization (art has been refined). You were probably reading the original which looked more like pencil sketches! Also you might remember this chapter because at the end the Kanji for "Suspension" (as in to pause) is drawn incorrectly, iirc he combined two kanji into one in a way you normally wouldn't. A lot of people missed that on the original release of this chapter and didn't understand it thinking "suspension" was accidentally mispelled (I actually had to get my husband to explain it to me since he can read kanji). So FYI, at the end that's why they misspelled "suspension" it was intentional because the kanji was also mis-drawn because of the rush to stop the golem.
I love it! The younger sister is falling for the other female lead!! The ML is just so dense. He'll figure it out soon, though.
These chapters are so short!
&gt; She tries to make money out of being obnoxious and universally insulting Ugh... one of those.
https://www.reddit.com//r/OtomeIsekai/wiki/series The wiki has a list of every series I know about except for the few threads marked as [New Series] in the past week or so.
His current situation would only make people sad.
First you need to download the discord program. Then you go to this webpage: https://discord.gg/AtJnM8 and it will prompt you to join the channel. Accept. It will automatically open up discord and put you in their channel. That link only works for 24 hours and it's about 7 hours old right now. So if you don't see this message until much later, you want to PM /u/Lyrafiel for a new invite.
So much for the 50 years they were promised. The UK should never have given Hong Kong back. Those poor people. I hope those who want to get out can leave.
Exactly. Just because politics will lead someone to claim something unreasonable is reasonable doesn't actually make it reasonable. Like you explained: A reasonable person will expect a blocked airway to eventually lead to death. Just because a Trump supporter who enjoys the taste of pig dick says "I think the cops were being reasonable" doesn't make it so. They are being disingenuous; they are arguing in bad faith. They know very well that a blocked airway leads to death and a reasonable person would know it is wrong, but their personal biases make them say otherwise because it would force them to face an unpleasant cognitive dissonance: that the police did something wrong and that their own unthinking, unquestioning blanket support for police action means they, too, are also doing something wrong. The fact they are bad-faith actors means they aren't able to be a basis for what is "reasonable."
There's a subset of people who are racist, who believe vaccines cause autism, that the earth is flat, that masks and 5g networks spread covid19, who believe the liberal left are out to ruin their lives and other silly nonsense. They also believe that colleges, rather than institutes for higher learning, are actually indoctrination centers. It's easier to believe colleges are part of a left-wing conspiracy (along with everything else) than accept that legitimately intelligent people (aka those who attend college) tend to skew left (as science and reality have a liberal bias) and that smart people believe in things like the efficacy of vaccines or that the earth is actually round. Nah, colleges, like big pharma, like NASA against the flat earthers, are just another part of the conspiracy.
&gt; Extremely romantically dense characters or if author drags it out TOO much So much this. Doctor Elise is really bad for this. You get like 100 chapters in, the male lead has pretty much point blank told Elise "I like you," and she's still all "why would he kiss my hair and say he'll miss me like that? I wonder if he's sick?" YEAH HE'S SICK... LOVE SICK. And I get it, in her first life the prince hated her (because she was a horrible person). But like... come the fuck on lady! The "will they or won't they" shouldn't have ever lasted over 100 chapters!
I like them when they feel regret and have to earn forgiveness. I love that sort of angst.
I've been seeing it all over the place lately! I saw a great one for Legend of Avatar where Katara was like "this is my boyfriend [ANG] and his 10 ton flying bison"
From how I understand it... most hospitals in a region will direct urgent care to less full hospitals. So if a rural hospital is full and an ICU bed is needed the person in question will be transferred/sent to a different hospital in the region. The problem is that this means hospital beds will still technically be "available" in that region right up until the day suddenly every hospital is all full at once. It will affect both rural and urban centers alike. It's not going to be pretty when that happens.
In other good news, I finally got the blessing of CatLovesTowels on wattpad to actually do this project! So that's a relief!
Due to the questionable legality of scanlations, a few scanlator groups keep their series locked away behind passwords. This is one such series. You will want to join the Sawateam discord server to gain access. You need to download Discord (a chat program). Once you have it downloaded you go to this webpage: https://discord.gg/AtJnM8 and it will prompt you to join the channel. Accept. It will automatically open up discord and put you in their channel. That link only works for 24 hours and it's about 17 hours old right now. So if you don't see this message until much later, you want to PM /u/Lyrafiel for a new invitation. Once you are in the chat you will want to read the rules section. You may have to do a particular action (like type a sentence) to gain access to the main chat channels. You will want to look for the "published updates" section and scroll through the chat to find the chapter you need the password to. If you are having a really hard time with it, again, speak with Lyrafiel because she's one of the people who runs the sawateam discord.
**The Flower that was Bloomed by a Cloud** (not quite proper otome isekai material) has that sort of relationship. The princess works and connives her way up to being queen and has her most sincere relationship with her bodyguard. **Glass Wall** (also in the "other" category for the genre) is about a noblewoman who falls for her brilliant-but-a-commoner tutor (who also hates all nobles). **To Be or Not to Be** is yaoi. The emperor falls for the male lead who is also a prince but who is also a prisoner of war and essentially the emperor's slave (who then moves up to being a body guard). **Miss Not-So Sidekick** is more of an equal relationship. Lotte is a noble lady. The male lead that ends up liking her is the master of the mage tower. In terms of power he is more powerful. But in terms of status, she is a higher rank being a noble (while he was of commoner birth). **Remarried Empress** the empress is mistreated by the emperor and falls for the prince of a neighboring kingdom. Technically as empress she is of a higher status. **Villainous Princess** the FL decides to leave the book's male lead (since it would lead to her death) and instead prefers a lower-class noble to wed. The ML is a bit crazy and only likes women who aren't interested in him so there's still a lot of titles being thrown around, but the FL has eyes for a lower class noble. **The Great Wish** is about a family of demi-god royalty and the princess seems like she's going to have a relationship for a normal man (a noble, most likely, but not sure who he is yet). **The redemption of the blue rose princess** a princess marries a man who sucks and her kingdom falls to ruin. She wakes a young woman and the runs into the younger version of the man who led the coup. She takes him on as a bodyguard to save her kingdom. He's a commoner with exceptional skill to become a knight. **To Be You, Even for Just a day** does involve nobility and princes and stuff... but it is anything but a "woman marrying up" story. It's very good. **The reincarnated princess strikes down flags again today as well** has a princess MC who loves the commander of the guard. She likes all the side characters in the otome game and none of the male leads. **The Villainess Reverses the Hourglass** is just a different type of story. The FL is the reborn daughter of a mistress/prostitute, but she basically has a count of monte cristo story of revenge against all the nobles.
&gt; Then why don't they themselves go study and figure out how to make safe vaccines???!?! They have. They watched a few youtube vidoes and concluded that essential oils and crystals are all you need to fight of measles, mumps, polio, etc. So vaccines need no further study. The panacea has been found in quartz and St. John's Wart. In reality those things have no effect... but it would take their own children in coffins (and sometimes not even then) for them to learn they've been had
I'm Saeki Emi, 28 years old. After I died from overworking, I was reincarnated and opened my eyes in the body of a 15-year-old queen. I have a husband (His Majesty, the King) but... He's only 17 years old! After I reincarnated, I thought I'd be pampered and live a life of luxury. But his Majesty said, "A reincarnator's life is likely to be targeted." (As you can see, my identity was discovered.) The original personality of her reincarnated body, Emilia, also appears as a ghost. Somehow, my second life is difficult and full of drama? I was released from being a corporate slave. This time, I thought I could live a relaxed and peaceful life...! This is a bit different from the usual reincarnation event. It's a healing royal palace romantic comedy!
True fact.
I imagine that's when they get divorced.
(╯ᐛ )╯︵ ┻━┻
I have him tagged as a covid denier. So he's a regular in these parts for not believing the threat is real.
You could play as Princess ~~Peach~~ ~~Toadstool~~ Peach in Mario 2.
The system is able to do this. The problem is that we have different countries with different jurisdictions. You have a spamming call center in India that spoofs American numbers and spoofs being on the American system. America can't do shit about it.
Seriously! I would just drift over half of most levels after a really high platform jump. It was sweet.
There's a series called something like "The Male lead chose my sister" or something similar. The MC keeps reincarnating to the same life over and over again waking at the tea party where her fiance, the future duke, meets her younger sister, after which he falls for the sister. It's quite depressing but it's really good and it is this exact concept. There's a Manga with like 1 or 2 chapters and the Light Novel is out there and up to like 50 translated chapters
A few months back I did some very simple napkin math: 330M Americans, 75% infection for herd immunity, 0.5%-2% death rate = 1 to 5 million dead Americans by the time it runs its course. Now, of course we might get a vaccine early on. We might do really well with social distancing and masks. Then again we might not. And stating the above got me called the D word that rhymes with rumor (can't say it or else automod removes your post. And hundreds of downvotes.
Seriously... did you see Promare? From 0 to aliens in 1 hour. That movie was a RIDE! I loved every minute of it.
Rin was in the running for bestgirl this year... I think she was in Bracket A or B. Just sayin'.
&gt; They might not be miscatogized because covid was known to cause damage to the lungs it might have been a key factor but not the killer. The thing is... if you have cancer, and you die because the cancer causes your liver to shut down... your death isn't "liver failure" it's "cancer." Or if you have a car accident that severs your head from your body, you didn't die from "decapitation," you died from a car accident. Your death is recorded as such and your death counts for car accident or cancer statistics. If not, then there would literally be NO deaths on record from cancer or car accidents as neither is the direct killer of people. If COVID is causing pneumonia and people die from that pneumonia, then they are dying from COVID and classifying them as Not Covid is absolutely deceptive, misleading, and not according to standards.
FYI, the guy you are arguing with is a r /conspiracy user. Just keep that in mind reading the crazy shit he's saying.
Depending on how soon we get a vaccine, and how many people refuse to take the vaccine, I fear 500,000 might be an optimistic number.
It sure is a good thing that "the people don't want a revolution!" We'll get exactly what we deserve.
Honestly... At this point I don't care if they kill their own families. It's the impact on strangers that I care about.
What happens in season 2 that would make it objectionable? I've never read the manga.
Well it's being called out left anyway, not so sure about the right.
Same here. Because if things go like the original timeline the half brother, Matt I think, will end up dead.
Personally, I like the Korean style. I love that they are full color. I feel like they are easier to read than Japanese series. I find a lot of Japanese series have a problem of "here's a textbox to tell you all of this environmental stuff" while Korean Manwha say less and show more. And while a lot of people hate the trope of the douchebag male lead... I really enjoy the level of drama that comes with that sort of story. In contrast, I dislike the over abundance of "villainess starts a cafe" series that are popular in Japan, which cuts down a LOT on the number of Japanese Otome series I'd even want to read to begin with.
Yeah there's Vietnamese and Thai comics out there... but I think there's like 1 or 2 of each in this particular genre so it's hard to judge the field as a whole with such a small sample size so I left them out.
I recommend checking out the [list of series](https://www.reddit.com/r/OtomeIsekai/wiki/series) on the wiki. A LOT of series have female leads who aren't oblivious to the fact the male lead likes them.
[The list of series on the wiki is a good place to start](https://www.reddit.com/r/OtomeIsekai/wiki/series). Here are a few with strong antagonists or non-trivial conflicts: - Abandoned Empress (takes a LONG time for the villain to show up) - Death is the Only Ending for the Villainess (there's no villainess, but the struggles the heroine overcomes are real) - I'm an opportunistic princess in charge of solving things (no villainess, but the prince/brother is setting up to be a real challenger) - I'm a villainous daughter, so I'm going to keep the last boss - A Stepmother's Marchen (no single antagonist, but the nobles are a legit threat to her) - Seduce the Villain's Father (not enough chapters to judge but the lead antagonists has already made an attempt on the female lead's life) - The Reason Why Raeliana Ended up at the Duke's Mansion (takes a LONG time for the villain to really appear but she is a legit threat). - Adelaide - Empress of Another World - Ingrid the White Deer (no female antagonist but legitimate conflict) - Light and Shadow (no female antagonist, but legitimate conflict) - Monster Duchess and the contract princess. - The Holy Grail of Eris - To be you, even just for a day -
Did you ever watch Full Metal Alchemist. Al, the younger brother, is named Alphonse and they said it a few times in that series. It would be Al-fonz or Al-fonss depending on how hard you want to pronounce the S/Z sound.
I actually didn't know about this series! I'll have to add it to the wiki!
Death rates are down in many states. Here's some clues as to why that may be. * Indiana: 1,832 COVID-19 deaths; 2,149 pneumonia deaths (five-year average: 384) * Illinois: 4,856 COVID-19 deaths; 3,986 pneumonia deaths (five-year average: 782) * Tennessee: 336 COVID-19 deaths; 1,704 pneumonia deaths (five-year average: 611) * Ohio: 1,969 COVID-19 deaths; 2,327 pneumonia deaths (five-year average: 820) * Virginia: 1,208 COVID-19 deaths; 1,394 pneumonia deaths (five-year average: 451) * West Virginia: 72 COVID-19 deaths; 438 pneumonia deaths (five-year average: 117) Data was sourced from [here](https://wonder.cdc.gov/controller/datarequest/D76) &amp; [here](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/index.htm). "Death rate is dropping" my ass. If people die of pneumonia before they can get tested for COVID they are counted as pneumonia deaths. Shockingly we have 5 and 6 times more pneumonia deaths than the 5 year average in states with shitty testing rates. I wonder what on Earth could possibly explain this!?!
[HAHA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdOPBP9vuZA)
https://imgur.com/WVEMj7X This is literally what I see. There's no scrolling. There's no little bubble.
Another one?
The research that created this drug was publicly funded. It costs $10 to manufacture this drug. This is extortion and gouging. This drug *belongs to the people* we already paid for it.
Well I mean... technically he did get a last meal. He just didn't know that was it at the time. Technically we all get our last meal and most of us won't know it was it... sort of like how there comes a day when your mom picked you up the last time, or you played outside the last time but never knew it until later.
Flu season on top of a third wave of the pandemic... ugh. It's not going to be pretty.
Lesson learned: never underestimate how stupid, petty, spiteful and stupid people will be. Yes, I said stupid twice; it can't be over-emphasized.
Instead of giving trillions away to billion dollar international companies we could have done what other countries did with a limited UBI and dedicated funds for business owners. But instead our leadership decided to print trillions of dollars and give it to billionaires. There's a reason literally every other western nation isn't having a problem of "how will people afford rent?" and "how will businesses survive?!?!" but instead it is uniquely an American problem.
Suddenly the right doesn't care about "personal responsibility?" If he's intent on throwing a party and inviting his 50 closest friends... well... "play stupid games, win stupid prizes."
