yolo swag!
I pick it up every few months, which gives me about enough time to figure out how to get to a stable orbit with no gas left, not enough money to make a bigger ship, and stranding Jeb in a long sad orbit.
"Expressive art therapy" today was more interesting than I expected.
trying to adult today. I need to schedule a dentist appointment, which means I need to find a doctor, so I guess I'll just call whoever is closest. Tomorrow I get to figure out continuing health coverage
Hey, it's that procedural ruling that trumps appointee knew nothing about!
Buuuut, buuut, buutttttttt!
I have before if I've had cash and they wash your windows and shit, otherwise no.
A bunch of women in our group today were relaying their experiences with domestic partnership mental abuse to a woman that was having issues, and I was like "that's just what work was like for me" before taking this leave.
Sometimes you just gotta hoe around ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Oh my god, someone around me literally smells like they fermented their body odor and applied it.
Crying seems strange when you think about it. It's your eyes throwing up.
I wonder if they have a slanted view
I love the idea that Trump is playing "xD chess". Meanwhile I envision him asking "how does the horsey move"? Edit: mobile
OP should look for signatures, and/or servers!
My parents call it almond roca and it drives me fucking insane
I amazed he didn't back out on that. lol
Next you're gonna tell me that sphinx is a giant robot, right?
I've been in like a manic mood all day. Didn't help that I ate some lettuce so I was in and out of the bathroom all night, or that my anxiety is like at a 10 and I'm having like hot flashes. I got disgruntled today because we got a bunch of new people in my group today for treatment. I realized a lot of that is because now I have to judge and form stereotypes in my mind so I can try to anticipate where conversations would go.
Here I was waiting for a story about how you popped your eye...
&gt; "Hello President Trump, thanks for coming in. I know you're a hard working milli - or is it billionaire." &gt; aaah, many billions and billions. *Mueller takes note on legal pad*
First 25 minutes a defensive SEC battle. Since, not sure how Saban hasn't murdered someone.
I'm not sure why I expected a more helpful reply from you, lol
Fucking portland
Would you like to make a donation to the human fund?
The worst part of smashing my nose today and probably breaking it for like the 4th time, is that I really want to pick my nose since I can't blow it, but it's too damn sore.
Huh, TIL &gt; High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV), commonly known as the Humvee
*envisions one legged fighters on crutches*
I was hoping this picture was actually from 1997 to see what that kid looks like now. That's sad though, hopefully she's found safe.
it's fucking sad how poorly we treat our veterans. As someone dealing with some PTSD and personal issues, I can't imagine the weight of service added to that. If it wasn't for my parents I'd probably be out trying to make it on the streets. It's fucking sad how much of a stigma there is against mental health. It's fucking normal to not feel "normal", you ain't alone.
it's so hard for me to fathom people communicating like that in all aspects of life.
&gt; people who have complete personality changes I can't help but believe are just lying to themselves I feel bad because I become infinitely more outgoing and gregarious than at like any other point. At least people that I'm around commonly have learned to like the non-drunk me. It does make me sad that I'd like to be outgoing but I've got so much damn anxiety. It's amazing what taking the edge off does. Definitely has not helped with my drinking though.
my god does that excuse piss me off. There were so many times I'd write up a passive-aggressive email to my lab mates about how they needed to do shit and then would delete it. I was going 80+ hours and people are sitting around for hours. Kindly fuck off.
I'm worried that alcohol is being far to much of a crutch/coping mechanism.
Yeah, being a mental health practitioner and needing to receive psychiatric help has to make it feel like you're a failure in that field if you've never gone before. I can't imagine listening to other peoples issues day in and day out while needing to process my issues and feel like I'm helping everyone.
Are you able to schedule your own appointments/do you have counselors at school? School counselors may not be the best resources in the long run, but they can point you to resources. I've been more vocal with my parents about my mental health issues since moving home. My mom keeps bringing up family counseling and I can't do that until I'm ready. I wouldn't feel like you need to tell your parents before going, you need to be in a place where you feel comfortable telling them, and maybe you'll need some coping skills for that.
&gt;"men-in-gitis"?? Does that mean he'll be a ladies man!? Fuck no to that one!
Maybe we just have a lot of weird, non-90 degree intersections?
Is this supposed to indicate that merging should be done at the zipper? Otherwise it isn't really clear.
man, I'd just be like: [WE'LL DO IT LIVE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_HyZ5aW76c)
ugh, I spent $300 to figure out that "yes indeed" I was doing my taxes correctly.
"Hey boss, this isn't working, can you hel-" &gt; "HOW SHOULD I KNOW! IT'S YOUR PROJECT! YOU SHOULD KNOW! WHAT AM I PAYING YOU FOR!?" "OH MAN, I LOVE ACADEMIC RESEARCH LAB LEARNING! WHO WOULDN'T ENJOY SUCH A DEMEANING EXPERIENCE! I SHOULD MAKE SURE TO MAKE MY FUTURE TRAINEES HATE EVERYTHING SO THEY CAN UNDERSTAND!"
Oooooh, that explains it. He's a duck fan.
Note. Make sure your liver enzymes are within the normal range. Be the match wouldn't approve filgrastim shots for me because of that, and I've felt bad ever since since I'm AB+ (4% of the US population) and with tissues types it's even less of a chance for her to have found a good match. I told them once they were back in range but haven't heard anything in the 2 years since.
whoo, nailed my "low activity" step and stairs goal for today. At least that's something "healthy".
I just realized that apostrophe doesn't belong and now I feel shame.
yeah, it's fucking awesome. Used it at a number of bars to listen to games. Of course you need headphones/need to look crazy by holding your phone to your ear for hours.
oh yeah, I know what you mean. Those people that just get out of control that you are side-eying like "Really? You really need to be that ridiculous?" You don't call someone an asshole/bitch/etc because you're drunk. That's how it is for you, so just fucking own it and get out of my life.
"Finland has an annual Day for Failure every October 13th." Uh, can I change my birthday?
hmm, other than "shit collides with shit to examine the quarks and other sub-atomic particles after being accelerated in a 20 something km/mile long circle and the collision is observed", I'm not sure what else I'd know.
Tunity. It lets you sync the audio for a broadcast by having you scan a TV image. You hold up your phone and get the TV within a certain dimension on it and you get synced Audio. I had to redo it after about an hour with the recent college football championship, but it's really pretty cool.
safety second!
There's another video of him that I had in the related videos of him "ruining a world record attempt for most people in a soap bubble". Pretty sure these are all "staged"
&gt; I look forward to speaking with Secretary Zinke if he would return our calls. playing the people can't be opposed if you don't acknowledge them, strategy?
I put my mood at a 3 to start the day and then a 2 at the end, which my therapist was coordinating. So I'll probably have to meet with her tomorrow which I'm not excited about.
Probably didn't have to change donny's depends.
Listen to this man. We're full in the northwest. Lol
I agree with you both. I grew up in an upper middle class, affluent background. I never talked with my parents about politics, so I went to college as a "Republican". My first year at school and out of home was Obama vs mccain 2008. That election was so hard for me to deal with that changing political ideology. It's funny now, since my parents are both democrats, but my mom is more moderate. And now, if we had open primaries I'd be an independent. I really don't see a reason why we don't open primaries. Sure, you'll get people probably voting across party lines, but we fucking need a system where when your choose candidate loses you don't feel isolated and attacked.
oof, yeah, that isn't fun to learn. Sorry :(
and that nothing you do matters, and that things aren't changing.
it's gonna be a long fucking 12 hours until IOP tomorrow.
So we need to get the republicans high is what you're saying??🤔🤔
Oh great, anxiety triggered ibs-d. Well, I'm sleeping in the bathroom tonight.
Hannibal is on Amazon prime. Watched it last night.
Was finally honest with myself about my use of weed/alcohol. I told my therapist today that since I injured my knee I stopped playing sports mostly, and then when I broke my wrist I haven't done much of anything physical. I start the chemical dependency arm of this outpatient program probably after next week.
Local news just said a woman donating breast milk, and that is donating to a newborns father in Puerto Rico because the mom died due to the hurricane. They said she just set a new guiness world record for donating 937 gallons of breast milk so far to banks/etc. I can't imagine 937 gallons of anything coming out of my nipple
yeah, it's what I need to do. I just wish that I had my wrist corrected so that I'd have some more motivation to play some sports that I want to get into/back into. I keep needing to check on a clinical study I contacted, but I'm too worried to look at the email.
Saved this past for some reason, not sure why
Sometimes I wish I could escape my helicopter parents. At the same time, it'd make it to easy to run off as not care. I hate feeling like a 28 year old trapped in a 14 year olds relationship with my parents. I feel I have to go out of my way to avoid telling them things because I can't deal with them. And it would kill them for me to ask them to leave me alone and let me be an adult. It doesn't help that my older sister has no issues with how overly involved they get with things.
As someone that has recently left an abusive workplace and an unsupportive marriage, if it feels wrong, gtfo. How long do you think you can take it. 1 year? 3 years? I took a medical leave of absence after dealing with my work situation and my wife telling me she was done. If you're worried you should recognize that if it feels wrong, it probably is. There are resources, and there are so many people that relate to it. There are a number of women in my program that were with narcissists and, while I totally understand them, a lot of these women are coming out of 20+ year relationships. Looking back I see my situation as just going along for the ride. I never advocated for myself, I never felt entitled to an opinion, and never wanted to rock the boat. I hope the best for you, and I hope you recognize that even if you feel like it's your fault that there are tons of people that empathize with your situation.
Are you exercising? If you're goal is to lose weight, you should set a reasonable goal to start with. Mine is trying to walk 3 times a week for 1+ hours. I've been super lazy ave while it doesn't feel like much it's something. Plus, the biggest thing about weight loss is having a caloric deficit. There's nothing wrong with chips/ice cream/snacks as long as they fit into the diet. Use those as a reward and motivation.
Join ^me ^^in ^^^/r/depression
I wish they had used SI units to show the increases in radius.
/r/wholesomeplanets
Yeah, there was another student that left the lab for the same reasons. So instead of checking with me, and seeing if I was experiencing the same things they didn't. So finally I hit the edge of an emotional breakdown, where I realize the only reason I wanted to hurt myself was to hurt them, I reached out to the assistant dean and my program directors. So basically it was a systemic failure on the universities part to monitor a known poor environment for grad students and employees.
God damn. I'm feeling outgoing and slightly more positive and my stomachs like "oooh hey, you forgot about me! Time to feel bloated and have like straight acid diarrhea!" Thanks body.
Think I'm gonna start one of those couch to 5k/10k. I've been meaning to get fit again, so hopefully my knees and ankles are gonna be ok.
my friend in the industry said it needed 12 hours in the slow cooker when I was talking about decarbing some kief. That seems a lot longer than other recipes, and it seems like at some point you would hit a point of diminishing returns. Of course I know nothing about the rate of absorption and the saturation point.
do you need 750ml or what volume are you looking for? Got any friends that do science?
Why is the horse patella where it's located?
[But, your brother is a desirable platelet/plasma donor since they are AB and that is a universal donor](https://blood.ca/en/hospitals/abo-compatibility-and-acceptable-substitutions) I'm AB+ and started this summer. It's not bad, but it's 2-3 hours total since they have to separate the blood from the plasma, but you get to watch movies/tv and they'll tend to your needs since you can't move one or both arms depending on your count and the set-up. Edit: Also, the first time I went I had inadvertently taken aspirin which isn't allowed. &gt; Do not take aspirin products for at least 2 full calendar days prior to your appointment (3 full calendar days in the state of New York). For example, if you take aspirin products on Monday, the soonest you may donate platelets is Thursday (Friday in the state of New York).
Hell yeah! Started this summer, doing it again Wednesday.
and then they'll never stop calling you for that. Except since you can do it weekly it's a lot more frequent.
blood don't help if they can't clot though...
[this site seems to suggest so](https://geneticliteracyproject.org/2016/01/25/ape-human-pig-human-blood-donations-xenotransfusions-work/) &gt;All of this means that a human can be ABO and Rh matched for blood products from a monkey, or even better, a great ape such as a gorilla or chimpanzee (who are closer to us on the evolutionary tree than monkeys). And, since the ABO and Rh antigens are the most critical factors to match to avoid fatal transfusion reactions, it means that xenotransplantation from an ape is feasible theoretically. But some hurdles may exist to making it a reality.
Interesting. How many units are they taking? I need two because I'm donating 3 units of platelets and plasma.
Ah, the Red Cross here say's every 7 days
I do 3 units of platelets and a unit of plasma. The platelets is what takes the time. I know what you mean about bleeding well for whole blood, I usually take about 5 minutes for that too.
Ok, I'll be the person. I assume the USGS is probably a pretty good scientific resource, but what are other easily accessible/understandable/relatable resources for others to bookmark/refer to?
The reality is always in the comments!
But what about *diet* treason?
well, there are still redwoods growing in the forest
Nah, we're killing and giving him to you as a present. Surprise!
If you don't want to watch animals hunting each other, then I guess it could be sad.
So, how's the lumberjack life Dexter?
:( hugs. I miss the life, idk it'd I'll ever feel like forgiving my boss though. I'm gonna start dropping into my old journal club though, which will be a nice mentally stimulating activity
How do you feel about a diet of water and saltines?
&gt; "So I think we all feel a little bit of guilt. I wish that I could've given him one more hug. I wish I could've given him a pat on the butt one more time and just let him know that he's loved."
Tom's pizza and sports bar is the Alumni bar for Wazzu and Iowa. Nothing spectacular, but always an option.
Ex continues to be overly difficult about if I can see my dogs for my birthday weekend. She's really turning this from, "I'll be amicable and just pay for the damage to my car and last months rent ", to "let's find a lawyer for low income individuals that the local national association for mental health office likely knows, because we're gonna legalease the shit out of this"
Couple next to me is arguing about how much sodium is in the red robin seasoned salt per serving. He originally said 2000g. I don't think a serving is over 4.4 pounds bud.
Just realized that my high school wrestling coach was now at one of our "rivals" (they we're super bad and for some reason never hosted meets). It's a couple miles from my parents, vs like 6 to my high school. I've been looking to get into shape to get into boxing, so I'm hoping I can get my ass in gear. I can't think of a more tiring sport than hockey since that always seems like and all out sprint for ~2 minutes. I had thought of trying that, but I'm not sure how easy that would be as an almost 29 year old that can barely skate.
Feels so weird to have an Oregon senator as a potential candidate.
God damnit. I'm going to have to figure out where I stored mine
lol, brings me back to the wrestling days. "Oh, you wanna shoot like that", alright...
When nirvana hit the classic rock station in Portland on the late night shows I knew the times were changing
I went to an international cat show in portland today. Let me express my full disappointment that there was no mousing competition, or display of hunting prowess.
Coming into this thread like "ಠ_ಠ don't you put this evil on me ricky bobby" Saw him when he came to Pullman for moms weekend. It was pretty fun.
So many duck fans were like "But we're from the pac12 and we're playing Auburn, support us!" Naw, fuck that shit.
growing up I didn't realize that the Redskins were from DC and not washington. I was always wondering where the fuck else they put a pro football team in Washington.
[yeah, it was back in 2008 I think](https://news.wsu.edu/2008/04/14/elton-john-blew-the-house-down/)
So fucking pissed that my soon-to-be ex-wife is ghosting my 1+ month request to have my dogs for my birthday on the 19th. Yeah, I don't really want to deal with you either, but at least one of us is acting like an adult.
Our pit/cattle dog loves the shit out of them too.
I'm about at that point. "Cool, I told you 4 weeks ago I wanted them, what I was doing and that I would want them the whole weekend. See you Monday."
shhh, we don't like facts here
That's on Netflix right? watched it a long time ago.
You fucking jogging with heels and a backpack on?
It's like super simple! ...*see*... ಠ_ಠ
I was like "my ass that's an 85° angle"..."oh"
I can't imagine being his speechwriter.
Am I the only one that feels an overwhelming urge to punch whoever came up with the ["home to go"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyyfqKoKvjQ) jungle in the face and make them listen to that on repeat for a few hours??
oh, those are waves. I thought they we're like baby blue motorcycle helmets.
My cat felt the need to get involved in my gaming last night. She is a [poor influence on proper posture](https://imgur.com/o92tFeP)
Yeah, that's the strange thing about it, but there is a lot of cross town involvement such as Paul Allen owning the Blazers and the Seahawks. I suppose one idea would be to help show that the Northwest is a venue that can support big 4 teams and maybe Russ felt more compelled to help support bringing baseball here than supporting NHL in Seattle.
Jared is disposable! -Rudy
Ivanka Trump was just a minor coffee woman. Donald Trump doesn't recall any substantial contact between them, ever.
People that need to explain all of the unnecessary details for a story, thus turning what should be a 30 second story into a 5 minute monologue. No, I don't care about how this person is tangentially related to you, it doesn't matter what kind of car you were driving, I don't care what the weather was. If it has no relevance to the point you're making just skip over it.
Rarely I will get the soap taste, maybe 1 or 2x a year. It was weird the first few times when I just assumed it was something wrong with that particular prep.
Breathing exercises have been helpful in grounding me. I find that some guided meditation is easier to follow than others since I'm not super visual, so some of the "picture yourself in X setting" make it hard to keep focused on the goal.
Wanna match my donation to the human fund this year?
Was it going to be in the old Park and ride lot there?
Organizing them too, the small shopping carts don't belong with the regular sized shopping carts in the cart returns! How hard is it to organize them in two groups?
After I read it on here it made a lot of sense. Even if they're selling a bunch to hotels/motels there is no reason for that many storefronts. No body questions it because of how little we buy mattresses so the number of stores never really seems to stand out.
Yeah my first assumption was raccoon and it seems pretty reasonable.
Like most combat sports, being able to drop down to a lower weight class is seen as advantageous since you can exist at a higher weight, cut down by dropping water weight and have a size advantage. After weigh-ins rehydrating puts it back on. Of course you don't have to cut, but then you're fighting against bigger opponents. You might have a bit of an advantage in not having to exert the effort to cut.
Yeah, but they were in out safe space!
Well Trump is aware that water belongs in the sky or on the ground, so he's totally good.
Went to my first sober wedding Saturday, and the first since my wife and I separated. I guess morose is a decent word for how it felt. Happy for the couple but it just made me think of how my wedding and that time just felt like lies and wasted time. My dad asked me twice this week about the possibility of reconciliation; it's been 6 months dad, not a day goes by where I feel like reintroducing her negative, judgemental opinions would be a positive. Hopefully better days are ahead, but I know they won't be there with alcohol, so here's to another day of sobriety.
It's not a terrible view on a nice clear day. You can get a decent view of some of the Portland skyline, and you can get some good views of the surrounding mountains. If you do go on it avoid the "rush-hour" times since in the morning and early evening you'll get pretty packed to try to meet the demand. I don't remember what it is now to ride, but I think it's $4-5 for a roundtrip ticket, though if you make it up to the hill another way it is free to take it from the top down to the waterfront.
Figured I should learn more about virology since I'm planning to join a lab that works on emerging viral diseases and poorly studied ones. Learned one of the projects involves a virus which had previously been considered for biological warfare since there is no highly effective vaccine available. So that's kinda cool.
I've realized that my dad cares exceedingly more about beaver baseball than football these days. Makes sense.
One hell of a blitzkrieg into the 3rd place game!
Yeah, I stopped commenting a lot because I realized that most of it was just complaining about my situation with work/life/depression. Also not getting drunk every night has substantially killed my late night shit posting. I don't know if toxic is the right word, but things seemed to get very polarized and I think a lot of people that were around that I don't see here anymore were just kinda tired of the drama/infighting kinda stuff. Just mho though.
I hate how he doesn't seem to understand trade but him being his brash Trump-ego way thinks that he can corner the markets and make them come groveling back to us for deals.
*delicious*
God, I'm a fucking idiot and have been defeated by Dyson. So I bought my ex a [Dyson powerball vacuum](https://www.amazon.com/Dyson-Multi-Floor-Upright-Vacuum/dp/B01NAGRRRU) and as it turns out my parents bought one as well. Now, on the vacuum, which you can see in the 3rd picture on the amazon listing, is a place where there is a power button that is touchinh a separate button with the brush icons. Now I always thought it was weird that they weren't the same button since I would press the button and it would start the bristles. Well evidently I just accepted this as a fact and never checked, and just thought Dyson has some stupid product designers. Fast forward to toward when I'm vacuuming and notice the bristles aren't going. So I stop and do all the checks to see if it can spin and verify that, turn it on and it still isn't going. Stop and think for a bit, remember that "stupid design" and then come up with the guess of trying that. It fucking fixes it. Go me.
Someone and his friends kicked me because I brought Mira's shotgun once. It's amazing how cancerous some people can be.
Yeah, I donate plasma and platelets there since I'm AB+ and they're always in need of that on weekdays it seems. I'm sure that the whole blood donation section is always open to taking donors in.
Idk man. It was the day I unlocked her and like the second match so I was wondering if it was terribly nerfed or something. Nope, just some asshat and his friends.
Jesus I'm fucking jealous. Just finishing up 6 months of a mental health break from graduate school because of an abusive lab situation. Hopefully I'm ready because these bills are stacking up and I'm almost at my credit limit.
We should really be detaining hair plugs. A clear and present national security issue.
Is it gluten free?
Ontopic: I forgot that the beavers opener is against tOSU. That's gonna be a slaughterhouse on steroids.
I'm hoping that he will be able to help guide Smith through the process of taking the reigns without having to force his hand too much to the old Riley system. Some of his coordinators just didn't seem to know how to gameplan around the different playstyles of the Pac12, and if you cant especially gameplan for air-raid and scrambling QBs you're toast. Basically let Smith design his gameplans with his coaching staff and play style while providing insight and helping him recruit. One thing about Riley is that he undeniably had a talent of turning 2-3 star talent into teams competitive for 6-8+ wins, especially back in the mid 2000's. Problem with that is that it really makes you work from the bottom up and restructure around building a system with your talent. That's why I always thought him to Nebraska was weird. You don't take Riley to come into a program and move it from 9 wins to 10+, but rather trying to retool the offense/defense on bottom feeder teams into competitive teams.
I think I added her on instagram when we did a social media swap a long time ago which would probably explain it.
I was always frustrated when I took ASL in high school that our teacher would mark us down if we were mouthing the words or moving our lips when we would be signing. It was especially frustrating when we had projects on learning how to sign songs and had to present them since it just felt so weird. I understood the intention of it, but it made it easier for me to mentally process what I was trying to sign. That said, when we went over lip-reading it was fascinating how similar "cup" and "gum" were.
In college we had the opportunity to take military science classes and ssume friends wanted to take the "wilderness survival" course. It was a pretty easy breeze for me since I'd recently got my eagle scout rank in boy scouts. It was like the second month of class and we were going over guiding water sources, purifying them, and making water collection devices. We get to ocean/sea survival and the instructor, a Master Sergeant, said you couldn't drink the water because it's too salty. Everyone agrees and understands... except for one of my friends. Friend: "but what if you sip it?" Master Sergeant: "you can't it won't fix it" F: "but if you sip it there's less salt" MS: "...that doesn't fix it" It continued for that for a good minute or two. My friend and I finally told him to shut the fuck up and we'd explain it to him after class. He got it after we explained that no matter how you drank it, the salt concentration doesn't change.
Whelp divorce mediation went about as expected. Wife says she doesn't trust me to have any contact with our dogs and doesn't believe that she did the damage to my car which she is at fault for and doesn't believe she should have to pay for. *Deep conflicted/annoyed sigh*
Sleep has been super nice. I've also noticed that in general I just sweat less with day-to-day activities (sleeping, walking, just sitting around, etc). Also not needing to let my liver "recover" like some friends have said when I've asked if they want to hangout.
Gravity gun from Half life 2
Yeah, I need to be able to rate this on the ["Kevin levels of dumb"](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/219w2o/whos_the_dumbest_person_youve_ever_met/cgbhkwp/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=AskReddit) 0-10 scale.
My cousins weren't allowed to read them for this reason too. Eventually at a family reunion one of the families had like 3-4 books in their house and the two kids just powered through those and were finally allowed to read the rest of the series I believe.
I feel your pain. Last week we hit 95 in Portland. These unseasonably new seasons are gonna be a pain in the ass. Luckily winter hasn't gotten too bad yet, but these summers are getting rough.
Your post reminded me of how my mom recently found 8 packets of champange yeast that I was using to make meads when I was homebrewing. Not sure what I'm gonna do with those now, much less all of the equipment I have.
Yeah, my left arm is a nightmare since one vein has only ever been hit once ever, and the "easier" option runs at a slightly askew angle and they have to do a double needle setup in each arm since my platelet count is 300+.
do you like fishsticks?
&gt; That's fucking bullshit man "I think he's just a little disappointed in himself." I'm gonna disagree there
I don't think I've ever seen this whole video with sound. Thanks for posting it!
Started in my new grad school lab yesterday and have been getting up to speed with more basic virology. It'll be nice to finally be making money to pay off my credit card, my taxes, and eventually upgrade my motherboard and CPU. IWDWYT!
I got a computer at my new lab today and it's a mac. I've already screwed up copy-paste like 4 times in just over an hour.
I've noticed that the local ABC station, which is owned by sinclair, seems to really have been focused on depression/mental health and providing information to viewers in that regard. Is this something that other sinclair stations have been interested in, or is it just a local thing here in Portland?
FBI is gonna need to hire a lot of new agents/informants after this whole mess gets resolved. I'm sure that this will get back to Russia somehow, so hopefully no ones lives will be put at serious risk. This is such a terrible time for America. It's no longer just anti-intellectualism, its anti-reason.
If only there was some sort of committee that he could be on directing some sort of investigation in a bipartisan manner with his cohort.
I wish that the "Blood Journey" with the Red Cross app was a working feature with my platelet/plasma donation. I schedule all my appointments through it and it still doesn't work for some reason. I was driving the other night and thought it would be a really cool feature for national emergencies/mass-causality incidents for people to see who they were directly benefiting.
5 months down, more to go. Working on my transition plan from my outpatient program to community meetings with the goal being to complete that in a month. Still not drinking with you today!
Thank god American Patriot cocaine Mitch went with the nuclear option. What a fuckstick.
Get on that RBG lifestyle train!
&gt; deplorable shields 😂
I started out at the primate center campus this week in my new lab. It's a really pretty setting with a bunch of trees and is pretty secluded even though it's surrounded by housing developments. This morning when I came through the gate I saw a small deer running away from a coyote that was like 50 feet away. It seemed so strange to see that on campus.
You should collect them and see if there is honey or other tasty wasp treats!
I find it so hard to understand that Trump could send a tweet with an indirect threat about Rep Maxine Waters and that's just life. People routinely post those quotes about the beginnings of fascism and how it's one small act after another that slow erodes things to the point where no one acts until it's too late. The whole DHS controversy seems incredibly scary. Using an "xx/88" fraction isn't normal and the comparisons to the 14 words and the potential that a federal agency is showing support for white nationalism is terribly frustrating/depressing/wrong.
Choosing the top 8 and who you were gonna evict when you had someone new to put there. Whoooww, talk about a potential minefield of drama.
Twice right?
Dempsey really seems to be dropping into the "retirement league" mindset quickly over the last 1.5 years.
yeah, this crew has just been on Seattle the whole game, which has been annoying especially since it's a B-team with the regular crews at the WC. Just all over them about their lack of productive plays and creating chances and taking too many touches between passes/passes in the buildup.
Doesn't help that all of the A-team crews are over in Russia.
I'm amazed we haven't seen a yellow yet. That seems shocking for these teams
Check to see if you're past the withdrawal deadline and find a way to explain why you took a withdrawal from intro bio for future applications.
Do a barrel roll
We drank sky bar dry when we went to auburn
When we lost the apple cup I knew we were going to the Alamo. Not any less disappointed. At least it's better than the sun bowl.
Yeah, an "elite businessman" managed to fuck up signing an agreement document. *Hmmmmmmm*
He's gonna change his name and go by Rural Meyer, get a DC/OC position from Leach, and begin his journey to re-terrorize Michigan.
I love that this is a lasting moment captured in HD that Portland will never forget.
nothing like waking up to some fresh ammonia.
[Trump](http://imgur.com/gallery/8XF5H9V)
A nation of cookies would be pretty sweet dough.
Switch to a single &amp; circle.
well those chances should be limited by proper EH&amp;S and radiation safety/ Doing something off protocol without any institutional oversight is not going to go over well.
I have to "read" a 400 page manual on the biosafety level and containment procedures for work with biological hazards to work in a BSL3 space. Thank god for adobe reader "read out loud" mode.
that would be preferable.
I was taught to use a small culture prior to a large culture to help with bacterial selection. I routinely go from the glycerol into the midi/maxiprep, but I'll streak it out and then pick to a small and then large prep if I'm having issues with DNA yield or growth.
[This is the protocol my old dissertation lab used](https://www.jove.com/video/56766/a-quantitative-dot-blot-assay-for-aav-titration-its-use-for), although it contains some extraneous information on titration and AAP + VP3 combinations for VP3 only virions. I would use a 3 day production if I just wanted to get the crude lysate and check from virus production, but for virus purifications I would harvest the media at 5 days since most virus has been released at that point, and after 1 freeze thaw cycle you can recover most of whatever was in the cell. What are you using for transfection reagents?
&gt; 34,627,5939.00 Hello stranger, you seem to have missed that you actually have 10X your wealth since you have $346 million. I can help you increase that by 20%/yr for a small price!
Woke up at 0515 this morning. Fuck you body, we're sleeping
"Why don't you love me?"
Well out of the possible reasons that one is at least the best option. Dumb question, does Oregon not have statute of limitations, or does testing these kits reset it?
Thank you for doing the math
haha, I thought they were gonna say they wanted to pipette 2 uL
Hmm, if you are going for cell or tissue specific expression I would look for one published to show success, otherwise I've used SV40pA, bGHpa, and hGH containing plasmids. [addgene info](https://blog.addgene.org/plasmids-101-terminators-and-polya-signals) On sarcastic another note, if you're a masochist, you could always go with the super efficient dual AAV vectors if you can't package it all in one! Also, my old PI has been sitting on the data for 6 years now, but others have published similar data where mutations of the AAV capsid AA seq. can increase size up to ~5-5.2 kb (I think he's sitting on trying to get a "perfect study" to try to get it into nature and I truly hope he gets scooped hard).
You don't trap people in showers regularly? That's weird.
...cool...??
[Wow, I'd never heard of Carter getting stalked, that's hilarious!](https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2015/04/24/sot-jimmy-carter-rabbit-attack-reliable-sources-2010.cnn)
I wish that there was a better version that existed, the plot idea is really interesting. Definitely could be made into a super convoluted plot, kinda like "Primer" where it's hard to keep what timeline you're in straight.
you're just gonna shave down your cornea for a 3rd time? What was your pre 20/XXX / diopter?
&gt; if you begin at 28, it's 20% *About to turn 30* I need to get out of grad school
Oh come on man! Just put it on your credit card! ^^^^/s
I get like a burning pain right at the tip if I don't try to control the flow, too fast and it's bad.
yeah, I'm struggling with that whole issue of wealth and investments. Lots of boomers won't have much/any wealth to pass on with inheritances and most kids born past the ~1980 likely will also struggle to invest. It just feels like a cycle where the rich get richer and that's it.
[Copy of the opinion](https://imgur.com/L19zo8k)
Bless the soul that figures out if there is actually ≤80 gb of bestiality horse porn on the internet.
Is there where I fork-knife dance?
Did you ever believe a bald man could fit his head into a vagina, because if so, and you downloaded things from limewire, I may know you...
***I AM A SOVEREIGN CITIZEN! I SHANT BE TAXED!!!***
Any tips on getting hired at the cdc? Very interested in going governmental after I finish my PhD in ~1.5 yrs.
damn, you have to do wipe tests after every experiment? Maybe it was since I was working with p32, but we only had to do monthly wipe tests at my institute (USA) and everyone just basically picked about 2-3 microcuries per dot blot. Sounds like rad safety/ehs is on a bit of a power trip.
Probably hard to smuggle all the amphetamines and "diet pills" into the white house.
I'm amazed he didn't trip with that being one of the more animated displays of arm/leg movement while running.
it's just so prolifically stupid.
His proudest moment is holding a Supreme Court seat and stealing it from Obama. I don't see him having enough of a backbone to not be heavily contemplating the idea that he could be the saviour of Trumps wall.
Here I was thinking about how surely it couldn't go below 0%, but fucking Japan.
I hope he gets a concrete slab to sleep on
ASking my doc for a prescription so that I could use propranolol for mouse eye surgery. Weirdest doctor visit reason I've had.
Yep, for what you described I hate phone calls and emails. I catastrophize and assume just a general negative tone in emails and phone calls freak me out because I worry about what to say and saying something stupid/wrong.
I love how the wiki article makes it sound like the Indiana supreme court was like "well the 8th doesn't specifically apply to state rights" so go ahead and just excessively fine people until the supreme court rules on that.
God damn this game is full on Cal football.
I watch cal football and I just feel like they're your friend that shoots down every restaurant you suggest but don't offer one. It's like you show up but I never know if you wanna win.
2008 sun bowl brother. We both know how bad that 3-0 was
I was at a friend's house the other night and someone brought up going to the basement. I then realized the last time I was in the basement was for that game. Silent pain was felt, especially since they were my friends from osu.
My dog just checked to see if I was choking laughing at this
It's really a pain in the ass, especially moving back to Oregon and having to get used to it again.
I feel you on that. That existential fear that of where life is headed, coupled with the fact that I think for a large amount of society retirement won't be financially possible outcome just has me unenthused about life. It just seems like life is going to be a persistent grind without much meaning. It's like I've accepted being a cog in the wheel of life.
Here's the fun lesson in "what do you mean you don't have a 4 minute offense!?"
When I saw they had 1 left in the third I figured that was probably bad news for them.
The cougs are the savior of the pac12!
Hell. Fucking. Yes.
Our refs are the idiots that view the warning label on nerve gas as a challenge.
Larry Scott is our shit ass overpayed, underperforming, piece of shit conference head. He's let horrible officiating and improper influence run rampant in this conference with little care for the impact on the product. We have shit start times, shit refs, and horrible top-down management. So yeah I'll bitch about our piece of shit conference head because fuck him and all he's stood for.
Which is a totally reasonable idea, but then we're gonna be critiquing officials on judgement. There's not a great alternative, but the rule as it sounds seems heavy handed in cases like that.
Don't @ me, but I think this Saban dude might be a decent coach.
Refs were savage that series
You get a belt or something for being a "champion for life"?
\#74 Is gonna have hell to pay this week
&gt; ***You gotta be fucking kidding me!***
[My cat has given up](https://i.imgur.com/3zFmgK4.jpg)
I rolled a splif last night before I went to bed, left it on my desk, and it fucking vanished. WTF
OMG this ref looks ridiculous
Money me now.
Man, I need better stocked friends evidently.
*Laughs in Duck*
What color?
Oh man I loved going to tammies hobbies as a kid at looking at all the models which I was terrible at building. I'll have to stop by the there sometime this week.
Damn, that was one hell of a convoy after him. [This shows the shot through the hat](https://www.volusiasheriff.org/news/carjacking-suspect-fatally-wounded-after-firing-at-deputies-bullet-grazes-sergeants-head.stml). Sounds like suicide by cop was planned.
Drove up for the weekend, and figured since we took the ferry to bainbridge I'd exploit being in Western Washington since evidently that's really hard for me to get to from Portland, OR. Says the man that just drove 650 miles snaking across Western Washington. Just got back to Portland a bit ago. I'm gonna build out the back of my Forester to get a bed like setup with the seats down, but I need to check out more Western Washington. Bit more diversity than Oregon with a lot of built out trails and options I haven't done.
Saw your post yesterday afternoon and was looking for something to do out in Western Washington. Took about 3 hours from Bainbridge island out there. I slept in the back of my forester at the uppermost trailhead (got there about 10pm, went for the hike at about 5:30 and was back in 2 hours without seeing anyone). There was a gravel road right off to the right as you come in to the parking lot that maybe 0.5 - 0.75 miles had a turn around with an obviously made firepit and a turn around to either pitch a tent or something. Evidently you are supposed to get a Tribal visitor/recreation pass according to the signage but I saw that this morning as I was leaving, so I do kinda feel like a dick about that.
Yeah, this was my [route today](https://imgur.com/HWEOGA3). I was hoping that there had been a way to cut through the park, especially after Hurricane Ridge's pass station had like an hour wait and the only way back was driving the same way back along Lake Crescent.
Yeah, I had a big debate about going back to the Hoh rainforest but I felt like backtracking that much would make for a really long day. Hence me needing to head back up that way.
Ah, maybe I should take the second part of your statement instead of just completely avoiding people on calls.
Gonna reap those rewards
Thanks for your response, your description of the fear of embarrassment &amp; hesitancy makes a lot of sense. Would you say that your self-doubt is also coupled with a lack of self-esteem? Thanks for the info on what you're working on. I'm hoping that I can better convey the issues that I struggle with to try to find better/improved solutions.
I was specifically going to ask for a comparison to applebees.
He cant even.
Our university is evidently getting 6 reachnow ride share BMWs for employee use between our main campus and satellite campuses, which would be fucking awesome since I commute probably 2X a week 15 miles each way to the main campus. Buuuuuuut grad students aren't employees. *eye twitches*
Oh boy do I know a narcissistic advisor waiting for some poor tech to come fellate him.
What? Damn, the article I saw said he had been arrested for DUII back in like 2015. I hope his license was at least suspended others the level of incompetence is just insane.
I saw a person roll through a red light with a PPB marked car at the light who had the green. Didn't even light him up for running the red. 10 PM at night on 82nd, good chance that wasn't them just not noticing the light.
And this house has only been "in session", for what, a total of like 45 days so far, right?
I feel the same way living in Portland, Or. Most places in the gorge and cascades weren't terrible to deal with parking and visiting. Now it's just a hassle. I'm gonna build out a bed in my car so I can at least drive out of town to more remote places without having to set up camp the first night.
Bigly
As a virologist, I'd really like those shill cheques.
I knew it had to be from Japan when I saw it
I screwed and unscrewed 800 tiny tubes to put samples in today, while wearing 2 pairs of gloves. My thumbs just did like a ludicrous amount of curls.
Any chance you've been able to get a picture of the area post exposure?
Damn, I had not heard about. Makes it sounds like some pretty serious allegations.
I love how SYBR is "safer", but they both intercalate [*soooo*](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/015/802/confusedblackgirl.jpg)
I just stopped taking it after trying it again for like 3 weeks. Oh boy did my intrusive thoughts ramp up at the lowest dose.
Ah, that's [how the US invades the Hague.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Service-Members%27_Protection_Act)
Looks like it's time to go back to the fucking basics, and boy do I fucking hate FODMAPS. I ate 2 pieces of toast for breakfast today and I've been in a state of discomfort all day. Goddamnit stomach &amp; intestines.
How do you feel about silver bullets, stakes, holy water, and garlic?
High five fellow newly learning thirty year old! That doesn't sound like its good for structural integrity
Bout to get out of bed and do me some. Step your fukin game up.
I'm in the same boat. My ex wanted to be vindictive in meditation and refused to even let me see them ever, not even once a month like I asked. That's karma on her though, and I hope she suffers a similar but more heartwrenching consequence. Did I mention she was also responsible for leaving my indoor cat outside, who got run over by a ups truck?
Woof *grrrrr* ***WOOOF***! *ANGRILY PAWS AT COMPUTER SCREEN*
God forbid adults make decisions they regret
Can confirm. She knew that me seeing them was all I wanted, but *noooo* Fuck you Jen, you heartless wench
Well obviously the woman should've just shut the whole system down to begin with
*pants and rests face against leg*
There is no way that 5 mL difference will result in death. A teaspoon difference will kill you? The LD50 of methanol is [7300 mg/kg in a mouse &amp; 14200 in a rabbit](http://midi-inc.com/pdf/MSDS_CH3OH_Wash.pdf). For a person weighing ~100 kilos that is a lot of methanol. Just look at the specific gravity of methanol.
*Scully has a desperate plea to try to get Mulder to accept the probability of god* Call it bias, but binging it here season 3 seems to have some very religious overtones in some episodes. For those curious, it's streaming on hulu.
I really don't think it's a virus since if it's mosquito transmitted I would assume the native population would be affected, but it doesn't sound like that. I haven't closely followed these incidents, but it seems targeted against travelling citizens of the USA. I don't think it's inconceivable that these are targeted attacks.
Ah, cool. I need to spend some more time on that era of pop culture.
If you match its paid for, at least when I matched ~3 years ago. I went through everything but my liver enzymes were elevated so they wouldn't let me donate.
Is it metacognition, ruminations, thought loops for you?
Oooor they just like superb owls?
I hope that everyone, including the woman that did this gets the counseling they need. Edit: This evidently happened in South Africa. Evidently they have a .za domain because &gt; Zuid-Afrika is Dutch for South Africa, hence .za. Also, .sa is taken by Saudi Arabia!
Doing intake on Tuesday. Made it about 10 months last time and then just lost steam &amp; conviction. I tried smart recovery last time after I left the IOP, but I only went to a few meetings. Looking at agnostic AA meetings in the portland area, but A) I'm curious what the difference between that and an AA meeting is (Ie, what does defining yourself as agnostic mean for AA groups), and B) how structured are the meetings? B is the really big issue for me I think, since I liked IOP since it was a therapist that took in the group "vibe" on what seemed like a generally beneficial topic to discuss. I had a problem with the smart recovery groups since it seemed more like we were trying to apply the skills to one persons issue (which requires you to buy into and recognize it as an opportunity to learn skills).
Why don't you just throw it away rather than knowingly getting pissed off?
Wait, wut?
Haha, "be like a girl noodle !"
[Record scratch](https://imgur.com/evhhnWQ) &gt; *soooooo* I'm a crackhead
Maladaptive metacognition. Fuck this game
Is there a specific hidden feces gecko species?
Nah, that was after the colonoscopy, blood work, and other bull shit for them to tell me that while things sucked at least I "don't have an autoimmune disease". Oh *GREAT* you're a specialist, what a fucking *SPECIAL BIT OF ADVICE YOU HAD!*. "WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IS WRONG. TRY TO FEEL BETTER!" I'm gonna say the jury is out on that, but I'm not throwing more money at an industry that essentially is that person that walks up to a burning car that says "yep, shits fucked". &gt; OH WELL FUCKING BRAVO JILL. I'M GLAD THAT ME SHOWING UP AND TELLING YOU THAT MY SHIT IS LITERALLY FUCKED WASN'T OBVIOUS ENOUGH. LETS ALL FUCKING CLAP. [***TERRIBLE, take a lap!***](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9_drLXM8C0)
I had an [NSG](https://www.jax.org/strain/005557) mouse jump out of a hood and onto the floor, it survived luckily.
Goddamn Carol can just sit around at home all day nabbing the deals!
I agree. Questionable if the second digit is a 9 or a 0
Personally Traumatic Self Defense
I have two questions which I'm looking for feedback/discussion on since I feel like expressing these opinions wades into "well you're a white male" territory, so it seems not even worth making it an issue since I'll just been seen as a shit pot stirrer. 1) Students at the university a few years ago created an association for visible diversity in science. To me including the "visible" seems pretentious and rather than accepting the diversity of say socioeconomic status, hidden disabilities (etc). It feels like fractioning a pie where rather than actually sounding wholly accepting and working to increase overall diversity the objective is a *specific sort* of diversity. related-ish 2) Students have been pushing to get providers of color, LGBT, etc which would I can totally understand the rationale for, especially with mental health providers. At the same time, there are no male physicians at student health, except for an acupuncturist. So, while I don't at this time have specific male health issues there isn't an avenue other than seeing a female doctor/FNP. If you flip the script and it was all male providers then, to me in the current environment, it is a totally different scenario.
She took ownership of the casino
I *definitely* wrote that!
but what about jackdaws?
Fucking turtles man
Oh man, this internet tube I'm in is fucking sick man. Fucking tubular dude!
But Kenny is very pragmatic!
*Heeeyyyyyooooo!*
Having only heard the negatives on reddit and not looking into further I'm interested what the counterview is?
*Tonya Harding has entered the chat*
[Pat's lavar on head](https://giphy.com/gifs/new-O5NyCibf93upy)
Cool, thanks for the explanation!
Why *not*!?
This is some nice pasta
What part of 30 was this?
And Pittsburg!
I hope you don't mean you physically inflated it by blowing into it, rather than pulling them quickly underwater to capture the air.
Thanks for posting that so I didn't have to write it out. Delta32 is definitely poorly explained publicly for how it affects HIV and how the ccr4 coreceptor is still functional!
Don't worry, the descendants of the slave owner are evidently still angry that that play toy didn't return to save the owners plantation from debt and having to sell it. Imagine being that backassward minded that in 2006 you cant understand why a slave courteously told his old abuser to kindly fuck off. &gt; Prior to 2006, historian Raymond Winbush tracked down the living relatives of the Colonel in Big Spring, reporting that they "are still angry at Jordan for not coming back," knowing that the plantation was in serious disrepair after the war.[
My friend growing up lacked that last skill. One time we were peeing on a street in the middle of the night (we were like 13) so me and my friends stop midstream and run across the road. Fucking Thomas waddles across the road yelling "I cant stop!". Oh to be a juvenile teenager again.
It's sad that his relationship with his girlfriend didn't work out.
You might want to design a couple primer pairs since you may get some nonspecific amplification or pairs that don't work and PCR loves you slap you in the face with that reality. That way if you design the first pair and they don't work you don't have to redo the whole process of designing a new set. Have you designed primers before and are you aware of the parameters for designing (eg, GC content, melting temp, annealing)?
Fuck your cucumbers. Embrace the brine and enjoy pickles.
Are you telling me there are snakes in my water now? ಠ_ಠ
Yeah I saw this weekend that Britain was supporting our line of reasoning. Um glad that Germany and other EU nations are calling for UN review.
Wtf is blackpilling? I assume either indoctrination or incest.
Heart attack cafe
Look at this guy, buying 5# bulk peanut butter.
Get Musk on the phone. We need the BFR to get to Krypton!
Did you save the membranes because you could strip off the Ab's &amp; block and reprobe?
Haha, yeah...my lab bench drawer is like a hoarders nest of old membranes. I need to do a purge!
Was Stockton there to assist?
I store my pdf membranes in the top of a tip box lid. I record the page number and sample and then if I need to reprobe I'll hydrate them in tbst for ~30 - 60 minutes. [Hoarder pile](https://i.imgur.com/nylSXEd.jpg)
Ah, I thought at first they contacted that powerline above them, but that bike definitely brake checks them.
Is is last man on earth? The commercials always made it look kinda out there.
Evidently one of the fawns on our campus died :(
Its ok, they're Zimbabwean dollars!
&gt; The actual cognitive dissonance in thinking that anyone cares about you wearing some 'rainbow bracelet' or 'vagina earrings'. Yaaaawn. um, well you appeared to miss the point of the posters comment where they were insinuating that in fact very few people care about it as long as you get your shit done and are a productive lab member.
I remember when I learned that and then watched the footage. It was like a swarm of crickets, really sad and powerful.
*flashbacks of the triangle shirtwaist fire*
What in the fuck does that acronym mean??
Clearly we just need to refocus manifest destiny to Eastern Oregon with the new transplants.
Damn, they catch the dude? Your foot doing ok?
Isn't that fucking ridiculous? Oh you want color figures for an article that will likely be accessed &gt;95% of the time on the internet. YeH, that's gonna be $1-2k more. (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Yeah, humans would understand. If they give you shit about seeing a very ill and/or dying family member then, imho that lab can fuck off. I say human because some advisors live in a foreign world of corrupt expectations.
Took my 2014 forester in today (78K miles) to get the brakes done, since it's recommended at 50-60. Either someone changed my brakes without me knowing (I've been the owner, but maybe my ex-wife's dad changed them but I'm not contacting her...) because the rear still have 1mm to go until they should be replaced and the front have 3mm. When I asked when to bring it back they shrugged and said 10-12K. We're gonna go with 6K...
South park ski instructor "you're gonna have a bad time" seems like a perfect fit.
Oof. Yeah it's frustrating how predatory they can be sometimes, especially with women. My ex let jiffy lube flush the system at the first 6K oil change &amp; that was like $120. I was *displeased*.
Anyone take the train from Philly to Atlantic city? I'm flying back and getting in on 8/7 but everything from Portland is a red eye and I don't want to really kill almost 12 hours at the airport waiting for the person that is renting a car.
Are you saying you don't do life 110%!? Com'on bro!
I thought we had a new mod, haha
So it sounds like we need a larger state mental health hospital to deal with the increased need to evaluate the mental health of defendants? Kinda related, but I learned recently that Oregon is one of a few states where your stay at the state hospital is the same as the time you would serve in jail. I thought that was interesting since my assumption was that once you were 'committed' it was up to a panel of physicians or something to be approved for release.
Wow, that's pretty shitty of her to be that controlling (*flasbacks*). I totally understand your side though and why you feel that way. I think if you approach it in a tactful manner you wouldn't be an asshole. Like it would be hard to be pissed at you if you suggested donating it to a children's hospital or something.
Do the breach charges still have this issue?
I was thinking maybe concentrated, un sweetened cranberry juice.
If only Portland had a built facility that we could use that could house thousands. Maybe we could call it wapato.
I've had chipotle 3 times in my life and every time it's terrible discomfort, although I already have irritable bowel. I think its the red sauce that fucks me up.
I have the Arrested Development chicken sound running joke stuck in my head now. "Has anyone in this family ever even seen a chicken!?"
I think I read that when I was in 6th or 7th grade. Kinda amazed my parents let me read that and the Elie Wiesel book series at that age.
I don't even care when I get rick rolled these days like this. It's just so ridiculous it makes me happy.
I did my plaque titer assay plates to dial in the virus to add and got a great result with a 1:12,800 dilution. I repeat that for the large assay with serum from 40 mice and 5 +/- controls and it comes out garbage, almost everything is dead. The only difference is this time my dilution was probably closer to 1:13,500 and I used the new batch of carboxymethyl cellulose. Negative control was great though, so it's something with the virus and I'm willing to bet dollars to dimes that someone made that media wrong and instead of virus only spreading to neighbor infected cells it was able to transit through the media. ***FUUUUUUUCKK*** So now I'm at work making new CMC to test tomorrow, *sigh*.
woah, woah, woah. You want them to bring logic to this!? ^^/s
*high fives all around*!
Must be a browns fan
Jesus christ, what the fuck is that cackle?
Assaulted anyone yet?
The legacy of the Colorado river and California is fucking crazy.
*Laughs in nuclear bunker* Enjoy!
Makes sense. I was doing it with chex and I probably should've gotten the non-vanilla flavor. Oh well, live and learn.
I kinda miss being up on the hill now that we're entering peak life flight season. The morbid curiosity was always a bit of a nice break from experiments.
If God wanted it, God would will it!
Contact your grad studies department/ombudsman/etc about the Quid Pro Quo that your adviser is trying to force you into. Even if you talk with your adviser and tell them no, that incident still needs to be documented.
That should happen, unless they are all somewhat dependent on the PI's grants to supplement their research and/or if the PI has seniority or has just been elevated to a full professor and they others are still associate professors.
Dumper diving. Who has the time and energy to be so angry about another person's happiness but not have the guts to sign it?
As long as they haven't had their liquor license suspended. There was a dark month back in 2012 (?) when they lost it.
God bless Lake Missoula and the geography it helped form.
If you have the discovery pass to park there I doubt that anyone would give you shit for sleeping in your car
Calm down Ghandi
Subtitled?
Not shitting on you because you're right, but the idea of extending the 217 parking lot to Washington makes me chuckle. Another bypass has gotta happen and boy are people gonna complain!
Yeah, I just pulled up the map of the area and like you said you either have to do it up by St. Helens, or try to force it on the East side of Sauvie and run it by Kelley Point. Either way there are going to be a lot of pissed off people about the eyesore that a highway in that area will be. The Old Cornelius pass is probably the best area to try to run something, but I'm interested to see what will happen with the big construction project on that will do. Not having a West side bypass is something that is only getting worse, and maybe I've been under a rock/ignorant, but I feel like I haven't seen anything about proposals to fix that.
Yeah, that would make sense, even if it's just and extension of, or a different line for the WES. Routing everyone through portland in order to get to the west side isn't sustainable and some sort of rapid transit or expedited public transit to serve the Beaverton/Hillsboro area would be of great benefit.
Today has been a test of my patience, mainly from stupid drivers. \#1 - Stopped in the tunnel into portland and then changed lanes across a double white line. \#2 - A lady went through a stop sign at an intersection, got confused and stopped in the middle of the intersection and then got pissed that me and another car weren't running our stop sign to cut her off. I got heated and yelled about how fucking stupid can you be. So she stopped her car and leaned out the window to yell that she had a stop sign. Congrats, you went through it so keep fucking going.
Hopefully the FBS is fine.
Is there not some sort of community resource officer, or the ability for the dispatcher to transfer a call or provide alternative resources for him? We're only seeing a little bit of the whole endeavor, and he probably should've called non-emergency, but how in the world does it take 8 calls before they're like "whelp, I guess we better go assist him by detaining him!"?
Nice catch. That was pretty blatant. [mrw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ya2xifdO_l0)
Retail is such a good way to lose faith in humans. Why the fuck are you grabbing cold foods and them just leaving them around the store? Can you really not be troubled to put something you took off a shelf back where it belongs. It's like people go into a store and lose all sense of human decency.
I mean it seems like a pretty basic action. Growing up your told to put your toys away. Why is it that because you go into a store that has employees that putting something back where you found it isn't expected? Yeah, of course there are worse things people could do. But when I'm shopping and I see that someone took shrimp from the cold section and put it on a dry goods shelf 20 feet away I'm going to assume that they are a lazy motherfucker.
*Rules for thee, not for me!*
Walk into lab and our lab manager is going off about needing racks and I immediately get blamed. So I consolidated my 5 racks, to none and now I'm just gonna feel excessively petty if someone tells me to use a rack, mainly because there's about 40 racks in the fridge that someone else could consolidate. "Ooooh, I have the privilege to use one. Oooooh, what an honor"
What's science without being under self-imposed last minute deadlines? *glances suspiciously around*
My psychologist told me I should make a list of like 5 things that interest me and then randomly pick one. So I guess I'm gonna look at rec center and community college classes.
Fucking glad that Jimmy Carter called his shit. That man is something else.
Yeah total body irradiation is just hoping *something* works
I think that complaint is the reason why we will likely see an expansion to universal healthcare options with the ability to retain private insurance. Yeah the wait/treatment times could be longer, but for citizens where their access to preventative/necessary treatment is limited by financial constraints its literally better than nothing.
Going out on a limb that tits in this context is fucking morons, not titties.
The table next to me is having a discussion about how they cant control their bladder when drunk and how they've appeared to normalize it...wtf They also talked about how someone peed on them and how after that they've peed on other people. I cant tell if this group has a urine fetish or is that incoherent when drunk.
*record scratch intensifies*
Yeah, that's my take away, especially with the weird shuffle that preceded the fall. If he's coordinated enough to pull himself back up like he did, he's either a moron on two feet or an attention whore. *insert why not both?*
Fucking rag dolling into the endzone
Recombinant in the sense that they have taken up the insert fragment into the backbone when you ligate them. They should be the only product once you extract the digested fragments and ligate them if there are no compatible cohesive ends or you phosphatase treat the backbone to prevent self ligation.
Must've been training with Dwight on their off days. Michael obviously taught him the wilderness survival course.
Get JNCO on the phone.
It's a choose your own adventure size
I found myself holding onto cards for weeks so I wouldn't feel like they were a wasted value to have given me. I recently realized that they'll never know how long I kept it, so straight into the recycling after reading.
Did you contact your institute's research integrity office?
USC listen to this man. Helton is your guy, trust us!
Do the cops provide that footage to the drivers/insurance or do I need to talk with the drivers in those instances? I've just been providing it to the police.
Winning seasons would just be nice. We don't need to make a run at challenging the 26 consecutive losing season mark.
it appears as though [grapes are not toxic to beavers](https://time.com/3680705/beaver-eating-grape/), so maybe
Is it in your liquid nitrogen? That's my next task to figure out when we start thawing new cell lines. Fuck me if that's the case.
6 months ago my mom saw some news story about a girl driving her car off the road and said we as a family (mom, dad, sister, and myself) should all share our locations. My sister willingly agreed amd.my dad wasnt gonna fight it so I basically got coerced into it since it didnt seem worth the fight. Not sure how I'm going to stop that since I'm still living at home. My psychiatrist and psychologist both agree with me that I really need to move out and get some independence and not be tracked. Luckily I'm finishing up grad school in ~9 months so hopefully I can move and put some distance between us.
Just please god don't let us go Paul Wulff tier. Those were some dark days.
So we have recruitment coming up for our grad program and evidently another group in the program received an email about helping. Supposedly a second year replied all and basically stated that they refused to help unless the school came to the table on union bargaining. It takes some fucking gall, or downright stupidity to burn your bridges like that.
First time I smelled it I was sure there was a natural gas leak in the building.
What's a tortoise?
Yes. The Air Force v WSU bowl game was super refreshing that we would go extended stretches without calls. They typically call the games very tight, lots of holding, lots of PI, and a number of debatable ticky-tac calls. Of course then they decide not to call other egregious penalties for seemingly no reason. They also are rabid about reviewing for targeting.
It's hard to be mad about what impact that would've made since we were playing like dog shit, but it's incredible that that is our best crew for such a high profile game. There is no way tonight is not a shit show without minute+ long ref conferences and shaky explanations for the calls made/review.
Leaving work in 10 minutes to try to get home for the game and I have to drive myself past Nike world headquarters. *Pounds head on dash* Uncle Phil needs to just front the money to expand the road to 4 lanes or something.
My dad doesn't want to watch the coaches room. This is a travesty.
Anyone check for prop bets on penalties in this game?
Who the fuck are these pac12 refs. They'd be all over that. Wtf larry?
&gt; lawrence throws a block That's a generous use of the use "throws"
He definitely grabbed the helmet but that didnt seem like a clear facemask
Progressive doing us dirty by not actually showing us 30 seconds of smash mouth
WHO THE FUCK ARE THESE REFS!? THATD BE A 5 MINUTE "WAS HE IN/WAS HE OUT" REVIEW IN ANY PAC12 GAME!
Saban looks like he just taught his kid to mow the lawn and is watching them currently massacre the grass.
Pac12 refs: imma admit, I dont really know what I'm doing
Jefferson got fucking stood up
Idk, it might still be the third
The pac12 with their vaunted targeting reviews!
NCAA playing a dangerous game letting this run into pac12afterdark
Big fan is just larry on epo
Guess we aren't calling holding on 77
Chest pass!? CHEST PASS!? what an abomination dr pepper
LONG TUNNEL
Should've been pounding some fight milk. If it works for Donald Cerrone, gotta work for him.
My dad gave away tonight's result as soon as I got home. Thanks dad.
You're basically bound to become a member if you buy property within the designation of the HOA. So if you purchase a house in one you are accepting the fact to join it, or you can find a house outside of an HOA. IMO they seem like relics of redlining, or at least that what the one my parents are members of feels like. It's very interesting right now because there is an ongoing legal fight with someone that moved in and built a retaining wall, shed, and fence without getting it approved. The HOA board said that he could either get the signatures of 5 neighbors and pay a fine and they would allow it, or tear it down, get it approved, and rebuild. Evidently he decided to go scorched earth, is suing the HOA and has led a "rebellion" against the board. Lots of long time board members were voted out contentious letters by both sides were sent about the benefits and negatives of the HOA, and contention has arisen that people living close to board members get favorable treatment and that bylaws aren't enforced on them.
[yep](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redlining), working to keep non-whites out of neighborhoods
It's funny in a way since its fracturing the community further. Members of the HOA are having to pay additional fees for the legal costs for the HOA, and if they lose he'll probably want them to pay his legal fees. So now people are fighting about whether to settle the lawsuit or not. My mom is on the side that they should keep fighting on the principle of the rules and how he shouldn't be above the laws of the HOA. It's really some surbunanite drama.
I haven't followed super close, but I guess the judge chastised the HOA for.jerking people around so there is concern that he might not abide with them. I agree that based on the contract it shouldn't really be an issue to this magnitude and it doesn't seem like the board was unreasonable in providing him options to rectify the situation. He just didnt want to pay the, iirc ~$900 dollar fine and interest that had accrued before he went to court.
But Port Authority, I'm not at a savepoint yet!
Better than playing cards in spokes?
I love how they charge you more for.color figures in some journals still. The majority of the readers are getting digital versions or printing articles themselves. Why the fuck am I paying you for color figures?
It was amazing how you always had our number under leach.
you can make a cheap set up to take pictures if you have a transilluminator. My first boss had me make a back up system using a styrofoam box, digital camera, and a camera filter. It worked but it was definitely a DIY solution. basically [this](https://bitesizebio.com/26/low-cost-dna-gel-photography/)
Not me but a friend. We were over at a friends house that had a detached garage he used as a gaming room. We were all in high school, so ~15-16. Well being a detached garage it didn't have a bathroom, and since he was lazy he didn't want to go outside or into the house to pee. He was also super into halo 3 and didn't want to quit games or go between games. Instead he used bottles. He probably had 20-30 bottles stocked up from that summer alone. One guy we knew was riding his bike around in the middle of the night and was looking for money for cigarettes. Myself, another friend, and pee bottle kid were hanging out so my friend texts cig guy that if he comes by and drinks a bottle he'd give him $5. Cig guy rides over and, luckily for him there was a 20 oz bottle for him to drink and not 2 liters. He asked for a chaser and all we had was pam oil cooking spray. He'd take a chug, we'd blast his tongue with spray. Rinse and repeat ~5 times. We gave him the cash and he rode off into the night. The worst part was that since the urine had been in the bottle for at least a few weeks it started to grow things. Cig guy got his cigs though. I had some weird teenage adventures.
I knew the area looked familiar. Couldn't place which side of the river it was on!
We could compromise and give them 3/5ths representation.
Good point. Doubt anyone wants the trimet barber behind them.
Yep, I evidently took a hit and then went stiff as a board and fell into an oven. 30 minutes later and then it was back to reality.
The issue lies in the fact that the forced pathology doesn't recapitulate the full disease in humans. They can provide some insights and potential avenues, but translation to humans has not had success (~99.6% poor success rate). It's fair to be weary of the results. We just need to identify transgenic models of a fuller disease spectrum and with better characterization. https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-05722-9
Just make sure that someone speaks up when things are low though. Nothing like needing something and finding it all gone and things are on backorder.
They tried an amendment to allow for Robert's to rule on witnesses and it was tabled on party lines
Clear wells or clear bottom? If you're using clear wells you are likely getting [crosstalk between wells](https://www.promega.com/resources/pubhub/2019/how-sensitivity-and-crosstalk-affect-your-bioluminescent-assay-results/). White wells will increase the signal, and black wells will diminish signal. You can use clear bottom wells if you have a bottom plate reader or want to visualize the cells.
Zoonotic disease epidemics, eh?
Seems link they've been scheduling a number of home &amp; home matchups recently.
I'm in the same boat. Switched labs so I have two totally unrelated projects so two chapters from each project. Writing the introduction has sucked.
When I dry them I usually rock them at RT in blocking buffer for 1 hr. Most times that is enough to rehydrate the blot anyways. I've always done it with 3-5% BSA, but others in the lab have done it with milk. After blocking I go straight into primary for 1hr at RT or o/n at 4C.
My last game I learned that nearby city states with a suzerain other than you exert loyalty pressure. Had to keep running bread and circus in that city to keep it loyal.
Yeah, it is going to be multitudes worse than after the acquittal of the officers in the Rodney King beating.
I went to war today against Pericles and went from having 2 national parks to 9. It was glorious. Of course apocalypse mode destroyed one of them because the late game comets.
Yeah, it wasn't until the comets came that destroyed 4 tiles at a time when I actually thought natural disasters could cause some issues. Luckily i already had the exoplanet ship going so I was already about to win.
I know the issues we've always had with the glove recycling is that it was only for BSL1 so none of our gloves can go into it.
So is the idea that it would be more like the intentions of community-oriented policing in a broad sense? That we'd invest funds into community building and resource accessibility while having more dispersed (rather than a central precinct) to deal with violent crimes?
Orders of bleach and rags have skyrocketed for the Whitehouse.
Tegridy syrup
I was in 3rd grade and a girl in my class said she saw it 7+ times because she was in love with Leo. I wondered what her grandma's cutoff for taking her to the theater was going to be.
You could say he really Melo'd out *rimshot*
Last week I saw an add for another similar pizza/arcade business chain (Pietro's pizza in Oregon), and was wondering how in the hell places like them and Chuck E Cheese were going to survive. I mean, the last time I could actually go there I was probably like 10-12 (so ~2000) (since they refused to let my friend and I in when we were like 16), the pizza wasn't amazing so I figured they weren't getting much in the way of takeout orders.
Dude probably thinks he has a 2' dick with that measurement hyperbole.
I got mine back in the mid-2000's and being the Northwest probably helped with the leniency on stout religious observance, since except for a few there were not many scouts in the council that were churchgoers. At my board I just said something about living to fulfill the principles of being a good person and supporting others that religion teaches us...or something along those lines.
If trump has the 'evidence' and tells mitch that he wants him impeached the Republicans are going to do it for him. The dems already wanted to reject his nomination and I don't see how they wouldn't be in support with evidence.
If those rural towns do start to get infections and spread, possibly from rally goers, the lack of medical care facilities is going to really hurt them.
Yeah, this was the only thing I could think of too
753
Execution by firing squad
They forgot the pretty pictures and maps with his name interspersed to capture his attention.
This reasoning would explain their decision to live by the god forsaken great salt lake.
Plus, a false positive on asymptomatic patients that dont need a hospital bed is likely the better error. Tell them to quarantine and wear a face mask like everyone else and maybe they'll be more prudent. False negative and a lot of people will probably be more cavalier.
Yep, you're right, I was thinking of PCR. Our lab set up testing for our hospital abs I was talking with our pcr guy about it this scenario last week in regards to pcr. Late night brain fart.
I love when I have a ton of iron and horse to sacrifice like 300 turns after needing them to boost things. Too bad you can't get glue as a resource for that.
But what about jackdaws?
