Reminds me of Arcosanti. Also the vision of one man, Paolo Soleri, also generates revenue to pay for upkeep through workshops. It's in the desert though, not on an island.
If it isn't, providing that's somewhere in Scandinavia, just wait for a while and a black metal band will be along shortly to set fire to it for an album cover photo. It'll be plenty warm inside then.
People warned him this would happen. Jaimie is brilliant but defensive, and unreceptive to criticism. Most of the times in his life people have criticized him, he was right, which has insulated him against ever concluding that perhaps his own judgement is not infallible. Of course none of this is worth much coming from somebody sitting in the comfort and safety of civilization, not building his own civilization on an island in Panama. I'm just the peanut gallery, so don't weight anything written here too heavily. Jaimie's actually walking the walk and gets the benefit of the doubt from me for that. The thing is I was defending him against other people who said there would be a collapse (perhaps the first of many) back when he started building this thing. My tendency is to trust Jaimie always knows best. The trouble is, that's his tendency too. I don't want a fight. I do however want to ask "what if the arch had collapsed on one of the kid's heads?" That is hardly impossible, and very much worth thinking about for the future.
He has a point. Some animals like elephants, chimps dolphins and octopi are intelligent enough that it's morally dubious to treat them like possessions or eat them, as many countries still do.
Haha, the expression on the face of the kitten it displaces near the end. "Is this shit kosher? Are we really allowing this now? Well alright. What is the world coming to..."
&gt;I (and every other trans person) suffer from gender dysphoria Right, that's the name of a mental disorder. Like I said. &gt;It’s laughable how you think you can talk on an issue you obviously have no knowledge of. I don't have to be a Scientologist to know it's a cult founded on falsehoods. I don't have to personally have gender dysphoria to recognize it is a mental disorder. I am not morally obligated to humor the wrong beliefs of Scientologists. Why am I morally obligated to humor your wrong belief that you're not the sex that your chromosomes indicate? &gt;The human brain is sexually dimorphic and determined in the womb, therefore making it possible for a fetus’s brain to develop as the opposite sex’s would. Indeed, also known as a birth defect, specifically afflicting the brain. Aka a mental disorder. We're saying the same things here. Perhaps it's hurtful to hear but not because I have any desire to be hurtful to you, I just won't humor obvious lies. &gt;Therefore, transgender people have a neurobiological condition and rightfully seek out medical intervention to alleviate the dysphoria caused by said condition. Why not change the brain instead of the body? It's cheaper.
If you've already got bitcoin in an online wallet set up with a bank account so you can turn it into USD, the hardest part is already done. Signing up for the site itself takes 5 minutes, although there's a short wait after that to get reviewed and approved by an admin (requires no action on your part). You make Youtube content anyway, that's the actual work done. Posting that exact same content to Steemit with a brief text into wouldn't be much extra effort given the eventual revenue it's likely to bring in. If Dashaina wanted to handle that, it would take her all of a minute or two to transplant your most recent Youtube video over into a Steemit article. Literally all you do is paste the youtube link into the window where you compose your post and it auto-embeds. Do go in with realistic expectations though. It will take around a year to start making good money. When you first start out you'll be making zero dollars for at least the first month and the only commenters will be bots. (there is a mute function).
I expected the video to be about his new nickname for one of the kiddos, haha. Or the chickens. Chickens are basically mobile poop machines.
It's hurtful to both when others do not affirm their perceptions. Yet one we laugh at unreservedly, while the other everybody has for some reason recently decided society must unanimously affirm, under penalty of job loss.
They are emotionally committed to something that is impossible to rationally defend. People in that situation often become frustrated and seek to silence whoever is challenging their indefensible belief by way of violence.
Like clockwork, here's the "B-b-b-b-but Christians!!!" post. 1. Does the fact that Christians also do this make it ok? 2. Does Christianity need to automatically enter discussion every time Islam is discussed?
I invite you to cry about it
No I didn't. That's a funny interpretation of my post given that I'm a moderator of /r/antitheistparty, which is perhaps the most aggressively antichristian sub on Reddit.
&gt;You come off as hostile and ignorant To you. Because of various things that are wrong with your own worldview. There was nothing wrong with his question. You are the problem here, not him.
&gt; My question was if you have read the Qu'ran. No, but I have read the Bible extensively. The elements of it which are homophobic and misogynistic are not disputed/corrected by Islam, but expanded upon. If you would have me go and read all of it as a bluff, I'll expect some sort of compensation. &gt;No I am not a Scientologist. And I do not have a particular strong opinion on scientology either, because I do not talk in depth about things I have no knowledge of. Bullshit. This is a position of convenience you have taken only for the duration of this argument. &gt;I have read the entirety of the Qu'ran, in two languages too. Then you're aware it is indeed homophobic and misogynistic by Western standards. Otherwise you're lying.
&gt; I've talked with plenty of Muslims who haven't killed me for being critical of parts of their religion. The same could be said for the average neo-Nazi. But most people recognize that their ideology is dangerous. The fact that you can have a civil discussion with individual members of a movement does not, by itself, prove much.
You may receive misguided backlash here and elsewhere on this site. But there is a place for people like us, /r/antitheistparty. We evenly oppose *all* Abrahamic religions, by contrast with the regressive left which only claims to, but in reality has only taken up the mantle of irreligion for political reasons because they associate Christianity with their right wing political enemies. We instead oppose Abrahamic religions...because they are religions. There are none which we single out for special protection, and we take a realistic view of how they rank relative to one another in causing harm around the world (as you seem to). Right now there's a lot of pushback against that position. From people who believe religions are all identically bad, from people who associate any and all opposition to Islam with conservative politics, and so on. But when our numbers grow sufficiently, *we* will be the ones who control the narrative.
&gt;I don't know any Muslims that are bad at taking criticism because they are Muslim. Step 1: Find "Scientific Miracles of the Holy Qur'an" on Youtube. There are now hundreds of videos in this series. Step 2: Dispute the fraudulent claims in said videos. Step 3: Receive insults and threats in mangled English This also works with Muslim Facebook groups. It is effectively identical to the hostile reaction you'd get from sheltered Southern Christians if you disputed creationism for example, but more intense and potentially dangerous.
The right answer and only response needed in this cluttered mess of a thread. Come join us over on /r/antitheistparty where this topic is handled correctly.
It isn't a straw man. It's a necessary implication of your own position which you choose to ignore because of the cognitive dissonance it causes. Defense of Islam is defense of religiously motivated homophobia and misogyny.
In answer to your edited post: Society blames Islam for being more intensely socially conservative about the rights of women and legitimacy of homosexuality than even our own domestic equivalent, conservative Christians. This is not an issue confined to only a small minority of Muslims. Terrorism is. Terrorism is a red herring though, which distracts from the actual problem with Islam gaining influence in the West: The fact that it is intensely socially conservative.
&gt; The fact that you believe going against bigotry and ignorance is advocating or accepting bigotry that a portion of a group practice, doesn't make you any less of an ignorant bigot. This is just another way to say "defense of Islam". The problem, as I have repeatedly explained, is that tolerance of an intolerant ideology undermines the goal of tolerance. Islam is intolerant of women and gays. Defending it undermines equality for those groups. &gt;The discussion was about your radicalization and vilification of all Muslims due to a a portion of their group, and how you are justly an ignorant bigot. I don't think you know what radicalization means. I have not radicalized any Muslims. If anything I'd prefer to do the opposite. As for vilification, they do a fine job of vilifying themselves. You say "a portion" here as a weasel word to avoid acknowledging that it is not a minority of Muslims who hold homophobic annd misogynistic views, but the majority. &gt;Then you proceeded to bring up Scientology and Dianetics as a straw man to shift the argument so that you could try and be "correct" in an unrelated facet. Analogies are never apples to apples, or they would be tautologies. It is not unrelated to point out that it is no more necessary to read Dianetics in order to conclude Scientology is false and harmful, than it is necessary to read the Qur'an in order to conclude the same thing about Islam. &gt;No, but your "arguments" have been equally ineffectual to that in comparison If so, only because you will not give them their due consideration. If you go over our exchange and forget that you're the one who authored your posts, you're liable to realize they are very immature. You have repeatedly leaned very heavily on insult in lieu of reasoned discussion. Compare also the quality of your arguments to mine. I have a hard time believing the huge disparity between them is invisible to you.
I bet that feels incredible though.
Otherwise every reply would have to be novel length, because of what a broad topic that is. There is not a single thing wrong with narrowing the focus of discussion. If you want to discuss how other specific religions handle criticism, nothing prevents you from making your own thread.
I'm apprehensive too. I still don't understand it. People more knowledgeable about blockchain technology say it's legitimate, but when they explain why, I don't understand them. What I do understand is that it's free to join and use. I have never put money into the site. Not even a dime. However I have gotten tens of thousands of dollars out of the site in just a year and change. It continues to work, and the money is spendable. If it's a scam it's an awfully lucrative and long running one. I dunno what to tell you. It shouldn't be able to work but it does.
How much ram do you have and what type?
I don't necessarily object, but would like a cut of the profit they make with it.
Yes, because that's what Herobound is.
VorpX was a big disappointment to me, fwiw. Someone else recommended the VR compatible version of Dolphin, a Gamecube emulator. Listen to them. Each game requires some settings to be tweaked to make it work perfectly but after that it plays as if it was made for VR. Metroid Prime in particular is incredible in VR and there's plenty of guides for how to tweak the settings for it to remove the black bars during cinematics, disable culling of stuff you couldn't normally see on a TV and other small fixes. Twilight Princess is also absolutely stunning in VR.
&gt;Learn some social queues *cues &gt;People were asking you to stop You and Yuri were. Catbeard and Coglito(sp?) were having fun. That's three against two. &gt;so you could whine about it on Reddit and get more attention. What are you doing right now, if not whining?
Even a blind squirrel sometimes finds an acorn.
&gt;I don't think this question is important to the issue at hand Isn't that convenient. But I decide that it is important, and would like a proper answer. &gt;which was about ethics and tolerance I'm the one who decides what the discussion is about. &gt;The only answer I will give is that I think an overemphasis on science and logic narrows the legitimate range of debate, excluding things such as feelings. A society built on a philosophy of pure reason that omits feelings will quickly become oppressive and dominated by sociopaths. That was never what I proposed. Human expression of feeling, such as what they desire from that society, is a big part of how design decisions would be made. Human feeling is also not magic, but neurochemistry, and ultimately quantifiable. &gt;This is a philosophical statement. And any experiment, outcomes, or recommended policies will be guided by the philosophical outlook of the designer of the experiment. I acknowledge at the end that it assumes everybody (or nearly everyone) agrees on the philosophical axiom that it is desirable to have a society which maximizes comfort, safety, opportunity, fulfillment and happiness. However that is an axiom, again, that basically all human beings agree on. &gt;For example, "comfort... fulfillment and happiness" must themselves be defined in order to be quantified -- and any scientific study that claims to measure these will have to define them in such a limited way so as to create significant outliers. Even if we can find a way that creates no outliers, the scientist’s concept of fulfillment and happiness is imposed on those being studied. The number of outliers would be considerably smaller than the number who today are ill served by the existing model. The perfect should not be the enemy of the good, what's being discussed here is still a drastic improvement. Also the idea that some people might enjoy being put into fire and that science is imposing on them by defining an acceptable human habitat as not being on fire is more than a little bit absurd. At least at the most basic level of human physiological requirements for survival, there is no issue of imposing values onto people they don't apply to, because no human can survive such extremes and nobody enjoys being subjected to them. &gt;You’re just proving my point, except instead of “arbitrarily” I’d substitute “philosophically.” If it was unclear, **YES WE AGREE ON THAT MUCH**. I hope if you struggle with reading, the bolded text is helpful. However the model being discussed here minimizes as much as possible the information content of the axiom. It is something extremely simple that pretty much everybody on Earth will agree to unless they're you, and in a position where they have to be a contrarian for the sake of argument. &gt;Your concept and my concept of “a society which maximizes comfort, safety, opportunity, fulfillment and happiness” likely significantly varies from that of many philosophers—for example the perennial favorite Nietzsche has a vastly different ideal society than what say your average American might put forward. There's still a great deal of potential flexibility for how to live, after having optimized human living spaces, laws and support infrastructure. &gt;Quantifying something or studying it doesn’t inherently make it desirable (though it probably makes it desirable to you), and I would attribute the rise in religious and other forms extremism to an overemphasis of quantification and an underemphasis on desirability in defining the terms of our society. I don't know if I was sufficiently clear, because what you're saying here seems unrelated to my argument. To optimize human society we need two things: First, a goal to optimize towards. This is the philosophical element, but that's solved already. Everybody except argumentative contrarians agrees on the qualities society should optimize for. The second is detailed information about human tolerances, desires, behaviors and so on, since that is the organism the society is being designed for. &gt;People do not like the dry world of the petri dish—which is why they reject it with things like fundamentalism and fascism. The fact that you imagine it to be that way for slanted reasons does not mean that's actually what it would be like to live in such a society. Housing does not create culture. Infrastructure does not create culture. Humans create culture and would not for some reason abruptly stop doing so just because they live in an optimally designed environment which better meets their physiological needs. &gt;...but again, all this is beside my point. I personally find science to be a philosophically sterile tool. Opinion noted, printed out and shredded. &gt;But for practical purposes I don't care whether your philosophy is guided by pure analytical scientism or Nietzschean existentialism or if fairies told it to you in your dreams provided we all agree on the outcome. Very nice, but my principle objection remains. Your proposed alternatives to science do not arrive at independently verifiable truths, nor do any tangible demonstrations of their validity exist. What's more, science can in fact do a great deal more than you imagine with respect to improving the design of society based on our improving understanding of what humans need to survive and be happy. Nothing about the human organism is beyond understanding. Nothing about us is magical, it's atoms put together in a certain way. It is entirely possible to make use of our ever increasing knowledge of how individual humans and groups of humans behave in order to optimize society to better satisfy the needs and desires of its inhabitants. In fact, that's what we've been doing for many centuries now.
The alternative is that all a religion must do in order to get away with atrocities is for the current generation of adherents to die of old age before they can be brought to justice. Is that acceptable? By extension, should there be no efforts to redress past racial injustice in the United States just because everybody responsible for perpetuating its worse excesses is long dead? Why has Germany continued to pay for the holocaust, if it's not right to punish the son for the sins of the father?
&gt;Don't send or bring Bibles, that takes up room for valuable resources. They always do, because that's the only reason they ever help. It's why AA is designed to funnel recovering alcoholics into religious conversion as "the only way" to complete their recovery. Absolutely every charitable activity Christians undertake is a cover for accessing poor, hungry, frightened, desperate people who make soft targets for conversion. This is the real reason behind prison ministries and Catholic hospitals for example.
From what I've heard, the fastest way to get resolution to issues like this is to message them on [their Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/steemit). I will add however it's typical for approval to take a while, there's loads of new people joining lately.
In my case, it resulted in brief homelessness and the inability to get work or hold down a relationship for ~7 years until the materials the Christians who were upset with me put online eventually expired or were taken down due to violating anti-harrassment policies of the sites hosting it. That was a miserable time. I could not support myself, I would enter into relationships only for it to end abruptly when she googled me, uncritically believing the first few results. (It included photoshopped pictures of me in a fursuit with a diaper on, Nazi regalia, and a mockup of a sex offender registry entry) I wanted to die many times. I wanted to get revenge, but then they would say "see? atheists are violent too". I did not sue for slander because of the Streisand effect. I just had to grit my teeth and ride it out. Now, thanks to the explosion of imaginary bullshit internet money and some judicious investments in it, I'm doing better than I ever believed I could. I work for myself, there is nobody who can fire me, so my livelihood is relatively safe. I'm pulling in between $300 and $500 a day. I live in a nice apartment downtown on the waterfront, I drive an electric car and generally enjoy an existence of convenience and comfort. They say the best revenge is living well, but it doesn't feel that way. The Christians responsible got away scot free like they always do. But I can't feel too sorry for myself when there are gay teens in brutal re-education camps outside the US, sent there by their Christian parents. I never had it that bad, and in that respect I feel lucky. Bitterly angry, hurt and sick to my stomach by what they continue to do to anybody whose life they get any measure of power over, who does not fit their definition of an acceptable person. But lucky. I have dedicated a lot of time since then to writing like a maniac. Fiction, but with subversive anti-Christian themes. My hope is that the pen really is mightier than the sword, and that some day they'll get what they've had coming to them for the past 19 ccenturies.
I thought it meant "nice guy". As in the creeps who come on smooth and say they'll treat you right, that they aren't like other guys, until the moment they're rejected. Then they turn vicious. Isn't that basically how salvation and damnation work? Yahweh is all love and kindness and acceptance unless you don't believe. Then it's into the lake of fire with you.
Comparison of early Christianity to modern apocalyptic cults.
Because the other way of reducing their numbers is frowned upon and results in prison time.
It seems implausible to me that the supreme being of all the cosmos is specifically male, one of the two human genders. Why not an alien gender? Why not all, or none? Why does the supreme being over all cosmos, a dispassionate, objective entity, enjoy the aroma of burnt animal offerings? Why does he command women to be silent and in submission? Why did he command slaves to obey their masters? Why does he hate homosexuality so much as to make it punishable by death? It seems to me like Yahweh, the god you're calling Him, has all the same likes and dislikes as human men from when the Bible was written. That's very suspicious, isn't it? Can you think of a better way to scare women into obedience, gays into hiding, and to otherwise keep society socially conservative than to get everybody to believe in an all powerful magnification of yourself that wants all the same things you do? I cannot.
The same percent chance that the Nigerian prince actually is a prince, and will wire you that 3 million dollars if you send him the transfer fee.
Haha, I'm glad I live alone so there's nobody to find [this](http://jp7.r0tt.com/l_f1e674a0-2278-11e2-adc4-ab3c51f00007.jpg). I'd have even more explaining to do than OP.
&gt;No. A snowflake occurs because it has a germ (e.g. bacteria or dust mote) cause its formation. The point being that something very complex which looks designed can come about by natural processes rather than being engineered by an intelligence. Do you agree? &gt;No. Ultra high definition photographs are natural products caused by supernatural means (because the lighting conditions required to produce them cannot occur in nature, making them literally supernatural). Supernatural does not refer to artificial conditions created by humans. It means outside of physics and contrary to materialism. &gt;Unseen is a red herring, and God would be a natural intelligence using supernatural means by the definition of natural. The point was that every cause we have ever discovered for natural products turned out to be a natural process. So far nothing has been shown to form supernaturally. &gt;Digression. We're talking about the first cause, not the second cause (big bang). Irrelevant to the question of why, if every cause we've so far discovered was natural, we should not extrapolate that back to the big bang. &gt;Yes we do. I just gave one. You gave artificial lighting for photographs as your example. Artificial and supernatural mean two different things. Supernatural does not simply mean anything which does not naturally occur. It means concepts, purported beings and forces outside of physics and materialism.
&gt;It's the definition of the sub. I know, but that should change. &gt;And no, we have absolutely zero responsibility to try to extricate anyone from their beliefs. Then they will overrun the world. They already have to a large extent. If you don't want them to rule the future, action has to be taken.
&gt;And isn't pouting and saying to your opponent "noooo, I'M THE ONE who gets to make the point!" a sign of desperation on your part? Hmm? When you say "the point is", you're tacitly declaring that you're the one who steers the conversation. I did the same in return to make a point, which it seems was lost on you. &gt;I love how shallow the polite monster act is as well. Caricaturizing people with opinions you don't like as monsters isn't the most mature thing in the world, you know. &gt;Yup. That's why Jesus Christ told the Roman centurion to leave the Roman army and go follow him. Oh wait, he never said that. **Imminent end of the world:** 1 John 2:18 *Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour.* Matthew 16:27-28 *For the Son of Man is going to come in the glory of His Father with His angels, and will then repay every man according to his deeds. Truly I say to you, there are some of those who are standing here who will not taste death until they see the Son of Man coming in His kingdom.* Matthew 24:34 *Truly I tell you, this generation will certainly not pass away until all these things have happened.* Matthew 10:23 *When you are persecuted in one place, flee to another. Truly I tell you, you will not finish going through the towns of Israel before the Son of Man comes.* **Sell your belongings:** Luke 14:33 *"In the same way, those of you who do not give up everything you have cannot be my disciples."* Matthew 19:21 *Jesus answered, "If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me."* Luke 12:33 *Sell your possessions and give to the poor. Provide purses for yourselves that will not wear out, a treasure in heaven that will never fail, where no thief comes near and no moth destroys.* Luke 18:22 *When Jesus heard this, he said to him, "You still lack one thing. Sell everything you have and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me."* &gt;Please note that only Luke 18:22 and Matthew 19:21 concern the story of Jesus advising the wealthy young man about the difficulty of entering heaven. &gt;These verses are included for completeness, and to acknowledge the existence of this story because the most common objection I receive to the claim that Jesus required followers to sell their belongings is that I *must* be talking about this particular story and misunderstanding the message it conveys. &gt;However in Luke 12:33 and Luke 14:33 Jesus is not speaking to that man but to a crowd following him, and in 14:33 he specifically says that those who do not give up everything they have **cannot** be his disciples. It is therefore not a recommendation but a requirement. **Cut off family members who try to stop you:** Luke 14:26 *"If anyone comes to me and does not hate father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters--yes, even their own life--such a person cannot be my disciple."* Matt. 10:35-37 *For I have come to turn a man against his father a daughter against her mother a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law---a man’s enemies will be the members of his own household. Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me; anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me.* Matthew 19:29 *And everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or wife or children or fields for my sake will receive a hundred times as much and will inherit eternal life.* **Do not apply critical thought to scriptural claims:** Proverbs 3:5 *“Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding”* 2 Corinthians 5:7 *“For we live by faith, not by sight.”* Proverbs 14:12 *“There is a way that appears to be right, but in the end it leads to death.”* Proverbs 28:26 *“Those who trust in themselves are fools, but those who walk in wisdom are kept safe.”* &gt;It's almost like your reading whatever you wish into the gospels in order to accomplish your prime directive of eating me, like the monster you are." The verses I've highlighted aren't arbitrary. They're major structural elements of Christianity which answer questions like "Why should I join", "What happens if I don't, or if I leave later", "what about these people telling me it's false", and so on. Everything else is just there to disguise the basic mechanism that drives conversion and evangelism, while deterring doubt. &gt;I guess that makes you a two-faced lying conman. How surprising for a horror writer and monster. In fact, between the two of us, I'm the one fighting for truth. It comes as no surprise to me that it doesn't look that way from inside your bubble. I know what it looks like from in there, I grew up in one. You can only see what it really is from the outside. This is why you can see Mormonism, Islam, Scientology, etc. are obviously false, but Mormons, Muslims and Scientologists cannot.
&gt;And I'm going to continue to break them like rotten wood. Haha, very well. Me too, then. Although if you really feel you've been answering my points adequately so far, I wonder if we're reading the same conversation here. &gt;You are trying to eat me and suck me into your vortex of horror because you are a monster and a black hole respectively. You will fail because I am a monster slayer and I only use black holes to generate entropy. Oogity boogity to you as well, friend! Wololo, ayoyoyo! &gt;False. The difference between cult and religion is not a matter of age. Age, size, and practices. The practices which make it a cult are shed over time as membership swells because they become less necessary to retain converts and are useful ammunition for critics. Mormonism has more of these controlling practices than Christianity because it's younger, but Christianity had them as well when it was young. It says so right in the Bible. World is ending, sell your belongings, take on a new name, leave your job, follow me, cut off family members who try to stop you, trust my teachings over your own reason, etc. Not just one verse for each but multiple, scattered around so the reader won't make the connection. &gt;The Jehovah's Witnesses, even if they were to be older than Roman Catholic Church, would still be a cult. Not from their own perspective. Likewise, Scientologists also do not consider Scientology a cult. People on the inside never realize what it is. It's designed to prevent that realization, which is why you don't see what I've told you about early Christianity is true.
https://steemit.com/spirituality/@alexbeyman/what-the-message-was-for-me https://steemit.com/spirituality/@alexbeyman/omega-point-the-meaning-of-life Regarding the possibility of an afterlife: https://steemit.com/death/@alexbeyman/will-i-ever-see-her-warm-smiling-face-again-ruminations-on-the-possibility-of-an-afterlife
The purpose of stuff like that is to scare you away from seriously entertaining doubts as to whether Christianity is true. Here's [another prime example](http://greatawakening.blogspot.com/2012/02/young-mans-letter-from-hell.html?m=1).
When your brain slug is removed, the natural urge is to start removing the slugs from the heads of everybody around you. But if you do that, they'll fight you. The slug makes them fight you to prevent its own removal. There is no faster way to destroy your own life than to openly declare war on it. You have to be subversive.
Somebody mail this fine fellow the full BBC Planet Earth blu-ray box set.
Aaaaaaaand the thread was removed. Also I was banned, the reason given: "neckbeard atheist". I am a pantheist in fact, but w/e.
Those all look consistent with stuff I've read in psychedelic trip reports.
Those damned cookies know that they did.
Sexual repression because of male ego and hangups about women
We have also never observed true nothingness. It is not certain such a condition can exist, as that would be paradoxical (existent nonexistence).
No, it still has spacetime and there's various forces and phenomena going on even in vacuum, like particle pair division events.
They all did. Joseph Smith and Mohammad were just using the same formula as Jesus, having realized how it works.
https://cesletter.org/
How's this: Supposing I told you I'm the most incredible human ever to exist. If you agree with me, you will receive a fantastic reward. But I cannot prove to you it exists, because you receive it after you die. If you don't agree that I am the most incredible human, then you will suffer a horrible punishment. But I can't prove to you it exists, because it's after you die. Is this convincing? If they bring up miracles or fulfilled prophecies, point out those are found only in the Qur'an and Hadiths, and not corroborated by any outside sources from that period.
( ಥ_ಥ)
Trump is president rn and the flat earther movement is growing. The internet facilitates the spread of both information and misinformation alike.
Now be on the lookout for other recent escapees who you can lend your support, guidance and comfort.
That was not my intended meaning. Rather, that the fact he was elected means we're not as far along as you imply.
[Don't Get Tricked, Bro: How to Identify a Cult](https://steemit.com/scams/@alexbeyman/don-t-get-tricked-bro-how-to-recognize-a-cult) [Diagram of a Memetic Virus](https://steemit.com/religion/@alexbeyman/diagram-of-a-memetic-virus)
Yeah, no apps support it. Look how few support gamepad even.
Be sure to include a gamepad. The Xbox One S bluetooth compatible model specifically. Most of the good games require it.
I have so much admiration for Jeremy Runnells, to have written something so concise but potent. Budging stubborn minds is no easy task.
God damnit, I bought mine full price 2 days ago.
Another vote for glass lenses. Shame that they are sort of limited. You can bend a fresnel lense for FOVs of 210 degrees, you can't do that with a glass lens even though the picture quality is better.
I don't think we live in a created universe. If it was made as a habitat for life, why is 99.999999999999999999% of it instantly lethal?
If life could arise in conditions drastically different from Earthlike worlds, every planet in our solar system should be teeming with life.
Same way there are seemingly intelligent people that have never heard of paragraphs.
It does that for me on Gear VR, but not on Oculus Go.
Oh thank goodness. That was a big help, I'm not sure how I overlooked it.
&gt;"and adds legitimacy to theistic communities" Not wanting to vindicate theists isn't a good reason not to call something what it is.
See you when it all comes together. :)
Did you know that you're not harmed by exposure to viewpoints you disagree with? Moreover, that supporting cybernetic augmentation does not entail denial of science where chromosomes and biological sex are concerned?
Stockholm syndrome.
Their voice is extraordinarily more powerful than western atheists. If someone is white and publicly opposes Islam, their opposition can be dismissed easily as veiled racism. But outspoken ex-Muslims like him don't fit that narrative. https://www.reddit.com/r/exmuslim/comments/4htguj/only_nonwhite_exmuslims_can_shut_down_the_sjws/ Ideally the opposition to Islam should all be ex-Muslims. They are the most effective polemicists, having been raised in that background so they know loads about it, and having been most directly harmed by it.
Agreed. These substances make it insidiously tempting to believe everything they show us, and heart breakingly difficult not to. Awareness of that effect should influence everybody's analysis of insights they got during a trip.
I would have been all over this back in like 2008. But today there are way better options for not much more money.
Look at those chickens come home to roost, just like we were assured they never would.
Yes. Oculus came with one.
Really cool piece of interactive history. I wish we could get movies, books and VR experiences about all the other genocides in human history. All the content on that subject seems to be exclusively about the one that happened in WW2 for some reason. Why not the Armenian genocide? I think I saw a 360 video about Rwanda a year ago but can't recall much beyond that.
&gt;I can already play most of these on other platforms? Not in VR though. &gt;Playing these with a screen an inch from my eyes doesn't sound like a justification for me to buy them again. ...Have you tried VR? &gt;Well duh, of course any technology now will be more used than it was 20 years ago. No, that isn't necessarily the case. Read this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hype_cycle
&gt; Again, So? It does something no other technology can do, and even games available for other platforms are radically more immersive and enjoyable in VR. That's the value proposition. Which part is unclear? &gt;Only if some random internet dude is trying to force me to read something just to get his opinion across. Fair. You have some frustrating opinions though, and knowing about the hype cycle and trough of despair is generally useful info if you're into tech.
If anything, that's what Go is best at. Excellent visual clarity, and you don't need positional tracking for 360 degree 3D videos anyway.
&gt;"You're getting downvoted but you're right." This is a pretty good summary of my posting career on Reddit.
I love Darknet. It's your finest work tbh. I will never stop bothering you for a proper RTS though. I'll set up camp in the bushes outside your house if I have to. Even Brass Tactics is unacceptably simplified. We basically need Starcraft II in VR and we need it yesterday.
Wait, what part of this is false? Does something become untrue when associated with embarrassing old people?
This is not an inherent problem with tracked gamepads, but with the method of tracking used by the PS4. The Go wand is gyro and IMU only, there's no optical tracking element. It should work exactly as well as the existing wand does.
What poll does that figure come from?
"But humans built that device!"
Yeah I imagine that's his rationale. But as you said, it's semantics. He'd probably have an issue with a Mormon coworker who informed him that his dark skin results from the curse of the Lamanites.
Likewise, this was the most interesting response I have yet gotten in response to that statement.
How about because you know an old, matured end of the world cult when you see it?
Welcome to the resistance. Some won't make it, that's true. But victory is guaranteed in the end, because on a long enough timescale, truth always wins out over falsehood.
Alien Isolation in VR
Actually in principle it is testable. Every simulation humans have ever built has been possible to glitch/crash by exceeding it's limits. For example, how in a game engine if you have mirrors facing each other it slows everything way down because the engine is trying to render infinite copies of the world. If this is a simulation there may be a physics experiment we could do with existing technology that would cause an observable hiccup.
You're welcome and cherished. Now help keep it nice by speaking out about Islam to whatever degree is safe, so you can help others escape from it.
There has been a misunderstanding. I'm asking what you do, now that you're out, to hasten the end of the church.
&gt; If your post is meant to criticize exmormons for not doing something more, I would say you are being extremely insensitive. I understand why you think so. But here's an angle perhaps you didn't consider: You're out, good for you. But there are other people who are deceived like you were, still stuck on the inside. What about them? You went through alot, and I know it was painful. But that's true of the people still on the inside. Having suffered because of the church, you should feel driven to help as many others still in the fold as possible, surely?
&gt;You cannot assume I or anyone else is not doing all we can to help others leave. I started this discussion by asking what you're doing, not making any assumptions. &gt;"I am guessing you have never been a mormon, so you may not know that how church teaches its members to distrust those that leave "the true church." I went to a fundie Christian middle school where I heard much the same about ex-Christians. We have more in common than you think. &gt;"Others have read the essays and claim that their testimony is just as strong, how that is possible is beyond me" Few people change their mind on the spot. Especially if they feel attacked, they will dig in their heels and stand their ground. But you don't see what happens after that. Many will go on to research their doubts, hoping to be better equipped next time. Only to discover they were the ones in the wrong. &gt;"What suggestions do you have? If you have the magic bullet by all means please share." The magic bullet is the CES Letter, we've just got to get it in front of more Mormon eyeballs.
Jeremy Runnels did half the work by writing the CES Letter. The other half is getting it in front of as many Mormon eyeballs as possible.
:'3
That stuff is really just intended to make apostasy seem frightening and sad to those still in the fold.
Why would I be harsh? That's excellent work.
Don't apostrophes indicate possession? Like Randy's bike, Ben's car, etc? I've gotten different answers to this from different people in the past.
The tides are turning. The future will be interesting indeed.
They also use vowels. I could not help but notice all the vowels in your post...
&gt;"Good old Alexbeyman, the ultimate intellectual" Only by comparison to Muslims, which isn't some great accomplishment. &gt;"You'd still also have to prove that a "cult's" beliefs is false." I agree, all I have shown there is how cults are designed to compel members to spread them and resist deprogramming attempts. I have not yet shown how the particular cultic religion in question is false. &gt;"In the end, "cults" are still religions." Not all religions are cultic. It's easy to assume that when the largest, most popular religions on the planet are all Abrahamic (and thus follow the same cultic formula) but Buddhism is not cultic. There is no postmortem reward for believing in Buddhism, nor a punishment for disbelief. There is no urge to go and become fishers of men in Buddhism. Nor Jainism, nor Hinduism, nor Shintoism. The more you study religions, the more you will discover that Abrahamic religions have some unique properties that explain how they became so widespread. Anyways, here's the information showing that Christianity is not simply cultic, but factually incorrect: https://steemit.com/religion/@alexbeyman/jesus-predicted-a-first-century-return-that-did-not-occur https://steemit.com/evolution/@alexbeyman/evolution-creationism-and-flat-earth-cosmology https://steemit.com/science/@alexbeyman/substance-dualism-the-creationism-of-the-21st-century
Oh alright.
Some of the games were good.
Yes, I recommend the Dead Secret games. More of a murder mystery focus with evidence gathering and note taking, but plenty of horror moments and puzzle solving.
I recommend it. These are excellent games. It is basically a point and click. Movement is smooth but not free, you click where you want to go and the character walks there.
In awe at the size of this lad
Regarding whether Jesus existed as a real historical person: https://steemit.com/religion/@alexbeyman/3yohrx-the-fossil-argument-for-the-existence-of-a-historical-jesus
With what gun? She is almost certainly opposed to gun ownership.
Why would you want them banned? It's pretty convenient that they come straight to our doorstep so we can talk them out of it. Imagine if we had to go actively seek them out.
Abrahamic religion sure does a good job of protecting shitty men from consequences
I voted Democrat every election up until Bernie was thrown under the bus. The Democratic party is dead to me from now on. The #1 priority imo is to create a viable third party. If that means voting for libertarians, then so be it. It is the only escape from the dichotomy that voters are currently trapped in that ensures the wealthy get whatever they want regardless of who is elected.
Did you know about half of US Christians are young Earth creationists? So while it's not all of you, it is an awful lot. BTW how do you recognize MLMs are bullshit but not Christianity when they're structured so similarly? Both are designed to motivate recruitment, apologetics are the equivalent of the counter-arguments hunbots are coached to use against skeptics, both rely on testimonials from people it supposedly worked for, both promise unfalsifiable future rewards, etc.
I'm not an atheist and don't understand why you think that. It's also unclear why you're bringing up the size of Christianity. Do you know how big Amway is? Can we therefore not generalize it as an MLM?
No, I'm not. I wound up modding that subreddit before changing my mind about it later on. It's kind of an awkward situation now. Anyways, why did you assume I'm a liar? If I told you I wasn't an atheist but actually meant I was an antitheist, that would be deeply dishonest since they're essentially the same, or so close as to make no difference. Do you know me? Have we spoken before? What have I ever done to give you the impression that I mislead people? Liars are what I'm fighting against. That's why I post here, that's why I oppose Scientology and Abrahamic religions. How can it be so wrong to stand up for the truth that you'd throw shade at me for it?
You're wrong to think so. Trying to un-deceive people is helpful, even if they don't feel that way about it initially. Otherwise trying to talk people out of buying into MLMs would also be wrong.
Yes, I posted to /r/antitheist. I was an atheist until March of 2014 and became the mod of that subreddit prior to that point, as already explained. I am still opposed to religion, so I continue to post there as for the most part, opposition to religion is what antitheism amounts to in practice. &gt;"I'm just not sure why that means I'm projecting?" You read plain text with no intonation and assume the person writing it isn't calm.
Dismissing something entirely valid and important with "Go back to /r/atheism" is about a thousand times more obnoxious than trying to help somebody become less deceived. Is it also obnoxious to try to talk people out of MLMs, or not? From their perspective it is, but you and I can probably agree they are wrong to feel that way, yes?
Before I go: You appear to think I am active in /r/atheism. That's not true. Search my name on that sub and tell me when my most recent post there is from. I don't know you beyond this exchange but you do seem to have a bad habit of assuming things about people on little to no evidence except how they sound to you. That is not a reliable way to determine anything in most cases.
Ok. Supposing there was a group of people traveling about your area, led by a charismatic speaker who claims that the world is ending soon. He promises he alone can save you, but only if you sell your belongings, devote the rest of your life to him, and cut off family members who try to stop you. He also wants to change your name, advises you to leave your home/job if necessary to follow him, and says that if you don’t love him more than your own family, you’re not worthy of him. What sort of group is that?﻿
That's one guy who fits the bill, but he wasn't the only person ever to pull that routine. What is the general name for it?
Thank you robot, you were helpful.
&gt; Except, my definition of a cult is more along the lines of Steve Hassan’s model. I know there are ABSOLUTELY religions (Christian and otherwise) that fit that model perfectly. Modern Christianity does not fit that model except for fringe denominations. To be clear I was talking only about early Christianity as described in scripture, which did indeed have those requirements, and which did fit the BITE model to a T. [Here are the relevant verses](https://pastebin.com/raw/X31Haut4). As cults develop into religions, they drop the more burdensome requirements that were necessary to retain converts early on (by making it hard to leave if they began to develop doubts, and cut them off from people likely to extricate them) because those policies make effective ammunition for critics, and because once you have a large and stable membership that stuff isn't necessary anymore. This is why Mormonism, being younger than Christianity, has more of those qualities and is recognized by many people as at least mildly cultish. Whereas Scientology is younger still, has all of those qualities, and is unanimously recognized as a cult by everybody who isn't a member. Btw you might give some thought to how Scientology is designed to prevent members from realizing what they're in. Might you not be in the same boat and not realize it for the same reasons they don't? &gt;"My family does our own thing. We’ve adopted a spirituality that’s a relationship with God. We don’t even attend a church anymore, because of the anti-gay rhetoric that doesn’t fit with how we see God." Look, you keep reinforcing that you're in it for love and shit. I understand. I heard you the first time. That's cool. Good for you. I bet you do all sorts of charitable stuff and are chomping at the bit to tell me about it. Cool! You're a good person. Here is your good person trophy. I don't dislike you. You are not my enemy. You have a brainslug on your head though. That's my enemy. I don't care how friendly it is, I want to remove it for at least long enough that you can decide, independently of its influence, whether *you* want it there or not.
:')
A legal system for quantifying labor. Perhaps simply the number of human employees displaced by it, perhaps by the profits it generates.
( ._.)
Let that be a lesson to you: VR horror is NO joke
I agree, that's abhorrent. We have some common ground. Can I get you to agree that workplaces requiring the use of somebody's preferred pronouns under penalty of firing is also abhorrent? It forces people to affirm something they know to be untrue for the sake of a stranger's feelings. Can we also agree I shouldn't have to pay for your ongoing chemical and surgical self-modification? It is expensive, not medically necessary and it's not where I want my money going.
So schools should teach creationism out of respect for religious beliefs?
&gt; Its not the frequency of the people, trans or young earth creationist (or now flat earthers I guess), but rather the frequency of needing to decide what pronouns to use and the frequency of needing to converse about the origin/shape of the earth. There is a causal relationship you are carefully ignoring between how often one encounters trans people/flat earthers and, consequently, how often one would have to use trans pronouns/humor flat Earth beliefs. &gt;"You are going to use pronouns for the trans person nearly everyday. You are most likely not going to have to discuss the origin or shape of the earth every day though." It isn't just during deliberate discussions of the Earth's shape that this comes up. There are many ways to say something in passing where the Earth being spherical is implicit in what you said. Which, to a flat Earther, is a microaggression. &gt;"There is no double standard here." Yes there is.
We're well on our way now. :/
Charlie Chaplin married a 17 year old named Oona, which was a disappointing discovery for me given how much I enjoyed him in The Great Dictator.
*"You will live to witness man-made horrors beyond your comprehension"* - Nikola Tesla
There is no way for the battery not to degrade quickly, relative to an EV with a liquid cooled battery. Air cooling just isn't as good. All data shows significant degradation of Leaf batteries on average over just a couple of years. Leafs are cheap, but so are Volts, which do have liquid cooled batteries. Mine is a 2011 with 106,000 miles on it give or take and it still does around 33 miles on a charge.
Or invest in proper cooling. But yeah, basically every economic force involved compels business owners to put unbearable pressure on their employees in order to stay competitive with other business owners doing the same. The result is that work is hellish unless you're the owner. Even then it's still hellish until you have your business set up well enough that your constant oversight is no longer needed.
Germany already has a couple of those in service.
I wrote a short story for a class once where time travelers (the angels) nuked Sodom and Gomorrah trying to prevent the formation of a religion which, in their time, had totally overrun the world. The only thing they achieved was that a different religion (Christianity) was dominant when they returned to the future.
Make sure to keep your anger focused only on the individuals who actually wronged you.
Same. Horror benefits greatly from sleep deprivation.
Oh, looks like you're right. I thought they ran entirely on their fuel cells. Well, that's probably coming.
[Does it look like this](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Sarlacc?file=Sarlacc-BTM-DB.png)? If so, can I get your number?
You can take the Fett out of the sarlaac pit. But you can never take the sarlaac pit out of the Fett.
&gt;"I was thinking possibly life could be replenished because there are dead female bodies and maybe the WAU could reanimate them and maybe get their ovaries flowing and birth some humans, same with the penis and balls on the mans bodies or maybe they have some semen stored somewhere?? " Insufficient genetic variation with just a few men and women. You need somewhere between 500 and 1,000 minimum for a viable breeding population.
Wicked fun. I love mine.
The old fashioned derelict industrial town with the futuristic aircraft flying overhead, and periodic air raid siren. It tells a troubling story about what happened without saying a word.
Huh, ok.
[Knock yourself out.](https://www.amazon.com/default/e/B01N4LHI3C?redirectedFromKindleDbs=true) I especially recommend [this one](https://www.amazon.com/Little-Robot-Alex-Beyman-ebook/dp/B06W56VTJ2/ref=asap_bc?ie=UTF8) and [this one](https://www.amazon.com/All-Little-People-Alex-Beyman-ebook/dp/B07D2ZZHPB/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1530075413&amp;sr=11&amp;keywords=all+the+little+people+alex+beyman). First one is The Walking Dead but with domestic robots infected by a computer virus. Second one is a dark fantasy coming of age story about a boy entrusted by a witch to take care of a miniature society of homunculi.
I have been trying to find a way to satisfy my soda craving that won't destroy my health. But literally any flavoring I put in there in syrup or powdered form always has a fuckload of sugar, otherwise it tastes like ass. My solution so far is to drink home made club soda. It's just carbonated water. Unless there is some health downside to CO2 in your water I don't know about it seems pretty benign. What I realized is that the main things I crave about soda is the fizziness, and the cold. If you take away the fizz and warm up a soda, it's gross. But take away just the sugar and flavoring, it's still refreshing.
Good thing they aren't in charge of anything except Jack and shit, and Jack just left town.
It's bad, steer clear.
How could Jesus not be real What cult in history was ever started by nobody?
No, he has the official Jesus hug pillow as well.
GOOD. This is how it's done.
Yes, absolutely. Part and parcel of the great pulling apart, into smaller and more insular groups. A turning inward as well, to focus only on the in-group's needs and problems.
No. It seems like rather than reading and replying to the text of what I wrote, you are replying to what you imagine my worldview is, or what you imagine the implications of my post to be. All I said is that the Nazis were indeed socialists, and that the promise of a comprehensive cradle to grave welfare state (exclusively for Germans) was a major part of their platform, and that's true.
But I thought science had proven that transwomen have the brain structure and chemistry of biowomen and transmen have the brain structure and chemistry of biomen. It's the crux of their claim that science has vindicated their perspective of gender.
Everybody knows there is no God. Except of course for Kalgathu, the Grain Father. May he shower our crops with his life giving seed, and protect us from the devastating lyrical stylings of Kramdar the Gorethirsty, aka Rapmaster K.
Yes, I agree with everything you have written there. You are not under attack. You may calm your swollen red nipples now. I have some soothing aloe vera creme for the purpose if you want it.
Really? It works at the same time for me.
There is no "real". Information is information.
This is starting to get dark.
In the OS, and games that support it.
Are you the developer of this game?
What is the name of that program and where do I obtain it?
/r/extremelyspecificfetish
&gt;He kept bashing the religion and claiming that it prevented him from doing loads of things. Because this is how he believes apostates think.
What if there really is a Nigerian prince emailing Americans, offering to share his fortune with them?
[Here](https://steemit.com/religion/@alexbeyman/diagram-of-a-memetic-virus) is a perspective you may not have considered, which will answer all of the questions you listed.
&gt;"'I think this is harmful, so let's harm it out of existence'" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_absurdum What's actually being discussed here is arresting the growth of a contagious system of mind control so that humanity is not swallowed up completely by it, which would result in a great many important truths being buried forever, and the never-ending repression of women, gays and apostates. &gt;"Your 'justification' for forceful 're-education' /torture of Muslims is that Christians have gay camps...???" Muslims don't have those kinds of camps because they [murder their own children](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honor_killing) if they are gay or apostate. This is not a rare exception but the norm, and the only reason it isn't seen more frequently is that gay and atheist children in Muslim families generally conceal that about themselves out of fear for their lives. As /r/exmuslim about this sometime. &gt;"I didn't quite imagine that your ego would be so unprecedentedly overgrown that you genuinely believe, without a shadow of doubt, that you have discovered the great truth about our world." You don't have to be a genius to know a cult when you see one, any more than you need to be a genius to conclude that there probably isn't a Nigerian prince looking to share his fortune with you. You just need to know how to identify various forms of fraud by their structure and operation. &gt;"I am religious, and yet I am able to accept that I can't fully know for a fact what the truth is. You are someone who is so caught up in his own cult of non-belief that you are no longer capable of any critical thinking that questions your pseudo-intelligence." Haha, really? Not being in a cult, is itself a cult? Ooohhh, that's insightful! That cuts me right to the bone! I bet you tie your shoes all by yourself, you big clever boy! Where did I ever claim to be particularly smart? Haven't I said over and over that you don't need to be, simply to recognize fraud. All it takes is an understanding of how various types of scam work, like introducing dead viral husks to your immune system so it can safely learn to spot them. This threatens you because having read my posts, you can now identify the same red flags in Christianity and other Abrahamic religions that I do. The resulting cognitive dissonance has made you defensive. &gt;"I want you to read that sentence again, with an open mind, and maybe try to consider that you're really not that different at all from the bible bashers who can't see past their own 'truth'." If your only criteria is certainty. But that's a narrow, single-point comparison designed to arrive at an outcome that is rhetorically useful to you. You apparently don't think it matters who is right, probably because you do not value truth. I value truth. I think it matters very much who is right. Truth should unapologetically supplant falsehood, and while the truth of a matter is not always knowable, this isn't one of those times. &gt;"You've trapped yourself in a cult of your own making, and anyone who points out your error-littered logic is clearly just a sheeple blinded by religion. It's really somewhat sad that people become so deluded without even realising it :/" That's you, though. This is some classic /r/selfawarewolves. But you're misusing the term cult. Not just anything is a cult. Somebody who disagrees firmly with you is not "in a cult of their own making". That's you throwing anything at the wall you think will stick. &gt;"BTW dude, if your interest is piqued by barnyard animals, maybe you should go live with them. We as a society needs less people who are that mortifying mixture of dangerously uninformed, and blindly opinionated." I think I'd rather be the one who decides where you're going to go live. As [more and more people realize the truth about your religion](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-number-of-americans-with-no-religious-affiliation-is-rising/), the developed world will increasingly turn against it. Ironically, more or less as predicted in Revelations. Only there will be no supernatural last-minute rescue for you. &gt;"Please see a therapist." You're the guy who worships a deity that [explicitly permits keeping slaves](https://steemit.com/religion/@alexbeyman/what-do-christianity-islam-judaism-and-mormonism-all-agree-on#comments). Including underaged girls abducted from conquered lands and forced into marriages with the men who killed their families, or used as concubines. For people who consider that defensible, through that distorted lense, a sane person probably does look like a madman.
Symphizer? Supersizer? Synthesizer?
Robot horror is an underutilized genre. SOMA illustrated some of the possibilities of it.
What is MRA then? This is some HD projection on the part of hamcreature mcbuzzcut there.
&gt; As a loner who is perfectly happy doing his own thing, when I first heard about MGTOW, I thought it sounded like a neat idea about men who just don't care about sex or relationships. Same, as an aspie who mostly just wants to be left alone it sounded great. But then you open the hatch to one of their communities and the scent of diarrhea wafts out with a couple of flies, you peer inside just to make sure it's what it smells like, and sure enough it is. So you close the hatch, lock it and turn on the gas.
What kind of rare, flightless bat is this?
&gt;part showcase for Paul Anderson to say "look how hot my wife is." The 'ol Tim Burton school of filmmaking
A/RES/3/217
Bantz
GO can also play Gear VR titles, which Quest reportedly won't.
You can use an xbone gamepad.
Why is this being downvoted? Being persecuted doesn't automatically make them the good guys.
Haha, the guy who said he'll never date a feminist again. I mean, it's shitty to shame somebody based on appearance but it's also difficult to imagine feminists or women in general were ever beating down his door in the first place.
[In Motion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yczul_609Gg) from [The Social Network](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1285016/) springs to mind.
Ain't no thing but a chicken wing. Not to worry, you will have plenty more chances. In the meantime, life has many other pleasures to offer.
&gt;"It got me thinking though this is how people stay muslim. The fear of hell. It manipulates you thats how its desinged." Bingo. But they don't recognize this, because other aspects of Islam are designed to prevent that realization.
Robot soldiers
Supposing the robot soldiers can self replicate from raw materials? You can make silicon and glass with sand, you'd just need a source of metals and hydrocarbons. No shortage of oil in the Middle East.
But nobody is Muslim anymore. Mission accomplished!
I never read anything that said it was racist.
You're one person, and only just.
You're in the UK, with plenty of sympathetic atheists around you. Going to the media about this might be a good way to put some pressure on your family and bring this issue into the public spotlight.
Because the biggest threat to any cult are the members who begin to see through it.
I suspect he's being deliberately outrageous to rack up views.
&gt; But I can’t condemn an entire group of people when the VAST majority of the group don’t feel the same way he does. Not even close. It's true that when dealing with people, it's better to miss the forest for the trees so to speak. Individuals are more 'real' than groups, which are after all just large numbers of individuals. Having said that, if a majority of Christians weren't anti-LGBT, gay marriage could have been legalized by vote rather than judicial action. This is for good reason; the Bible itself is very anti-LGBT. It condemns gay sex more times in the NT than the OT and prescribes a clearly subordinate, servile role for women. &gt;"I don’t have the answer but at the very least I appreciate you being civil." Why are you surprised? You've not yet wronged me. I generally treat others the way they treat me, which IIRC is the bronze rule or something similar.
&gt;"The Bible is most certainly the foundation of Christianity but can have a bias to the interpretation." Sometimes. But usually the bias I see comes from apologists trying to soften some of the more reprehensible verses, rather than critics trying to do the reverse. The verses permitting slavery for example, or abducting underaged girls from conquered lands for forced marriage, or use as concubines. &gt;"The Bible is most certainly the foundation of Christianity but can have a bias to the interpretation." This verse echoes Paul's statements in Corinthians that sex and marriage should be avoided if possible due to the imminence of the second coming. It's an admonition to accept a sexless life if possible, not an acceptance of homosexuality as a valid way to be.
It's not some stranger's job to understand me.
Ok, but that's going to make it very difficult to support yourself.
The light which burns twice as bright burns twice as quick.
I'm aware, thanks.
Only if they accept it. But the ones you see repeating the lie that scripture describes a spherical Earth, or that flat Earth cosmology is a recent invention *sincerely believe that*, because they heard it from other Christians. To them, *you're* the misinformed idiot. Literally all you gotta do to expose that as bullshit is google "firmament" and read any source which isn't an apologetics ministry. Any university site is fine if Wikipedia is off the table, they'll tell you the same thing. A Christian will never, ever, ever fact check something faith promoting that other Christians told them. A couple of higher profile apologists [do acknowledge Biblical cosmology has a flat Earth and solid firmament](https://biologos.org/blogs/guest/the-firmament-of-genesis-1-is-solid-but-thats-not-the-point), but try to get around the implications anyway. These people are more slippery than OJ's lawyers.
Good work, but if you reached only two JWs with this info, it doesn't accomplish as much as if you were to write this down as a book and distribute it like the CES Letter. Make it easily replicable and easily distributed to have a larger impact.
Send them: [The Greatest Human Ever to Live](https://steemit.com/religion/@alexbeyman/the-greatest-human-ever-to-live) [Using Heuristic Analysis to Identify Fraud](https://steemit.com/christianity/@alexbeyman/don-t-get-tricked-bro-using-heuristic-analysis-to-identify-fraud) [How to Recognize a Cult](https://steemit.com/scams/@alexbeyman/don-t-get-tricked-bro-how-to-recognize-a-cult)
&gt;"...and others really showed me how Theism is incorrect." You might like [this short story.](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/244915)
Lucky kid. I had to mow damn near every lawn in my state to afford a Sega Genesis at that age.
There's the Clarity phev and the BMW i3rex
I hate it. I still get ~25 miles on average this time of year but I recently hit an all time low range of 15.6 miles on an especially cold night, doing almost all highway driving with the defroster and heated seat on. My eyes bugged out when I saw how fast it was dropping, that's a bad feel.
Unimersiv. It is the single largest VR educational platform with individually downloadable modules on every topic from dinosaurs and anatomy to ancient architecture and medicine.
Oh, I see. My bad.
I thought it had? Every VR site says this. I think based on the inside out tracking of the Quest.
Because our cultural moores shame promiscuous women. So they do not want to be seen as insufficiently selective. Pregnancy is also a much bigger risk for women than it is for men. An irresponsible man could play around, getting many girls pregnant and skipping out, but they are still stuck with the baby (or expense and trauma of abortion). It does sound like you're projecting your insecurities though. Instead of wanting the women you're interested in to stoop within your reach, why not improve yourself until you can meet them where they're at?
&gt; I"m just saying you posted about a Volt (one small 14 volt battery) and said that is more accurate than a scientific paper about energy storage because it's "real world usage". Yes, that's right, though my own experience with the same car corroborates it. If anything it's too conservative a test, since as I pointed out, vehicular batteries are subjected to more lifetime stress than grid batteries. &gt;"That's like saying go-karts hardly result in fatalities, so cars are just big go-karts so the same logic should apply." No, in the other direction. Since grid batteries are subjected to less lifetime stress than vehicular batteries, their results should be *better* than what's seen in EVs with thermally managed, charge limited battery packs rather than worse. &gt;"The scale would obviously change the electric requirements, physical limitations, and physics of the battery usage." Yes, but for the better. It's more like running an unrealistically strenuous test, when real world conditions won't be so demanding.
I feel you. So many samey profiles out there. If only I could meet somebody *truly unique*, who is looking for a partner in crime to go on adventures with. Someone who works hard AND plays hard, because they like both having fun *and* laughing. Is it so much to ask that she already like my dog more than me? That she be fluent in sarcasm, and likes travel, animals and music? Where can I find someone who likes hiking, meeting up with friends and drinking wine, but *also* a quiet night in watching Netflix? It seems like there must be at least one woman out there not looking for hookups or fuckboys, whose kids are her whole world. Someone who won't reply if you simply message "hi" and who wants you to message her because she cannot see likes. Who am I kidding? A unicorn like this is may as well be a needle in a haystack on OKC.
&gt;"His partner in crime was white supremacist Tiffany Roach, an HIV positive prostitute who calls herself “Aryan Woman” and professes to have “Whitegirl Pride.”" Haha, can't make this shit up. Talk about a fitting name.
&gt;"Man, I wish God were real. I'd love to see all the gays and atheists who lead good lives get raptured up to heaven, while the devout Evangelicals who carry nothing by hate in their hearts are left to face the apocalypse." You might like [this story](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/244915).
It's rare to hear from somebody fresh out of the fold. What was your moment of realization like? What finally tipped the scales?
&gt;but when I was starting to make progress on that I shut myself down and told myself that it can't be true, because the JW's are controlled by God's spirit so if it was true that's what they would be teaching, so because its not what they are teaching it is not possible for evolution to be true, and I went back to fully believing them to be true. Fascinating, to see presuppositional reasoning spelled out explicitly like that. I think sincere JWs would not be that candid about their thought process, realizing on some level how indefensible it is.
There are indeed some upsides to totalitarian government. But that's the tip of the iceberg, and there's some seriously gnarly shit just below the water line.
That's really inspirational.
There's one more panel, I think. But no need for that, just yet.
This shit's getting insane. But it's a good sign. We're going to need loads of these by 2030.
Well, a "snowglobe Earth" is basically what the Bible describes. Maybe that's where she got that idea.
Anything can be used for pegging if you're brave
I had loads of technic sets growing up, but I was still more of an erector set kind of guy. You could build some proper robots with that.
It isn't too late, even as an adult, to improve your literacy. The stigma is undeserved, anybody willing to admit such a problem and strive to learn a major skill later in life is brave and an inspiration to me. There exist plentiful centers for learning to read as an adult and online resources you can access with help from a literate friend or family member.
You can't eat it if you get hungry because it's sentient.
https://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/robots/a13310/robot-universe-dominant-lifeform-17549081/
Isn't this the same guy who has been in the news for the same thing over and over for about a decade?
What a shame too, they had one of the better VR video platforms in terms of polish, performance and stability.
Penumbra trilogy, and SOMA.
I write for a living and would be in bad shape if I couldn't do it well after a decade of working at it. I am unsure what else I even know how to do that anybody would pay me for. Anyways we don't need to agree for this to have been a constructive exchange. Everything I said could really just be boiled down to "Your right to swing your arms ends at the tip of my nose". It will be really interesting to see if he sues, and what sort of precedent this sets.
Do we? I have never heard of someone being fired for not affirming a coworker's religious beliefs.
They do? Examples?
&gt; I don't see anything wrong with this. For one, the teacher was openly and intentionally insubordinate to the rules set down by his employer, and expressed that he would not comply with those rules even when his job was on the line. You can't do that in any job. Why does this not extent to religious beliefs? If I mention, while discussing news around the water cooler, that a 5 million year old fossil was recently discovered in my state and it offends a coworker who believes Earth is less than 10,000 years old, should I be fired? What if it is the official policy of the employer to require all employees to affirm YEC? They can't do that, can they. But why should it be any different for critical theory's take on gender?
To my knowledge these laws do not require other people to affirm your beliefs, should they not share them.
When I was little, I thought I was Optimus Prime.
Yup, tranny identified. You mean the science which regards gender dysphoria as a mental illness right?
Insults won't change your chromosomes
I'm only gonna do it if you bring me twice as many Roblox Game Cards as last time
How does locomotion work? I wanted to say gamepad but it looks like there's gyro aiming independent of the HMD.
R-selection mostly.
You know those big industrial shredders you see people toss couches into on Youtube? They can really demolish just about anything, and the speed is variable. You could run 'em slowly if you wanted. No reason to bring it up, just thinking out loud here.
Hell yes, I had no idea it was out
Wholesome. :'3
Is atheism inherently bigoted? How can somebody be an atheist and not oppose Islam? It's basically an even worse Christianity.
According to most members of Abrahamic religions (or Scientology), being an asshole includes disputing the foundational claims of their religion. There is no way to not be an asshole except to convert. They are simply uncomfortable with the existence of nonbelief.
We have statements from people that came back from the camps. I am inclined to take them at their word.
I'm so sorry. I wish they would reach out and give somebody a chance to talk them down.
This deserves more upvotes, shrooms are nothing to fuck with. They can be powerful medicine in the right hands and setting though.
Yes: http://www.kidnappedforchrist.com There's also [this sub](/r/troubledteens) for survivors of these camps
You'd make a poor clown if you didn't laugh
Going their own way...to hell
Men have their own social group misbehavior, it just takes a different form (physical violence). There's no better or worse, just different, and what you personally prefer. I think they might see you as a threat precisely because you socialize well with men. I've seen a great deal of research to the effect that ASD results in more "psychologically male" brains than usual, even in women.
You're the target demo for the Quest yanno.
I drive a Volt so unplug me whenever tbh, so long as you're in a BEV.
You're not the boss of me
What's with calling anybody who challenges your position a troll? Trolling has a specific meaning, it's being deliberately provocative to try and get a rise out of somebody. Why do I see all sorts of subcultures like this one using it to mean anybody that disputes their claims? Is it just to make opposition easier to dismiss as illegitimate, without having to actually show that common objections antivaxx claims are false?
Which is? If you pay by the hour instead of by the kwh, it's generally more expensive. I mean it does depend on the price of gas obviously but it'd need to get pretty high for the public chargers to be cheaper
Meetup groups are great for rebuilding friend networks. You don't even have to talk much or do anything, you can just sit there and spectate conversations.
Why tho
Not if they don't have an EV, because they never bought one, because they heard public charging it (which they cannot avoid) is more expensive than gas.
I disagree, as there are plenty of things you might want a smaller, simpler telepresence robot for. Simply checking out your home while on vacation to make sure it's not been broken into, checking that your house sitter is feeding your pets, etc. I had a Rovio back when it was new and used it for these sorts of things.
I wish you could've finished your education before this happened.
"How come when you pull the brain slug off somebody's head, they become horrified by the realization it was on them, and by the slugs still attached to all the people around them??"
Can Appbot Riley be controlled from a webpage or only their proprietary software?
I hope nobody here changes their name to something western. The Middle East has a great deal of pre-Islamic heritage to be proud of, and many common names from that area predate Islam.
Boy do they jump at the chance to eat their own.
What's the newspeak term?
Why can't we have this on Steam? Why must life be cruel and unfair.
Any word we switch to will just become the new slur once a majority understand what it means. The purpose is never-ending obfuscation of meaning. Not everybody agrees with your values and you have no authority to control people's use of language.
&gt;"No. It's the same thing as using black or african american to refer to a person rather than the n word, which is a dehumanizing slur, exactly the same as 'tranny'." No, it isn't. Comparing the plight of crossdressing teenagers on tumblr to the civil rights movement is appalling. Tranny is just shorthand for transexual. It wouldn't hurt if they had nothing to be ashamed of. &gt;"Go back to T_D." People exist who do not support Donald Trump, but who nevertheless also do not embrace critical theory's concept of gender. You were brainwashed by social media, and view the world in tribalist terms where everybody is either totally in one camp or totally in another. Some people have their own ideas, and nuanced opinions. Not you, but some people. &gt;"Just because you're a bigot" In about 5 years, you'll be the bigot for not accepting MAPs. If you're very young, which seems probable, you've not lived long enough to witness much Overton Window movement. But you will.
Okay, that makes sense. It still rubs me the wrong way when people expect you to let strangers dictate to you what you can say, when the acceptability and definitions of words seems to fluctuate faster and faster in recent years. It's like, where is the council of wordcops making these laws and why am I beholden to them?
He won't be the first that the future has made a fool of.
No, fuck you.
&gt;"I'm not committing a crime. I am not doing a wrong." You are demanding strangers validate your beliefs, or lose their job. https://wtvr.com/2018/12/06/west-point-teacher-fired-for-refusing-to-call-transgender-student-male-pronouns/ &gt;"Just admit that you're a transphobe, it's pretty fucking obvious." Fear and disgust are different emotions.
Haha, okay then.
You don't get to ignore that article. You're forcing people to adopt your beliefs or lose their job. You don't care about homelessness, though. You care only about your feels. &gt;No, I am demanding you not use a slur to refer to me as a person. Who gets to decide which words are slurs, and why? &gt;"You'd probably lose your job if you called a black person the N word too, huh?" Please do not use the historical struggle of black Americans to secure civil rights to advance your own goal of forcing people to participate in your larping. It is extraordinarily gross.
No. Full stop. You are not in charge of other people. The fact that you, personally, don't think it's a big deal to use people's preferred pronouns applies only to your own life and decisions. It does not mean you can force other people to validate you. Or at least, it shouldn't. &gt;"Do I get to throw back in your face all the trans people who've had hate crimes committed against them because others didn't like them?" Pussy stunting is a violation of informed consent, not "because they didn't like you". If you violate informed consent, you should expect violence. &gt;"My feelings are as important as other people's feelings. If the boss's feelings happens to agree with my feelings, then our feelings collectively are more important than yours." Unless a majority vote against your ideals. Then you get a judge to force it on them because suddenly what a majority wants doesn't matter anymore. Drop the pretense. You'll get what you want absolutely any way you're able to.
Why would they do this? How could they not anticipate people becoming attached to a robot designed to provoke that reaction? Why, then, make it have such a limited lifespan and be so difficult to operate on?
The least you could do is keep the little guy operational, chilling in the Vector Space up on that shelf.
I didn't feel you were harsh. You even said have a great day. It only bothers me that you gave incorrect information.
Are you under the impression EV batteries are not designed to be easily replaced? On most of 'em it's a tray that bolts to the underside of the car which mechanics can remove in a matter of minutes.
What prevents a texture from being etched into the back and sides to improve the grip?
The aerodynamics on that thing...
Dollar store umbrellas. Build quality isn't great but they do the job, and can last if taken care of.
While many of those supporting examples are indeed products of bogus exegesis, it is a matter of fact not disputed by any serious historian that ancient Israelites [believed in a cosmology](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biblical_cosmology) which featured a flat, disc shaped Earth covered by [a solid dome shaped firmament](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firmament). This is similar to the cosmologies of the neighboring Egypt and Babylon at the time, and was [a widespread belief in the ancient world](https://www.webpages.uidaho.edu/ngier/gre13.htm). [What Does the Bible Say About the Shape of the Earth? Part 1](https://steemit.com/bible/@alexbeyman/what-does-the-bible-say-about-the-shape-of-the-earth-part-1) [What Does the Bible Say About the Shape of the Earth? Part 2](https://steemit.com/bible/@alexbeyman/what-does-the-bible-say-about-the-shape-of-the-earth-part-2) [What Does the Bible Say About the Shape of the Earth? Part 3](https://steemit.com/bible/@alexbeyman/what-does-the-bible-say-about-the-shape-of-the-earth-part-3) [What Does the Bible Say About the Shape of the Earth? Part 4](https://steemit.com/bible/@alexbeyman/what-does-the-bible-say-about-the-shape-of-the-earth-part-4) [What Does the Bible Say About the Shape of the Earth? Part 5](https://steemit.com/bible/@alexbeyman/what-does-the-bible-say-about-the-shape-of-the-earth-part-5) [What Does the Bible Say About the Shape of the Earth? Part 6](https://steemit.com/bible/@alexbeyman/what-does-the-bible-say-about-the-shape-of-the-earth-part-6) You can also find this same information on your own simply searching Google for "Biblical cosmology", "Ancient Israelite cosmology", "Firmament" and other related keywords, taking care to click on [university history department sources](https://www.lockhaven.edu/~dsimanek/flat/flateart.htm) rather than apologetics ministries (though [some acknowledge it](https://biologos.org/blogs/guest/the-firmament-of-genesis-1-is-solid-but-thats-not-the-point)) Obviously this is not the say the Earth actually is flat, just that the Bible matter of factly describes a model of the cosmos common to many cultures at the time of writing which science has since discredited. What people choose to infer from that is their own business.
If Anki meant for Cozmo or Vector to be serviced, they'd have designed them to be more easily serviceable. Every indication from how they are put together is that Anki thinks people should just throw them away/recycle them when they stop working. Especially in Cozmo's case, as it's intended to be like a pet for small children, that is a terrible lesson.
You are cared about. You'll never catch me empty handed; I will always have something or other to offer you, even if it isn't very much.
Surely not because they recognized he was a cult leader or anything
I hope so. That'd be 4 to 6 years. But robots can be immortal if designed in an easily repairable way.
Also Dover vs. Pennsylvania
And nothing of value was lost
Sexy black mamas can torture me if they want to\~
I mean. He's not wrong.
Alternatively, tell them that's rich coming from a homophobe, and double down on the accusation. If they lie about you, then you can lie about them.
It can seem that way. Personally I do think there's a bigger picture all of that fits into, but not in a religious sense. generally the big truths of the cosmos aren't comforting or fulfilling, just strange. Like quasars. We didn't know they existed, then we did. Nobody thought to predict the existence of quasars. They don't appear in any religious books or ancient legends. That tends to be what truth looks like. Unknown unknowns. Truth which is not only stranger than we suppose, but stranger than we're able to suppose. I think the grand meaning of life is something like that. There will turn out to be a purpose, but not necessarily one we find encouraging or which helps us motivate ourselves. Nature has it's own shit going on, we're a part of it but not the most important part.
&gt;"the view of the story completely disregarded where the world itself came from." I feel as if you only read the first half of it, or skimmed, or something. It definitely talks about that.
&gt;"However, if I give you a $5 bill, there’s a good chance you’ll think “wow that was easy” and decide to hang out a little bit more and see what else you can get." You have never experienced homelessness or you wouldn't say such a naive thing. It sucks. Nobody stays homeless for the handouts. &gt;"Well unfortunately I can’t sit here and make determinations about each and every homeless person that comes up to me and decide if they can help their situation and deserve it. " Apparently you can. You said right in the title that no homeless person deserves any help. &gt;"Imagine if everyone in the world just collectively stopped giving them money one day. I wonder how many would put down their signs and go look for a job." I hope one day you mature a little, look back on what you wrote here and cringe. Otherwise you will continue to be the sort of person whose passing is met with relief, and who is quickly forgotten. You'd also better desperately hope there is nothing after death, if this is truly who you are.
&gt;You have no idea who I am to assume my passing would be met with relief. I have a family and friends who care about me. So did Ted Bundy. Your post has revealed everything about you anybody needs to know. You have forgotten the timeless beauty of gentleness, and are without excuse. &gt;"that’s just a stupid and uneccesary thing to say." This belongs on /r/selfawarewolves &gt;"I’m not sure where you are, but in cities like Eugene or Portland Oregon, there’s a ton of homeless people by choice. They 100% rely on absolutely nothing other than their sob story paying off. A lot of them are aggressive in their panhandling. I’m not sure where you are, but in cities like Eugene or Portland Oregon, there’s a ton of homeless people by choice. They 100% rely on absolutely nothing other than their sob story paying off. A lot of them are aggressive in their panhandling. They have zero regard for the " I'm in Portland. I know how they can be. It can be difficult to understand what would drive someone to such behaviors if we study them from within our clean, comfortable, warm houses while we fill our bellies with whatever we please. Yes, they make a mess. Where do you propose they put their things? Where are they able to? Yes, they shit outdoors. Where else do you propose they shit? In their tents? Public restrooms are available only in high traffic areas they cannot camp in for long without being removed from. Yes, they steal, because when you are busted down to nothing and out of options you do whatever it takes to survive. They rummage through my trash bins for cans they can turn in to a recycling center for the deposit. Should I scorn them for it? Oh no, my precious trash. What will I do? Yes, they are often grouchy. You would be too if you were stuck outdoors all winter. They are sick from exposure. They spread disease only because they have infections they can't treat. Many are erratic because they are on meth, heroin or crack, which they turned to out of desperation for any form of relief from the hell of their existence. Getting stolen from is an every day experience for them because they cannot secure what few belongings they have. There is no feeling of security for the homeless, period. They can never feel safe. Rape is also a frequent occurrence. The frequency of both happening in shelters is why many prefer not to use them, not because they "choose to sleep outdoors". Your contention that most are homeless by choice is at odds with the official figure of 8% chronic homeless. All other homeless are back on their feet and living indoors within 3 years. You have no idea what you're talking about and are speaking from a place of stubborn, cruel, pig nosed cynicism. &gt;"And don’t bring religion into this bullshit. If you’re implying I’ll go to hell because the magical man in the sky doesn’t like my opinion of heroin addicts asking for cash to shoot more heroin then you’re not even worth arguing with because the only naive person here is you." I didn't say anything about religion or magic. I am a naturalist. I do not believe in the supernatural, there is only material reality. But there's something you haven't thought of.
Usually around 50 miles. Some were around 70-80, the very best could do 100. If you are wondering how they managed this on flooded lead acid or Nickel Iron batteries, the answer is that they had a maximum speed of 25mph and weighed very little apart from the batteries, since the vehicle was comprised almost entirely of wood and leather.
How does he reconcile his brother being popular with girls, with the incel belief that success with women boils down entirely to genetics?
Jelly.
This is really bad reasoning. Just because people you don't like also dislike Muslims doesn't mean you should defend them. They are a worse version of those same people.
How does that change what is true?
"If you gain any more weight we're going to have to take your foot" "ScIeNcE iS rAyCiSs"
Jesus speaks pretty matter of factly about hell as a place of torment in the NT, and is explicit that you go there if you don't believe in his divinity.
But polytheism came before monotheism?
McDonalds and Starbucks are [the top restaurant companies in the world](https://www.forbes.com/sites/maggiemcgrath/2018/06/06/the-largest-restaurant-companies-in-the-world-2018-mcdonalds-and-starbucks-at-top-of-food-chain/#1bc58c936fd1). Does that mean they make the best food and coffee?
liquid hydrocarbon fuels *are* a form of chemical energy storage...
Abrahamic religions are designed to cultivate uncritical trust in male authorities though.
It's a real thing that happens, I've seen it. Sometimes men who are pissed at a woman passive aggressively disrespect her by explaining in exhaustive detail something they're well aware she already knows as if she's ignorant of it. Or just assuming she doesn't know when it's a matter of common knowledge. The term has been misused and the definition widened to "any time a man opens his mouth and it's annoying to a woman" but that doesn't mean actual mansplaining does not occassionally happen.
It will however drive a new surge of immigration, which is funny since the people who deny climate change are generally also the people who are violently opposed to immigration. Talk about shooting yourself in the foot.
Yes it is. Many ancient cultures did indeed believe in a cosmology which included a flat Earth, such as the Egyptians, Babylonians, Israelites and Norse. https://www.lockhaven.edu/~dsimanek/flat/flateart.htm
You can also ask any historian who specializes in that part of the world and the relevant time period. It is only Christian apologists who deny that [ancient Israelite cosmology](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biblical_cosmology) featured a flat, disc shaped earth and a solid dome called [the firmament](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firmament). If you do a Google Image Search for "[Biblical cosmology](https://www.google.com/search?q=biblical+cosmology&amp;safe=off&amp;hl=en&amp;authuser=0&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS708US708&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiLu87I-LzfAhUcHjQIHb-MD5gQ_AUIDigB&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=695)", "[Ancient Hebrew cosmology](https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&amp;hl=en&amp;authuser=0&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS708US708&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=695&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=lSkjXJWbDubJ0PEPn46J8AM&amp;q=ancient+hebrew+cosmology&amp;oq=ancient+hebrew+cosmology&amp;gs_l=img.3..35i39j0.14245.16450..16691...0.0..0.64.678.15......1....1..gws-wiz-img.dvsFhkbbJIo)", "[Ancient Israelite cosmology](https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&amp;hl=en&amp;authuser=0&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS708US708&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=695&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=pikjXOakKra60PEPmvO4uAs&amp;q=ancient+israelite+cosmology&amp;oq=ancient+israelite+cosmology&amp;gs_l=img.3..35i39.11808.13021..13398...0.0..0.58.411.9......1....1..gws-wiz-img.......0i7i30j0i8i7i30.ne-GWzwPlkM)", or "[cosmology of the ancient world](https://www.google.com/search?safe=off&amp;hl=en&amp;authuser=0&amp;rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS708US708&amp;biw=1517&amp;bih=695&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=tCkjXKXAOarF0PEPqbG7yAc&amp;q=cosmology+of+the+ancient+world&amp;oq=cosmology+of+the+ancient+world&amp;gs_l=img.3...18076.23250..23402...0.0..0.74.1454.32......1....1..gws-wiz-img.......0j35i39j0i67j0i8i30j0i24.BfLKTYwebqE)" (or any variation on that theme) you will get page after page of diagrams of what I am talking about. Some are from modern flat Earthers, but many are also academic illustrations from the history departments of various universities.
What state are you in?
&gt; And how thoughts of writer who wrote Old Testament when it comes to Earth shape imply that Christians believed that Earth is flat Pardon? Can you show me where I made such a claim? My recollection is that I only said the Bible does in fact describe a flat, disc shaped Earth covered by a solid dome shaped firmament, common features in the cosmologies of neighboring Egypt and Babylon at that time as well. The importance of this is that even if early Christians knew better, it's still a factually incorrect claim about nature which was by all indications sincerely believed by the authors of the Torah, which both Jews and Christians hold to be divinely revealed info. &gt;"Anyway we went to much in off topic, so if you don't mind i would end our conversation." Yeah, I bet.
Well for one thing, the sun does not actually set in a muddy pool each evening.
A video is a good idea, as a nontrivial number of them struggle with literacy.
Wat
&gt; I'd say it's a perfectly fair analogy. Well you're wrong then. &gt;"Same as how we "can be socialized" to interact agreeably with NTs." No, because you get better at masking as you're socialized but the amputee never gets better at climbing.
Maybe, I'm open to that possibility.
&gt;" It's annoying being told to just suck it up and try harder" I didn't say that. Aspies will of course take longer to socialize and have to work harder at it. I was only defending the validity of teaching people on the spectrum how to survive in an NT dominated world because that is an absolutely necessary life skill. 7 billion people, that's nothing to trifle with. That is an unstoppable force of nature. You are better off learning as much as you're able to about how to navigate that world without making too many waves than you are telling 7 billion people they all need to change for you.
I agreed elsewhere in the thread that accommodation is reasonable for the low functioning, but it's still a false analogy to compare high functioning aspies to a man with no legs. The room for improvement in aspies who undergo protracted socialization is much greater.
I'm having this problem too. Apparently it's increasingly common since the last update.
This sub, and many of the stories found herein.
This sub, and many of the stories found herein. Medicine is the one field in which anecdotes are considered admissible evidence, due to the difficulty of quantifying our experience of symptoms any other way.
Pay me.
Charming, truly. Here's what you come back at him with: &gt;Suppose for a minute that there's a group of people traveling about your area, led by a charismatic speaker who claims that the world is ending soon. He promises he alone can save you, but only if you sell your belongings, devote the rest of your life to him, and cut off family members who try to stop you. &gt;He also wants to change your name, advises you to leave your home/job if necessary to follow him, and says that if you don’t love him more than your own family, you’re not worthy of him. His followers wrote a book about him in which he performs many miraculous feats, but no outside source corroborates those claims. &gt;What sort of group is that?﻿
It doesn't. Sorry if it came off that way. I just don't think aging has zero impact on men's romantic success, that's all. Also, mature people generally aren't just looking for the prettiest face or fittest body. Maybe in their 20s they are, but by their 30s I feel like most people get bored and want relationships with substance. So their priorities change, and they start looking primarily for people they have a lot in common with. I for one am mostly after a meaningful connection. My beauty standards basically amount to "I can stand to kiss them with my eyes open". I mean, check out [this girl who wants to fuck Ray Bradbury](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1IxOS4VzKM). Do you think it's because Ray was ever a particularly handsome man? Shit, I'd fuck Marylin Vos Savant and she's 72.
I didn't know you could choose what seems real to you. I can't, it's a result of my evaluation of the evidence available to me. I apologize if you felt slighted though. I don't think there is anything wrong with atheism, it's the default condition for all living things.
Haha, awesome.
Some of us want those benefits in a single car. Half the insurance cost.
I really like the styling on the new Leaf. The back end anyway. Shame that they didn't learn their lesson about thermal management from the prior model years.
&gt;"I'm a current leader in LuLaRoe" You're a current leader in baloney. But she knows that know.
Not easier than being able to perform the identification immediately in your head.
Didn't that have one wheel in front, two in back?
Not if he's mentally a toddler
Just gonna say this smells like incel. It's got the insmell™ . Maybe true? Maybe false? It would be interesting to see data. But rn it insmells™.
I feel vindicated about never going outside
Thank you for these valuable, expert insights friend
Ooh I hope they have Star Tropics and Blaster Master
The holodomor was deliberate, contrary to tankie denialism. I am not going to argue with you. Probably it is not necessary and you'll spin your wheels your whole life, getting nowhere and affecting nothing. If not then the solution is war, in which one or both of us will die, but hopefully Communism is stopped so that another hundred million don't follow.
\&gt;"Portlanders talk about being good to the environment, yet they can’t imagine not having a car for commuting and/or outdoor activities. " Electric cars exist. I have one, the used early models can be had for a pittance. EDIT: What the fuck? Why was this dogpiled? We're anti-EV on here now?
5-7k for a gen 1 Leaf. 6-8k for a Spark, which would be the better option since it has a liquid cooled battery. You used to be able to get a Think City for ~3k but it seems like they were all snapped up. These prices are along the same lines as a good used gas car, although you save big on gas and maintenance.
Futurists are almost always correct about what technological *capabilities* will one day exist, when they base those predictions on a sound understanding of what the laws of physics permit. What they always get laughably wrong is how those capabilities will be used, by who, how widespread their use will be and what they will look like as actual products.
BMW i3 ReX. It has about a 100 mile range on battery and a backup gas generator for extending range. It won't QUITE go the entire distance but you'll use very little gas.
I realize it's unconstitutional but who gives a fuck what happens in Alabama? Let their kids grow up indoctrinated and then hit the brick wall of reality when they go to college out of state. If they want to disadvantage their kids that way, let them. They will pay the price in persistent multigenerational poverty and they are more than likely happy to if it means keeping a firm hold on their mental safety blanket.
Atheist for like 20 years until my continued exploration of the implications of a materialist, deterministic universe unexpectedly circled back to theism, albeit not of the Biblical variety. I think a lot of atheists arrive at the point where they are satisfied there exist materialist explanations for the origin of the universe and living things, then leave it at that and don't give existential topics much further thought. But if you keep at it, some really weird, interesting stuff awaits you.
The smart ones will figure shit out on their own and escape at the first opportunity. The not-so-smart ones never stood a chance and were going to grow up into country fried fundies no matter what efforts we made to provoke some measure of critical insight in them.
Go ask literally anybody on /r/portland.
Bless this lad. What would we do without him? We'd have no idea about incoming extreme weather, that's what. It'd be meteorological anarchy.
[Omega Point: The Meaning of Life](https://medium.com/predict/omega-point-the-meaning-of-life-e47e6dc64a6a) [The Message](https://steemit.com/science/@alexbeyman/what-the-message-was-for-me-a-startling-epiphany-about-the-meaning-of-life) [Everybody Comes Back](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/244915) [On the Beauty of Nature, and the Nature of Beauty](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/14700) [Give Me the Good News First](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/6670)
Consent is invalid in situations with a large power differential.
I've never seen a build that did this. Is there a reason for it?
There's very little to be done just yet. Right now we number only 364. This group exists in anticipation of the outcome of social changes unfolding right now, which have yet to peak. Mass apostasy from Mormonism, Jehova's Witnesses, Christianity and even Islam. When that reaches critical mass there will be a LOT of angry, disillusioned people receptive to our message and proposals.
There is no love so pure as between a man and his electric bicycle
The S8+ is huge and only fits *at all* in one of the two positions.
Many of the same ways as religion.
...? There's a large overlap between those two groups.
Welcome to the rest of your life, there is no escape.
Has anybody noticed the artist made the bus much thinner than real life? Also the bus station. And the room available to the cyclist is less than in reality. I get that if they drew everything with correct proportions it wouldn't make the point they wanted, but maybe that *is* the point.
I thought they were supposed to express truth using visual metaphor. If you have to stretch the truth to make your point, the cartoon will have the opposite effect that you want, on people who notice what you did.
&gt;"The Buddha didn't understand how to build an F16..." I did not mean it in such a narrow sense. Not future knowledge of technology, specifically, but any realization concerning nature, reality, the grand scheme of things which is not already widely known. &gt;"Your own example of pasteurization contradicts your point. Pasteurization is extremely useful and has been a boon to society." It was not a benefit to Louis in his lifetime. It was in fact hugely detrimental. &gt;"Who cares if realizing something doesn't help all humans everywhere? If it helps you personally, that's good enough." We are defining 'useful' differently I guess &gt;"One can optimize one's behaviours to be better than they currently are. Yes, there are limits to how great a person can be, and those limits partially come from the quality of the society in which the person lives." Also from human nature, which I think people settle back into no matter how determined they are to make permanent changes to themselves.
Ghandi seeks to bring about social change towards pacifism, and is presumably inspired to do so by his beliefs. Granted, that change is not being effected by convincing people of his spiritual beliefs but rather by example. Otherwise there are some clear parallels.
Hm!
Oh, I didn't know it's a state of being rather than epiphenal knowledge. How did you discover this?
It's a good point, certainly.Is it important to you to persuade me? I'm aware of what sub I posted this on, but I am still curious about your motivations. Δ User pointed out element of my argument which is to some degree self refuting
If you are not enlightened, how do you know what enlightenment is?
Enlighten me then. ;) Presumably you have attained enlightenment or you would not speak so authoritatively about it. What does it consist of?
How do you know all of this about enlightenment? Are you enlightened?
Thanks I could help, bro
Interesting contributions. I've not heard of many people concluding to nihilism as a result of psychedelics use, as it tends to illuminate meaning in everything. Often whether or not that meaning is really there. I got very different results anyway. Far from "nothing matters", I felt that "everything matters". The problem being that the first one is a practical way to live and the second one isn't. I would find it easier and more comfortable to have to create my own meaning in a meaningless universe than to be paralyzed by indecision in a universe where my every action counts.
I like you.
His reasoning then concludes to a naturalistic supreme being, rather than a supernatural one. I don't have any problem calling that God, although I understand why some might.
Oh, that's interesting. Certainly it seems like we have the choice from moment to moment to decide who we want to be, rather than allowing our history of experience to decide. Thank you for the contribution.
Settle down tiger, I'm on your side. I just replied to the wrong person.
I guess I could have been more specific. Any revelations too far ahead of what's currently understood are useless. See the puzzle assembly analogy in my post. Innovations build on each other. If you can somehow foresee an innovation too far in advance, it's not clear to anybody what it's building upon and it may operate on as yet undiscovered principles, so it will come across as a scam or the delusion of a crazy person.
I can do anything I want.
Ok. Remember to lubricate the trash chute before you go down it, a lot of people will need to use it after you.
What is "several"? Out of how many total? On what topics?
How's your battery doing?
You say that. But another poster said the only game he has which works seated is Thumper
So that's 1 game, and videos. Beat Saber does not play in an airplane seat.
\&gt;"The same needs to be oblique" What?
It would make it possible to guide people trying VR for the first time. Currently it's hard to do, since you have no idea what they are seeing.
&gt;\&gt;Hey, make it waterproof too while you're at it.&gt;Also, it should give me super powers. None of my suggestions were technologically infeasible or even difficult to implement, nor would they add burdensomely to the cost unless it had every single listed feature I guess? \&gt; I think you really don't understand what FB is trying to accomplish with the Quest. It's not supposed to be night vision goggles or a drone FPV headset. Your thread reads like that Simpsons episode where Homer designs a car, to be totally honest lol Did you mean to be rude? Can I now be rude to you in return?
Get in the trash
How do you take a religion to court for deceiving and taking advantage of their adherents for financial gain without it technically constituting the use of the court system to attack said religion? Does this mean that the ability of large organizations to deceive people for financial gain is a protected right, but only if it's an organization of a religious nature?
&gt;You are not required to give money. This is true of mainline Christianity, but there are institutionally enshrined consequences for not tithing in Mormonism. It prevents you from getting a temple recommend, for starters. &gt;"Quit being anti-religious just for the sake of it." I don't think taking financial advantage of people by deceitful means is ethical.
&gt;"In other words the court is very reluctant to stop people from believing things out of gullibility." Understandable, but that's not what's happening here. Nobody is prevented from believing anything. The church would just be prevented from using those beliefs to take financial advantage of them. &gt;"the real question is whether there is dishonesty or not, and what the representations were and were capable of being false." This is comprehensively and concretely addressed in [the CES Letter](https://cesletter.org/).
That's the way it is currently. But there is nothing which cannot be changed. The law is a reflection of public attitudes, and there's a rapid demographic change happening with respect to religious belief, and attitudes about the role and value of religion in society. I think cases like this will stand a much better chance in a few decades, though it seems some preparatory groundwork will be necessary in advance.
The core principles of a culture change over time. Those foundational documents were written by people and have been amended by people. People can bring about further changes. "It's always been that way" is not a good reason to allow deceit and exploitation to continue. With enough people who see through that and are angry enough about it, all pushing together in the same direction, many remarkable things will become possible. Seemingly permanent fixtures of society could be erased overnight, with enough power in the right hands.
It does not make sense to mine for metals within a gravity well, even one as weak as the Moon's, when you can get those same metals from asteroids with gravity wells that are so weak as to be irrelevant by comparison. That is unless you're using those metals on the Moon itself.
Hypothetical legislation preventing the church from collecting tithes or imposing penalties for those who do not tithe does not, in any way, prevent Mormons from believing that Mormonism is true.
Well this is a disappointing but unsurprising development, although it is a pretty good illustration of the cultural bias I talked about in the OP.
No stupid, I'm saying that if the church can be brought to court for breaking one law, it should be possible to bring them to court for breaking a different law. It should not be the case that they are only legally assailable if the crime is severe enough.
&gt;"and may leave the church of they don't wish to pay it." That's kind of hard to do when you're brainwashed from birth to fully believe that leaving the church results in eternal torment
Imagine the range if you put tesla battery modules into that sumbitch
I would rather just get fit than have entire industries and society itself bend over backwards to comfort me about being unfit
Chris looks like a caveman here
Andy Ngo didn't hit anybody.
How the times change.
Yes, they are. No, vigilante mobs do not suddenly become cool when they share your politics. You are human garbage.
Cool, more apartments 99% of Portlanders can't afford to live in. Chinese investors should really enjoy the benefits though
Pay me first, to waste my time on you.
It's amazing how many people with zero medical credentials feel qualified to decide who is legitimately disabled and who isn't. Often it boils down to who they personally find likable.
I appreciate this, except that it is likely to provoke an aggressive response if an anti-vaxxer sees it in public. And in the heat of the moment they may not realize it's inappropriate for their aggression to be directed at the child just because he or she is the one wearing the shirt.
That goes by in the blink of an eye with a VR headset on.
It is just a way for the religious to caricature atheism as a product of immaturity rather than address any arguments against the foundational claims of their faith.
A guy in another thread said the video of the asian gay journalist being beaten up was a deep fake.
It says a lot that this is mild for this sub.
Hundreds of millions? I think the Soviets killed 100 million and the Nazis killed 11 million. Am I missing something? Are they counting all ww2 deaths on both sides or considering Communism to be a type of fascism?
That is the Doylist answer but it ignores there are perfectly good Watsonian answers too as the space gun is based on real design reference studies.
Because otherwise it's a perpetual motion machine. There's got to be a finite fuel source here. &gt;"And in any case why expend energy extracting oxygen rather than just putting it straight into propulsion." Because it's an ambient resource in situ. If you can collect oxygen from your surroundings, you don't need to carry it onboard, which makes more room for hydrogen storage. Since hydrolysis is a lossy process and PEMs aren't 100% efficient you'd need to carry more hydrogen, but there may be safety benefits, like not carrying both halves of an explosive reaction onboard
Isn't this solvable by just scaling up the onboard hydrogen storage? You need a bigger sub, but you avoid carrying two substances onboard which explode when combined. There may be safety advantages
Yes, to apologize in person and show my dedication by working late if possible
Just get buried with a cache of guns, armor and ammunition. By ancient pharaoh logic some of that stuff goes to the other side with you.
&gt;*"I'm still unlearning shit that got engained into me during that time."* You're [not alone](https://medium.com/@alexbeyman/six-terrible-childhood-lessons-im-still-trying-to-un-learn-dc1dcea42daa) in that struggle
They don't impact the longevity of the gas engine, that's what I think they were getting at. The electric drivetrain is going to outlast the car. The gas drivetrain is the question mark in used cars. What I wanna know is, did Toyota even make a plug-in Prius in 2007?
Everybody figures you mean the mind uploading aspect. But if what you mean is the underwater setting, then The Abyss, Deepstar Six and Leviathan.
I don't feel this is necessary. Adherence is already plummeting in the US following the trajectory of declining belief in Europe some decades before. There is no need to do something risky like creating an organization to accelerate the process when we might lose control of it. Just play the long game. We won when the internet reached a majority of US homes since little Timmy could now investigate the basis for scriptural claims from sources outside the church with a few clicks. That victory has simply unfolded in slow motion. Google reveals basically every ministry is aware of this "problem" but unable to effectively counter it because they cannot accept the cause: that their religion is false and the internet makes it easy to discover that. In denial about this, they instead propose solutions like appealing to millennials through memes, recent music, modernizing the church's online presence and so on. Until they do something like persuading converts to eliminate the internet from their lives (under the pretense of escaping its toxic influence and reconnecting socially with other humans) this trend will not reverse or even slow down. Basically they need to wake up to the fact that they do indeed have something to hide and do a better job of hiding it, like the Mormons, Scientologists and JWs. But this would require conscious acceptance that their faith is on shaky ground, perhaps an impassable cognitive barrier for them. Eventually their numbers will dwindle until only a solid immovable core of perhaps a couple hundred thousand believers remain. At which point they will be steeply outnumbered, surrounded by a culture which has turned against them. It will then be possible to take out our frustrations on those final few, who will accept it gladly believing it signifies the end times right up until the last one looks at the sky in dismay that Jesus did not return to save them.
Does she let you buy a Millenium Falcon lego set to put together in the other room when her boyfriend comes over
I drive an electric car charged from rooftop panels in a state that gets 40% of its power from hydroelectricity and 0% from coal actually. I care somewhat or I wouldn't own a printer but my solution is to improve technology, not abolish it.
God damn that looks good. Why does camp food always look so damn good.
&gt;but yet, the Catholic church and all forms of religion are still here. The amount of people being religious is declining, but that doesn't mean that it will fall all the way to the bottom. Did you read my post all the way through? I said the same thing. You even quoted it later in your post. How can I believe it will fall to zero when I have written earlier that it will be reduced only to a firm core of immovable die-hard adherents? If you read my post at the same time you were writing your reply, this makes more sense but then you should go back and rewrite earlier portions. Sorry to grouse, it's a pet peeve. &gt;"The USA has something like 50% Christians (10% I think I remember saying where fundamentalists). Right now the Government and other facets of it, are not filled with rational and particularly sane people. Many of them are super religious, regardless of Democrat or Republican." Sure but they're not immortal, they will die of old age and be replaced by overwhelmingly irreligious people if stats for self professed belief and church attendance for Americans under 30 is any indication &gt;"What I suggest or maybe offer, is that to change these numbers in the places where it does matter could be done through the amount of pressure of capitalism used against the religious foundations." I get you had this idea that you find really compelling. I don't in any way mean to disparage you by saying I am not convinced of it. But you do you. If you think it'll help, knock yourself out. I have different ideas. &gt;"Religion may decline over the years, but it is the lack of education, which the USA has many issues with its public education and its love for reviving spiritualism every so often. I highly doubt the internet alone can change everything on its own, not that it is vital or important...." https://www.pewforum.org/2019/10/17/in-u-s-decline-of-christianity-continues-at-rapid-pace/ It has already steeply declined, and the transition from slow leak into free-fall coincided almost exactly with the arrival of affordable home internet services in the early 1990s
Ha, I remember doing this nonsense. It makes me glad Insight is a thing now.
ok I prayed. Did that fix it?
If one accepted this proves a cause of the big bang with nothing before it is logically necessary, how do you get from that to a conscious being with personality and intention?
Yeah but ongoing, and convincing
Fucking men, always trying to perpetuate humanity
When I moved out, it was mostly because I simply wanted self determination. It is overly expensive for relatively few benefits but 3d printed housing may change that.
It is provably changeable though, which sexuality is not.
Automatic prison time for independently verified bullies older than 18, automatic juvie for under-18s, death penalty for repeat offenders. We do not need people like that in society, causing lasting psychological scars for a majority of people. If they cannot be reformed they are better off dead.
Turns out, the great cosmic punchline is that god is you, and everybody else ever to live. Where do you direct your anger then?
Because Yahweh has conspicuously conservative politics. Thinks gays are gross, relegates women to subservient helpers, likes the smell of burning meat, commands children to be obedient under penalty of death, doesn't want women wearing pants, etc. If Yahweh is real, it's very good for conservatives. So they believe it, because they want it to be true. If climate change is real, it has adverse implications for wealthy industrialists and those who are allied with them. That's bad for conservatives, so they disbelieve it. This seems like looney tunes logic if you don't know that people intentionally prevented in their youth from learning how to evaluate claims and discern truth from falsehood think that truth is something important men in suits and labcoats vote on somewhere dark and secluded. "I don't know how to determine what is true" translates in their mind to "nobody knows how to determine what's true", which equals "any official claims of truth are just posturing". This is also why they are fond of solipsist lines of argument which strategically make use of definitions of truth which are impossible to satisfy, but which are also not used outside of logic or mathematics.
Oh, that's a letdown. Still sufficient for garbage routes though.
Luckily this isn't necessary in my state as we have anti-ICEing laws. Just wait for them to leave the lot, call in their plate to the parking authority and they get a $250 fine in the mail. I've only done it once, when it was a very obvious case of spite motivated ICEing covering two spots. Usually I just leave a note informing them about the law, when it went into effect and how much the fine is.
I think this is the right formula for a new Terminator game, now that Terminator: Resistance did the Future War justice, but not for a movie. The next movie needs to be a full, proper Future War film or they shouldn't bother.
There is no way out while you're still living with them and financially dependent. The smart course of action is to fool them, because they do not deserve honesty. Pretend to have a change of heart. Study the Qur'an, worship at mosque, etc. It will make your life easier and diminish their suspicion, so that they won't be prepared to stop you when an opportunity arises to escape their control.
Robots vs. robots vs. humans
Barefoot Motors makes good electric quads.
Temporarily losing about 1/3rd of your range in the winter months, then another 1/3rd if you run the heater while driving rather than pre-heating. It's a bit better if you run the heater on eco though
If your pack is liquid cooled, this is not really something you need to worry about. The pack will outlast the car.
Also known as metabolism
Commission an underwater city
I am aware Iran has a space program. I never said otherwise. Only that, to my knowledge, that animal stuff is about the furthest they have gotten with space exploration.
Prepare him to invest and trade crypto, sell during the first big BTC boom, and invest the profits into tesla stock
To indicate position and direction to HK Aerials in the event communications are disrupted
I've seen this in /r/exmuslim also, insecure Muslims accusing everybody of being Mossad shills. Is that a real thing for any religion? Does anybody pay you to pretend you left a religion? Who would do that and for what purpose?
Good, fuck wasps forever
Escaped into space ASAP
Oh baby
[https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/244915](https://www.inkitt.com/stories/scifi/244915)
Thanks for the update, very interesting stuff
How obscure. Did you find it by chance or were you specifically looking for one?
Is that...a smartwatch display?
I member this map from Halo 2
Good on you. If you go back, keep an eye out for instigators. Somebody keeps sending people to these protests with a clear agenda to start shit.
Wow, there's a lot of assumptions here. Let's unpack them. &gt;"Nothing was discovered while fucked p on drugs, things were discovered and then junkies tried to justify using their drugs by claiming they hallucinated it first." First of all, the term "junkie" here seems to indicate you view all drugs as identically addictive/harmful. Psychedelics are not chemically addictive. They cause no physiological harms. They are like weed in this respect but more constructive. Any source you choose will confirm this is true, you only have to look it up. Second, to conclude what you have, you must assume everybody involved is a liar. Kary Mullis, the scientist who discovered PCR (polymerase chain reaction, a method for rapidly mass-copying small sections of DNA which facilitates sequencing) credits LSD for helping him make difficult, but crucial mental connections without which it wouldn't have occurred to him. Is Kary Mullis a "junkie"? You fundamentally misunderstand the effects of psychedelic substances if you're assuming they belong in the same category as, say, meth or heroin. I remember I thought the same way you did, many years ago. My clarity of thought and perception was the most precious thing to me. The idea of adulterating that clarity in any way terrified me. I imagined that only the sober mind directly perceives reality. But it doesn't. Nobody directly perceives reality. The information coming in through our senses is processed and integrated before it reaches us as conscious sensory experience. The sensory experience of other animals is known to be different. Many species for example see different portions of the light spectrum. Many have far superior senses of smell which they rely on primarily in the way we rely on sight. The fact that we dream shows that the human brain has the natural capacity to fabricate apparently real experiences while unconscious in the same way it fabricates our conscious experience from sensory data. It really is a shame to have your attitude. Do you want to be the same person in fifty years that you are today? At the rate you're going, you will be. Personal growth is impossible for someone with your outlook. You will never have any new ideas, you will never change your mind about anything. A rigid, mentally frozen person, as if running on a firmware which cannot be rewritten. Do you think you will live forever? If you accept that you have perhaps a couple of decades of life remaining, as the rest of us do, what do you have to lose in experimenting with the temporary customization of your brain chemistry? You don't die. You don't get sick, you don't get addicted. Drugs are not identical. Different compounds have radically different effects. Some harmful, yet legal, like alcohol and nicotine. Yet others are illegal despite being harmless, like psilocybin and lysergamides. Is it that terrifying a prospect to have one truly remarkable experience before you die? To lose control for just a few hours and see what your own brain contains, which you'd forgotten about? Patterns of meaning illuminated by a state of temporary hyperconnectivity you cannot experience any other way, besides perhaps dedicating yourself to meditation for several decades? &gt;"If they hallucinated it before it was discovered, then why does science work and junkies are just dying from their own stupid decisions?" What you've written here is a non-sequitor. First, nobody has died from mushrooms or LSD. They aren't chemically addictive, nor do they cause any physiological harms. You can independently verify this from any source you personally trust. If you assume wrongly that all schedule 1 drugs have the same effects I could understand your mindset, but that's not true. Second, I am not saying discovery of totally unknown truths happens through the use of psychedelics. I in fact carefully said the opposite in a post you perhaps didn't finish reading before writing your reply. What I said was, psychedelics induce a state of enhanced pattern recognition, of neurological hyperconnectivity which illuminates connections between pieces of information ***already known to you***. It's the connections that you didn't see before. Third, "Why does science work"? What does that mean? Psychedelic exploration is not an alternative to science. It is a way to check the contents of your own memories for meaningful patterns in information you discovered by scientific means. Patterns which might not yet have occurred to you. It's a messy process and most of those patterns are false positives. But occasionally, you strike gold. This is why it's important to keep a record of these ideas which you then study, post-trip. Tossing most of them out, but keeping the ones that still make sense even after you've come down. This has proven an invaluable tool for persons smarter than either of us and has, as a matter of fact which your refusal to believe makes no difference to the validity of, led to valuable epiphanies and revolutionary technologies. If you can overcome your stubbornness one day and trip, even one time, you will return to apologize for your attitude. I guarantee you that. You will recognize within the span of about seven hours that everything I have patiently told you here is true and valuable information, which I took the time to spoon feed you despite your insufferable personality, when I could have just told you to get fucked and gotten on with my day. Hopefully your curiosity is piqued and we can have that conversation sometime in the next couple of years. Until then you might research the matter on your own time. You won't have to look far to discover that psychedelics are not, by any stretch of the imagination, comparable to hard drugs like you seem to believe. Literally any source you look at will tell you I'm right about this. You will also, in the process of that research, likely stumble across a great deal of articles recounting the therapeutic benefits of psilocybin for depression and PTSD, the artistic value of these compounds and their utility in provoking novel ideation. This can change your life if you allow it. Or you can go on being you.
You...get to see that in Terminator 3D. But it's pretty silly tbh.
You're one of a couple people so far in this thread to say "Agreed, except..." So far we have porn, law enforcement and eating meat which are objectively bad and ok to judge other people for. Keep going, if we make it to 10 we can start our own religion
Haha, as expected from you. Nobody can say I didn't try. I do hope you eventually unfuck yourself so we can have this convo again. I expect it will go very differently the second time.
1. Prove it, then. 2. Wouldn't the relevant field, in fact, be neurochemistry?
Yeah weird to see. Lived near one of their temples when I was in FL. Was surprised at the time somebody named a religion after that sound Jontron makes.
Implantuino? Aren't you worried about having it become useless and hard to remove once the battery dies
Thanks for this. I have a cabin I'm converting over to solar power. This summer originally but thanks to covid probably next summer. The goal is to have the cabin be solar and battery powered using a lake water circulation pump and radiator for cooling the interior, and electrifying the boat which is basically only used for trips of 2 miles or so between cabin and marina. I was considering just going with a Tesla power wall tbh since it's a turnkey solution and actually very fairly priced. But I will have a look at used EV batteries too (which is what power walls are inside iirc)
How exactly does "completely restructuring global economic systems" (aka major governments all become communist) help the climate?
To children it seems ancient
Just over 50% of US Christians are YEC. Less than you seem to think but also drastically more than moderate Christians tend to estimate, probably out of a desire to sweep their embarrassing cousins under the rug. Although the YECs have a more accurate view of how Genesis was intended to be taken by the authors, given that elsewhere in scripture it's very explicit that nature is supposedly manually engineered by God and this is supposed to be obvious to everybody, just by looking at it.
Pretty sure it's intended for use mainly with gamepad. When emulating a Wiimote you don't actually see the controller
Leave the poor dumb lady alone
These have become such a rare sight since Barefoot Motors shut down. Hopefully the Tesla cyberquad inspires more companies to enter that space. Btw it looks like there's room for a second Bolt battery module if you wanted to double em up. Do you plan to? Also aren't you concerned about the unsprung weight issue, converting the cafe racer to a hub motor? Oh, and do you have a Youtube channel? I'd love to sub if so.
"What is the unknown reason" I guess was my point of confusion
So was Muhammad. Shall we tear down mosques?
It's easier to make a case for legalizing something which grows in the wild. LSD is just as harmless but it has to be made in a lab, though its precursors exist in many plants. With mushrooms the ban is just all the more absurd because not only are you telling people they can't make use of a harmless substance, but it's also one which likely grows in their garden much of the year, depending where they live.
It isn't only statues being targeted, but monuments. (see: discussions/defenses/instructions for toppling the Washington monument) Churches, temples, etc. are monuments, ostensibly glorifying the founder of their respective religions at least in the case of Judaism, Mormonism, and Islam. A mosque is therefore a monument glorifying a man who owned slaves.
If you'd used a wheel from a Buick Verano you could've also gotten heated grips.
Wrote an article on this once. I wish rail travel could still be like this
&gt;The problem is that for trips like London to Edinburgh where they should shine, they are more expensive than air travel, to the point where it can be uneconomic to travel by air. This sentence confuses me. If it's uneconomic to travel by air in that situation wouldn't that mean air travel is more expensive than train travel in this instance rather than the reverse?
Oh I see. Weird economic situation to make that happen.
It's really difficult. Your attention is scattered everywhere. You need to mentally re-discover the nerve pathways to your junk and actively focus on what you're doing with your lady friend to make the sexy time part of your brain remember it exists, that you're a human, that she is a human too, etc. The last time I attempted this my body decided I was a cocktopus where all my tentacles were dicks but none of them were sexualized, just weiner appendages for holding TV remotes or whatever. Entities appearing as geometric CEV patterns scolded me for trying to get sexy in hyperspace where they had to look at it. I came away feeling I should focus more of my time and energy on constructive pursuits and put my sexuality on a shelf until my conditions were meaningfully improved
5 at that time, though the prior dose was 2 and I didn't feel remotely sexual on that
Would you liken it to how all the little eyes within a compound eye see their own narrow, limited perspective, while together they see the big picture
This is like being afraid of bears after a bear mauls you, then feeling guilty about your fear. It is a rational reaction. Bears are actually dangerous. You were taken for a ride, in a big way. You should be angry. That is a healthy, valid feeling in this situation. There are others like you who are tired of being told to take the high road, because that's how the church keeps getting away with it for literal centuries upon centuries. /r/antitheistparty
I took a hot bath on 5 with the lights off &amp; evolved into an amphibious alien like that one weird episode of TNG
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_monuments_and_memorials_removed_during_the_George_Floyd_protests#United_States Of these, the following are not statues but abstract monuments: -Athens Confederate Monument, Georgia -Slave auction block, Fredricksburg Virginia -Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Indianapolis, Indiana -Monument toeConfederate War Soldiers, Ft. Worth
I'd rather have it out here in the open. Although so far I feel you have been talking past me. I have raised many points I feel are compelling which I would like to see directly addressed and either rebutted or conceded.
People like you wrongly imagine such movements are under your control just because you're a member/supportive of it. Many such people have been killed by the revolutions they took part in.
How did he not see the train? It would only make sense if he crossed from the other side, such that astroturf car blocked the approaching train from view.
What's worse is that their surviving kin will learn nothing from this.
That's an unfair assumption. Some of them might be on meth.
Necroing this thread to add in that setting Low Latency Mode to On under Manage 3D Settings in Nvidia Control Panel offers even more performance improvement over the steps already listed here.
&gt;"when she stepped out to tell her story she emphasizes about her rapist's religious background" She didn't "emphasize" it, she included that detail because it's why the authorities didn't want to pursue the case, something there's ample documented evidence of in Europe (Rotherham, Rochdale, Telford, Oxford, Banbury, Derby, Bristol, Newcastle, Halifax, Peterborough, Berkhamsted, Norwich, Manchester) &gt;"dont u think its weird how she talked about his religious background?" No, because see above. It's the reason why many rape cases are shelved rather than properly investigated, for fear of racism accusations. &gt;"You will be suprised by the number of people out there who are just waiting for an opportunity to shit on muslims just because they re from different backgrounds than them rather than shit on islam." The existence of such people is irrelevant to this situation. You can't let your anger with people like that cloud your judgement when it comes to cases like this. That's biased thinking. &gt;"Which is why leftists tend to be a bit skeptical about how islam criticism, muslims arent in a positions of power in western countries which is why i think there might be some fallacies in her story." They're skeptical because they are brainwashed to defend Islam. They don't even know why. You're saying all this either because you're one of them, or you've raped someone and depend upon the chilling effect against #metoo accusations directed at PoC seen in this video to get away with it. Neither is a good reason to be "skeptical" of rape, in particular for people who coined "believe women".
