Shake Shack is its own thing, and the lines are always too long to justify it.
It's good but I think its popularity is more due to the decline of good diner burgers than to it being a majorly amazing burger. It's a reliably good burger, nothing amazing.
Hey, I'm also a theater musician, saw this too late. Hit me up if this kinda thing happens again. I am definitely not a serial killer, as Local 802 has a strict policy regarding murdering other musicians.
I think it is remarkably suspicious that most people's racial preferences happen to conform to some common bigotries. You don't see a lot of "no asian women" or "no white men" after all.
You must not remember the 8 straight years that the GOP spent trying to find SOMETHING to impeach Clinton with, while Rush Limbaugh called Chelsea Clinton a Dog, the House majority leader was calling the president a shifty, lying rapist, the republicans staging a government shutdown, lengthy impeachment trials that ruined a young intern's life, the abortion clinic bombings...
Oh, I don't think Reagan was the worst president. He's just my personal least favorite. Or, to put it another way: Republicans think he was good for the country, but he wasn't good for the country. He was good for the GOP.
Talking about when it first appeared. there was an outbreak in 1976 and within months congress and the president had allocated a task force and a large amount of funding. This "we didn't know what it was" excuse is horseshit. When a mysterious disease shows up in several major US cities and kills a thousand people with no clear vector for the disease, *you do something about it*.
I personally think the term limit is unnecessary. The presidency has a learning curve of several years. Our term limits routinely purge institutional knowledge, derail long-term initiatives, and cause major electoral issues when unfavorable candidates are running in place of an extremely popular incumbent who's hit the term limit (2000, 2016). Our two biggest clusterfucks of elections happened when a popular, competent president who likely could've coasted to a third term was constrained.
Of course, an unintended consequence of the IHS was that almost every city that took those funds used them to build the highways straight through minority neighborhoods, or else to cut off minority neighborhoods from the economic lifeblood of the city. Almost every blighted inner city from the 1960s onward can be traced in part to the IHS. Obviously he couldn't have foreseen that effect, but it is an interesting other side of that legacy. Yes, Eisenhower gave the country one of its biggest infrastructural updates in history, but he also inadvertently destroyed many of our cities (and/or neighborhoods within those cities) for generations.
Proof? Also, we are talking about what he did as president, not previous to that...so your proof would be irrelevant to the issue at hand. Still interested to know though.
Yes, congress (a democratic congress...) approved funding increases each year. But. Look at the details of how funding was approved/allocated, and you'll see that the CDC - which was doing the majority of the research on this - was hamstrung, and that the most knowledgeable scientists on this were severely hampered in their efforts. If you look all over this thread, you'll notice that I mention the CDC several times. You'll also notice that even though they were doing the majority of the work on the virus (particularly in the early years), they received the least amount of funding increase and were largely shut off from the grants being issued. Notice that the "quarantine" efforts until 86-87 were limited to local governments, most of which were doing little to nothing. The most noticeable thing about the AIDS crisis is the lack of coordination at the executive level. At no point during the virus's spread (prior to Rock Hudson's death) did the president or someone on his team so much as sit down and say "we need to coordinate our efforts and agencies, how do we do that?" I hate to cite it again but it is considered the definitive historical text on institutional failures during the AIDS crisis - *And The Band Played On* goes into great detail about the clusterfuck that resulted due to total silence at the top, and the ways in which the efforts you outline above were uncoordinated, underfunded, and often practically designed for failure.
I will credit Tip, because congress passed the funds on their own initiative with no direction or request from the executive branch, at the same time that Reagan was directing HHS to trim funds anywhere they could. And Koop was practically going rogue at times. What, do you want Ed Koch to get credit for Equity Fights AIDS and other organizations that popped up in lieu of mayoral leadership? Reagan had several opportunities to take leadership and instead dragged his feet. It is the universal consensus of the scientific and historical community that he was remarkably absent and inactive during the crisis, and that his policies actively hampered efforts. The fact that you can find ways that he either didn't veto funding cuts or did the bare minimum doesn't in any way negate that.
Almost all the songs off of his first two records are explicitly about a single woman - his ex-wife. She divorced him at the tail end of a Genesis tour. He came home from a lengthy world tour to a home devoid of his wife and children, and spent several weeks just writing songs about feeling lonely and abandoned.
Primorski lunch special in Brighton Beach. Amazing food, less than ten bucks a head.
It's not reviving, but it's an indicator of overall strength and it's undeniably pushing the popularity forward by a decent leap.
Harlem is a relatively nice neighborhood that's been growing and bustling for over a decade. What exactly do you mean by comparing a bad neighborhood to "Harlem"?
I'm in agreement with this guy, you're pretty fantastic and this is one of my favorite subs.
Yeah, cigarettes don't like being called that nowadays.
I'll start with one: Los Angeles' subway system is actually pretty fantastic. Coupled with uber/Lyft you can affordably get to almost any major spot within city limits using it.
"History is happening in Manhattan / and we just happen to be / in the greatest city in the world [as of right now, and prior to the Chicago World's Fair]"
You know a lot of us like to be a little self-parodying around here but I get the feeling this is unintentional with you
I meant the incessant trash-talking
It's definitely more prevalent in certain cities. D.C. and Los Angeles especially.
Please show a single indication that his silence from 1982-1985 was intended to prevent panic. If that was his intention, btw, he was massively unsuccessful. By the time he addressed it there were tens of thousands infected with a fatal illness, a tainted blood supply, dentists changing procedures for checkups, an even more stigmatized gay population, and a general population at risk of dying from sex. People were FREAKING OUT - far more than they would have been had he addressed it when it was a semi-contained new disease.
If we weren't on the internet I'd already have pushed you out my way and muttered under my breath.
You may not think you all talk like that, but I grew up in and visit SoCal several times a year and can assure you that that that sketch is basically a sober documentary about California.
...Long Island isn't a neighborhood. It's a separate collection of cities and two different counties with a totally different culture. For the most part it's a separate land mass, too. Staten Island also isn't a neighborhood. It's a borough, located 30 minutes away from the rest of the city and accessible *by boat*. Culturally and geographically it has nothing to do with us and is part of the city via an accident of history. You are a remarkably mean, rude, and bitter person, and I don't enjoy conversing with you. Given that you are making post after post here with the same tone, I'd imagine I'm not the only person who feels this way about you.
I'm sorry you have had such a negative experience. Why do you feel the need to give other people - who've done nothing at all to provoke that negativity other than being from this place that other people you dislike are from - such a negative experience too? Why do you feel like it gives you license to personally insult someone you've never met?
This guy's just been going around responding to literally every comment about NYC by calling me a piece of shit. I think maybe the Statue of Liberty stole his watch or something.
Hey, I'm not a total stereotype! My dog only sees a therapist twice a week, max.
I'm starting to suspect, based on this and a hundred other comments like it I've seen on this sub, that "deeply resenting California for odd reasons" is a true Michigan stereotype.
Bugs and/or vermin are nearly inevitable, so when you're seeing the place for the first time and asking questions to see if it's the right fit, don't ask "are there bugs?" or something like that. Ask "what is the frequency of bug sightings?" Yes, some places don't have bugs. But most do, and the issue is whether you see one a week or three a year.
I love urban Texas. Every time I visit Texas and tell people what a great time I'm having and how much more cultured and tolerant and awesome Texas is compared to stereotypes, they usually say "yeah, that'll change pretty fast if you just drive thirty minutes in any direction."
Our benevolent mod is from Detroit. Play nice
Edited to add link
I mean, this is a thread about The Biggest Loser, why wouldn't I link to an article about it? Anyway this is not an new topic for me. Scientific literature typically finds the most success for small amounts of weight loss, and even then long-term success is rare, which suggests we need to look at environmental changes and incremental lifestyle changes rather than a calories-and-willpower mentality, at least for the majority of people who already find themselves both overweight and at risk for metabolic disease.
You've decided to commit a significant portion of your day-to-day life to not being fat. Your description makes it clear that losing weight and keeping it off is practically a *job* for you and requires endless diligence. That only adds to the point many of us are making - that significant, lasting weight loss is not only not easy, but it is difficult to the point that we should perhaps not expect it from people who don't want to devote every waking day of their lives to such a goal.
Note the word "permanent" there Actually, yeah, if a study found that 90% of smokers that quit don't sustain that, saying "staying off cigarettes is unsustainable for 90% of people" is exactly what I would say, because it would be descriptive and correct in that sense. Why shouldn't I put statistics in the form of a sentence?
Yes
The musical is largely about class and misogyny. You can't write about misogyny without having a misogynist
How about this: you rarely see anything other than handguns on cops in big dense Northern cities. These guns are much bigger and much more conspicuous than those and closely resemble the guns you see in pictures of big scary army people holding big scary big boy guns. Have I satisfied you yet? Or do you have another pedantic complaint? You knew what I meant several comments ago, you just wanted to swing your "NYC folk don't know nothin' 'bout guns" dick around to make a point. You made the point. Congratulations. You get a big boy cookie.
Are you replying to the wrong comment or something?
/r/OkCupid gives great profile feedback Also I was recently in the same boat as you. There is a world of booty out there ready to heal you. Have faith.
Step 1 - Dress nice Step 2 - Go out with friends Step 3 - Have friends take some pictures of you Repeat 3 or more times with different outfits/locations. Congratulations, new photos. Don't be so picky about the light and weather conditions buddy, this ain't a feature film. If you really want to take advantage of the golden hour go for an early morning hike and have a friend take a photo of you during.
I forgot how amazing that cry thread was.
You'd be surprised how often good writers sneak those things by you. Arthur Laurents probably did it better than anyone.
I've had it happen with 1-2 women - some really inappropriate, melt-down, blame-y messages - but nothing remotely on a par with what women on OKC see on an almost weekly basis.
Ugh, I hate it when I share the wrong lonk
She's (he's?) obviously a troll, her entire comment history is basically the n-word with some other stuff. Pay no heed. We all say "convo".
I got downvoted because of my mocking tone. I've made the exact same point elsewhere in this thread with the exact opposite karma results. Anyway, I don't give a shit if butt hurt dudes downvote me. "Wah, someone I've never met stopped talking to me on the internet. Call a doctor."
I realize you'll downvote me for this, but the reason is that *Dunkin is not especially good*. In my entire life I've never had a donut from a donut shop that wasn't better than Dunkin. Synthetic texture, janky mouthfeel on the frosting, and real lack of depth in flavors. I'll still eat it, but let's not kid ourselves here.
I'm legally obligated to shit on California, but I want to dispel a few things I'm seeing here that I think are rather silly (or downright wrong): 1) Urban California has seen constant economic growth for awhile. People move there because of how desirable it is and how good quality of life is there. Even with regulations the job market there is fantastic. That's one of the reasons cost of living is so high - competition, largely driven by real estate. They aren't moving to your state because their "overly restrictive laws" fucked everything up for them, they're moving because *what they did worked economically, and now EVERYBODY wants to live there*. 2) Yeah, it's relatively tough to get guns there. You know what's easy to get? Alcohol, any day of the week and any time and at any drugstore or supermarket. Legal recreational weed. Gay rights. An affordable 4-year college education at a *highly* reputable state college. Gun rights are not the only rights, and a lot of Americans consider other, less well-protected rights (in most of the states) to be of higher priority. Having guns has not protected our citizens from mass incarceration, but you know what helps undo that? Decriminalized (and then legal!) weed. I find it rich when people from states with the highest incarceration rates try to lecture blue states on how un-free they are.
A Jewish school should absolutely have an evacuation procedure. And - I say this as a Jew myself and having family who work at Jewish schools - as a new teacher but especially one working for a Jewish school, you need to learn how to say no because Jewish school admin is a give a mouse a cookie situation taken to extremes I've never seen anywhere else. And if they are orthodox enough to have weird gender stuff and you're not comfortable with that you have got to shut that down sooner rather than later. I realize how this will come across, but nonetheless: the disadvantage of working with Orthodox Jews is that they will ask for totally inappropriate things, but the great thing about working with them is that they understand and respect "no" and often even *expect *a certain level of pushback.
The night she died, Billy Elliot went forward with the song "Merry Christmas Maggie Thatcher", which looks forward to her death and says they'll cheer it. The audience cheered. Imagine your country cheering your death.
The Californian in me says: spicy pork cemita The Jew in me says: a Chinese assortment, eaten family-style The New Yorker in me says: I'll have what the Jew's having
While this *can* be true, it's often more true that certain things that they need to do for their career can often look like selfish egotism, even though it's purely a career-oriented move. For example - a lead actor is only as good as their drawing power and name recognition. So getting top billing and leveraging their social media presence and attending endless awards shows is *part of their job*.
Well jeez, now someone tells me
Not yet I'm not
IMO, musical theater songs make the most sense and are the most enjoyable *in the context of* the shows they were written for. I would recommend tracking down some videos of productions and film versions. Unfortunately there are many different versions of each show out there, some good and some terrible, so I'm trying to provide some additional identifying information here so you can tell them apart. For my money, the best ones out there are: Into the Woods - not the Disney movie (meh), but the DVD of the original Broadway Cast, starring Bernadette Peters West Side Story - the 1961 film Gypsy - the TV movie starring Bette Midler, from 1993 (or was it 1994?) Little Shop of Horrors - the 1980s film with Rick Moranis Pippin - the recording of the original production starring Ben Vereen Cabaret - the 1973 film starring Liza Minnelli The Sound of the Music - the film starring Julie Andrews South Pacific - the taping of the lincoln center production starring Kelli O'Hara Sweeney Todd - there's no definitive version of this out there...the Johnny Depp movie is decent but is missing some stuff and Helena Bonham Carter blows chunks in it. I'd recommend either of the videos that have George Hearn Company - the PBS broadcast with Raul Esparza Peter Pan - the TV Broadcast with Mary Martin (either version, though I prefer the one in color...steer clear of Cathy Rigby) In general, avoid all of the NBC live productions I'm not a fan but if you want to try Les Miserables you can't do better than the broadcast of the ~~25th ~~ 10th Anniversary concert The film of Fiddler on the Roof is a big of a long haul but it is excellent Singin in the Rain My Fair Lady - the film starring Rex Harrison Keep in mind as you're going through these that musical theater is not a *genre*, but an entire medium unto itself. So if you don't like something, it doesn't mean you don't like musicals. Some musicals are Horrors. Some are feel-good romps. Some are biting satire. Some scores are peppy golden age fun. Some are big band. Some are alternative rock. Some are hip-hop. Some are late-60s pop. Welcome!
One thing you may find helpful is not just to focus on your weight loss but to accept your body *as it is* in the meanwhile. Don't be afraid to have sex or go swimming or whatever. Try and enjoy this time in your life regardless of being (hopefully just temporarily) this fat because guess what? You don't get that time back. And the more you love and take care of yourself and your body now, the better your chances of being healthy later.
Resting metabolism alters for people who've been fat. And it alters even more for people who've lost significant amounts of weight. Meaning that sometimes maintaining a large weight loss means consuming 500 or even 800 calories less than someone else your size would eat, per day. Conservation of energy doesn't change, the *system that processes that energy* does.
YouTube, baby
They're all like these girls, deep inside: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zKdYyM-xQrQ
The musical theater types, the movie critics, and people in general. As I said to myself while watching the film of Rent, "this is what people who don't like musicals think rock musicals are like." There's no point recommending something that we know has a mixed success record. It's like if someone wants to get into the Beatles, so we recommend the universally panned film of Sergeant Pepper's.
Who am I blaming? I'm thin. It's telling that you think the only reason someone could possibly be interested in the other side is as a defensive mechanism because they're fat. It's clear you have zero empathy. Anyhow, it's nice that you're unable to absorb scientific data. Typical weak-minded bullshit, as you would say.
I never said any of those things bro
Here's a (layman's) source on resting metabolic rates after a major weight loss. The issue here is that you're focusing on the idea of "eating too much" without asking yourself what exactly "too much" means. Is it "the normal amount for an adult your size to not feel like they're starving", or is it "the absolute minimum amount of calories your body can process before it begins to store them as fat"? Because oftentimes, the former and the latter don't align, which means that for a formerly obese person to *stay* thin often requires far, far more willpower - and constant vigilance and self-denial - than a thin person is asked to expend on the same results. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/05/02/health/biggest-loser-weight-loss.html
It isn't fairly true. It relies on ignoring a whole host of causes and complicating factors.
That's what I'm saying.
1) Have clearly defined rules and boundaries from the get-go for the house, especially with mess and sex and all that. 2) expect a certain level of bullshit. 3) for meal prep: get a crock pot, a toaster oven, and a magic bullet.
LPT: use your bare hands and then rub your partner's face when she gets home
Any kid you raise who's dependent on you is your real kid. They're a fucking child. It's not their fault that their mom slept with someone else. And I couldn't imagine loving a kid for five years and then abandoning or shunning them just because they aren't made of my splooge. Jesus Christ man.
You haven't had enough bad pizza, then. Strangely enough, the worst pizza I ever had was just outside NYC, at Frankie and Fanucci's. I couldn't finish a single slice. I'm still angry thinking about it. Fuck those guys. I hope they die and burn in hell for what their pizza did to my happiness.
"When your entire world falls apart" Boy, it must be terrible having your world fall apart. Like being five and having your father decide he's not your father and he doesn't love you anymore. Yeah, I don't know how a person would recover from that. Oh wait no you meant the adult man who is able to suck it up and do right by a child, right?
That's what spokespeople of the religious right in the USA thought, too.
I'm curious where you got that 3% stat from.
Excellent. Based on your flair I'd say a good industry for you to go into here would be Presidential Advisor. Here are your papers. Welcome to America!
In addition to what other people said: Just because a majority of people think it's crap doesn't mean it's not a huge, essential draw for a bunch of other people.
Plz update if he ever breaks his arms
Time for him to start banging his grandmother, I guess.
If we are saying "get the fuck out of the way," it's because you missed the first two times we shouted "excuse me!"
He can cast aside the wife. He can't cast aside *a child that he has a father-child relationship with*.
Now it does. Ten or twenty years ago it was perfectly commercial.
...and then add in the experiences of cops from all the cities in America that have higher violent crime rates than Chicago does. Which is a long, long list
While these people usually suck, depending on the location they may be backed up by statistics. In NYC for example single college-educated women outnumber single college-educated men by 50%...which doesn't take into account sexuality, and with gay men being more prevalent than lesbians in NYC it's likely even more skewed. Moreover, data strongly correlates available male:female ratios to male dating behavior and even male ambition/spending/etc, so in a skewed environment the number of "good men" is brought down even further. The more women outnumber men, the less men earn and the less hard they work at their careers. Studies show that in female-skewed environments, men also eschew commitment, expect sex earlier in the dating process, are much more selective, and are more likely to "date up" - basically the Seinfeld effect, where guys who are nothing to write home about are able to dump gorgeous women who earn more than they do for trivial reasons, simply because they know there is a seemingly endless selection. Source: *Date-onomics*, which is basically a summary of research into how gender ratios change behavior Other source: Am single male in NYC. Edit: I get it, all you guys want to move to NYC. Don't. I like things the way they are, thank you. Try another skewed-ratio city like Atlanta or Chicago or Boston. The rents are cheaper.
Dude, I Tinder match with models here. My standards are fine. Anyway: male demand is higher, but having pressure to ask people out is *not that big a deal*. Besides which, in a gender-skewed environment like NYC it's not uncommon for women to do the asking-out. It's fairly typical. The fact that my life experience and world view does not match yours does not mean that it is fundamentally incorrect. Perhaps it means that - gasp - we have different experiences of the world.
There are women into fat guys. Try feabie.
Ugh you just described the past year of my life
People who've never owned cars? Never owned a car. Never had a license. Guess I'm not a man and I have to shave my beard now.
This ain't America. This is New York City.
Eastern Europe. A white American man in Eastern Europe is Ryan Gosling.
I guess we can amend that macro to say "Unless your dad was good at imparting knowledge and skills to you, you have to shave your beard." To be fair I don't know anyone in my family who's ever had a flat tire. Ever.
Sorry. I'm assuming you're either a woman in an eastern city, or a dude in the burbs?
I know that, and I think that it's silly bravado.
Yeah, I think the real answer is "horrible to adjust to, great place to live." Once you have the hang of NYC it's a pretty fantastic place. It's just there are several things where it's like you're living in Hard Mode for awhile. [edit to add: this does not apply to people who come in with already-good situational awareness] Other places you're on easy mode but there's way more grinding.
NYC violent crime rate is roughly equal to that of an average small town, so there's an almost 50% chance that this guy's town is MORE dangerous. Especially with the downturn of less populous areas, in the next decade or so we are going to see NYC become one of the safest places to live, period.
My favorite is when they stand in the MIDDLE OF INTERSECTIONS DURING RUSH HOUR. Second favorite is when they stand in front of entryways at Grand Central. Again, during rush hour. These are the same people who call us rude. One of these days we are all going to stand in front of their driveways and make all of them late for work and say "I just wanted to get a picture, why are you being so rude? MY TOURIST DOLLARS PAY YOUR SALARY".
Stephen Sondheim had intentions of musicalizing it, back in the late 1990s.
Jesus Christ. Back when I was in a dual-income committed relationship I was considering buying a one-bedroom and the best cheap ones we found were 500k.
"Long Island" refers to Suffolk and Nassau counties. Brooklyn and Queens are geographically part of Long Island but are never referred to in conversation as "Long Island".
The known issue costs me a year's income all at once. That's on top of the regular check-ups, dental work, etc that I'd have to pay for out-of-pocket. Short of eating nothing but rice for five years and never leaving my apartment or doing anything, there's no way that's happening. You greatly underestimate health care costs.
NYC is totally different in lifestyle, local customs, and pace to almost any other city in North America. Some places have similarities but NYC might as well be a foreign country for all they know. Everything feels more difficult and stressful, because there are a hundred factors you have to consider that you never considered before. If you imagine a Manhattanite trying to live in the woods you get an idea of the challenge. Living in the woods isn't *hard*, but if you didn't think to chop firewood or fix the insulation or stock up on some staples and preserves because you thought that (respectively) the landlord would just turn the heat on and the super would fix the insulation and you could get away with ordering Chinese delivery or groceries during a two-day blizzard...then you are going to think that country living means freezing and starving. Likewise, newcomers don't anticipate the huge learning curve. They don't know not to rent an apartment above a restaurant (noise and vermin). They don't know not to enter the empty subway car at rush hour (smelly homeless guy). They don't know where to go when you are out and have to pee. The don't know where to affordably shop when they're used to big-box stores and now they're in a city where you get your meat, cheese, wine, produce, hardware, etc all at different small shops. They don't know that the trains change routes on the weekends and late nights and end up stranded in Canarsie waiting for a return trip. They don't know that a tourist delaying you for thirty seconds can magically make you thirty minutes late for work. They don't know that owning a car means getting up at 7 every morning to move it and that it's probably not worth keeping. They don't know how to interact with the super, or what they are legally entitled to as tenants. They don't know that there are a bunch of local festivals and parades that shut down certain parts of the city at the same time every year, so they end up late for work on the day of the Puerto Rican parade and have no idea why. They do a whole bunch of absent-minded things, go unnecessarily out of their way, and work way harder than they have to, because they don't know any better. Those are all things that to a local are no big deal and are easily dealt with/avoided, the same way a person in a suburb knows to grab dinner before 8 pm because all the places close at 9. You stay here long enough and the inconveniences are all instinctually avoided. Quality of life improves DRAMATICALLY for people who stick it out and learn the ropes. For people who already have decent street smarts adjusting can be very quick, but most people coming from suburbs typically have very little sense of space or situational awareness to begin with so the city just overwhelms them. Transplants also don't know how to take advantage of all the amazing stuff here. Just as an example, entertainment: They pay full-price (or use TKTS for meager discounts) to see the biggest hit Broadway shows, then bemoan only seeing one show a year because of how expensive it is ($79-500 a ticket) - meanwhile locals use papering services for free tickets or stay informed on new shows or better lesser-known shows, or else they've made connected friends. I've been going on twice-weekly dates to see big band concerts, ballets, major sporting events, cruises, Broadway shows, and gallery openings, and in four months I've never spent more than ten dollars to get in. Not ten dollars a person - ten dollars. For the whole date. There are also all sorts of amazingly cheap and free things to do - during the summer there are around 15 different free shows, concerts, screenings, gallery openings, or other events to go to *every night*. Several of the museums that people shell out $35 dollars for are technically pay-what-you-want. Operas often have $20 tickets. If you do NYC right it's one of the cheapest places in the country to go on a really swanky date. I can't think of anywhere else in the country where a person poor enough to go on Medicaid could justify regularly attending swanky concerts by world-class musicians in their budget, but you can do that here. Shit, I pay less to take a date out to the opera or to a great concert or a gallery opening (with FREE WINE) than most people spend to take their date to a movie theater. Locals also start to realize when it's a good idea to get out of town, or where in the city they can get away from it all. Or what parts of town are all tourists.
Also, if something really bad happens to me - like getting hit by a cab, or a cancer diagnosis - I'm basically in lifelong debt.
I feel like 2/3 of all new musicals set in NYC either should have been set somewhere else or didn't need to be made in the first place. High Fidelity was a prime example of this - the Chicago setting of the film came with such character and locally-specific energy and flavor. The NYC-set musical had so little to do with the city it might as well have been set in "generic urban American location".
Your landlord's not following the law AND there were obvious warning signs that you didn't catch. Especially with either recent grads moving to cheap housing, or transplanted professionals moving into already-established neighborhoods. You moved in above a jazz club in a busy, well-lit neighborhood right by an elevated train, and now you're complaining "I'm a light sleeper and NYC is too noisy and bright for me!" Bitch, there are a million other places you could've chosen to live in this city that would've been fine.
Your first paragraph isn't wrong, but your second paragraph is incredibly unfair. I don't dislike rural folk and most people in cities don't either; at worst, some of us have the same patronizing attitude towards their diners as they have towards our driving skills. The fact is that major population centers usually heavily subsidize rural areas on a state and federal level due to apportionment by geography *in addition to* population. It's not unreasonable or invalid to complain that you are paying extra for the infrastructure of people whose individual votes mean more than yours. Now, it doesn't mean that there aren't good reasons for the unfair allocations of tax dollars and vote weight, but you can hardly blame urban folk for seeing that as fundamentally unfair.
7 am. A jackhammer goes off in the apartment above me, raining rubble on my head. Next door, Paulie is beating his whore wife, while in the downstairs apartment the Puerto Rican family is throwing a parade. I quickly throw on my yarmulke, hoodie, and gold chains with a track suit over them for warmth and head to the corner for a bagel. Along the way, a tourist family meekly asks for directions, so I clock them and mock their disabled son. I get my bagel. "Fuck you," says the delicatessen cashier. "FUCK YOU TOO, YOU PIECE OF SHIT!" I answer. All this shouting has gotten us both pretty heavy in the mood, but we are devout Muslims so we can only have sex while married. I gay marry the cashier and fuck him in one of our many tax-funded sex clubs before heading downtown to my finance job. "Allahu Ackbar! Death to America!" we shout to one another lovingly as I head out the door of the sex club. I get in the subway, but the bagel isn't agreeing with stomach so I take a shit on the 6 train before having anonymous sex with the other guy taking a shit on the 6 train. We arrive at my stop. A visiting group of nuns try to get on the train. "Fuck you, tourists!" I shout, and I stab every one of them and throw their bags to the ground before shoving people out of my way as I head above ground. I walk through the photos of every tourist in the city on my to work. I sit at my desk and have my morning coke before picking up the phone. "Buy! Sell! Buy! Sell!" I shout, angrily. I make ten million dollars before lunchtime. I donate it all to George Soros. During my lunch break I see a nice Midwestern couple on vacation. They make me so furious that I fly to their hometown on my private jet, murder their children, burn all their American flags, and steal all their guns before salting the earth of their quaint American farm. Fucking tourists. I fly back. I get a slice of pizza. "Fuck America and fuck the poor!" I shout, before heading uptown to pick up my welfare check. I head to the diamond district and deposit my check in my INTERNATIONAL JEWISH BANK ACCOUNT. I call up my gay Muslim husband to tell him I want a gay divorce. "Allahu Ackbar!" he shouts at me. He gets on the subway to bomb my workplace as revenge, but a bunch of hoods steal his bomb. He realizes he was being silly. We kiss and make up. A tourist looks at me funny, so I hold him down while my husband pees on his camera. Afterwards we head to a dinner party thrown by BIG STARS. We laugh about the peasants in the Midwest while our slaves serve us edible gold leaf and quail eggs. We toast. "To the death of America." "To the death of America!" We go to see a Broadway show. A tourist offers to buy us tickets. We pee on him. We pee on everybody. We say screw the Broadway show (Cats, obviously) and hire some prostitutes. The prostitutes used to be wholesome American girls before we made them turn tricks in New York City. We do coke off the hookers. We pay them using our Prostitute Vouchers, which the city funds by selling all the guns we steal from Upstate. Everything is going fine until we realize one of our dinner party friends is actually a cousin from out of town. "Fucking tourists!" We beat her to death with a crow bar, then drive out to Weehawken to bury her corpse. We take the PATH train back. I swim through a river of urine to get home. It refreshes me. I check my bank account. Glorious, I think. I turn to my new gay Muslim-Italian murderer husband, and he looks into my gay Black-Jew Muslim eyes with love. "Fuck you, honey." I sigh. "Fuck you too, babe." The gunshots and Dominican music lull me to another peaceful slumber. Goodnight, NYC. ----- A typical weekend is basically the same thing, but with brunch also.
We love you too, Buffalo. The wings alone would endear you to us forever.
Buffalo is one of the top hipster cities in the country.
Wait, what were you doing putting on a fake English accent?
West Side Story The Sound of Music Chicago Cabaret Gypsy (Bette Midler) Honorable Mentions: The Music Man, My Fair Lady, and Sweeney Todd if it weren't for goddamn Helena Bonham Carter.
Originally from SoCal. Freeways were easier than street driving.
It's a general tristate area thing but very rarely the city, and DEFINITELY not Manhattan. Manhattanites are usually pretty good at keeping to themselves and regulating their volume.
Of course there's more to the state than NYC! It's called "Westchester"
We already make stuff. Manufacturing in the USA has been great for quite some time. It's just the manufacturing *jobs* that we lost. Automation is alive and well here. It is disappointing how thoroughly people have bought into the populist fiction that the US would have more jobs if only we brought manufacturing back. Those jobs aren't coming back unless you're a robot.
No, that's not true. Chicago-style deep dish is one, Chicago-style thin crust is another. Both are common and popular in Chicagoland.
Yes, but American media makes prom seem like a major life event, so it would make sense for someone not from here to think that prom was a big deal in the USA.
Big fucking mistake.
Ugggghhh I hate you dad
The text on that second link is glorious
No, if I appear rude to you it's always intentional.
This attempt at balance ignores very real numbers on which news agencies actually misrepresent stories, how frequently they do so, and also what agendas the fake news supports or caters to. Liberal media typically has clickbait, exaggerations, and a typical level of bias, coupled with occasional lapses. However, they also tend to eat their own when things go full false (Brian Williams, Dan Rather, etc). Right-leaning media is where you get blatantly false assertions and uncontested falsity. Occupy Democrats and Huffpo definitely distort and misrepresent news, but they're not even in the same universe as an outlet like Breitbart. A casual glance over the worst headlines of each outlet bears this out.
Not quite a world war, but definitely enough proxy wars to amount to *something*...
Exactly how many times did you copy-paste this exact comment in this thread?
I said this elsewhere, but NYC dollar pizza actually has a fantastic texture and flavor, even when it's cheap and ugly and greasy. It's a much firmer texture than you're used to from pizza that looks like that, and a much more acidic sauce.
NYC's an immigrant city so its main cuisines are essentially derivative works. American-style Italian food, American-style Chinese, American-style polish and Jewish foods, variations on German cuisines, etc. They bear little resemblance to their ancestors but are pretty frickin' delicious if you take them for what they are instead of expecting them to taste authentic. A major problem with NYC's reputation is that people typically only visit tourist spots (sound familiar, Europeans?) and get the shitty food that's sold there, and then they go home saying "New Yorkers think their food is so good but it's crap", not realizing that they didn't eat a single meal that a local would be caught dead eating. Street cart hot dogs are a classic example of this. Nobody likes those or eats them on purpose (they get their hot dogs at a Papaya Dog location), but tourists keep them open and for some reason everyone thinks that's what we eat. We don't.
Heads up, they rent out rowboats in Central Park. If you go on a weekday and row out below the right bridge on the west end of the pond you can totally finger her out of public view.
Your mother brings me enough pleasure to keep on with the struggle.
Every man over 30 is reading this thinking "or I could just think about responsibility for a plot second."
If he has specific guns he wants to shoot that are prohibited there, then yeah he should go somewhere else. But for someone who has never shot or who rarely shoots, it's not like they're gonna run out of options over a single vacation. They'll be able to get a bunch of guns and go to a range and pop pop pop all they want.
You miss the point. We stood by the results of the POPULAR vote, which happened to align with an electoral vote. We still stand by the results of POPULAR votes now. We don't think it's supposed to align. We just happen to think that it is stupid and counterproductive that it is not supposed to align.
Not with you, no. But they typically find plenty of ways to spend money. Usually it goes under "employee morale", or else they place a bulk order of some kind and just aren't stupid enough to tell you it's a burner.
Says you. Twice now in this century we've had the popular vote overridden by the electoral vote, and the results in each case haven't exactly been stellar.
What's a better measure than my political allegiance? Economics? Disaster preparedness? Domestic security? Wise allocation of troops? Climate Change action? Geopolitical stability? Reputation abroad? National debt (without a Keynesian justification)? Pick any one of those. Hell, pick all of them.
There's a difference between "the air" and a bubble. The fact that we take the subway doesn't mean we don't live in reality. There are people in this country who think that coal has a future and that the ACA and Obamacare are opposing pieces of legislation.
Well thank God we have an almost-total tyranny of the minority. Congratulations!!! Do you realize how fucking stupid you sound? "This overwhelming majority holds too much power, that's why we need to give every branch of the federal government AND a supermajority of statehouses to the minority, and to do so in part by suppressing black votes." Fuck you, man. If you don't see the fundamental injustice in that then I don't know what to tell you. This isn't a matter of a minority getting an oversized seat at the table. This is a matter of a minority getting the whole fucking table and the majority sitting at the kids' table.
The electoral college also has roots in placating slave states and slave owners, sooooo
A margin that small would, in a perfect system, result in a closely split government. Currently we have a system where well over 50% is governed by well below 50%, by overwhelming margins and with power at all levels - exec, house, senate, statehouses, and soon Supreme Court.
There's a difference between the *opposition candidate* and/or the *outgoing leader* accepting the results (allowing a peaceful transfer of power), and *the citizens* accepting the results.
I realize that people are outraged about this, but for Trump supporters outraged about this: you do realize that Trump implicitly called for assassination attempts on Hillary, right? There is no higher ground here. The difference is one was made by a private citizen, the other was made by a *candidate for higher office* who is now the president.
You could have read the comment responding directly to this quoting the statement and linking to a source. It was also in the news for a full week, soooooo
I mean, it was literally the first comment right after me, and it was in the news for a week during the election, and Russia and Stormfront and other forces supporting the right have deployed internet commenters whose sole purpose is to cast doubt and waste people's time. I appreciate if you were sincere (though I still don't know why you weren't able to look one comment down...) but you have to understand that when the events are that well publicized and the resources that you're looking for are literally right in front of you, you bear a striking resemblance to a deliberate derailer. This is why you have so many downvotes - because of your perceived insincerity.
Yeah, that's the first and last time we will ever see so many New Yorkers happily standing behind a slow walking crowd in midtown. I walked slowly today and I enjoyed it. What terrors hath Trump wrought?!
I wish we could all just ghost-shun this guy.
No, because the statement started with "If Hillary gets to pick her judges", implying that in this scenario she's already won. It's about what to do with a president Hillary, not how to prevent a president Hillary.
Ah, yes. The moral high ground of plausible deniability. The mob is pretty decent too, since all they say is "nice store you have here, would be a shame if something were to happen to it." Maybe they're just talking about flood insurance!
Yeah, notice that almost all the signs are stacked neatly against the barricades with very little actual litter.
I'm sensing a trend of bad comedy from all the countries that historically expelled or eliminated their Jews. UK is the only one passing with flying colors, and Germany and Poland are not scoring well at all. Signed, New York Jew (You know I love you Germany, I'm just playin')
I'm another guy, actually, than the guy you initially talked to. I never specifically mentioned genocide as a commonality at that time, and if you actually go back and read our full exchange you'll notice that you changed the goalpost by being the first to evoke genocide, while making it sound like I was the one talking about it first. And hey, you can compare someone to Hitler without evoking every specific thing he did. What's next, "Show me where Trump intended to annex Czechoslovakia!" "Show me where Trump was a failed artist!" "Show me where Trump utilized great filmmakers in order to elevate his ideals!" Come on man.
Children make their own signs at these, I've found. Or they choose their favorite pre-stocked sign. No need for concern trolling.
Oh god, a Chicago Dog is perfect. One of the few places in the world where a hot dog is a fresh, balanced meal prepared with care. FYI, NYC dirty water dogs are NOT the distinctive NYC dog, they're just what we eat when we have no other options. Papaya Dogs and Nathan's are NYC's true hot dogs. Still nowhere near Chicago Dogs...but then again, what is?
BECAUSE THERE MIGHT BE BEARS!!11!!
I subscribe to /r/composers so I just blithely scrolled past this the first time I read it
No one refused to give you evidence. You walked into a thread with the evidence *directly below the comment you were responding to*, failed to do much as scroll down a single line to see if it was already there, and then when the OP responded by pointing you towards the comment with the source you doubled down with your demands, as if it was easier for him to copy-paste the link than for you to just click it yourself. In this case, the person doing the most refusing was actually you. And you should note that now other people are calling you a dick and saying that your tone and behavior indicate that you don't seem to even care about the source. You've had the source link for days. Why are you still fighting over this?
You're one of those people who makes me wonder, "if this person died tomorrow, would the world be a better place?" I hope the world becomes a better place. I hope it becomes a better place by you realizing how toxic you are and changing that. But if it became a better place the other way, based on how you treat people I don't think anyone who knows you would mind.
People frequently underestimate the amount of genuine, undeveloped (or barely-developed) nature that can be found in New York City (not "near" - in!). In Manhattan: https://www.nycgovparks.org/photo_gallery/full_size/22694.jpg and http://pbisotopes.ess.sunysb.edu/reports/ny-city/images/Blocks-manhattan-schist-Inwood-hill-park.JPG In Queens: http://jonsobel.com/images/parks/forest/P1060747_tree.JPG In Staten Island: http://www.visitstatenisland.com/images/places/DE47CA72-3048-64E8-4073E17CD61C694B.jpg and https://static1.squarespace.com/static/5235cb72e4b01ae2ba612744/52d81952e4b09614df378835/534d72d5e4b0c7f5e4fc9a9a/1402513581605/IMG_8627.JPG?format=1500w In Brooklyn: https://activerain-store.s3.amazonaws.com/image_store/uploads/9/9/8/7/0/ar121734417307899.jpg
That's actually not true. As I stated in a previous comment: Shit, I'm an educated middle-class white dude and I once got stuck in a bureaucratic roundabout following an apartment fire that caused me to go three whole years with a state ID. During that time I held jobs (including jobs in the public school system, union jobs, and more), rented an apartment, opened and closed various bank and financial accounts, and flew domestically more than 30 times. Most everyone has ID, but the question is what kind of ID they have. State ID can, when missing the right documents, be very difficult to procure, even while one may have all the ID necessary to do most anything else. Voter ID laws typically exclude the documents most likely to be used by students and blacks (public employee ID badges, student IDs, various identification cards associated with welfare programs), and include other documents likely to be used by Republicans (gun licenses). One you actually look into the details of these laws and who they target and affect it's extremely clear why this is such a partisan issue. And increasingly unclear how this isn't regarded as a tremendous infringement on equal civil rights.
Casual dating and sex on dates. There's an Eastern European country I would LOVE to live in, but there you're either married or you're being chaperoned on dates.
I'm an LA native. That's why I live in NYC now. I AM THE COASTAL ELITE.
Do like one of those romcom-style moves where you take your glasses off and let your hair down, except just take the whole wig off. A+ for style.
Partly, I think that bad movies show you where the boundaries of quality are. It reinforces your sense of what good actually is, and why. A well-made movie is filled with brilliant tricks and sleight-of-hand that help conceal seams and flaws. You may not notice how incredibly sexist a well-made action movie is because of the polish, but you sure as shit notice it in *The Man Who Saved the World* because of how poorly they execute the film. You can watch a well-shot film over and over and not be able to pinpoint exactly what makes it SO good, because there are so many things going right. But the moment you watch a bad movie the boundaries for quality become immediately apparent. I think that a bad piece of art teaches as much - if not more - than a great one. Also they're fucking hilarious. Flying sharks? Karate-chopping rocks? Hungry beds? Yes please.
It's their goal to waste your time. They are human trash and the world would be better off if all of these Trump-pushing trolls drowned in a river at once. They undermine truth, they undermine democracy, they undermine basic human decency. They offer nothing of value to discourse or the world.
Besides, residences here are too small for a gun to have much effect. I'll take a baseball bat any day of the week.
You're aware service varies depending on where you are in the US? What specific areas are you talking about? Service styles vary according to region and density.
Sup gurl
We were built on legal AND illegal immigration. You underestimate how many people here are the descendents of illegal immigrants.
My state: [The Tenement Museum](http://www.tenement.org/contact.html). A restored, heavily-researched apartment building dating back to the mid-19th century, with tour guides telling the stories of the poor, immigrant (sometimes illegal immigrant) families who lived there, and telling the stories of their jobs and families and how their families exist in the country today. I think our president could stand a visit there. Elsewhere: [The American Visionary Art Museum](http://www.tenement.org/contact.html) in Baltimore, MD. Art made entirely by artists who are untrained and/or non-professionals. One of the coolest museums I've ever been to, and wildly moving. When I was there there was an entire wing of art made by mental patients, and an installation showing the design of a dream house thought up by a prisoner spending decades in solitary for a crime he hadn't committed. It also has some really fun stuff - when I went, one artist had an installation called the "Fart Gallery" that was renditions of farts in the style of different famous visual artists. IMO, if you take a young kid to one art museum in their life, take them there. Honorary Mention: Huntington Garden and Museum in Los Angeles. It's fucking great.
That is absolutely false, because frequently the earned respect is not actually received. I run music education workshops, and I've seen men who barely knew what they were talking about command more respect from attendees than award-winning female artists who've been profiled in Rolling Stone and made Vulture Top Ten lists (and who have MORE teaching experience). If you go to /r/teachers you will find countless examples of female teachers struggling to get the respect of classes whereas men can just stroll in. I've benefited from unearned respect my whole life, and every woman I know has had to work her ass off to get half of what I'm just handed on a platter merely for existing.
I am a slight little baby bird of a man with a goofy disposition and a high voice. My entire dating pool is "women who like non-threatening men". The two women I worked with who had to work harder to command respect were both my height or taller and one was a bodybuilder with a lower voice. And we are talking about teenagers here, not children. Do consider the fact that you are going out of your way to come up with reasons why you can discount the lived experiences of several other people. Accepting our stories requires you to challenge the belief that *what you give is not equal to what you get*. Even though most women in professional fields tend to say that that is exactly the opposite of their experience - men who offer less getting put on the same level. When I started paying attention to how often female colleagues struggled to get rewards that were simply handed to me (such as respect), I couldn't stop seeing it.
Kansas and California are exactly ideal comparisons. For smaller majorities and a less flattering look at the D side and less damning look at the R side you can compare Texas and New York, but even then Texas has a lot of bad going on. What it has in business-friendliness it makes up for in death from preventable illness.
Eyyyyyyyy
The white people in the north who had spent a lifetime profiting off the manufacturing and trade of slave-produced goods were often the same ones fighting to set the slaves free. The analogy is not nearly as imperfect as you think it is.
California Republicans are often Democratic in platform, though. Many California Republicans would be democrats in the south.
I'm curious how you got the idea that WaPo is a television program? You are hilarious.
I'm pretty sure that you're my second-favorite person on this subreddit, right behind our benevolent mod
Maybe there will be some justice and all of the bigots and bigot-excusers who voted for Trump can all die of heroin overdoses before we urbanites get hit by another fucking 747. Sorry, not sorry. They voted for chaos.
It has fucking nothing to do with terrorism: https://www.google.com/amp/nypost.com/2017/01/28/trump-left-countries-with-high-terror-risk-off-his-banned-list/amp/?client=safari In fact the countries with the most anti-American terrorists in the last twenty years conveniently have been left off of the list. It is now almost routine to find that people taking Trump's side to be completely factually wrong. Have you ever in your life had enough of a command of the basic facts of any issue to know what it feels like to be even minimally informed?
The party of personal responsibility can't take responsibility for their own fucking educations or statements. Sorry, I'm done with civility. People's lives are on the line and half this country literally doesn't know the most basic facts.
Dude stop making Baltimore look bad. I like that place. Why you gotta be such a stubbornly ignorant little bitch?
Just a heads up, this is talking about New York the state, not New York the city.
"I'm tired of these liberals whining about x, guess it's time to give the nuclear codes to the racist egomaniac!" Some of you are remarkably petty and childish. Grow up. Vote for good policy and a good future instead of single issues or "stickin' it to the butthurt liberals". So spiteful. So immature. So shortsighted. And why don't YOU go around talking to KKK members and persuading them if you think that's a superior strategy.
Oh, we have. Several of us have backpacks ready to go at any time. Mine is stocked with bottled water, a day's worth of snacks, sign-making stuff, cash, gloves/scarf/hat, an extra phone charge, and I'm going to add in some voice amplifiers, a whistle, face protection, and a percussion instrument. Don't fuck with immigrants and expect New Yorkers to let you get away with it. Immigrants run the bodegas here, which basically makes them the high priests of our communities. We are 37% foreign-born, we are not afraid of terrorism, and we've been practicing shouting, complaining, and telling Donald Trump to go fuck himself our entire lives. We were born to protest this shit, baby.
Get off your high horse. I hope Lincoln Park Towing gets ahold of your fucking high horse btw
SO FUCKING GOOD Also Puerto Ricans are the shit. Great food, great culture. Immigrant work ethic right here in the states. Let them in the union!
Nobody was contacted. Nearly every governor and big city mayor is fucking LIVID about this. Gross incompetence.
So if the street name is basically a big "fuck you" to one of the owners of a big building on the avenue in question, is it dead in the water?
Were
Hey, plenty of people who voted for national socialism were wonderful people who helped shelter and smuggle Jewish friends to safety. Doesn't change the fact that they *literally voted for Nazis*, now, does it? Plenty of shitty people vote for each candidate, but only one candidate actively courted white supremacists.
I mean, Hitler wasn't exactly executing Jews in his very first week. Right now we are in the exploratory phase of turning a democracy into an authoritarian regime.
A 2mill home plus more and more property taxes every year. They're very poor and their income is not getting any better (she's an actress, he's a musician and music teacher, and they support family as well). The home literally IS their savings, and they bought it back when the neighborhood was shitty and cheap. If they were in a bad place and needed to take care of it they'd basically have to sell their home and everything they'd ever owned and move out to bumfuck Arkansas where they don't know anybody, and spend their last decades there. 2 mill is not a lot of money when you have nowhere to live, you're in your sixties, you're supporting family, and you have little to no income.
I was dead serious my friend I am real man. Sarcasm for little baby. American baby only true baby. All other baby is tree.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AiaGOdHU7dk
Give them alternative grades.
They're doing everything you say. They're smart people, despite their choice of career. :D
It's definitely a column A column B situation. I think we can say that had there been no Russia/Comey interference and no voter suppression, and had media given equal oxygen, HRC probably would have won. But I think that we can *also* say that her campaign made serious, decisive errors that left her vulnerable to those developments. But it is a mistake to conflate the two explanations, or to try to invalidate the one with the other.
That then requires the instructor to have previously held a teaching job with a well-behaved classroom where they thought to videotape their class and had clearance to use said tape. It offers no benefits to new candidates or to people transferring from nightmare schools.
She poured money into *urban* Pennsylvania and Florida. She ran an urban campaign. He ran a rural campaign attempting to sway traditional no-shows. A Hillary campaign in Pennsyltucky could have had very different results.
I have some phenomenal workarounds. And, to be fair, most of my travel is paid for by the projects I do, and the shows I go to are either comped or some other magic. So working in entertainment does give me a leg up. Also I make "about" a third, not literally a third. If you stretch it right a few thousand dollars can make a big deal in an entertainment budget.
Kind of, yes, and conditionally. I think a $12 federal minimum wage with incentives to raise to 15 would be ideal. The system NYS has right now - where the minimum wage in each area more or less reflects cost of living and economic strength of the area - is pretty good. Single Payer Healthcare is an obvious smart economic and moral decision. Tuition-free community college, YES. Conditionally tuition-free state colleges? Yes. It is also crucial that that tuition-free status be extended to students in all income ranges and not just the poor, to incentivize socioeconomic mixing and networking between people of different social classes.
Considering how much land he seized from the poor using eminent domain...no, not really. He was the WORST.
I suspect that in the next few election cycles, swing states will go Blue. Who knows if that will be lasting, but it's been a general principle since the 1980s the Republicans win when turnout is low and Democrats win when turnout is high, and the electorate - particularly the left - is very engaged now. That said, there are a lot of relatively new structural barriers and the D's have to rebuild a lot of campaigning infrastructure.
It always looks like a baseball parody to me. Especially with all the funny names. I swear, someday England will just change its name to "Anglo-wanglo landy-place".
Stfu New Jersey
Why sell it when you can feed a family of four for a week?
Yeah it's important to just roll with whatever happens
But see you didn't answer the question, and I asked the question because *it's the exact same issue*. Ambiguous genitalia affects 0.05% of the population. 1.7% of the population is born intersex in some way. And 0.3% are trans. Pre-op transpeople make up a smaller percentage of that. All of these are edge cases. The point of an edge case is to test the boundaries of a law or rule or opinion to see if it is actually fair, or if it's based on dumb shit. When you give the trans bathroom argument the intersex test, it turns out to be dumb shit.
At least in the United States, an influx of Muslim immigrants typically results in a substantial decrease in crime. So, no. Letting them in here has been amazing for our cities.
Oh my god who cares? Everyone's just people. Chinese immigrants have shitty subway etiquette, Arabs can be a little too friendly, Turks have weird wrong ideas about their country's history, Jews don't stop talking, Mexicans have big loud parties, and oh my god who cares. They're your neighbors. Chances are that everything aside they're just people and you can get along with them same way you'd get along with anyone else if you treat them like people. Life is like the muppet show. All the muppets are totally different and have huge barriers between them - differences in species, character, taste, ability, timeliness, size, etc. But kids are smart enough to know that these differences are what makes the muppets so fucking entertaining and fun. We are all goddamn muppets. Now, can we stop having questions like this please?
You seem to have a lot of fantasies of butch lesbians with penises entering a bathroom when you and your friends are all naked and vulnerable. You wanna talk about it? Sounds like you've given this a lot of, uh, thought
Funny, I just took one trip to the city. It's pretty cool
Anything but Rap and Country = "I'm uninterested in two of the most pervasive and influential genres of the past 30+ years
Also a good time to write pastiches, miniatures, and troll pieces (deliberately bad/tasteless compositions). Sometimes you have to get the crust off the top of the ketchup bottle before the rest can pour out.
What's wrong with trains? #nohobo
One of the great pleasures of running educational programs that absorb kids from all walks of life is getting to see urban black teenagers deal with suburban white teenagers. It's like Hood Zen or something. If I had to deal with a single day of those stupidities I would flip my shit.
It's easy to convert, it's just a pain because the numbers take awhile to feel intuitive. Celsius is the opposite - hard to convert, easy to intuit.
Everything you write indicates that deep down you *know* this is unfixable, that you feel you are doing all the work and she none, that she refuses to address her issues, and that you resent her very, very deeply. Why aren't you divorcing her? "17 years" isn't a good enough reason, that's just a sunk cost fallacy.
Yeah I get what you're saying. I gotta bring more of my mundanity. Is there a particular section that felt like overkill to you?
Let's find out!
Yes, I educate them, you rude turd. Edit: sorry. Not a turd
Why would you tell yourself it's a waste of time for people to experience different types of people in the first place?
You could presumably put soft/light items on top of it or put it on top of other things. It is a hard case after all. Anyway they are very easy to transport and this is the first I've ever heard of a violin causing an issue. Usually it's the cellists having issues and that's because their instrument is the size of a short, curvy person.
It is very difficult for me to believe that she can be so abusive and selfish and bad at communication in the bedroom and yet be great everywhere else.
Call the governor's office and let them know that unless there's a massive change in subway service and unless he stops raiding MTA coffers, you're supporting literally anybody else in the Democratic primary.
No will to comment? ;)
Hahahahahahaha hahahahahahaha 20 whole pages! You wrote them! At a University Level!!!!! And you passed! I'm so proud of you sweetie. You have such a bright future ahead of you. Unfortunately, every single person who's ever gone to college knows what a college-level paper is like and knows how unimpressive your accomplishment is and how little it contributes to your real knowledge of anything. I've got a friend writing an 800-page dissertation that he's had to vigorously defend over the course of two years. Call me when you've done that on the topic. Until then, you really need to get a sense of how unimpressive your accomplishments are in the real world.
I'm trying to imagine a place that would have a sign reading "Gay Straight Trans Anyone But Obama"
Yeah, he gave us our first gay Vice President
There's an argument to be made here that, with the Principal's backing, you can point to the policy and ask what they'd prefer. Or better yet, have the principal simply give them a three-day suspension since the parents objected to your off-policy solution. While it would not entirely be fair to the students (except that it is policy...), it would send a very clear message to the parents and make them reconsider such retaliation in the future.
Considering how many "respect the flag!" patriotic types deface the flag by putting it on swimsuits, t-shirts, napkins, towels, etc...yes, if only for the irony of a bunch of people who oppose flag-burning going to jail for the crime of disrespecting the flag. But seriously: no.
Some parts of the country don't have to watch kids in place of the real thing. This rationalization sounds stupid for almost any other topic. "Why go to Broadway to see professionals when we can watch the local college production of *Fiorello!*?
Strange that the people who complain about news stories not printing black folks' race on crime reports aren't up in arms about this too.
Chicago brah
There is a Baja Fresh in Times Square. It's about what you'd expect. Honestly (native Angeleno here) in Core Manhattan I haven't found much excellent SoCal Mexican food that hasn't been from either a truck or a delivery-oriented joint. All the best Mexican food in this city is from a truck or from Ridgewood.
Yes, I need an explanation, because you haven't offered one. "Don't deface the flag." "Why?" "Because it's a flag." To someone for whom it is *not* evident why flag defacing should be illegal - which is literally everyone here except for you - your explanation adds nothing, and your rudeness about it just makes you look bad. Language exists so that we can communicate our ideas to one another. Use your words to explain why you feel the way you do using anything other than circular logic - "don't deface the flag because it is just a flag" and "there is etiquette therefore this etiquette must be enforced as law" are entirely insufficient. If I was saying something you fundamentally disagreed with, wouldn't you want more of an explanation than me saying "what don't you understand?" over and over like some sort of broken record?
Yeah, I visited one in Massachusetts that was called "Boston"
Well this entire thread is about law because the question is "should it be illegal". Jesus Christ. You can't talk, you can't think, you can't even read a question. Is flag code literally the only thing you have any knowledge or ability in? Are you like one of those savants who can't feed himself or walk but you know how to fold a flag?
You didn't remain civil, though. You immediately blamed people for not understanding your bad communication and your misunderstanding of questions, you introduced the words "asshole" and "douchebag" into this, you're the one who made it personal in the first place. You're that kind of unaware selfish moron who calls other people stupid assholes and then when they return in kind you go "hey why can't we all be civil?!" We can be civil. Just not with you, you shitty dick.
Read the whole thread. Look at who started hurling insults first. *it was clearly and unquestionably you*.
If fire is outlawed, only outlaws will be on fire
Every black person I know who's had a gun pulled on him had it happen in a wealthy white neighborhood, by the police. Hardly a trait of a "good" neighborhood. The number of people I know who've had that happen is higher than you'd like it to be.
Immediately perform CPR on the flag.
The point here is that for centuries women were actively discouraged from and prohibited from leadership positions. Just because you open the door doesn't mean millions of people who were trained to see that door as permanently shut are going to walk through it. There's a whole wealth of scholarship on this - how women are more likely to go into fields where they perceive a lot of positive female role models, for instance, and where it looks like women are treated fairly. Recruiting is about correcting an historical injustice in order to create a level playing field so that with enough role models in place the recruiting offices can be made obsolete. Btw, all the extensive studies on what factors actually discourage women from certain careers would be know to you if you, you know...took a women's studies class. ;)
Studies also show that women are more interested in leadership and stem positions when they have visible female role models in those positions.
I had him working in the senate FOR Joe McCarthy. Sorry if I worded it to make it seem otherwise, dashing these off
So this one time, doctors removed my testicle and I ended up with this big bright red scar right next to my junk. NOBODY CARES. Most women don't notice. Or they're already dealing with their million insecurities that they don't notice mine. Or, even bettered are busy being into each other and enjoying one another to give a shit about scars and acne and moles and shit. You will be fine. If someone likes you, they like you. If they like you conditional upon certain skin appearances, you have no control over that anyway. You know your value. You know what positive things you bring to the table. Lead with that.
Hey, that's me! Minus the kinda ugly. ...I hope
She was 11 years old when she was brought to the country, what exactly do you want her to do? Go back to a country she doesn't know and start all over? Anyway now that she's a banker chances are her tax dollars are paying for your shitty roads.
A civil infraction, not a criminal infraction. It is amazing to me how often the "law and order" crowd doesn't understand the "law" part.
Ventura also has a great little arts and shopping district. They have a tiny little theater called the Rubicon that frequently shows work with some major, major theater stars working under the radar. Several new New York-bound shows have started there and it's not uncommon to see Tony- and Emmy- winners performing there.
Please elaborate
Don't forget the fifth base, buttstuff
Given that most of our population seems to not understand how national debt happens or why and what benefits it confers upon us as a nation...it really just comes down to how much politicians are willing to exploit that ignorance.
Which you responded to with: &gt;Bit of a simplification to say debt is always good, or that it always has benefits, no? Soooooo again: You read into my statement something that I *literally never said or even implied*
Don't you guys have the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world?
White flight was to the suburbs. Whites and blacks alike fled to the south.
You don't know shit about what goes on in "the black community" (as if there is only one) or what they've done to keep their communities together and upwardly mobile in spite of constant threats from collapsing tax bases, discriminatory federal policies, and city politicians building highways literally through the middle of their neighborhoods. You don't know shit except that somehow you think they're inferior enough to have universally developed an inferior culture and set of values. Meanwhile here you are claiming they don't value education and you don't even know about the Interstate Highway's habit of letting local pols claim eminent domain on mostly black property and FHA discrimination and how they created this mess in the first place. Why don't you value education and knowledge? Why do you call explanations "blaming" whenever they implicate people who look like you?
NYC: If your friend has roof access, you go there. If not, you fucking leave town. I've been in the country and free to celebrate on only maybe one July 4th in the past seven years, though..
&gt;I was drunk but needed breakfast Living the good life I see
I hate to tell you this but in most of the country that's really difficult to do.
Yeah, again in most of the country that's not the case. You ever done a road trip away from the coast? Outside of cities and some touristy small towns it's like Diner, Five Fast Food Joints, Local Italian Restaurant, Two Competing Local Specialty Joints, Bad Mexican Restaurant. Source: just spent four days driving through the Midwest and rust belt, have taken several trips through the country.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Not when only two of them are good.
Could you be more pandering?
Because I am in Armenia and Armenian tinder is weird.
Well, as has been said earlier, "flyover States" was coined by a midwesterner and the majority of cases of it being written/said come from midwesterners according to google books, so maybe you can stop pretending that we all call you by that insult. Speaking of petty, nothing more petty than resenting someone for calling you an insult you imagined yourself. Y'all are big on imagined slights.
There is a fairly credible theory that his king proposal was a ploy to make the alternative more popular.
It's one thing when the guy fucks up on climate science and legislative history because at least there are political calculations and interests involved in those, but I love that the MAGA guy *literally doesn't know the difference between salsa and hot sauce*. It's almost like he's *trying* to be wrong.
There's something remarkably unAmerican about declaring the largest plurality of American voters to not be "fellow Americans". Shame on you.
The Last Five Years 2: The Next Five Years Jamie saves our butts in Vietnam, only to discover Cathy is working for the North Vietnamese.
Germany paid full reparations and went so far as to outlaw denialism. So yes, let's have Turkey follow the German example. People don't hate Turkey because they committed a genocide, they hate them because they've been lying about it for a hundred years.
It is thought to upset the flavor balance. A hot dog does best with a certain array of flavors that are typically less sweet than ketchup. Chicago made the rule after they perfected the hot dog. They make hot dogs so good there that at this point if Chicagoans told me to put semen on my hot dog I'd do it unquestioningly. They're geniuses.
Naw they just pitied you too much
Yeah but at least we can spell our swear words
Nobody here eats that
Bully pulpit and agenda-setting
This is the real answer. She didn't just have a brief affair or a lapse, she led a double life and deceived both of you. She can't be trusted with anything, period - even a break-up.
Let's look at the alternatives: Spotify Playlist (or something similar) - no physical, tangible gift to give, or way to personalize it. CD - just as cumbersome as a cassette, but with less nostalgia value. And a portable player will be similarly low-quality, but more expensive and difficult to maintain. Vinyl - prohibitively expensive for mix tapes Portable cassette players can be bought new and cheap. They're cute. They're lightweight. And if there will be future mix tapes, they're a reusable gift. Anyway, she loved it, so fuck you.
Anywhere other than Midtown Manhattan. SERIOUSLY JUST GO ANYWHERE ELSE. Queens has the densest Chinatown in the country and numerous immigrant food meccas, The Bronx has a superior Little Italy, Harlem has nicer people and legendary venues and restaurants, Inwood has the best park and a fucking CASTLE and revolutionary war fort, Brooklyn has a theme park and aquarium and sports/concert arena and incredible museums, Staten Island has an historical reenactment town... Seriously. Just go anywhere else. Anywhere other than Manhattan between Battery Park and 110th st.
Lots of cities have insanely good parks. In NYC, every few blocks or so there's another amazing public playground, and oftentimes they're really well-designed with themes - so one might have a really colorful modern theme, one might have a "Mayan Ruins" theme, one might be all wood and rope, etc. Plus there are much larger public parks that can accommodate picnics, rowboats, ballgames, and even hiking/exploration. Minneapolis parks are especially amazing. Lots of greenspace and ponds and inclines.
People who talk about Shakespeare on dates tend to be just awful. I'm a musician who used to go on a lot of dates with people who had much more advanced degrees than I have, so I spent a lot of time getting talked down to. So as someone who's committed huuuuge chunks of his work to memory and done a lot of professional scholarship on Shakespeare in a past life (I used to do dramaturgical work), it was always really fun watching people who never made it past the required high school reading trying to educate me on Elizabethan drama. Bitch, please.
Here's the two rules I started following: 1) People who advertise themselves as strong and assertive are not the same as people who ARE strong and assertive. Reverse the genders - if a guy had a profile advertising how assertive and alpha they are, wouldn't you anticipate them being a dick? More often than not, the women I dated who were running their own companies and making crazy amounts of money and changing the world were really approachable and friendly and cool, and the ones who were doing nothing or dawdling in grad school were the ones advertising how take-charge they are. 2) Don't date below age 30. I found that there was this mid-to-late-twenties rut that almost every really hostile person I was meeting fell into. The moment I switched to thirties-and-up everyone got a lot kinder. Better communicators, more relaxed, and more in charge of their shit.
You don't have to be in your thirties to date women in their thirties. Anyway I found it was mostly just late-twenties. And that was specifically for women in New York. You know, "non-American" is a really broad category. I'd like to see you try dating some Russian or Parisian women, or women from London, and see how far that attitude gets you.
Cool, like you I've also really enjoyed dating women from other countries (especially as my work takes me out of the country for months at a time) - as many people have - but I think the way you talk about it is frankly kind of peppered with red flags.
I go to Parrot Coffee and then grind myself, that's always gotten me the best results. It helps that their beans are far cheaper than anything else I've found that's of similar quality.
There are two levels operating here - the first level of two people having a clumsy sexual encounter and shitty misunderstanding that they both feel bad about, and then the second level of how sexism and rape culture shape our behaviors and expectations. If we consider the entire situation with the genders reversed, it's still clumsy and awkward, but it absolutely would not provoke any sense that someone deserved a public shaming for it. As a dude who has issues with conflict and who is also easily made to question my own feelings, I've been in her situation countless times. Could the other person have been better to me? Of course. Did they commit any crime worse than being sort of a dick to me? No. Did I feel really gross about the encounter? Yeah. We all have the right to be free from nonconsensual encounters. We don't have the right to be free from icky misunderstandings and inconsiderateness.
Ugh, I wish. Central Jersey is the single most vocally racist place I've ever, ever been.
One of the last and shittiest dates I went on before entering my current date was with a woman who came back to my place. I typically have some sort of verbal exchange of consent at every escalation phase - kissing, clothes, oral, and penetration - and I tend to do each one in a way that's pretty smooth and pretty charming. At each stage she acted like I was a fucking asshole for verbalizing it at all. I think the worst was when she was escalating to penetrative sex and I did a quick verbal check-in and she started laughing at me - and not in the nice way. Her type is not uncommon. And frankly if the genders were reversed I could easily just write my own *Babe* story about people like her.
[I think it would look something like this](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/george-washington/n13060?snl=1)
Is tapdancing a sport?
I’m gonna remember what y’all wrote here about having no trouble understanding one another the next time that y’all start pretending that all the states and regions are practically different countries, culturally.
Yeah but the question specifies “City/town”
Take a look at the ACA legislative process and then we will talk. Not at what conservative media said it was. What actually happened - how many hearings, how long in committee, how much debate time, and what legislative models it used (and who they came from).
That’s not overnight anymore, that’s over the course of likely several years.
Just as bad if not worse are the people who think ADHD is just a really intense distractedness. I blame the name - Attention Deficit. The minute I started thinking of it as impaired Executive Function - which is what it actually is, and which explains more of its symptoms - it was easier to understand AND communicate to others. My brain is like a busy kitchen with no head chef or expediter.
It’s much more about SoL than about abstract freedom.
Deliberately narrow and non-partisan ruling that makes it so it’ll be YEARS before a similar case can actually come before the court. Honestly, this is kind of a perfect outcome, demoralizing as it is for LGBT+ issues.
Omg love it
&gt;she ate hard tacos That’s her first mistake right there
Welcome to popular music and young people. “Oil men give me such a thrill, ‘Specially when they begin to drill Give a gusher to me - I wanna be bad!” - 1927 This shit is so fucking normal and has been for decades.
The biggest reason is because your data is wrong/incomplete. African immigrants tend to do very well in the United States. South American immigrants tend to do better than Central American immigrants. South Asian (Indian) immigrants tend to do better in the United States than Hmong and Filipino immigrants. Recent Asian immigrants (second generation) tend to do much better than descendants of Asians who immigrated a hundred or two hundred years ago (who are much more likely to be living in poverty). When you make the categories abnormally large and based more on race and continent of origin than on elements of self-selection, culture, income barriers, etc, you miss the real picture. Anyway, once you get more specific the questions start answering themselves. Why have wealthy and middle-class Cubans who emigrated to the United States done better than the influx of largely uneducated Hmong refugees? Why do immigrants from China, which has a thousands-year-long tradition of emphasizing test-taking, literacy, and academic performance as a way of getting ahead, tend to do better in our education system than the children of day laborers from Guatemala, or of the descendants of a people who for centuries were quite literally punished with death and/or beatings if they learned to read? Why does a Nigerian immigrant with an engineering degree who came here with nothing outperform an African-American kid growing up in a family with substantial debt?
It’s not just work ethic, it’s where that work is focused. Central and South Americans have ridiculous work ethic here in the states, but a great work ethic in day labor or childcare doesn’t get you as far as a ridiculous work ethic in engineering/medicine.
Yeah, I was gonna add: if you don’t make your drama class grueling and give it very high standards and call people on their bullshit, you’ll sabotage it for years to come. Have regular, genuine assessments and quizzes, particularly on theatrical vocabulary and important figures. Do everything you can on day one and two to SHOW the coaster students that they should transfer (don’t tell them - just make the first several days fun but grueling). The success of any arts elective depends on keeping the riff-raff to a minimum until you’re established.
How much of that is choice and how much is less access to education and contraceptives? Also, “unmarried” is not the same as “uncoupled”
Here’s a few things I’d advise an immediate definitions-and-next-class quiz on (heavily weighted to influence final grade) Stagecraft and Blocking terms and abbreviations - wings, flyspace, tech/dress/sitz/wandel/stumble/run rehearsals, flats, translating instructions like “X DSR”, etc - acting craft terms - motivation/objective, super objective/spine, obstacle, status, etc - everyone is given a list of action verbs and has to memorize at least ten. Alternatively, you can structure the class more sequentially and have quizzes spread out, but have a syllabus that makes them VERY clear and a starting quiz that is brutal.
I’ll bet you make a good amount of money as a lawyer keeping up with new laws, though. If teachers were being compensated fairly, the field wouldn’t have such ridiculously high turnover. I don’t see how you can argue against that in a field where the average burnout time is 3 yrs.
There is an almost 100% chance that that person is either an idiot or an asshole. It’s the Confederate Flag rule.
Even the phrase “inner city” is a clue that someone is out of touch.
My rabbi has a lot to answer for
I mean, that’s sort of the essence of conservativism. “Traditional” and “backwards” are two sides of the same coin. Just look at the words “progressive” and “conservative” and tell me which, by the very meanings of the words, is more likely to be looking forwards.
There’s a reason for the property tax law - it’s because of how many insane housing price increases California has seen historically due to real estate booms. I’ll use a personal example: back in the early 1930s my great-grandparents bought a tiny little house in what was then thought of as the “shitty” part of Beverly Hills. He was a staff songwriter and made decent enough money to spring for a house for his family. In the 60s and 70s Los Angeles real estate explodes and Beverly Hills especially. Their property taxes are way beyond their means and he’s retired and has kidney disease. They have to sell their place and leave the entire city behind in their final years because there was no system in place to deal with people’s property taxes increasing to be more than the House was bought for. The property tax grandfather laws were put in place to protect older and poorer homeowners in case of a massive price spike in the area. Which Los Angeles sees a lot of because people love to fucking move there.
Yeah, why shouldn’t these frail old people just give up the entire life they built for themselves over forty years, go through the stressful months-long process of selling and moving, and then go somewhere far away from their entire social, health, and family network to spend the final years in a totally unfamiliar place?
You realize that you’re talking about people who died with no home to leave their family and virtually zero inheritance because they had to basically do a fire sale before rush-buying into another booming market, right (welcome to California real estate). There are good arguments on your side, but you’re an asshole, with no empathy, and zero imagination. People often ask on this subreddit what the worst thing about America is. It’s people like you. The world is better without people like you.
You are barking up the wrong tree with this one. I’d call him a troll, except he is frighteningly sincere.
This is something that happened before I was born, and it is illustrating a situation that happened to tens of thousands of people in California (and NY), which is the whole reason rent control and property tax exemptions were put in place in the first place. Property tax exemptions exist to protect cash-poor homeowners against massive spikes in real estate.
To address a few points - Re “False ADHD diagnosis” - ADHD is a widely misunderstood cluster of symptoms that most people, including those who have it, are poorly informed about. The fact of the matter is that while false diagnoses are a problem, the biggest reason for the discrepancy in diagnoses across genders isn’t that boys are over diagnosed, but that women are *under*-diagnosed. With boys, it’s caught early; with women, it’s often not caught until they’re having second children, attempting to change careers, or even sell into their 50s. One of the biggest theorized reasons for this is that more effort is put into properly socializing young girls, so that the most obvious symptoms of ADHD are mitigated. I have a lot of ADHD students - the boys who have it are often out-of-control discipline nightmares; the girls simply interrupt class as often as the non-ADHD boys. Female autism, btw, presents similar diagnostic challenges. As for the “feminization of education”, I’d be curious to see if this male under-performance is also exhibited in societies with greater equality of expectation and roles between the sexes. Speaking purely anecdotally as an educator who does a lot of international teaching, the discrepancy you describe is usually actually *magnified* in societies with more clearly-defined gender roles - unless that society also gives more educational preference to boys in the first place.
So you think that being emotionally inattentive, poorly behaved, and bad at socializing is innate to boys? Seems to me you have a remarkably low opinion of men.
I grew up hearing a lot of negative things about the South. When I took a bus from SoCal to NYC that went through a huge chunk of the South and Missouri, Missouri was the only state that actually matched those negative stereotypes.
The route didn’t make much sense to me, either. There were an assload of transfers and for some reason once we hit Texas we went up through Missouri and Arkansas before then hitting the upper end of a bunch of southern states.
Your first paragraph is amazing and I will let it stand for itself as a character reference for you in case anyone wants to know why I’m not engaging this debate seriously anymore.
I call every student by the wrong name.
/r/comedygraveyard
If we used poop to take inventory of their genitals and described it using Trumpian Epithets, we’d have a Caucasus caucuses caca suss cock assess, cuck asses.
When I started to notice this really changing was in 2004. Whereas democrats had been dragging their feet on gay rights during the 1980s and 1990s and most people didn’t really have a lot of gay people in their social networks, in the 2004 election it was very much a pro-gay and anti-gay party, and everybody knew a lot of out gay people now which made it personal and real. So it wasn’t just “I believe something different that you really don’t like.” It became, very starkly and transparently (at least where I lived) “these are the people who want to restrict the rights or your friends and family in unsafe and unwelcoming ways, and these are the people who aren’t total homophobes.” At least for my generation, that was the big no-turning-back moment. My politics and the politics of those around me were much more nuanced before that election. After that election, we simply couldn’t fathom sympathy with the other side.
Lots of languages have all-purpose nouns like jawn.
Awesome! And glad you had a great time. Birdland is one of my favorite joints and their big bands are amazing. If you have a chance, their Afro-Latin big band on Sundays is my favorite big band in the city.
I didn’t fully understand my ADHD until I got that explanation. Especially since adult ADHD oftentimes loses the obvious hyperactivity and it’s easy to see one’s adult symptoms as character flaws.
I’m in a similar thread going on right now in a different subreddit...so you aren’t crazy.
Shockingly, when you get to know real actual black people and get a decent sample size of conversations, this isn’t nearly as hard as you make it look. Sometimes, hearing other white people talk about race conversations sounds like incels trying to figure out how to talk to women.
In their defense, neighborhood names can often be very unclear. But it’s silly to not at least know an address or cross street.
We need a fallacy named for the irrelevant evocation of No True Scotsman, though. It’s become quite a thing to try to define a group of people by the text/rules instead of by the practice/reality.
Because most of the housing for new citizens is being built in the West Bank, which doesn’t actually belong to them? The United States granted immigrants citizenship and land in the 19th century, which was pretty nice until you realize that there were tribes that already lived there.
Singer with musicians = CEO and employees A band = Business partners/stakeholders In the first instance, the one person dictates while the others contribute and participate for a fee. In the second, they are all considered contributors with semi-equal input.
Translation: you’ve informally read some stuff about monotheism, on and off, for about half a decade
European think we dumb! Us kill European with bang-bang!
Comparing the opioid epidemic and the crack epidemic - how they were reported and legislated - actually tells us quite a bit about how much is race and how much is class.
For dealers and violent offenders, not for users. The harsher sentences were due to mandatory minimums, which were introduced to try and solve the problem of judges being lenient on whiter, wealthier criminals - but which only exacerbated inequality.
Hillary and the democrats did plenty to meet with poor whites and address their issues with clear policy proposals. There was nearly zero press coverage of it, though, which is why you have the perception you do.
You monster
It’s because San Diego thinks they own the place Any time someone complains about single-party rule in California I remind them that San Diego is Republican, and San Diegans *put French Fries in their burritos*.
“English cuisine” You can have English or you can have cuisine. You can’t have both.
Yeah, I walked 8 miles a day for the past week for work too so I’m pretty sure I’m exempt from having to work out this week.
Almost everywhere I’ve been in the world, people know the same handful of soft rock songs from the 1970s. John Denver and The Eagles will live on forever, if the Middle East has anything to do with it. I’ve been to villages where nobody speaks English and they all share four horses for transportation, yet somehow everyone knows the words to Country Roads and Hotel California.
It’s not just the cost of the cars - it’s the cost of road maintenance, traffic enforcement, parking, environment/health, etc
My favorite Valley-ism is the negative-positive. Yes = “No, yeah.” No = “Yeah, no.”
Correct. Extra emphasis is for sarcasm only.
I really don’t think any of our decisions in the Middle East have made the world a better place.
You don’t have to put a woman on a pedestal or sacrifice your own needs in order to make her feel desired or pursued. Sounds like you had some other things going on.
We’ve already introduced bears and otters to Chelsea and the West Village and they’ve been doing great.
So you think annoying officials for traumatizing thousands of children is bad, but shooting aggressive political protestors is okay?
I’m currently considering a move to a country where they recently accomplished a peaceful ouster of the corrupt prime minister through what you would consider disruption and harassment. Fecklessly false equivalence “moderates” like you are making my decision easier.
I’m not high and mighty about the act of leaving. It’s a fundamentally selfish act and I get that. I just think a lot of people, however nice they are, fit a definition of evil that we find very easy to apply to the past, and yet are very reluctant to apply in the present. When thousands of children are deliberately traumatized, and you’re worried about the civility of the *discussion* around it - and not about the solving of it - well then, what kind of person are you? Jeez, the Warsaw Ghetto uprising was awful! I get that it wasn’t a great situation, but once you’re killing guards you’re really letting down the center of civility that is crucial for a functioning society!
Oh my god spare me the false righteousness, you knew that it was rhetoric and it’s not “disagreeing”, it’s basic respect for human decency. So many people believe *terrible things* and want us to pretend that that doesn’t make them terrible, godawful people on the ledger of human history. Segregationists “just disagreed.” Nazis “just disagreed”. The KKK “just disagreed”. The preachers who believed that AIDS was god’s justice “just disagreed”. How far must someone go before you recognize that some people are just fucking garbage? My family’s survived a lot of bullshit and genocide from hateful bigots, and we know where “just disagreeing about politics” can lead when it deals with families and human lives. It leads to trauma and death and destruction.
They also represent the views of 30% of our country, and have views that are tolerated by a near-majority. We are so fucked.
YTA
It’s a much softer discrimination. I’ve found that there are a lot of things that are acceptable when female teachers do them that aren’t acceptable for male teachers, and that I’m frequently coded by this organization as “aggressive” for doing things like: 1) Asking for a clear “yes” or “no” on my initiatives (“you’re my superior and I’ll respect your decision, I just need it voiced clearly because otherwise I won’t pick up on it and will keep working when I could be focusing my efforts where you want me to”) 2) Basically asking for anything One time admin decided to observe my classroom because they were afraid I was as “aggressive” with the kids as I am with them. Mind you, I’m 125 lbs, shorter than my co-teacher, silly, and have over a decade’s experience as an educator.
Ability to work together well, see multiple solutions, and bring in diverse perspectives really does beat the shit out of talent almost any day of the week. I see this in my teaching work all the time: a diverse student body that works hard and is respectful of one another ALWAYS does better than a group with talent and experience. Always always always.
So you would prefer a *theoretically* free society where many groups are afraid to speak because they fear violence, and where there is factually less free speech, because you’d like more people to have the right to advocate genocide in case of a slippery slope?
Check the schedules at the Duplex and Laurie Beechman, they tend to have more family-friendly drag. If Reverend Yolanda is doing a show while you’re in town, that’s about as wholesome a drag show as you can get - it’s basically a super gay, musical church service about love and inclusion. Unfortunately a little bit low on spectacle. Is there a drag subreddit that you can cross-post to? Spectacular 12-year-old friendly drag is a bit of a niche ask, though now that you bring it up I’m really hoping it exists because, seriously, drag is for everyone.
I mean, I certainly know more about 20th century fascism than they do. They weren’t gods.
By having friends?
Then that’s a bigger problem that I can’t help you with.
Dads come and go too, when they’re pieces of shit.
This sub attracts people who are commiserating or at their lowest points. It’s just like how the /r/teachers subreddit mostly attracts posts from miserable teachers who are having serious issues and who need to complain or seek advice. Most of the people there like their jobs, but you wouldn’t know it from reading there. This subreddit is naturally gonna have very few posts saying “I have a decent job that keeps me engaged and I have a loving relationship that has its frustrations but that I wouldn’t trade.”
Can confirm, we all love your husband
Boooo you suck
I think you’ve just sort of made up some idea of what salsa I eat in your head
Check out how Tbilisi deals with roundabouts and crowded intersections. Underground pedestrian passages through big intersections, with public art and shops and all sorts of cool stuff as you’re crossing.
GOP members in California who were able to achieve statewide support (like Arnold) were sounding the alarm for YEARS that the more the GOP ignored the environment and used racist/homophobic campaigning, the closer they teetered towards being non-viable in the state. I saw it happen in my own hometown. We were a relatively mixed-politics place when I was little. By the time I graduated high school, Republican peers might as well have worn a scarlet letter because the brand was so tarnished. Californians care about gay rights and the environment. After 2004 it was hard to sympathize with Republicans. After Prop 8 it got worse. By the time Trump came around even solidly Republican districts could no longer hold their nose and vote for their tax breaks. The GOP sucked and California figured it out.
This guy reminds me of a dude going “maybe creepy rapists wouldn’t rape if more women were willing to have sex with them!” Nobody in California is obligated to sleep with the ugly, creepy GOP to avoid single-party rule. If the GOP wants to be viable, they need to shower, dress nicer, get a job, and quit being a shitty fucking creep.
&gt;the more they tried to recitative him [How cruel of them to force opera on a man who was already suffering so much.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recitative)
And if they were helping, the same people here would be talking about California over-taxing. Or spending money they don’t have. California is THE leader in environmental regulation. You guys just keep wanting excuses to complain about California. If California gave out free handjobs you’d all be whining that they didn’t provide enough tissues.
ITT: people who think that building costs have ANYTHING to do with housing costs in California Those of us who got priced out of California didn’t get priced out by expensive construction - we got priced out by supply and demand because of a constant influx of people leaving their states to come to California. A typical home in the Los Angeles suburbs has nearly quintupled in price over the past two decades. It’s not because the construction got retroactively expensive. It’s because *more people were buying homes* What will solve this are not more single-family units, btw. It’s more apartment buildings, which of course would make sense to have solar panels. Win win.
For the people priced out of tight California markets, the $10,000 is nowhere near the margin they’re facing. People get priced out by *hundreds of thousands of dollars* in California, not by tens. Whenever I see a California thread it’s obviously just going to be filled with people who want to complain. If California *actually* solved its housing problem by cities removing parking minimums and subsidizing multi-family housing, y’all would find a reason to complain too. I can see the comments now - “Commiefornia trying to make parking even more difficult!” and “great, more ugly condos, way to build up in earthquake territory” or whatever else bullshit you’ll come up with.
I grew up hovering around the poverty line in California while the prices around me were quintupling, don’t accuse me of elitism. That’s horseshit. What I’m saying is right - when you are short the price of the house by hundreds of thousands of dollars, ten thousand dollars is *meaningless*. The housing crisis in California can only really be solved with increased multi-family dense housing in our urban areas and relaxation of zoning laws that, for instance, require parking minimums. Full stop.
I found that the more I made my daily life old-fashioned, the better my ADHD got...taking time to make a decent meal focuses me, whereas relying on technology or speed just keeps me in ADHD land
If they’re gonna be that stupid about it, you might as well just teach the students about Jewish Christmas instead. https://www.tabletmag.com/jewish-life-and-religion/53569/jewish-christmas It’s better than Hanukkah anyway.
Gotta hydrate bro
Whoooaaaa guys he talked about having sex with our moms and having a big dick! Looks like we’ve got a real scary wit over here!
Shush now, little troll, it’s your bedtime.
In my experience, Diasporans in the west are very liberal compared to Hayastanci, and generally quite conservative compared to their Western surroundings. Until recently, weren’t Armenians Republican-aligned in the United States?
This. Start attending events there and network.
I mean, sometimes even with adults it’s “because we have to.” But the difference is the *we*. I don’t have many issues with authoritarian primary teachers. It’s the sugary sweet ones who never communicate directly and who don’t know how to just be an adult who kill me.
Hygiene, conversation, sense of fun and openness, and the ability to treat women like people. Women can usually tell the difference between when you’re trying to “obtain sex FROM them” versus when you’re just trying to have a good time together and that good time *includes* sex. As to the last one: men with older female siblings or single moms are generally much more sexually experienced, and it’s theorized that they reason for this is that they’re used to seeing women as peers and talking to them like humans.
A million, 700,000, 200,000...we got a lot of numbers floating around here.
I work with several model-gorgeous women, and while their attractiveness confers onto them many advantages, they basically spend their waking lives convincing people to take them seriously. It’s even worse if they have a very bright-eyed look; a woman who is steely-hot at least can play an intimidation card. My producer/writer friend with her big bright eyes and perfect body and everything else is just assumed to be an idiot by everyone, and because she’s also bubbly her demeanor doesn’t counter that. You have to really get to know her and her work before you finally clear up all the misconceptions.
I give a free pass to no one. I am saying that I am more interested in fixing the current problem than in litigating the past. Almost every single perspective on the Israeli-Palestine issue has a number of mitigating factors and contested data. There’s a reason it’s such a shitshow, and if no one can see eye to eye on the past the best we can say is “everyone deserves freedom, and safety, and a home, and equality.” And move towards that. Unfortunately people both sides use language and policy pronouncements that make their needs sound as if they require theft and/or Ethnic Cleansing Lite.
That’s not how numbers work
While that is correct, there is a very well-established tie between the spread of European-style “global conspiracy” antisemitism - specifically, Protocols of the Elders of Zions materials that spread to the Levant in the 1930s - and ensuing waves of intense and widespread violence.
That was the strangest reimagining of *Oklahoma* I ever sat through
Every morning, I drink fine-ground Turkish coffee and I keep the used grounds, which are fine enough to use in a daily- or every-other-day exfoliant. I mix the used grounds with powdered dry grounds, white sugar or crystallized honey, olive oil (should be fresh - most Americans unfortunately keep olive oil waaaay past its rancidity point). Sometimes I add a bit of rosewater. It serves as an exfoliant and a moisturizer. Super inexpensive. And I regularly get mistaken for mid-twenties even though I’m in my thirties.
I just try to go on “medication vacations” as often as possible. It lets me build up a backup supply. Really comes in handy since getting psych appointments in NYC is basically impossible.
William Finn is kind of his own genre. I’d describe it as theater music through a funhouse mirror.
The most likely scenario is somewhere in between one state and two states, with the West Bank and Gaza operating as semi-autonomous states of some kind but with some governmental overlap between Israel and Palestine. Any other scenario really fucks up the Jerusalem situation more.
Death Bed: The Bed That Eats
The next time anyone complains about New Jersey not letting people pump their own gas, show them this.
Oh man, imagining the development process for an all-ADHD, all freelance team is gonna be a geologic pace.
They have all sorts of formal events, and because they are stationed god knows where it also is nice to have live music and entertainment that is accessible to them. Entertainment has been a huge part of the American military for awhile. In WWII there were Broadway companies tasked with designing musicals that could be staged using only equipment that would be at a typical base - so they’d have complete instructions on how to make the set and costumes using various tarps and tents etc.
Stimulants are controlled substances so they are only legally allowed to give a month’s supply at a time.
“House” A doghouse in Calabasas is still gonna be a cool 300k
Young people frequently try anal sex, ESPECIALLY those who come from sex-negative households (because they think it helps “preserve their virginity”). Without lube, tearing occurs and can cause serious pain, damage, and spreading of STIs. Learning how to lube an anus means that kids who DO try that will do so safely. Likewise, young people who don’t receive comprehensive sex education often have medical issues from attempting to use unsafe objects as dildos - knowing that an anal dildo needs to be flared and that you need a clean object from proper materials is crucial. Ask any doctor from before sex Ed was a big deal - kids have been shoving things inside their holes from time immemorial. Also - improperly applied cock rings can also cause lasting damage. Any kid who has internet access for even a few minutes a day can easily learn what all these things are, and they do. The point of the education is to make sure that they have the *medically correct* information so that they don’t cause lasting damage. Based on everything I’ve ever witnessed in a sex Ed class, the conversation is usually “most of you probably won’t try this for a long time, and you should always wait until you feel 100% ready and actually want to do these. But for when or if you do, here’s how to do it safely.”
Alternatively: kids who are interested in sex early will learn about it SOMEWHERE, from someone, as soon as they can. Kids who aren’t, Won’t. This creates a bias among those who weren’t that interested in sex when they were young, of “well no one I knew knew what a blow job was in elementary school!” And it’s like, of course they didn’t. Because they didn’t care and weren’t gonna do it for awhile. But the kids whose sexual curiosity came up early *definitely knew*, and so it’s important that those kids get educated on safety.
Cruise ship gigs have behavioral/content agreements. Private events have behavioral/content agreements. Late night television typically has an agreement or a specific part of your act (the “Tight Five”) that’s already been vetted that they want you to do. This was a gig offered not by a university but by a student union, which has the license to exercise discretion and to set standards. Almost any gigging artist in any field finds these types of news completely unsurprising. And certainly not new or modern or “emblematic of the times”. George Carlin’s entire career came about because he began rejecting these kinds of gigs in order to get more artistic freedom. Doesn’t mean the gigs just disappeared from 1969 until 2015. It just means professionals rarely if ever talked about them. And if they did, they almost always joked and complained about them. Because *they are gigs* and a particularly square kind of gig at that. Using student union gig requirements as a referendum on free speech is like using the “Broadway’s Best!” concert on your cruise ship to assess the health of American Drama.
Ursula is the Disney equivalent of a payday loan officer
Amputate legs, remove kidney and appendix
Seriously, this guy is Jason from *The Good Place*. “Homie, I tried to impress my date by lying about an allergy, but then I had to go to the hospital anyway all because my moped broke.”
Honestly: most of the best people I know who help people for a living tripped and fell into the gig the way you did.
Seriously. If it weren’t for brown people the English would still be eating unseasoned jellied eels and calling it cuisine. You can’t call yourself a great civilization if you don’t know how to season properly.
Say something IF it happens again. For now just let it go.
His post history does include a broken moped so I’m gonna choose to believe this is real, because it makes me happy.
I fucking dare you to go into the men’s restroom at work and say the same thing.
She has a mental illness that makes acting on the information you are providing for her very difficult.
Being good at desserts is only impressive if you are ALSO good at normal everyday meals. English cuisine being praised for having good desserts is like praising a guy with no dick for having huge balls.
There was a closed call for composer-lyricist proposal submissions back before they committed fully to it being a jukebox. There were some fantastic approaches and entries that would have made for fabulous theater. Shame and such wasted potential.
Los Angeles and Bay Area are pretty killer for food options, but overall I’m good with your point.
What Brooklyn neighborhood are you moving to? The only Brooklyn neighborhood that’s still technically a “bad” neighborhood is East New York, but nobody told me that when I first moved here and taught chorus there and I thought it was just fine. Honestly the only times I’ve ever been truly scared or threatened here have been in “nice” neighborhoods.
Yup. Entertainment and politics are the only ones with big recognizable names that can grab headlines. Nobody’s gonna run a news story about sexual harassment from a middle manager at a paper distributor.
Sounds like he’s dumb
Great meals without desserts is favorable to great desserts with shitty meals. And a “decent meal” - aka something edible that’s not disgusting - isn’t exactly a selling point. I feel like you’re proving my exact point about English cuisine with your half-hearted defense. I’m from New York and have done extended stays in Armenia, Georgia, Israel, Italy, Germany, and England, with a lot of shorter stays elsewhere. Traditional English cuisine is basically on a par with low-end diner food in the rural midwestern United States. It’s world-famous for its shittiness for a reason. (London food is great, but that’s because it’s a whole mix of immigrant cuisines.)
There is a whole host of “extended techniques” that strings can use to sound creepy - harmonics, col legno (this is often done with pencils instead of bows), snap pizz, bowing under the bridge, etc.
This is incredibly disheartening.
Oh damn, that’s some hardcore shit.
Dude you’ve legit got antisemitism [right in this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/a69syu/comment/ebu2ygu?st=JPPHINMO&amp;sh=ac309fd7)
That’s why I keep raw eggs in my pockets at all times
This. I always buy my niece and nephew musical instrument sets.
It took me nearly two years of struggle to put on 30 pounds to get to a normal weight. Overeating is extremely difficult for me. I lost it all, purely by accident. Gaining weight is simple but not easy.
Dude, go up to the comment thread originator and you’ll see that it does *exactly what you’re talking about* - takes our focus off of the Palestinian-Israeli situation and onto the topic of anti-semitism. Except it does it by saying basically “oh geez looks like someone’s gonna call this anti-semitic”. Step One: Derail conversation by bringing up how often people cry anti-semitism Step Two: Wait for people to respond with examples of actual anti-semitism Step Three: Claim that THOSE people were the ones detailing the conversation even though you prompted their response
Jews =\= Israelis Also you didn’t even bother writing “some Jews” or even “most Jews.” You just wrote “Jews”, like they’re all united and doing the same thing in agreement. You know. Like an anti-Semite would.
That’s because the people advocating for it were just kind of living their lives in their liberal enclaves, and then with the internet and bathroom bills everybody else learned about it and “struck back”
Barbershops are a major “watering hole” in African-American communities - loyal followings, lots of socializing, it’s where all the news and gossip happens.
Yup. It is worth noting that some of the strongest criticism of Israel comes from areas in the United States with the largest Jewish population. Partly because we (American Jews) tend to be much more aware of what is actually going on on the ground there, and also because we are not as interested in bringing about the end of days.
Due to the skewed male/female ratio in NYC, I used to joke that all I [straight male] had to do to be an 8/10 on a first date was just to show up having bathed within the past two days.
Did you fish it out and keep it? Marbles are surprisingly expensive dude
In cold weather it can be.
Since only about 1/4 of gay men practice anal sex regularly, I think it’s safe to say your mom’s answer was wrong.
Fun evidence for the gun rights brigade: at 12:58 pm EST, the two critical comments in this thread have EXACTLY 42 downvotes each, while the top response to each has exactly 29 upvotes. *no 2A brigading here, just lots of coincidences* Edit: at 10:42 pm EST, the top responses to each pro-control comment have identical upvote counts of 55.
Fresh Fish can also smell really ambiguous/fishy depending on where you buy it from. NYC Chinatown fish markets ALWAYS smell fishy because of the ice and waste they dump on the street at the end of the day, and no matter if I buy the freshest cleanest fish there it WILL have some residual fish smell on it.
My current gf and I went a full year amazed at how mature and healthy our conflict resolution was. Then one evening I started a fight over her lack of respect for the integrity of a chimichanga I was eating. That she had ordered for me because she knew I’d be arriving tired and hungry. Our first fight was over her chimichanga cutting process.
Yeah I was thinking with a sick pompadour and slightly boxier/more angular glasses you could have a seriously handsome styled-nerd/new wave look going. Stay gold ponyboi
In addition to the whole “being open on Christmas” thing - American Chinese food is very friendly to the needs of *appearing* kosher - there’s no dairy, which made it unique among American immigrant cuisines as being compatible with the whole “no meat with milk” issue.
In the Borscht Belt, maybe
&gt;gun violence Somebody didn’t read the article
ITT: a lot of snarky comments about how “Australia still has gun violence!” that didn’t read the article. Which is about sharp objects.
https://www.pennmedicine.org/news/news-releases/2014/january/survival-rates-similar-for-gun &gt; A third of patients with gunshot wounds (33.0 percent) died compared with 7.7 percent of patients with stab wounds. Fatality rates for gunshots are much worse than for knife wounds. Additionally, gunshot victims are more likely to die before emergency attention arrives; since most gun v knife fatality studies only measure who survived *when medical care was applied*, numbers are greatly skewed in most studies. Finally: while a knife has a slight advantage in close quarters, a gun has a huge distance advantage. For more analysis of why: https://www.google.com/amp/s/m.mic.com/articles/amp/33921/lone-star-college-mass-stabbing-6-reasons-why-knives-are-not-as-deadly-as-guns
I’ve been speaking about nothing but rates in each post I make here. Perhaps you think you’re talking to someone else?
Why is it my job to take a fanciful premise and spend several minutes coming up with a bunch of things that I think would be interesting in the middle of a busy travel season, when my instinct is that anything I could spend fifteen minutes spinning would just be met with “yeah but...” from you? You don’t like the premise, and you’re trying to turn that into some objective fact for the rest of us. And then you want US to do the writer’s job for you and your job for you. Spend a couple minutes thinking about what a single person in a world with infrastructure but no other people could do or not do and what he could struggle with instead of bragging about your imagination.
Take some time off drinking and most importantly *schedule activities that are difficult to show up drunk to or drink at*. Volunteering, get-together with sober friends, babysitting for friends or family with kids, non-beer-friendly athletic activities, etc. The biggest contributors to alcoholism are cold weather (which restricts activities) and boredom, and that’s for a reason. Alcohol dulls boredom. Make sure you’re less bored and you fix the problem.
“Cunts” is considered a very offensive word in NYC, and if you call someone that you will probably get punched in the face. Which I’m sure will make many people in your hometown very, very pleased.
I don’t take my medication regularly but I still like to have it around for when I can feel things are getting to be too much so that I can reduce to an “intermediate mode”. Sometimes playing on hard mode is exhilarating and stimulating and exactly what I need. Sometimes it’s just trying to finish a quest and getting knocked down for no good reason. I like the ability to switch between modes. Depending on the meds and the plan you’re on, this doesn’t have to be a binary choice. I treat it like a cane - I use it when I need it.
Subscribe to TheaterMania Gold Club ($99), it will have a bunch of options for great events that are normally expensive but only $5 a ticket through them, and the website helps you narrow down options. Jazz clubs, theater, radio plays, rap shows, opera, walking tours...it’s some good shit. And the first three weeks of January are when the best stuff pops up. Source: am poor person who does badass date nights.
If you’re not paying for the place, it’s not *your* place. Go with the flow of other people and respect the direction the room is going.
Everyone in New York just feels like one big Italian-Jewish-Dominican...who is also gay. God bless my city.
I don’t really know square footage, but I remember the daughter of a very rich actor had an entire floor of an apartment building in Soho that was a converted industrial place...so about 1/3 of a downtown block was hers.
You willingly joined a group that you acknowledge is tactically, ideologically, and morally repugnant and are offended when other people make snap judgments about you for it. You had good intentions and your heart was in the right place, but people are completely right to make a reasonable assumption about you based on the company you keep. The mere fact of you voting for these clowns is an action that is a negative action in the world, and you should not be surprised or disappointed when people hold you responsible for your associations.
NYC made up for that by having an insanely wide variety of architectural styles and designs, as well as some of the biggest and best urban parks in the world scattered throughout the city.
“I really enjoy it when you poop on my chest”
Having once seen a very good retooled production of Anyone Can Whistle: **No**. It is not a watchable show by any means, no matter what you do to it. A few very nice moments in a sea of dreck, which is what you say when you leave a bad relationship.
Yeah but their woodworking is fire
Unfortunately their fireworking is wood
YTA, plenty of people want a smaller house and smaller yard for exactly the same reason - that maintenance and cleaning a place that huge is REALLY HARD. There’s a reason why the stereotype of a tiny middle class New York Apartment with three kids is immaculate and tidy, and the stereotype of a big middle class Midwestern house with three kids is messy. It’s not because midwesterners are messier. It’s because a smaller place is EASIER TO CLEAN FULL STOP. Also why do three people need five rooms?
Yeah but the flavor is baller. Chinese people are used to eating things with bones and spitting out the bones, shells, etc. It’s weird at first but you figure it out and after a few tries it becomes second nature.
Oh my god Americanized western food. A cafe latte is a glass of milk with a splash of coffee. Pizza has corn and hot dogs on it. I had a penne arrabbiata that was a runny soup. They have mayonnaise twinkies (as in, filled with mayonnaise instead of cream) that are rolled in meat powder. They call it “French Food”. They also call corn dogs “French Food”. They have a thing called “California Beef Noodles”. Nope. Not a thing. Their salsa is diced tomatoes with vinegar. It goes on. And this is in Shanghai, which is famous for having the most Western options (and, to be fair, there are usually a few places who are actually giving something close to the real thing). I shudder to think what is offered elsewhere.
Difference is in Asia they give you a sticky white rice to go with it
&gt;Chinese food &gt;healthy Am in China now. This is a myth. Have never had greasier food in my entire life.
Yeah Sichuan food and Cantonese food are both baller. The east coast big city food is like if American midwestern food were like “let’s get weird”. So much sugar and grease.
Everything bad that happened in China is a “mistake” or an “overreach” or an “unfortunate error”. Only in China can you kill 40 million people and have it referred to as “ill-advised aspects of the campaign”
China is an enormous place. Where your chefs are from makes a big difference. You know, like if you thought San Francisco and Oxford Mississippi had the same diet
&gt;ketchup &gt;Mexican restaurant Wtf are you talking about
I can’t find them, actually - so maybe YOU can find them and show them to me.
Finger traps are also traced back to Germany, originally having been one-sided and referred to as ″Mädchenfänger" (girl catcher)
Every source you provide bases that piece of information on a single cable by a single source - one British diplomat, Sir Alan Donald, who himself is basing his account on an unnamed source. Do you have a single source for this fact that doesn’t rely 100% on Sir Alan Donald’s unnamed source? Because if it runs counter to the accounts of nearly every other western journalist and diplomat who was in Beijing at the time, maybe it’s, you know, a little sensationalist. Beijing was filled with journalists and westerners at the time who provided their accounts. Why did no one else say this?
Yeah, that’s a little more complicated than it appears. You are conflating religion and ethnicity. The Hui Muslims largely practice openly and in peace and are left alone. Outside of Xinjiang Province Uyghurs and other Muslim groups practice openly as well. Was just out west and people were glad to talk about their faith and were very satisfied. In Xinjiang, though - that’s where the CCP is trying to stamp out separatism. And so they are targeting Uyghur Muslims, and their faith, pretty ruthlessly. I am not saying this to excuse the awful actions of one of the most authoritarian major governments in the world. I hate those motherfuckers too. I am saying this because the more absurd claims that we make about them online, the easier it is for them to refute these claims by saying that the west is biased against them.
Honestly, the amount of bullshit posted only gives credence to the (evil, authoritarian) Chinese Government’s claims that the West is lying. Tiananmen Square Massacre doesn’t need exaggeration to sound more horrific. It was a brutal government crackdown on protesters and workers that resulted in hundreds of deaths that has met thirty years of denial. There is no need for us to inflate numbers or make the government’s actions go from unjust and authoritarian to *cartoonishly evil*. China is not eradicating Muslims. They are doing forced re-education of Uyghur Muslims in Xinjiang Province, while leaving Hui Muslims and Uyghurs outside of Xinjiang Province (which has had issues with separatism) alone. Still horrific. Still worthy of condemnation. But anyone who hears those claims of China eradicating Muslims and then goes to a Hui Muslim community or attends the Shanghai Muslim Market or sees Muslims practicing openly in all the other Western provinces begins to doubt the *valid* criticism. No, Winnie the Pooh is not banned in China. I’m working in China right now temporarily. You can buy Winnie the Pooh dolls everywhere. What do you think gets sold at Shanghai Disney? No, Chinese people are not kept completely ignorant. Guangdong Province for example has access to Hong Kong journalism, and has something resembling hard-hitting journalism (by Chinese standards), to the point that everyone I know from that province knows about Tiananmen Square and is pretty clear-eyed about their government’s shittiness. No, China is not North Korea. People will talk about the government and politics openly in public spaces. But they will not dare to do so in their workplace, or attend a protest, or make any indication of taking action. The fear is palpable, but it is not Thoughtcrime-level. Yet. Real things are happening here. The government inspects International Schools to make sure they are using “correct” textbooks, and schools have to confiscate/hide their history books. Shanghai government stopped giving licenses to new International Schools to crack down on outside ideas. And there is a very real attempt to drive out foreign influence that I and other outsiders feel on a very immediate level. But we must be honest and correct about our criticism. The kind of nonsense that I see on Reddit on a daily basis is so absurd and so filled with lies that from time to time I look at Chinese-affiliated propaganda that is only slightly less inaccurate and it makes me wonder for a second if maybe other information that I have been given is wrong. And that is scary. We should be better than them.
They don’t need a reason to do it, they need tools to demolish our credibility. Nothing demolishes our credibility more than repeatedly asserting false claims.
Not in ten years it isn’t
Electoral College will prevent that, and will mean that the people in the Plains States will look even more selfish when they try to justify their 600,000 people having an equal number of votes to China’s 1.4 billion.
&gt;When water levels are rising, climb to higher ground That’s a dumb saying. What else counts as a classic epithet in Colorado, “eat when hungry”?
The information that you’re posting here is based on a single cable by Sir Alan Howard, and is largely unsupported by factual evidence or other contemporary eyewitness accounts. Almost all other sources put the death toll at around 300-1,000, provide no evidence or even eyewitness corroboration for the “pie fires”, and in fact the famous video of Tank Man shows the row of tanks unwilling to run him over. Still terrible, no doubt. But when you spread such blatant and unsupported disinformation it makes the Sinophiles look more rational when they say “the West lies about us!”
And then the Cultural Revolution came along and killed millions more
I’m from NYC, so the minute I have to drive it is already too far away.
If he wants homogeneity he better stay the fuck out of the entire west and north of China. China actually takes a lot of pride in its 50+ native ethnic minorities, and while we may struggle to see the differences between them they’re there. Motherfucker is basically limited to, like, Henan Province. Which is the kind of shithole he deserves to live in.
This is a bit of a slanted Western reading of what happened. Truth be told, a huge part of the protests was communists protesting the capitalist-oriented market reforms that Deng and his faction had introduced, as well as the market fluctuations and loss of certain benefits and guarantees that the previous system had brought. While the party is Communist in name, it is closer to bureaucratic capitalism. It is tempting for us to see this as a communist/capitalist dichotomy, but it was really more of a democratic communism versus authoritarian-bureaucratic capitalism thing.
&gt;civilized people &gt;North Texas Choose one. North Texas ain’t San Antonio, buddy.
AFL-CIO numbers indicate that Union members favored Hillary by a 19-point margin. So your friends are not a representative sample https://rewire.news/article/2018/08/13/want-white-working-class-voters-support-democrats-strengthen-unions/
The common and the garden are among the shittiest city parks I’ve ever been to. The common is basically a large greenish slope with walkways.
Oh my god get over yourself Every single time a teacher has a serious boundary or strategy that works, some dumbass on this board has to talk about how positive their teaching is. “I build rapport!” Wow big deal. EVERYBODY builds rapport. There’s nothing special about you. The only thing unique about you right now is that you are talking about how great you are while downplaying sexual harassment. Edit: Of COURSE you teach Elementary. So let me get this straight, you exclusively teach pre-pubescents and want to tell a teacher how to handle a thirteen-year-old boy complimenting her and touching her? Ugh Primary teachers are either the best or the worst people. Guess which one you are.
Sour candy is basically a fruit equivalent, I’d I’d pair it with a really sharp aged cheese.
Living is easier. Visiting I imagine is very hard.
I’m just saying, you went soft on those 8th graders
Admin are always chasing silver bullets. So they’ll give every single student a tablet instead of, say, increasing the copy machine budget. Or try a new reward model instead of empowering teachers to hold students accountable. Or implement brand new techniques and standards across-board instead of focusing on improving what they have and being consistent. Additionally, 504 and IEP requirements tend to suck a LOT of resources. Almost everything wrong with schools can be traced to a few factors: 1) Shitty admin This includes admin who fail to document properly, which is how shitty teachers get tenure; admin who fail to properly support their teachers, which is how burnout and turnover occurs; and admin who fail to adequately cull and manage their student population, which is how the job of teaching gets harder and harder. They also tend to shiny resources towards big projects instead of long-haul improvements. 2) Environment This is local economic and cultural pressures like poverty and segregation on the one hand or massive entitlement on the other. Racial and therefore socioeconomic segregation is frequently responsible for herding students with additional needs all into the same school, which overtaxed resources and makes teaching and administering an uphill battle. 3) Gov standards Standardized testing, tying budgets to dropout rates (if one problem student drops out, the other 24 students in the class can focus and perform better!), and an environment that requires extensive documentation for everything hampers school abilities to do their jobs.
Shockingly little. And a digital system in a large school can replace an entire network of hall monitors and admin who handle truancy.
I forgive you
Yeah it might actually be a spicy milkshake
&gt;Why walk a minute when you can drive 10 seconds What a waste of a human being
It is unclear whether the Chinese are generally dishonest, or inept to the point of maliciousness. Whatever it is, it is unlike anything any of us has experienced anywhere else in the world. I used to genuinely believe “people are generally the same, and fundamentally good, everywhere you go”. Then I came to China.
NYC is geographically segregated but functionally de-segregated. People of different races are far more likely to work together, socialize together, and interact on a daily basis than people in less segregated cities. Additionally, while NYC is largely sorted by race, they are small pockets of race that keep changing every few blocks. In most other US cities there’s the white section, and the black section.
They don’t see New York and Los Angeles as real places, or their inhabitants as real people. If I said to them about their hometowns what they say about mine, I’d get punched in the face.
It was recommended to me by a friend in the state department who pointed out that a friend of mine had technically been human trafficked.
Several of the large international schools here brought in the majority of their employees under the wrong visa. We aren’t talking websites or headhunters. We are talking major companies in China.
I am not expecting results. I am merely following the instructions of my friend in the state department, who I assume knows more about this than you do. Unless you are an expert in US China relations and employment law.
Every time I feel like I’ve gotten a grasp on just how toxic the long-term ex-pat community in this particular city can be, somebody comes around and prove me wrong. The Chinese government is bad. The long-term ex-pat residents are worse.
