You get way more value back than what you pay though. It costs the same as a game per year and you get dozens for it. Plus great discounts on the store.
Sleeping is just wasting a 3rd of your life
They'll never notice
Welsh Harry
Just won in the 95th minute against town rivals to keep the team in title race. It really doesn't matter how the goal was scored now does it.
YASSSSSS
DO YOU LIKE PASSION INSIDE YOU?
As a tourist myself who only got to my first Anfield game early this year after many years supporting the Reds I guarantee I was one of the loudest people at the ground. Apologies for ruining it though.
You can just say RDO
3 isn't. Don't @ me
That was painful, but getting all the Gwent cards was even more of a bitch.
Nah Crushing isn't as bad as it seems. Once you figure out the "don't take cover" technique it's actually pretty easy.
Check out Hollow Knight. Not exactly what you're after, but I think you might enjoy the style
Really love these, but too bloody expensive.
Ok, but I'm no good with widow.
Do NOT get a job to work from home. That was the worst mistake of my ADHD life
You know yourself better than I do, but working from home for me was torture. Just a constant feeling of dread due to procrastination and not being able to enjoy your time off. It snowballed to a point that I went into a pretty bad depression and would more often than not just stare at the wall getting lost in my own anxious thoughts rather than doing any work. Had to quit for my own mental health and I now work an 8 hour day and can "switch off" at the end and not think about work at all. I'm much happier for it.
I'm not an overeater personally, but I do have a problem with eating healthy when I do eat. My mind just rejects the idea of it, even though I know that I need to.
Best advice I can offer is to focus on one thing at a time. Write down a list of what needs to be done, pick the easiest/quickest one and just focus on that until it is done. Then move on to the next one, and then the next. I find it always helps to write things down and let that be my point of reference instead of trying to organise everything in my own stupid, unreliable brain.
I've never bothered with meds, but I might have to now haha
Hey mate, did you end up seeing somebody for a diagnosis? I'm at a point (28M from Perth) where I feel like I should see somebody and I have the exact same worries that you do. Have any insight for me?
MACARONI!
Bred Bred Bredbredbred
I see the problem. You haven't actually started the game yet. That's all tutorial.
Yes it is definitely repetitive, but with a game that's built around the traversal and fighting mechanics, what else would you want to be doing?
Who says I want to improve? I'm pretty happy with my current rank.
"oooh, that seems to have popped it back into place"
They're interesting af if you get a good runner.
AGDQ provides some great cringe. I love the one where the guy is speaking about his dead dad and finished with something like "love you dad" and there's an awkward silence until the runner says "I love you too son". Fucking lost my shit when that happened.
Oh shit, so what does Hullum do now?
Shaqiri Hulk smash ended me
Hahaha Jurgen with the double dick jerk celebration again!
&gt;Dreamy. You already said Alisson
People with WiiUs
But it was in the wiiu one so I doubt that's the case.
X Stationdo.
oof RIP Housemarque
Nah, that dude had breakfast after England lost. He's a troubled youth
Don't bundle all Chelsea fans together like that. I'm sure there are dickhead LFC supporters that you wouldn't want to associate with too.
Don't they come with white laces?
The v looks best, but should only be worn by Vic teams imo.
Good, maybe they can explain to me why they wore a V on their jumpers.
Sweet summer child
Train car = ?
Why jump straight to aggressive? Is that just your default attitude when talking to people?
Reputable journalists don't post without 2 septate sources confirming a story. I bet this guy doesn't even have one.
This sounds like a disclaimer on a tinder profile.
That's probably why he hasn't opened them
They made a 5 goal difference
I wanna know how he scored that goal
He would pay for himself with all the US marketing.
Saw that when it happened. Really hoped somebody posted it haha
We love destroying busses from Manchester
What's it called?
We can't care for two things?
Perth cunt checking in
I reckon the team practices oppo corners more than our own
hughughugh
Also that stupid submarine hub area was annoying to navigate.
You say he/she.
Is it a prank though? If it's stolen off your property and used in an incorrect way surely that's on the person who stole it?
I laughed mate
What about barbed wire fence? Are they illegal? Or those gates with the spikes on top
Who says Australia has no culture.
They'll never find another manager to replace Moyes
Hey guys... Are we the best team in the world?
They offer full training
Nah fuck the /s It completely ruins the humour. Yes it means people will mistake you from time to time, but you take the good with the bad. Commit to that shit.
I am Steve Rogers
How did you know that I spoke for all PS4 users?
This is what I came to write. Glad it's top
You can't speak about always sunny and scrubs in the same sentence
Because Scrubs isn't funny
Y
Yeah it's really low res
Look out everyone. Hall monitor coming through
I hate that Marcus is the face of Detroit, he's easily the least interesting one. It should be Connor
I don't think you know what sarcasm is
pfft speak for yourself
Reds are ugly af
With grey tongue? EDIT: nvm just bad lighting
Tbf they're still better than most the crap that gets posted here.
/u/opifool is tier 1
Ok so I should apologise. I got my pair today and the red laces are actually pretty dope. They look a lot better in person than in the videos I saw.
Suarez was pretty good
He might have been expecting something more like the new God of War if that was his first entry to the series.
That's beside the point of the thread
Do you buy Take-Two games? They're the worst of the lot.
That's like the least annoying thing in the world. PS+ is cheap af and you get so many games for it throughout the year.
You can't suck your legs and ass in
Can we play Arsenal every week?
Not too late to get it overturned
:*insert birdbox meme*
I just assumed that he did judging from the comments in here.
Did anybody actually expect that to be good though?
Welcome to comic books
I couldn't finish that one
Nobody here actually been to a game
Maybe we're sick of low-effort trump posts?
Don't they take a special time-out just for an ad break?
Who do ex-Sonics fans support now? OKC?
Is Terry Crews just the nicest coolest guy in the world or what?
If he ever runs for Prime Minister of Australia I'll keep that in mind.
Giraffes are pretty pointless though
Joker uses knives doesn't he?
Hopefully you have bits of skin ripped off during the fight. Few punches to the head = removed eye, etc
There just hasn't been a way to make them look asain until now without using racist stereotypes
We just want the maskless face
You absolutely can
LFC v FCB was the real final.
What difference does it make who he supports?
I rate him as a pundit, but I'll always hate the puffy vest wearing cunt.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far
They always look better on your feet than in the box
MY CABBAGES!
Even if Hendo was as good as Stevie I think the fact that Steve was a boyhood Red and a scouser will always hold him in higher esteem.
Do you think the trauma of seeing somebody splatter on the road next to you as you drive past would be more convenient than having to take an alternate route?
I think Origi would easily bang in 10-15 as a starter.
Either behind the back or at least by the side. You see players do it all the time and they're never going to cost their team a goal.
HELLOOO MRS DAVID
If those are the traits he looks for in a clubs fans then you should take it as a compliment that he chose Southampton in the first place.
Does that really say much though? I know Sonic is very nostalgic for a lot of people, myself included, but it really isn't very good is it. EDIT: I tried saying it in a nice way, but you fanboys are downvoting anyway sooo... SONIC FUCKING SUCKS, NERDS.
&gt;Been said before, but 13/14 Sturridge was a *privilege* to watch week in week out FTFY
Which character do you enjoy voicing the most and why is it Lemongrab?
6 by far
I think you're getting your jimmies all rustled over nothing tbh. Get over it lol surely you have better things to be worrying about than me.
Says the guy who's never been to Liverpool.
So you care about me?
Your mind says no, but your body says yes
I'm not trying to be a cunt or anything here, but that's literally the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard. Props for sharing, it gave me a good laugh.
Exact opposite for me. First game was steaming dog shit, but couldn't get enough of 2.
Can somebody throw together a playlist with all the best tracks?
For $10 you should be getting both! Also Witcher 3 complete for $15 is an absolute steal if you haven't played it yet.
Fuck that really pissed me off.
It's not gambling because you can't win money. You only put in money so you're technically just paying to play a game.
&gt;over do
Try Overwatch. There's lootboxes, but you earn plenty of them just from playing. No need to spend money.
What's the age cut-off for paedophilia?
Hard as motherfuckers
Nice
BUT I'M A LOYAL SUPPORTER AND I'M FROM LIIIIIIIIIVERPOOOOOOOL
Skrtel was a fucking defensive beast there for a couple of seasons. Him and Agger together were amazing
Or the "I worked overtime 3 years straight on this game and I miss my family so i really hope it's successful" nervous cheering.
There was a solid year or two where mobiles games were looking really good / promising. The Angry Birds / PvZ era before everything turned to shit.
Seems like Muslims generally do have a way worse quality of life than Mormons though, yeah? Especially Muslim women.
Bad Guy - Billie Eilish for me. I actually really like the song so it's better than the days when I have a song I hate stuck in my head. Still very distracting though.
I did say it was just the first thing I pulled off Google. Doesn't change the fact that it was so bad that square needed to take over. If it was THAT bad, I can't imagine they kept a whole lot.
What's the point of customisation for any fps game?
lol is every enemy voiced by Gilbert Gottfried?
Keanu would want you to read it
I'm sure she has nothing to do with the promotion of her albums and probably doesn't know wtf is going on.
Seems a lot easier to just use the dollar sign and everybody will still know what he means.
Or he's Australian? America isn't the only country that uses dollars.
The money we will get for him won't make a difference to the club. Might as well try him out.
Never hurt in the first place. Was just so glad to be there.
That suits Tony's character
Peter Dinklage?
I wish you could just use only tactical mode. Otherwise it's not a remake at all, just a reimagining or an adaptation.
I mean... You're just naming games without knowing if they're actually going to be good or not.
Same, me too
Can anybody confirm if they put in the classic ST skin with the goatee and black eye paint?
Tv show, not movie. Made by the same guy that made drive and neon demon I believe.
That rhymes
I'm not as virtuous as you claim to be.
Haha he's more successful now than he's ever been you moron.
Greg chose fame over friendship. He knew more than anybody that Colin is not a sexist but instead of backing him up, he put out a public apology and condemned Colin. Twat
&gt;in an industry/environment that is supposed to be inclusive and welcoming. The games media is anything but inclusive and welcoming. How many right leaning game journalists do you know of?
&gt; didn’t want to be associated with someone who often says things that he couldn’t align with. They were best friends, not just business associates. You don't turn your back on a friend because it might make you look bad.
I simmed through the entire season and it did in fact change over in the following off-season. Thank god
I can't stand PC gaming. I switched from PS4 to PC a few years ago and it was torture. Half the time is spent troubleshooting and the other half was sitting at an uncomfortable desk. The mods were almost worth it, but every time the game updated it would fuck up the mods and just become a buggy mess. Then you have to troubleshoot that too. Switched back to PS4 after a few months and only use PC begrudgingly and very rarely for games which I have to play on it.
Why are they in reverse order?
Don't feel bad for Southampton. Most businesses would kill for a trade partnership as good as this. We pay very fairly.
That game is very overrated. I bought it on switch and it's really not great.
Do you have a pet?
Because owning a pet would be cruel by your logic. Unless you don't consider pets to have souls.
Until it lands on top of his head.
Too much wanksting
Good. Always thought Alanah could do better. Never liked him
Always just imagined Klopp wearing his glasses on the pitch.
I don't in the sense of caring for inanimate objects feelings, but I DEFINITELY have a problem with assigning sentimental value to things which I don't need. I have a room in my house which is full of boxes of my stuff from when I was a kid. My partner is always trying to get me to throw them out, but it will literally destroy me. My drawers are full of my old clothes which wouldn't even fit any more. School and work uniforms from years ago and all my clothes which I actually use are on a pile on the floor.
It's the sugar
&gt;I'll be the first to condemn gambling because it's completely pointless and it's extremely harmful, That's a pretty ignorant point of view. Both of those statements are incorrect
You fucking idiot
Yeah seriously. Anything worth knowing comes up here and you don't have to read tabloid rags to get it.
Greg has definitely said that at least twice
Kinda funny changed their content to target a younger audience and this comes with the territory.
Weirdos stalking/harassing her online basically because they think they are entitled to her friendship.
If there was another car in the shot they won't process it.
Speaking from a personal point of view. My group of mates and most of my family have been putting bets on sports for a long time. None of us are broke or criminals. I would say that it's a vast majority of people who do it for fun and can control themselves. Smoking is pointless and harmful Gambling is fun and possibly profitable. I know I'm certainly up a lot more than when I started.
Looks like Chris has to buy 2 PS5s
YES!!! You're correct thank you so much. Solved!
It's terrible. Even $8 is a rip-off. Just get 2 it's infinitely better.
Entirely depends on his recovery.
It seemed like they just didn't want a fight to break out. Definitely seen a few biffos start out this way.
What would they be?
Out of curiosity, why did you not play it sooner? You didn't believe everybody when they said it was the best game of all time?
Other than the last two, what are the other 2 not-wonderful seasons?
Not if they're second hand
Is there an episode dedicated to Fast and the Furious? I would be very interested in hearing anybody defend those.
Ah yes, the superpower where you repeat something over and over in your head so you don't forget it and still somehow forget it.
Dude literally who cares. You are coming across as a huge nerd asshole right now.
SEEGAAAAA!
Guinea PIGS
The combat sections are definitely hack and slash, but there's a lot of down time and traversal that slows the game right down. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but if op wants a super fast paced game like dmc5 then maybe Nier isn't what he's after.
Then why are you recommending games that aren't even close to hack and slash?
I strongly disagree. Other than the final boss, sekiro was a breeze compared to bloodborne/Dark souls
As bad as this movie is, and it's fucking terrible, I won't have a bad word spoken about the cinematography. A beautiful disaster.
Looks like a swans game from mid-late 2000's with that congestion.
43 is quite normal especially for such a large game.
He's going to, once again, steal Clynes position.
So do I and I just told him to go fuck himself for what he did to my boy JI.
Anybody else getting ASMR off this?
Don't act as if you're too mature to enjoy a good piss, fart and funny voice movie.
He already made Jack and Jill
I think the switch needs it because, other than the pro controller, their controllers are shit for accurate aiming. The DS4 can aim precisely without the need for it, so devs have just never bothered implementing it.
GET IN THE FLASK!
A little of both. Obviously he didn't start the fires, but he's not allocating any budget toward helping the volunteers. There are people who have been battling for over a month without pay and his response is just that "they volunteered, they want to be there". Meanwhile these heros have been away from their families for Christmas and some are dying. He's also denying that climate change is a factor in this so he won't be pressured into allocating any budget away from the coal industry.
I don't know about that, but the volunteers aren't receiving any support. "They're volunteers, they want to be there".
What a fucking G
UK specifically. We're nothing like mainland Europe.
*shitcunts
Don't take an amazing gesture like this and try to use it to make someone else look bad.
Definitely not better weather. If that were the case we wouldn't be in this thread.
I know that, but why can't utd be called Sheffield? Are Wednesday the default Sheffield team or something?
Well considering you need to be champions of your continent to even get in is pretty tough.
That's communism
I'm completely calm and you knew exactly what you were doing.
I never said it was, but they obviously don't want to be there like he says.
I wouldn't personally, but I wouldn't think it was offensive to utd if somebody were to.
I still always shout "GSF FO LIFE, FOOL" when rollin' on some fools.
Maybe she's a nice person? Why do you assume the negative?
I can only think of Lord Farquard.
He left because he was betrayed
Why do you need to see them? It adds literally nothing.
I was right
Every word you type is proving me more and more correct. Keep going
Fair enough
&gt;You’re definitely proving me wrong Thank you
This is absolutely false. This is just the narrative that people run with to justify their ridiculous behaviour.
Colin has mentioned Greg and Nick in positive memories and how he wishes them the best. He hasn't said anything about Tim like... at all. I think that speaks volumes.
Yeah I agree, this is obviously a desperate reach to try and pull back some of the fans they've lost in droves lately. Using a product that's associated with Colin to do so is a really bad look.
I'm sure it will be fine, but it won't be PSILYXOXO. That was Colin's show. Greg was always the sideshow.
They were more than coworkers, don't try to twist the facts. Greg put out a public statement condemning Colin's actions to save his own ass. You don't do that to your best friend over something so insignificant as a dad joke. Ride or die
&gt;If Greg made the same joke he'd have gotten the same initial response You don't honestly believe this, surely.
I don't know what to tell you. You're wrong
I tried to play P4G. Had to stop after about 2 hours of the most obnoxiously long/boring text and story with zero gameplay. I'm sure the game gets good, but I just couldn't do it.
Cool story
Nope
Pogna will get there one day if he believes in himself.
lol...what?
Maybe they ordered those shells for the actual ps5, but decided it was ugly so they used it for the dev kits instead to not make it a complete waste of money.
You won't find many adventure games with survival and crafting mechanics. RE7 and RE2 remake are both action/adventure with survival, but no crafting.
Is he good?
Usually around the time we learn to masturbate.
lol being a centrist is a bad thing now?
Legit, if we face Bristol with the same team they will score
I was really hoping that you'd miss the target completely after all that. Not because I wish failure upon you, just because it would have been comedy gold
How are GS going
So they don't ALWAYS contribute
Nah it will loosen first
This is soooo fucking accurate
Haha sorry my guy. Didn't mean to blow you up.
MENDOZAAAAAAAAAA!
Have you seen SWAT? Dude was terrible
Underrated. I got the toxic thunder with Hendo on the back which wasn't a popular choice at the time.
oof... good memories of Suarez in that kit, but my god the set of kits that year was hideous.
Do you like Nintendo games because you haven't explored other consoles and genres or are you young? Either way, it's time to open your mind to the very best that gaming has to offer. Just look up the top 20 PS4 games and start working your way through. You'll soon find just how average Nintendo games really are.
Please don't
Get yourself a PS+ subscription and download the uncharted collection (which is free this month) for starters. A great introduction
You're not cool, unless you pee your pants.
Probably the same reason they don't teach you your times tables in calculus. You should already know it
Nice. I love the look of beat up J1s.
This is one of the funniest things I've read.
&gt;I really hope this is a wake up call to Liberal voters. It isn't. They actually believe this is all the greens fault.
Disposable income is subjective. A starving child in Africa would look at you and say that 99% of your income is disposable.
For all they know she's just playing in her room. Parents don't need to be watching their children 24/7 in their own house.
haha fair enough
You're the first person I've seen who thought Rogue One wasn't good.
All 4 of the main characters were great actors during the whole trilogy.
Aging towards perfection
As long as we don't have to face a backup keeper at Anfield we'll be fine.
I don't think I'd be able to show you without maiming your eyeballs.
He never said that it's a new thing. It literally says in the title that you CAN do that stuff without shooting. He agrees with you.
You will find that a VAST majority of the people who hate it haven't actually played it. It's really not that polarising. Most of the reviews (from people who have actually played it) are positive.
Probably still better than Zombieland 2
2/3 ain't bad
They've only made one bad film. TLJ
Please don't take this personally, but they are truly disgusting.
What's "due sport"?
As a former employee of Dianella, this makes me really happy.
The NZ ones were probably already living here tbf.
Call that one a draw
How do they clear out the birds + animals before doing controlled burns?
I don't get paid to, but if I'm walking in or out from the shopping centre and see a trolley left behind by some inconsiderate asshole I'll always walk it into the bay even if it's a little out of the way. So congrats to you and everybody else too lazy to follow very easy societal rules. I just did your job for you and you got away with having to walk 20 metres.
It's because it's new and fresh in people's minds. Still a great game though, not too upset with that. The real issue is GTAV over Red Dead.
Suarez was a pretty mutual parting because he bit somebody in the world cup. I don't think LFC still wanted him after that.
No we didn't?
Nah give us Cassie
The rumour is that a different studio is working on it.
It makes me very happy reading this
The damage was already done
You can lion pride any time you want.
We can eventually have robot Olympics!
Persona 5
The first few months of the PS4 were some of the best! Resogun, Don't Starve, Pixeljunk Shooter, Towerfall, Strider, Mercenary Kings, Hotline Miami...Those were the days.
Why the fuck would they buy a ps5 if they've no interest in video games.
It's only $60 if you have PS+. If you don't have ps+ then it's hundreds in value.
For a game that I'll be dying over and over in, I'm going to wait and play it on ps5. The SSD load times will really help.
The PS4 had a great launch though...
Minecraft is so much more than just building stuff. Plus it's simple. Dreams won't catch on.
Maybe you have ADHD? Maybe you've had it all your life and you just assumed it was normal?
I've had this problem too in manager mode. Whenever you switch tabs to the gameday section where you begin the game in, it hangs for about 10-15 seconds before continuing on as normal. Mine stopped on its own after a while and it seems fine now. Hopefully yours sorts itself out too.
I assume they're just mad cos they didn't come up with sWitcher and I did.
&gt;Rising tides lift all boats. You listen to CLS don't you?
The PS store is proof that they don't give a shit. They just let anything and everything in and don't promote the good stuff. No quality control at all. How are the good Indies supposed to find an audience when there's 20 shovelware games being released each week among them.
It's the only From game that I've enjoyed enough to play more than a few hours. I absolutely adore it and I'm not ashamed to say it's because it's a little easier/dumbed down than their other games.
FYI OP the combat and overall gameplay in The Witcher 3 (and every single other suggestion in here so far) is nothing like Dragon Age. You're better off with Diablo 3 if you like the combat specifically. The Witcher 3 is still an amazing game though and worth playing regardless.
I disagree. I love the ones that are just one song's instrumental and the other's vocals.
I respect that
Alex has the perfect voice for a bond theme. I've wanted him to do it for ages.
Her album is amazing. And I usually despise modern day pop music.
She didn't screw up, M screwed up. She quit because she didn't want to be a controlled puppet and risk the lives of others because of the orders from those above her.
He co-writes. She writes too.
It's kinda a mix of genres. One of the songs is straight up smooth jazz.
They were so dumb to add in Chrom. Should've left the slot open for a new 3H rep. Would love to have Dimitri, Claud, or Edelgard to include a different weapon into the fray.
&gt;he's the most grounded and relatable compared to Edelgard and Dimitri. You'll know exactly what I mean if you've played the games. You mean he's not a complete psychopath lol
Golden deer was my favourite play through! The students combined with the story made it great.
If Kloppo thinks he's worth it then I'm not going to argue with him.
&gt;Is Alisson a priest? A minister... of defence.
Can you use them as two extra buttons? Or do they HAVE to be clones?
No need to rub it in to the poor sixers fans
I'm obsessed with 3H too and I really hate this decision. Byleth sucks and he/she is ANOTHER sword user! Why not put in one of the three house leaders and have a different weapon???
I thought he meant Jonathan
This video is from the future
Except this movie is fucking great.
Well we don't play the Lakers every game
Uwat?
This is an old joke. Whoever you tell it too has already heard it.
Well?
What year does Messi retire?
Funky Brewster
Is this who made the Child of Light OST? That was great
actual people, fucking lol
Both goals were correctly overturned
That's where we all stopped reading tbf
You'll find that the overwhelming majority of LFC fans will agree with this overturn. Don't generalise
No player on the current Liverpool list has yelled and pointed a finger into a referee's face. And from the many games of other teams I've also watched this year I'd say 90% of those players haven't done it either. So it's clearly not a cultural thing. As if it being part of the culture is an excuse anyway. The culture needs to change if that's a part of it.
Yeah if the handball is by a defender it should go straight to "did the player make himself unnaturally bigger". It shouldn't matter if it ricocheted first. It's the defenders responsibility to keep his hands in.
Shelvey has his qualities too.
He was a man possessed today. Would very much deserve MOTM for his performance.
He did though, he decided to let VAR handle it. Imagine if he called it a foul and it wasn't. And we missed out on a goal because of it.
VAR should definitely be overturning blatant calls like that. Otherwise what's the point of it.
Wouldn't you rather VAR handle it though? Leave as little decisions to the on-field ref as possible. We have the technology. Use it.
This is so true. I'm reading a western novel after loving the setting of red dead so much.
This film would have been more popular had it been released under its original name "War, what is it good for?"
2k18 was a new low
I didn't notice any change between 16 and 17 in terms of 2k shenanigans. If you didn't like 17 then you must've disliked 16 too?
Our goalkeepers always seem like genuinely great guys. Allison, Migs, Jones, Jose Enrique.
Fallout is in space
The same year that the PS4 came out, they also released a PS2 game so there's no telling.
It's funny how so many white people hate Tarantino for how he writes for, and about black people but Sam Jackson and Jamie Foxx love him.
Love numbats! I did a project in school about them back in the day.
Damn, why did you ruin those Chicago's
Why didn't she deploy her forcefield?
Gonna need to see some video of these beasts in action.
Because Salah dived twice in his whole LFC career so far, now Liverpool are a diving team. I'd challenge you to find 5 instances of Liverpool players diving in the last 3 years. Bet you can't.
All religion should pay tax!
When are we going to just nuke the ocean
A what?
He wouldn't be starting a one-on-one fight if he were Leb.
I've seen a lot of fucked up videos on the internet, but this one will haunt me for a long time I think.
First Gills flair I've seen in here.
The guy who played the Riddler also played Gomez Addams in The Addams Family.
Damn, you know your 60s Batman. Respect
TWIIIIIIIICE!
Even if we could, what the fuck are we gonna do with this information haha
Buying a PS4 pro right now would be an inefficient use of money. Either wait for the ps5 (which will play PS4 games) or if you can't wait, buy a second-hand PS4 for as cheap as possible as you only need it to last for a few months until 5 comes out.
That's why I recommended he wait.
They'll all still be there. He's waited over a decade, he can go another few months.
The fire was us getting revenge on the Emus in the first place.
That would be so good having a AAA publisher funding amazing arcade games.
They will do well if they become Sony first party games with proper marketing.
I don't want "big and ambitious" just make more amazing small games.
*See these eyes of red*
Nope
I see it a lot in this sub, the English fans calling out the Americans for not being real fans or whatever.
Don't you want Liverpool to shut arsenal up about their invincibles season?
VVD is immaculate, but he made a mistake today which is probably the first time I've ever seen that.
No it doesn't hahaha. The European Union is not "Europe". I shouldn't need to explain this to you.
Buying Ings was a brilliant move. Worth every penny
You can just say Evertonian. Liverpool's dominance is literally driving them mad.
Your weapons + armour definitely help as they upgrade, but it's mostly just your experience that helps you dominate toward the end. It's very satisfying to defeat a huge T-Rex mofo without taking any damage just from becoming better at the game, learning the weak spots, timing your dodge, etc. Also keep en eye out for cannons that you can shoot off the enemy and use against them.
The green screen sounds like an input problem with the tv and may be a separate issue caused by the console kicking it. Try and connect your remote-play to it and see if the screen still shows as green.
I've not seen the movie and I promise you that this hasn't given away the ending to me.
If the only way this is a spoiler is if you've already seen the film, then it's not a fucking spoiler.
Nice one
Just like all of Kojimas stuff, a little of both.
&gt;It's a dumb name but the genre is called 'walking simulator' I love it. It was used by idiots to try and belittle the genre, but it was taken away from them and now used as the (un)official name. Talk about fucking owning it.
Try and read some western novels! I recently read through The Sisters Brothers and it's got similar themes to Red Dead (protagonist slowly realising that he doesn't want to be the bad guy anymore) whilst in the same beautiful western setting.
Neither of which are Chinese. There's definitely a correlation between racism and intelligence.
That's a dick move by the photographer. Shutterstock were trying to represent and he threw them under the bus.
He's just making a point that just because it's not dead yet, doesn't mean it's not dying.
That was Evra's argument. After he got a red he tried to justify his actions by saying that Suarez started it.
He will retire before hitting the 70s
Kobe won't be the first legend that dies. We're gonna run out of numbers if this happens every time. When MJ dies will we retire all 23s?
Damn, that fit way better than I was expecting. Very nice
Can't wait to not watch this.
They are all legit bad, you don't actually like any of them do you???
Morons need films too you know.
It's only wrong if you upvoted it
At the end of 1917. The movie, not the year.
Bad troll is bad
Kamikaze is pretty fucking amazing. Definitely his best album since his first 3. Everything else has been average to bad.
Implying Kamikaze is not amazing.
We bought VVD, true. But he didn't help Southampton to a league title.
Did this really need it's own thread
Not Myleth
This is amazing. That's given both you and the interviewer a great story to tell for the rest of your life.
Didn't like him in the 8 anyway. Glad he's back. Now to just get the classic jerseys back too.
Or at least just do penalties.
Jordan 1s actually look great though. They've stood the test of time and are a classic. Yeezys are glorified, overpriced grandpa slippers.
People are going to do different things to try and make yeezys look good.
They look like if you took a couple of hessian potato sacks and tied them around your feet. To me they are the embodiment of everything wrong with "hype culture". Slap a famous name on it and suddenly everybody needs to have it and even convince themselves that they like it.
I don't think you know what gatekeeping is.
You have something
ID on those tiles?
The more FE characters the better I say!
ffs this year is so shit
3 songs in so far and loving it. But are the songs censored through Spotify for anyone else?
It applies to everybody.
Yes it is
The Bayswater bridge is in a perpetual state of hit
Very nice. Best I can get with my coach is 5553. What's your defenders chem look like?
So original!
I couldn't tell you. Really blew my mind and still does.
Original
FOV slider though?
Yes, even though the writing and story of 3 are dumb, it's still necessary to fully appreciate 4.
Isn't that 2-way fwd?
Did I set it up wrong or does it disable Google assistant? I can't use it to say "play *band name* on Spotify". I have to give it direct commands for button presses.
Big call! /s
Insomniac is more than one studio, they can work on more than one game at a time.
Is it ps5 exclusive? I reckon this will come to PS4 too.
It's the information at the end that is huge. GTA Online is free on ps5 and PS4 players get $1,000,000 a month until release. That's such a huge get for Sony. You may not be interested in GTA Online, but it's the highest selling game of the generation (possibly all time, I don't know) and it's still super active.
But every console looks worse than the fat PS3. What point were you trying to make?
They were both remasters as they used the original code. One just had upgraded textures and the other was basically an enhanced port.
What were they?
That still doesn't look like a ps5
In the show Guri/Haji somebody puts a snake through her mail slot to try and kill her.
The one where he tore Trent to pieces
Digital + preload. You'll be playing at the stroke of midnight in your region. Luckily for me, that's 10pm Thursday
Haven't seen anybody say this before
SCRAMBLE! SCRAMBLE!
She was a lesbian in the first game too.
Best worst movie ever.
I'm not
I hope the game is actually good cos that's a cool feature that I want
Did angry birds at first? I thought they introduced later after it got super popular
If you think the OG plants vs zombies sucked then there's something wrong with you.
I'm so surprised by the negativity. I just finished and was so stoked by the whole game. Thought it was amazing.
Jesus, calm down dude. Why is this game making people so mad?
Anybody who still wanted Ellie to kill Abby by the end is a huge hypocrite and lacks empathy.
Do you feel the same about Ellie? Were you still hoping that Ellie would got revenge at the end? If so, why?
Nah I want them to just add an obscure one like Ignatz to really annoy everybody.
This is the internet in a nutshell
Great. Now do Book of Mormon too
It would be pointless. The idiots would find out about it and come in droves.
&gt;I see a lot of comments saying the hate is coming from alt-right/homophones/incels and I just dont get that. The **vast** majority of negative comments out there are about the poor writing and not about anyone's sexual orientation. I promise you that if Ellie wasn't a lesbian, they wouldn't give two shits about the writing. They're just using it as an excuse to justify their rage and bigotry. You don't see people caring about other games that actually have weak writing. Days Gone is objectively a worse written game and nobody really cared because it wasn't a big game and wasn't controversial.
It will sell just as well. Most of the world have no idea about this retarded toxic bubble that's trashing the game for stupid reasons.
Uncharted 3 wasn't as good as 2, but 4 sold even better.
There is no tranny sex. Wtf are you on about, you clearly haven't played the game and are just parroting other's comments.
True, but oddly enough I had more fun as Ellie in the first game.
You need to press square as you land on them
I think there are a lot of homophobes hiding behind the veil of "bad writing". They just don't understand the game or the writing because they haven't played it. Also they are just parroting the same shit that they hear from others and it becomes Chinese whispers. I saw somebody say yesterday that there was "tranny sex" in the game because they saw a picture of Abby having sex and thought she was a guy. The biggest reason though is because people (mostly PC and Xbox users) want to see Naughty Dog fail. They've been deservedly at the top for a long time and people love to see a hero fall.
Streamers do shit for hype and tips. They're performing for their audience. The story is great.
&gt; Super linear, clunky mechanics. &gt;Kinda like something else... Your brain
That's two different people. Tommy was trusting in both games
I think the theme is to just try and see things from other's perspective. I think it tries to teach empathy. The world is not black and white.
Nobody in real life would have a change of heart during a traumatic experience /s
This is such a great analysis.
It's still a video game at the end of the day. They also did a good job in making those kills not enjoyable.
Are you an asshole to people in real life or just on the internet?
Full group is allowed if it's non-contact
She also says to Joel "I'm not sure I can forgive you. But I'll try". Which also relates to Abby as well.
You don't know that and I hope you never will.
I downvote misinformation. You stated your opinion as though it were fact so that's how I treated it.
Nah, Chris was the best
Just have to settle for the hyperbolic echo chamber
EDIT: SPOILER ALERT. I can't figure out the spoiler tag &gt;[a name known for being a guy who gets shit done Yeah, in Massachusetts, not the whole country. He's a nobody just like everyone else in Jackson. &gt;a guy known for ending the Fireflies He absolutely isn't. The only people who knew about that, he thought he killed in the hospital. The only reason Abby knew his name is because she overheard Marlene talking about him. As far as he's concerned, he covered his tracks after the hospital and had no reason to think anybody was gunning for him Besides, as you said, Tommy was the one who offered up all that information, not Joel. Tommy has always been too trusting. Joel wouldn't have offered up that same information freely.](/spoiler)
But the same criticisms can be made about almost any other video game. Games with flawless writing are extremely few and far between. Why are people furious that TLOU2 isn't perfect, but don't give a damn about Spider-Man having poor plot?
That reminds me of Michael Jordan in the Last Dance.
Nah they aren't worth trolling.
Nah, he's a class act most of the time. He can lose his shit and make a tool of himself in heated moments, but I'd take him in a second if Kloppo ever... well I don't like to think about that
This is a terrible take. You're taking everything at face value.
Can you shoot them?
The new Billie Eilish one is my favourite I think.
There's a Bond community? lol
Not bad, fits better than you would think. Would be funny to hear the inverse.
Even if it were true. Why does he expect that we're all reading those rags?
Pretty tight
