Quit procrastinating and start getting certs
Leave it up to states and decriminalize federally. They should do it with weed and prostitution both.
"popular vote"
Back scratches
Unless I'm mistaken being adjudicated as mentally defective has to come from the court, which is why there was such a massive backlash regarding the VA and veterans who were having their financial affairs handled for them.
I hope you don't plan on ever using your guns in self defense then
Would still be illegal. You cannot legally possess guns and weed at the same time.
Would still be illegal. You cannot legally possess guns and weed at the same time.
Found our healer! Who wants to tank?!
They should just remove res from the game, then once they nerf valk into the ground people can find something else to bitch about.
Oh shit they have one in Denver! Fuck yeah!
I totally forgot this was a thing, new dash cam can't get here fast enough
Does this work with the dick?
There's a section in that abomination of a book "Fire and Fury" where he states that Trump was upset about there being no gorilla channel on the tv. Then apparently the staff erected a transmission tower on the south lawn and filled it with gorilla documentaries. But Trump wasn't happy because they weren't fighting so the staffers cut out all material that wasn't gorilla fighting. Then Trump apparently would sit in front of it for 17 hours a day and talk to the gorillas. And idiots bought this as fact. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPj9IFzo6-8
He posts in GrC and wants everything banned, he doesn't care about being polite or different opinions.
Oh I fucking love this! He's out of stock atm, how much do they usually run?
People are really just pissed that the system didn't favor their candidate. Had their candidate won they wouldn't be so pissed off about the EC and screaming about how it's flawed. There are valid criticisms of the EC, but if you only bring them up when they hinder your candidate you really don't actually care about the system. That's all we're seeing, people pissed their candidate didn't benefit from the system.
They want the karma
Just a heads up for anyone else like me who just now found about CK, if you've already frozen your credit you'll have to unfreeze them before CK can do anything.
I had numerous issues with performance and stuttering/freezing with Wildlands. I really regret that purchase.
Dunno, I would imagine not. Since it's complaining about the freeze at all I think that hinders it's ability to check your credit.
Because everything has to be political, nothing can be viewed or discussed without using it to push a narrative or agenda.
Passing useless legislation is a waste of time and money?
Just in case some of you aren't aware, when using Amazon you can instead use smile.amazon.com and select an organization. part of your purchase goes towards that organization, and the 2AF is listed as one you can pick. It's a great way to donate to them by doing something you likely already do.
"But the slippery slope is a fallacy!"
Look into the requirements online of your top 3 species you want. Then looking at factors like size, needs, etc decide which you want. Then get all the things your new fren will need. Once you have all the supplies and habitat done, go to an expo if possible and shop around for your new scaly puppy.
&gt; Justification to shoot does not equal obligation to shoot. I'm stealing that, well fucking said
Tell people what I really think of them, to their face, verbally.
/r/explainlikeimfive
What about sex tutoring?
Nutella
I meant the work of creating and growing the business, not that they literally do everything in the company. The fact that they create jobs is one of the reasons I have little issue with how much they make.
Being able to have a rational and civil discussion with someone of an opposing viewpoint.
Does that apply to Fire and Fury as well?
Because the popular vote decides the presidency...oh wait
~~So anyone who disagreed with his stances was doing so because they hated him due to his skin color? Who knew technology had advanced so far we know what everyone thinks of everything. Amazing.~~ I clearly need far more coffee than I have had
The Russians, it couldn't be that people actually agree with him or chose him as the lesser of two evils, or chose him just to see if the system would burn.
Apparently not, I read your statement and thought it said something entirely different than what it actually said. I need more coffee at work, my apologies.
Is the presidency decided by popular vote? No, it's not. And Hillary knew that as has every president and cadidate prior. There are valid criticisms to be made of the EC but don't tout about "popular vote" when everyone playing the game knows that isn't how the presidency is decided.
Then why are women the only ones being talked about? Is there a men's march? Or would that be misogynist?
You'll notice that nowhere reproductive rights are mentioned is the father ever mentioned, it's as if all children are virgin births.
That level of precision is insane, I couldn't manage that if you gave me 10 years and a robotic arm.
Yesterday's compromise is tomorrow's loophole, but slippery slope is a fallacy....
&gt; They showed very little actual knowledge of firearms Because they have none, if they bothered to do any research at all they would have to either admit that the law is useless or admit that passing it isn't based on anything more than dislike of objects they know next to nothing about.
2 of our cats are brother and sister and have always been together. I almost hope they both go at the same time. It'd be hell on us, but at least they would't have to be parted from each other.
I wasn't aware Bioware was actively trying to kill their studio off, this should help that along.
&gt; And if you're sick, STAY HOME! Not always an option unfortunately
How does this impact performance? I might not want to run this during raids...
&gt; Why do people keep thinking getting rid of semi auto rifles and large magazines will stop mass shootings. They don't, they have an ax to grind and a way to spread it to millions of people.
&gt;If a hornet is killed near a nest it may release pheromones that can cause the other hornets to attack. Materials that come in contact with this pheromone, such as clothes, skin, and dead prey or hornets, can also trigger an attack, as can certain food flavorings, such as banana and apple flavorings, and fragrances that contain C5 alcohols and C10 esters From Wikipedia. Also, fuck hornets
I prefer ammo-sexual, if you're going to use those kind of words at least ask our preferences first.
I don't like Hogg or the shit he spews, I've literally only agreed with one thing he's said, but having him SWAT'd is fucked and I hope the person responsible faces repercussions. And fuck SWATing.
&gt; It'll be a couple of months before some mother finds her 9yr old playing "Maiden anal rape fantasy 12 Yes, clearly it would be Valve's fault that that bitch can't parent properly.
But the suicides are only used as a way to disingenuously inflate the numbers they want you to think about. They never actually separate them out because just stating "x thousand of gun deaths per year" makes people immediately think "omg we have to do something".
&gt; Why shouldn't someone be required to prove that they're mentally capable of responsibly owning a gun? They do, by having not been adjudicated as mentally defective by the courts, having no convictions of a misdemeanor of domestic violence, and not being a felon.
It's not out of the realm of possibility, people have done this kind of thing in the past to get sympathy/support from others. I don't think he did it, but I wouldn't rule it out entirely.
I hate all cloaks because for some damned reason I keep cutting slits in them for my spine.
At least filling the pool is cheap
What do you think clothes are?
Otherwise we get stains from the bone sweat
In Australia everything wants to kill you and the government wants to censor everything...poor bastards.
He didn't even need to do that to make me turn the video off, fuck that 'guns r bad, think of the children!' moral grandstanding.
I would have thought that due to the risk it would have paid more. What was the average work day like? What was the worst part about it?
&gt;Why is it so easy to buy automatic weapons? It's not. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automatic_firearm https://www.atf.gov/rules-and-regulations/national-firearms-act Specifically FOPA. &gt;What will an AR-15 do against the United States military? The same as any other small arms employed in use against US forces. &gt;Why are there more school shootings in the USA than any other first world country? Off the top of my head I would imagine the factors are: 1) Large amount of firearms available to the general public via the second amendment. 2) News cycles that enshrine the killers' name(s) via week-long coverage including name, face, background, and covering any facet of their life that can be found. This encourages copycats. 3) Lack of mental health care and a stigma attached to those seeking it. &gt; Why does the concept of stricter regulations on the sale of guns make you defensive? Because as California has shown it becomes a slippery slope of more and more restrictions with no discernible impact on crime or mass shootings.
This looks amazing! Does it call for fresh spinach or is frozen good?
She's well, thanks for asking.
These are great, I really need to make sure that I actually read the quests this time around.
I would argue that if you do the WQ with WM off and then swap to WM it should reset the progress of the WQ, it's annoying but it would fix the exploit.
Yes
But she can't replace my knaifu
&gt; Most of the left instead just claims Crowder and Shapiro are somehow alt-right I have a coworker who is somehow brainwashed into thinking that Shapiro secretly is an alt-righter who hates himself, his family, and all Jews. No amount of reasoned thought seems to reach him on this.
Yes, anything that runs contrary to your already-formed opinion is just the massive boogeyman that kills millions of children.
I have no idea. I would imagine they would have still been charging because the counties might not have been aware that the checks weren't being done. As for legality and potential legal repercussions IANAL, perhaps they could reimburse those that applied during that time period? Or maybe waive the renewal fee for them?
Damned right, the NRA keeps track of the problematic ones.
If you have the time and inclination, thanks for doing this for people! https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/character/echo-isles/flippinout
At this point I just want them to stop ignoring the feedback thread.
Mental health (or rather the lack of) is arguably the biggest issue our society faces. Suicides are on the rise and it's possible that the explosion of social media is having a detrimental effect on us that we aren't fully aware of.
&gt; Sidenote: I am currently doing this. .....why?
Perhaps I'm being a bit of a cynical prick, but they couldn't even give us one response on the 25+ page feedback thread, I doubt we'd get anything like this.
It's the only skin I actually really wanted, the rest were just 'meh'
Thunderfury looks alright, I mean I don't dislike it, I just much prefer the challenge appearance.
If it concerns firearms he doesn't know a damned thing, and is very proud of that fact!
I don't think any level of talking will help, their mind is thoroughly made up.
He's a cosponsor on [H.R. 5087](https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/5087/text), take from that what you will.
Again, works fine for our banks, courthouses, federal buildings, sporting events, and airports.
No, instead take the marijuana funds that are earmarked for schools and use that, it's not like their being used for teacher salaries after all...
Have you considered the reason they aren't targeted is the presence of armed people already there who can kill them?
Take all the guns then? Clearly nothing will work...^/s
You also have no second amendment.
&gt; you can just get them from the less restrictive state next door. Which is illegal
On your phone, open the Hangouts app In the upper left corner, touch the Menu icon Touch Settings Touch the Google Account you use with Project Fi Under “Project Fi calls and SMS,” uncheck the box next to “Messages” and confirm That should do the trick. The reason people are saying it's a good thing is because it's an option you can use it when overseas to help cut down on costs. As I never go overseas and rarely even leave my state this isn't a benefit for me, so I've turned it off. If I could get the benefit of hangouts being usable from any device without the data usage then it would be a win-win and a no-brainer.
From what I can find there doesn't seem to be a way to disable it entirely, even though it's been requested before. Best bet to is contact support and see if they can turn it off on their end, though it seems likely that they either can't or won't. If that turns out to be the case I would recommend letting them know that is a feature that you would want implemented.
This makes me think that our dog, whom we thought was Corgi-Rott, might not be after all. I now have no idea what our dog is, other than crazy that is.
Just imagine what Cyberpunk 2077 could be like
Just makes a hell of a mess, use hot water instead or leave in running cold water to thaw then soak in hot to get it to temp.
It depends, some snakes are just that picky and won't take anything else no matter what we try. If possible though frozen-thawed is best. The reason for this is it's cheaper, and dead food doesn't fight back.
Did you not pay any attention to their trailer? They gave out free codes for Witcher 3 that were hidden in the trailer and in the same trailer was a hidden little FAQ where they mocked other devs for putting microtransactions in single player games. They have provided evidence of being actively against what you're accusing them of wanting to do.
Holy shit, I feel so bad for that smaller shark
Yeah, that's what makes me feel bad for it. It was kinda fucked anyways and then another shark takes a bite out of its ass, like it didn't have a bad enough situation
Regurgitating food like that is also very stressful and hard on the snake, and it might not eat for a while afterwards.
If the chunks are chalky and dry those are called urates and are very common.
&gt; I truly believe that mankind is born evil and we are inherently evil. Why? What I mean is why is it we are born evil? What makes you think that it's completely one way? I tend to think that we are both capable of great good and great evil, we can even start on one "side" and move to the other though I don't think that happens very often.
I'm not completely sure. Aside from having my retic regurgitate a meal once and then not eating for 3 months straight I know that **I** don't feel like having a cheeseburger after tossing my cookies.
Gotta love sneks, what amazed me was the first time I saw them drinking, so cute!
But then wedge issues can't be used to rally voters out of fear/hatred of the other.
Both sides promise shit to get votes that they later don't deliver on. Both sides use wedge issues to rally voters to vote for them out of fear/hate of the other side. Both sides take corporate cash because they're both corrupt. Both sides want to increase their power and expand the government when they're in control.
What the fuck?
They just did a free weekend where you could come back for 2 days for free. Likely in a hope to snare you before the BfA launch.
It was, she pounded 2 rats and was begging for another so I gave it to her. Apparently her eyes were bigger than her stomach.
When I say begging I'm anthropomorphizing a bit, but she was pressing up against the glass and looking like she wanted another rat so I thought I'd offer her one and see if she took it. She took it but she couldn't keep it down. And she's not a BP, but a Reticulated Python
Turn off your phone and try it.
It's all about spreading the outrage to as many uninformed and emotional people as possible. Information is the enemy of fear.
People tend to not like hearing hard truths
It's unlikely he's the only one with money to burn and an agenda to push.
Reminds me more of The Thing, or Parasyte
The best part is you could go there to argue against them and people will just see that a bot labeled you and move on. Even the fact you would dare to talk to them is enough for them to dismiss anything you have to say.
Then I'll be McCree
At least she doesn't want to eat them...
It also gets conflated a lot though, people equate the right to free speech with the 1st amendment. Something can violate my right to free speech and not violate the 1st amendment. Free speech is both a principle and a right.
That's the problem, if we aren't involved then we're painted as not caring about injustice and oppression. If we do get involved we're just trying to spread corporate interests and make the rich richer. No matter what we do people will bitch and moan.
Never, I married her after all
Ok so lets say I tweet out "Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream is superior and all other ice creams shouldn't be made". As a result Twitter bans me. I say that Twitter has infringed on my free speech. Someone says "This doesn't violate the 1st amendment, your free speech hasn't been infringed". This is where a few things can be true at once: 1) My 1st amendment rights weren't violated. 2) Twitter has the right to ban me for anything they want. 3) Twitter has still infringed up my free speech. Free speech is a concept, the same concept that the 1st amendment is based upon. However the 1st amendment is limited solely to the government not being able to infringe upon your right to free speech. That doesn't mean that the concept it was created from ceases to exist.
But then we don't get to feel like we're doing something!
No, no, no, no, it's only a crime for those people that want to have guns, everyone else is a good little citizen!
&gt; This one will be fun to see hit the SCOTUS. I don't have any hope of them hearing it, hopefully I'm wrong.
&gt; We will see, hopefully this and cyberpunk makes it. I have a lot of faith in CDPR and Obsidian would have to royally fuck this up in order to not capitalize on the shit-storm Bethesda has made for themselves.
I like modding, but I have to wonder if FO didn't have modding support would the devs have actually fixed the issues? Since they could just sit back and let the community actually fix the game what motive did they have to do it themselves?
There are two games coming out in February that I'm going to get, Metro:Exodus and Rebel Galaxy Outlaw. Add in The Outer Worlds, and whatever else might be coming and I'm already excited! I don't really expect to see Cyberpunk2077 next year though.
Ok, let's play. What is the reasoning for not allowing their legalization? Why is it "common sense" and "reasonable" to keep them illegal?
So you have no reasons? I was at least hoping you had some sort of reasoning such as crime rates, addiction, self-harm, anything even if it was incorrect. Something other than "I don't like it so it shouldn't be legal".
You have to list facts first, you don't seem able or willing to do that.
But nails are ok?...asking for a friend
No one should be threatening you, if they are that's fucked up. Hopefully later one you'll be more willing to talk with people about why you don't want them legalized, avoiding discussion does no one any good.
&gt; There will be deaths. Many of them. Can you elaborate? Deaths from overdosing? From walking into a car thinking it wants a hug? Also, this assumes that people aren't already using hallucinogens, and according to you dying as a result, if that's the case why haven't we heard anything about it? &gt;I realize that most people ITT are OK with people dying. I am not. People are dying all the time from alcohol overdoses and drunk driving, should alcohol be illegal? Because according to your reasons, that people will die, it should be.
&gt; You love football and Trump. That doesn't matter, at all. If they think that beating your spouse is wrong, but also the Earth is flat, one opinion doesn't invalidate the other.
That's a good point, I had forgotten that modding isn't available on some platforms and that some people just don't bother with it.
&gt; We knew it was a stupid decision that would cost us money but virtue signaling is more important than being a successful business.
The only thing it's telling of is that you want to try and use age as a scapegoat for your not having any reasons to justify keeping it illegal. I don't know why you keep asking for age when a 10 year old could debate you on this topic and win.
[Casey Anthony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Caylee_Anthony), who allegedly killed her daughter.
Dude
Mine is going to skew the results, I live in the west but grew up in the south east.
At an individual level yes, as a species, no.
/r/TIHI
It was self defense up until he was on the ground and disarmed, anything after that was battery/involuntary manslaughter.
At least from a legal perspective. Morally I think he got exactly what he deserved, but legally anything after the point he was no longer a threat is no longer self defense.
From a legal perspective it doesn't matter. If someone robs you at knife point and you shoot them in the chest and they fall down and are no longer a threat you don't get to stand over them and keep shooting. Self defense has a legal limit, that limit is when the attacker is no longer a threat. Any force beyond that and your committing battery/murder.
Aquaman
Possibly, that would be a classic case of jury nullification. And he did, you can see the guy kicking picking it up and holding it.
Involuntary in that the death would have been accidental, though yeah there's a lot of grey there. The kicking was voluntary but the death probably not, so it could go either way.
And that's relevant how exactly?
No, a degenerate is one who attempts to take what isn't theirs from innocents by force. Rewatch the video for an example.
True, and I agree. But from a legal perspective there's a lot to consider as to what classifies as self defense. You're right though, just because the law says something doesn't mean the jury has to agree.
I don't think it's immoral because the bastard was committing armed robbery on an innocent person. If he didn't want to be potentially be put at the mercy of his victim he shouldn't have been looking for a victim. Live by the sword die by the foot of your would-be prey.
&gt; Sexiest, ant trans, anti LGBT, far right and takes advantage of young, insecure men to push his own motives. He's the dumb person's intellectual. Translation: Doesn't agree with me
At least there are some good games coming out, we'll need them to cope with the coming insanity.
I don't have a PS4, so for me it's Metro: Exodus, Rebel Galaxy Outlaw, and The Outer Worlds. There might be some I'm not aware of or am forgetting.
I don't have any consoles, PC gamer here. I'm waiting till release and reviews on Anthem, I have no trust or faith in EA and unless the game is great I'm not buying. Division 2 I'd have to look at, I wasn't a huge fan of the first one. I am very much looking forward to Beyond Good and Evil 2, I loved the first one.
Which had it been issued by anyone not on the left would have been taken as literal. Regardless of if it was a joke or not we can still see them selectively enforcing the rules.
Of course, they don't consider anything an infringement on something they don't even think should be a right.
Good point, they'd only nuke the center of the country, it's not like they live there themselves.
Not for them, that's why they choose to live in massive cities on the coasts.
Honestly, aside from the upcoming raid the only thing that might hold my interest is Island Expeditions now.
They'll just scream something about her "internalizing patriarchy" or some other piece of gibberish bullshit. The only ones that would see the idiocy are the ones who are walking away from the left already.
Never
Prison is punishment, reformation, and deterrent.
So how much did the cost of the pineapples have to raise to make that viable?
Nah, if it were in SF then there would be shit in the machine along with the needles.
TIL I've never seen a pineapple that is actually ripe...
Oh they know how it works, they just hate when it doesn't work for them.
This is the darkest timeline
In other news water is still wet. This should surprise literally no one. I look forward to watching them die as a business.
&gt; or do they just get put in iso? But then it's discrimination
&gt; trying to look moderate on gun I haven't been following him much what has he had to say regarding gun rights? It's going to be hard to be more moderate than "confiscation first due process second" Trump when it comes to guns.
Well fuck him then.
&gt; Of course outlawing specific single types of guns is about safety. Bullshit. And it's bullshit because the deadliest school shooting was done with a pair of handguns, but all we hear about are ARs. It has nothing to do with safety and everything to do with people entirely ignorant of guns and the laws applicable to them wanting more control over shit they know nothing about.
Also have your friend try on Nextdoor, it's good for finding lost pets
&gt; I don’t hear anybody wanting to “ban all guns” Then you didn't pay any attention to the bill that was co-signed by 170+ Democrats, or the cheering that greeted Marco Rubio when he said that that proposal would ban nearly all rifles. Plus all we have to do is look at California and their history of gun control to know that it doesn't stop. Slippery slope fallacy my ass...
That only limited the CDC, and it can even be argued it really didn't limit them, but regardless it was amended as of this year. Even the study done mentioned in the article is using CDC data.
I hadn't considered it from that perspective, of course the violence stems from the guns! Pack it up guys the case is solved!
It's behind a paywall, I also wanted to see exactly what parameters they were using.
&gt; Why don't we care about "violence" as a whole? Because then it's not being used to push a political agenda.
Tasers have their own issues though. Even the cheaper tasers are around $300 and single-shot. Add in to that the potential for failure and a gun becomes a much better option.
Which still didn't/doesn't limit anyone who isn't the CDC, so acting as if all research was killed is BS.
There's a great saying regarding that: "The loser dies on site, the winner dies en route to the hospital". Or something along those lines.
Logical and following a natural comprehension of language?
So would that apply to all other rights then? No voting until they're 25?
To be fair a buddy of mine has had two, one a Judge and the other a PT111 G2, and both have had issues with the sights after being shot. The Judge had the fiber optic cable in the front sight fly out and disappear, and the screw in the rear sight of the PT111 flew out and the rear sight started sliding back and forth. Both were bought new.
Same for Denver County, but instead of a few weeks they wait the entire 90 days...bastards.
Same for Denver County, but they don't mail it to you.
&gt; I want to take some tactical classes I'm going to go ahead and recommend [TAC*ONE](http://www.taconeconsulting.com/) for that. I did their 6 hour advanced CCW which inluded 3 hours of force-on-force training using simunition. It was a great learning experience!
I was headed home this morning (work night shift) and it was just gorgeous.
&gt; Does the author understand how absolutely dangerous it is for Visa and MasterCard to decide what should be allowed to be on the market? Of course not, they'll applaud that level of control and anything those companies do to hurt or shutdown anyone and any behavior they don't like or agree with.
&gt; In fact, if the government had perfect data on what we buy and what we say, I’m sure we could stop a lot of crime! Now you're just telling them what they already think
Oh that would be a perfect way to announce it
There's truth to this, but shouldn't they be rewarded for a good game? If a company makes bad games 50% of the time and good games 50% the good games should still be bought and the bad ones left to die.
Oh man, with just what I know is coming out next year that would be the icing on the fucking cake! I need a cold shower now to tone down my hype.
Right, I'm not saying the game will be good, and there's definitely reason to be skeptical as fuck regarding ES6. But if they do make a good game and no one buys it that just tells them they might as well do whatever they want since putting out a good product didn't work. I'm just saying punish them and complain when they do wrong, reward them and praise them when they do right.
I didn't say it would be good, I said good games should be rewarded. If it's good then people should buy it and praise them for it. If it's bad people should avoid it and condemn them for it.
Not sure if you're just looking for BLM land to shoot on or not. The only outdoor range that I know of is [Family Shooting Center](http://www.familyshootingcenter.com/) in Cherry Creek State Park. They're good except for having to have the range go cold every 30 mins for target swapping.
True, and this is one of the biggest complaints about their games. They've stopped giving a damn about fixing the bugs because the community does it for them for free,
True, the entry fee for the park is annoying, but unlike most indoor ranges it's one fee for the day and you can shoot as long as you want. Outside of using private/BLM land it's the best you'll get.
It's why I married her, cheap to feed her
&gt;A redout occurs when the body experiences a negative g-force sufficient to cause a blood flow from the lower parts of the body to the head. It is the inverse effect of a greyout, where blood flows away from the head to the lower parts of the body. Usually, a redout will only ever be experienced by pilots, as planes are the most common devices that allow such negative g-forces to be exerted. *Redouts are potentially dangerous and can cause retinal damage and hemorrhagic stroke*. Holy shit, I knew about G-LOC but never thought about its opposite.
Cause the snoot isn't listening
Oh you're one of those, your comments make much more sense now
In other news water is wet
Then you have a lot of convincing to do.
Not sure of the validity, but this was the first link I came across: https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/anti-bds-legislation
People in other countries with they had the first amendment, and some people here actively want to remove it. It's insane.
But how else are they going to get confirmation bias on that person being guilty of wrongthink?!
Yeah that's not a US license plate
/r/TIHI
I know, I don't understand that line of thinking at all.
/r/ahegao
Yep, the salt in the soy sauce triggers it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxQmOR_QLfQ
Except muscles fire all the time after something is dead
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copper(II)_sulfate#Toxicological_effects You would have a bad time, worse if you drink any.
&gt;As a non-agricultural herbicide, is it used to control invasive aquatic plants and the roots of plants situated near water pipes. It is used in swimming pools as an algicide. A dilute solution of copper sulfate is used to treat aquarium fishes for parasitic infections,[22] and is also used to remove snails from aquariums. Copper ions are highly toxic to fish, however. Most species of algae can be controlled with very low concentrations of copper sulfate. Likely not
Click the link :)
&gt; What is it going to take for us to claw back against these people? Not voting them into positions of power, that's literally the only thing we have.
I'm not crying you're crying!
Leftists: "He doesn't have to serve anyone he doesn't want to!" Also leftists: "YOU MUST BAKE A CAKE FOR ANYONE YOU CANNOT DISCRIMINATE! REEEEEEEEEE"
Oh no, I think the owners have the right to refuse to do business with whoever they want, even if based on immutable characteristics. If a business refuses to do business with gay people for instance they should have that right. And people can then refuse to shop/do business with a place that is like that. Then, in an ideal free market, that business dies as people go to their competitors and the shitty decision of the business kills them. Unfortunately that has to be based on there being actual competition in the market, and in many instances there isn't.
I hope they get told to go fuck themselves.
&gt;"Fisher credited Byron and her group with pressuring Dick's Sporting goods into giving up selling assault-style firearms at its stores and the Field &amp; Stream stores it owns." Yeah, and this has *nothing* to do with curbing gun rights, my ass
The balls on that lady...
I'll never be as accurate as that statement
As usual their feelings are all the justification they need for reduction and removal of a constitutional right.
What in the absolute fuck?! Those twisted fucks need the harshest punishments they can receive, fucking animals, both of them.
&gt; then they can use that to track vehicles and whatnot after the fact, to effectively stop crimes. Wait, if they're getting the info after the fact how would that stop crimes?
They can be a shitty company and still make a good product, which Unreal is. Even if they had half of the features that Steam has their practice of buying exclusives to force the market instead of making a better product would make them a shitty company.
Yeah, there's no excuse for it lol
Oh ok, I must have just not been paying attention around that time. Yeah that makes the statements from Microsoft all the more hilarious, I now see what people mean when they say it was aimed at Epic/Tim lol
&gt; Do they have a work around? Yes, you can purchase each item individually And watch as their system flags you for fraud and prevents further purchases.
&gt; Who the fuck would buy them all? People wanting to take advantage of the sale?
I have now, that's a good deal
It's just more political grandstanding to appear virtuous and get people to pat him on the back. He can do what he wants but it's pointless and as childish as he thinks Trump is.
It's one of the reasons I let my hair grow out, so my wife would have more excuses to play with it.
Good on him! And good on his older brother for that great line of thinking! You're raising them right imo.
I never get anything good with it, they either hang up almost immediately, or I get to see the tail end of a prerecorded message.
? This is /r/forbiddensnacks right?
It's not actually spaghetti? This seems rather self-explanatory just by the nature of this sub.
I got the King as well during a Massdrop and it's been the most comfortable chair I've used. Granted though I'm comparing it to the $50 surplus office chair I had before, so my experience with good chairs is limited.
I was having issues sending texts to my wife yesterday, we're both on Fi. But today hasn't seemed to be an issue.
Son of a bitch, yep, it's there in the crafting station. Thanks for the tip! I would have been killing this bastard for hours.
&gt; Look at the Kim Davis situation - She refused to do her job and lost. I really don't see this as any different. One was a country clerk, the other is a baker. Big difference.
Because taking responsibility for ones actions is inconvenient.
&gt; Sue the company into oblivion until they can't afford to make any products for anyone? That's exactly what they want. They don't really care because it's easy to get a cake made at any other bakery and why would you want to give this guy money? This is about shutting down someone who disagrees with them, nothing more.
&gt; But why do people keep trying to buy cakes from his establishment? Because it doesn't have anything to do with a cake, they just want to shut him down instead of giving their money to another bakery which would be happy to do the cake. It's grandstanding and nothing else.
They vote for people and laws that price them out of the area then move to a new state and vote for the same damned shit. They're a plague.
I disagree with the no exceptions in cases of rape and incest, outside of that I support this and if those exceptions get added I would sign it.
I've been wondering/worried about this, hopefully we don't get any flooding at all or what we do get does minimal damage.
Except the father leaving doesn't kill the child
I'm ok with abortion in the case of rape, so not sure why you mentioned that.
How does the woman end up bearing it when abortion would be allowed in cases of rape? And you talk about not using logic, try rereading my previous statement.
So your solution is to disregard the source in favor of removing something you don't like. Sounds about right.
"But those aren't made to kill"
I couldn't? Shit I had no idea my guns were out killing people on their own, thanks for letting me know they had gained sentience.
I'm at work for another 3 hours, hooray night shift, as for my comment connect two and two together or go get some sleep so you can understand it in the morning.
With people like you who refuse to entertain any thought they disagree with? Yeah, only thing left to do with you is mock you.
Wait, if you're not convinced that an arbitrary threshold makes sense why are you for raising the arbitrary threshold of owning a gun to the arbitrary number of 21?
As it should
I drive an automatic and I always put it on when I park, no matter what the grade.
&gt; This idea that we're murdering babies is outrageous What else would you call it? Would you call killing a 2 year old murder? What about a 2 month old? Yeah, that would be considered murder. What's the difference between a fetus 3 months in the womb and a 2 year old? Time. That's all it is. If you want to try and assuage your morals by thinking it's nothing but a clump of cells then go ahead, but by the same token you should be fine with murdering anyone, as at a macro level we're all just clumps of cells. It's murder of an unborn innocent child, nothing more and nothing less. &gt; A woman should be able to choose when to bare children, She can, here let me explain. A woman has complete control over her reproductive rights and here is how, by choosing when she gets pregnant. A woman has a variety of choices in how she chooses to use her rights to her reproduction, including condoms, birth control (pills, injection, diaphragm, IUD, etc), the "plan B" pill and, gasp, not having unprotected sex with someone she doesn't want to have child with. That is how she can choose when she wants to be or not be pregnant, not by throwing caution to the wind and not exercising her right to choose and then later deciding that the baby should be killed because she didn't like the outcome of her choices, or rather lack thereof. The only exception to the above is in cases of rape or incest, in which case as I've already stated, exceptions can be made. I know it's a novel concept but punishing the innocent with death for the moronic choices that someone else made is completely immoral and shows a complete lack of self-accountability. The fact that people are clamoring for the right to kill their children because bad decisions are going to make their life harder shows how morally bankrupt we've become as a society.
I don't have a problem with them so long as they're being used responsibly and legally. They're super useful and a lot of fun, and some people need them for their job/career.
I just opted into the Xbox PC beta, for the hell of it, and the download was really slow, I think it only used a quarter of my connection.
No bromo
A delay really is all that's needed, what they're asking for is complete overkill.
&gt; they’re mostly open adoptions these days, which may be something that parents aren’t eager to take on. I'm not that knowledgeable on the process, is an open adoption more difficult than normal?
Ohhh ok. Yeah I can see how that would be a major issue. You would think that putting them up for adoption would mean waving all rights to see them and contact them unless allowed by the new parents.
That's for the person responding to worry about. You don't CCW without having to consider something like that, but if they're following the law they don't even have the option of responding.
They tend to run away when confronted with facts they don't like
&gt; You’re taking something you never paid for We don't have to, Tim paid for us. Literally Epic gives them money as insurance against low sales. So Tim paid for our copies.
Can you do that for mine too? I got a package you can drop off while you're at it.
I plan to, I just got married however and that threw everything into a bit of a tumble. Once things settle back down and I can take more time off from work I want to go down there for a week or two and spend more time with my family.
Only cause he can't ensure that it's only the wrongthinkers that are on the receiving end
I'm more concerned with game "journalists" getting offended as hell because they don't think there are *enough* options, or whatever else they'll cry about. Gamers are generally fine with options being presented, they aren't fine with shit being shoved down their throats. I don't see this being controversial to the vast majority of gamers.
Wasn't there some kind of a mention a while back about the game having some kind of online element? I don't know about co-op but they could do something so you could share pictures of your character or something like that.
Where? Who? I don't recall him sleeping with anyone who had a dick.
It sure as hell doesn't help
Because there were barely any women on the front lines, and the ones that are the most celebrated are completely absent from the game. Where are the Night Witches? Where's Lyudmila Pavlichenko? Instead of including women who were actually fighting, and gamers would have been fine with, they feature prominently in their trailer a woman with prosthetic arm running around as a Mary Sue and then in one of the actual game missions they recreate a mission that actually took place, but instead of showing the Polish male squads that carried it out they are replaced by a single mother-daughter. Mechanics have to be tweaked based on the type of game and gameplay, if it's too realistic people won't play it. That's the difference between being realistic and being authentic. If they're going to cover something as important as WW2 the least they could do is do their due diligence and get the facts straight. It's equivalent to if CDPR had made Geralt a female for absolutely no reason, and then had called the fans bigots when they pointed out that that is factually inaccurate.
He's not pro-2A, he's called for a ban on "assault weapons", closing the non-existent "gun show" loophole, and expanded background checks. From one of his speeches: &gt;I’m running for president because we must end the epidemic of gun violence in this country. We need to take on the NRA, expand background checks, end the gun show loophole, and ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons.
The ones who don't walk in lock-step have their careers cut, the DNC won't tolerate thinking for oneself and speaking about what they actually think.
It looks like there's some kind of naming contest being held to name a new Hi-Point pistol. YC9 seems to stand for Yeet Cannon 9. It's an interesting thing to do, allowing the internet to name one of your new products. Source: https://www.guns.com/news/2019/06/19/hi-points-name-the-nine-contest-takes-curious-turn-as-hk-weighs-in
&gt; Often in media, the person with a gun is portrayed as a villain, who has to be defeated by magic, luck, or pure willpower. I'm not so sure about this, there are dozens of examples of the hero also using guns to save the day or the victim. In fact one of my biggest gripes is actors being openly anti-gun but having no issue portraying a hero running around and using a gun to mow down bad guys (a prime example of this is Liam Neeson). Some media portrays guns in a negative light, but I think the majority either are neutral on the topic.
&gt; They actively seek reasons to be outraged. Because they don't have anything in their lives that gives them meaning or purpose, so they make being outraged that purpose.
Wow that's over double the 40,200 for the US in the same year.
*gets stabbed*
Given that this is South Korea they likely have strict gun laws, in addition to that it is possible to shoot yourself in the head and still live.
It's their go-to tactic, "oh you *like* guns!? You must be insane and therefore you're wrong".
&gt; would want to take on all this extra work and responsibility for no additional pay? Given the definition of the word 'voluntary', yes.
That's what they want it to be, but no one is advocating for that so they have to just ignore what is actually proposed.
Yang actually had some shit I agreed on, but he's so rabidly anti-gun, as they all are, that I won't vote for him. If a Blue Dog Democrat still existed they would likely get my vote.
&gt; I long for the day we adopt ranked-choice voting. You and me both man, I don't know that I'll ever see it though
&gt; I just strongly believe a government's job to protect human life, preserve liberties, build wealth, and promote egalitarianism in that order. I believe that the left is too willing to give away liberties of gun ownership and free speech which is why I'd consider myself right-leaning, but at the same time I feel Republicans tend to be too hawkish and pro-death penalty which goes against preserving life. Thus, I am libertarian. Well said!
That meme is going to be absolutely everywhere for the next few weeks
Are we talking seafood or voting?
It's all they really do anymore. I'd bet my fucking car they spend more on letter-writing, calls, and contests begging for money than they do on actually fighting for gun rights.
He supports an "assault weapons" ban, that gets a firm "NO" from me on him. &gt;“There are some weapons that don’t belong in our neighborhoods in peacetime in America.” I don't trust him not to shift the line on what those weapons are, and it certainly includes the most popular sporting rifle in the country.
Is that going to be implemented in Chromium? I swapped to Brave due to that and if they're going to try and force it into Brave then I guess FF really is my only option.
Investors and partnering with Townsquare, at least from what I can find
I don't, most of the issues that I would call on, if my rep actually answered they would tell me to go fuck myself. They're diametrically opposed to my opinions on the subject. So I just don't bother
Because they need to be somewhere while their request is evaluated and they shouldn't be released into the interior to potentially just vanish.
Agreed! And that's exactly where they should be imo. The only issue would be them potentially trying to illegally cross somewhere else.
.....were you intentionally twisting what he said or did you not really read it? He's obviously stating that D's don't want to curb illegal immigration because the people coming in will vote D. I don't know how you thought he was saying they were going to vote R.
Bingo, they will cheer when people they disagree with are kicked off of social media, hosting sites, payment processors, etc (all private companies), but will recoil in horror when it happens to them.
Exactly, there's a constant conflation of "free speech = 1st Amendment" and act as though nothing else exists. Free speech is the concept that led to the creation of the first amendment.
&gt; There's nothing they can do about it Except apply social pressure to the hosting platform to take down the site, or to the payment processor to stop working with that person.
That's the way it needs to be, right now they want the protections of being a platform but the control of being a publisher. They want it both ways, and it needs to stop.
Don't give em ideas, they might try to take every cost involved in running the company into account and then claim they lose money.
I can make mine rather neat if I write really slowly, problem is that makes taking notes take foreverrrrr and in most cases of everyday writing I want speed more than I want beauty.
Yep same here, sometimes it's so bad I can't even read my own handwriting.
Or they never turn it on so they never have to clean it
I'm a bit out of the loop on this, in what way is it too broad? One would think that having harsher sentencing on convictions in which a gun was used or present in the commission of the crime would be a *good* thing...
To be fair Gorsuch was the only one who sided with the liberal judges, Kavanaugh (who was the most recent pick) dissented with Gorsuch's statement on it.
Ah again with this pointless comic that conflates the concept of free speech with the first amendment.
&gt; These sites have rules laid out that people agree to beforehand. Right, the problem isn't the rules per se, it's the vagueness of the rules and the rules being applied unevenly. Twitter and Youtube are excellent examples of this, their rules are so vague or ever-changing that people have no way of knowing what exactly will get them smacked. And then to see two different people break the rules but only one gets punished, it doesn't inspire any confidence.
&gt; There is a lot of debate going on right now about platform vs publisher This is the crux of it IMO, these companies want to be able to control what is said on their site, but want to be seen as a platform for the 230 protections. They want their cake but they also want to eat it.
&gt; re-installed metro through gamepass Off topic but I gotta ask, did you have any issues getting it installed? I and many others get constant errors when trying to install any game that needs administator access. Nothing seems to really fix it.
&gt; we live in a free market Controlled by some rather massive monopolies who can and do bend to social pressure. If the payment processor bends over and refuses to work with you what then? Make your own payment processor?
&gt; It's because they are retarded. I wouldn't say it's retarded, it's very smart actually. By keeping the rules vague and open to wide interpretation they can control who is and isn't breaking the rules, effectively playing favorites. It's the same thing that happens with YT and Twitter, vague rules applied unevenly.
Personally I'm fine with either, if they want to be a publisher and heavily restrict what is on their site they can do that. But if they go that route they need to be upfront about it and have clear-cut and specific rules. Though if they go this route I'll stop using the site almost completely. If they want to go the other route and be a platform, then they need to allow all content that isn't outright illegal. Ironically Reddit is perfectly suited for the latter, the entire idea of subreddits is perfect for little corners of content being created that if people don't like they don't have to visit.
&gt; to the tits eating pizza... ....wtf? tits-eating pizza?
That's totally different though, they *like* that right.
Exactly, which just further points out that they don't want to lower "gun violence" they want a registry. That proposal was great but because it forbid one of the things they desperately want they shot it down. "We don't want to make things safer! We want to ban guns!"
As a right-leaning guy I like a few of his ideas, I like that he's a businessman and an entrepreneur, I hate his stance on guns and the second amendment.
Because if we're going to be giving people welfare, and there's no way that we'll stop doing that, then giving people a choice in how they want to receive it is better than no choice. Add to that that only legal citizens would get it and that you would have to choose between it or other forms of welfare, and it sounds a lot better than other UBI options I've heard proposed. After hearing Yang talk through it I think he has some great points, my main point of contention would be the funding, I don't think it will be as easy or as cheap as he makes it seem. But it's definitely worth talking about and thinking about.
That's a good point, and I agree that an ID should be required in order to prove citizenship before being allowed to vote.
My thoughts as well, automation is an inevitability I think, and we're already seeing it now. Every time I hear about "$15 minimum!" I can hear companies plotting out more automation being implemented. It WILL happen and we have to start thinking about how to deal with it before it happens.
TIL I actually agree with feminists on something.
&gt; against their will Who made the choice to have unprotected sex?
Pretty much, it's basically impossible to stop kids from having sex. The best that we can do is teach them actual accurate sex-ed and point at the options for birth control and safe sex. Hell a lot of colleges give out condoms for free.
Can you point me towards one? I'm not exactly sure who would be considered an "actual feminist".
I expect tomorrow to find that state bathed in blood, there's no way this doesn't result in all-out mass murder! Wish my state would follow your example.
I don't know where this is going but I'm enjoying the ride
To shreds you say...
&gt; Perhaps we will get more neutral positions? I wouldn't hold your breath
The theory is great, but the technology is nowhere near where it needs to be for it be viable, and won't be any time soon.
I meant good in theory in that a gun that can't fire without being in the right hands SOUNDS great, in a perfect world. Personally I'd love a gun that only I can fire, with perhaps some extra shit in it for tracking if it gets stolen. But once you start thinking about how any of that would work it quickly becomes infeasible or just a really really bad idea.
Everyone in Brazil is an off duty police officer
You'd be amazed how many times people can shrug off OC spray and even a hit from a taser, an actual taser not those shitty stun guns. A gun is simply the best self defense you can have when you need to stop the threat as soon as possible.
Maybe, maybe not. Having a gun visible *might* deter an attacker, or it might make them target you, and more specifically your gun, first. The element of surprise is too good to give up on the chance that it *might* deter someone.
Meanwhile I couldn't even draw a straight line if I had a ruler
And? The default is large unarmed man attacking small unarmed woman, guess who wins? Not the woman being attacked. If they're both armed at least it's a level playing field. Call me a bastard but I'd prefer the victim to have every chance to defend themselves.
How is it a level playing field having a 200lb man attacking a 90lb woman? What about that is even? But I guess at least when she's being raped she can think "well at least neither of us has one of those terrible guns!" Guns are a force equalizer, I would prefer women be armed so they aren't helpless victims of rape and murder. But I guess we can disagree on that.
And even if they do I won't trust a word that comes out of their mouths about it. We know what they want, it's what they whole party wants, and they aren't going to stop until they get it.
What I mean is that in a perfect world it would be great. IF the tech were 100% reliable, fast, accurate, and secure. IF the tech existing wouldn't be used as a backdoor for more gun control. Then it would be great. If I could have a gun that had all of the reliability and accuracy of today's firearms, but with the added perk of only I could shoot it, and I could find it if someone stole it. And those worked perfectly FOR me and never AGAINST me. I would love it! But that's not the world we live in and those things aren't likely to ever pass. Tech always has flaws, and even if the reliability gets good, it won't be good enough, and that's saying nothing of security of the electronics and software. So it remains a theory, but still a good one.
Yep, one of the reasons it's just a nice pipe dream, there's no way something like that wouldn't be compromised or abused.
If they're banning me for posting or even joining the sub then I probably didn't want to be there to begin with. I only joined now because this is some complete bullshit. They want to quarantine the sub? Allow me to join and make it bigger in protest. Fuck censorship.
Honestly it's not that bad, that's not the worst I've seen.
Hmm, seems sensible. It takes care of the overpopulation and provides food for those that need it. Goose is supposed to be pretty good, I just hope our northern neighbors don't take this as an assault on their people.
The babies are really cute though, we saw several groups of them and their parents walking around the zoo earlier this month. The adults of course were hissing at everything.
It's really only useful for lost pets, crime reporting, and finding/selling stuff.
Yeah, like "I enjoy the company of gay people", well not if they're being a raging asshole I don't. I know what they were trying to get at but the wording was off.
Oh right, I should have remembered that there would be a difference between domestic and wild. I really should make a goose for the holidays this year and finally try it.
Which half?
I don't think Canadians CAN hate. The reason that Canadians are so nice is every year they have a ritual where they pour their hate and anger into the geese.
Misery demands company
? What's wrong with Boogie?
I like some of Yang's ideas, and the fact he isn't afraid to talk publicly with people who disagree with him, but his stance on guns and the second amendment means I wouldn't vote for him. He is the only one talking about the growing threat that automation poses though.
That would be ideal as Tim is great at calling them on their bullshit.
lol no. She's from Hawaii, one of the most anti-gun states. And per her own site: &gt;Tulsi has a consistent record of advocating for sensible gun control. She has long called for reinstating a federal ban on military-style assault weapons and high capacity magazines, requiring comprehensive pre-purchase background checks, closing the gun-show loophole, and making sure that terrorists are not allowed to buy guns.
&gt; You can't do it that way anymore, unfortunately. Does he despawn now after someone gets him? What did they do to stop that?
If manufacturers were forced to do it I would scream bloody murder about it, but if a manufacturer wants to try and perfect the tech I don't have an issue with it. I don't think they would sell or even be a good product, but I wouldn't try and stop them or anything.
Just keep in mind there's more to it than just reliability, security has to be kept in mind as well and that's a much tougher nut to crack.
"Raise your hand if you don't understand economics"
Yep, that's the issue with those things. In addition to that one guy demonstrated that he could disable the gun entirely, extend the range of the watch, and even just completely bypass the watch with a magnet. I don't think RFID is a good idea for them.
Oh ok, thanks for the info, I haven't had a chance to try and get it yet so I don't know much about it.
For me there is, I won't support anyone who is for the erosion of my right to self defense. I know, that makes me a single issue voter which many hate but that's fine, they don't have to agree with my priorities.
Because I don't think that climate change and automation are existential crisis. Climate change is real and is impacting quite a bit, but we've heard for years now that "in the next x years shit is fucked" and it never occurs, that tends to dampen the feeling of needing to deal with it right now, and that says nothing of other countries who aren't going to stop polluting even if we cut ours in half. We aren't the biggest contributor but it always seems like if the US does nothing the world is doomed. As for automation it is a crisis that is at least two decades off I think and there are arguments to be made that those that are displaced by it will find other work as has happened before. The reason I place my right to self defense over that is because it only takes one instance of me not being able to defend myself for me to die, and rights once lost are rarely regained. We have an ineffective and pointless "high capacity" magazine ban here in Colorado. Even the sheriffs were against it. Instead it was passed, was a waste of resources for the state, did nothing to reduce any deaths, and is unlikely to be removed despite its failures. I'm not going to back a candidate who wants to erode my right to protect myself for two farther off crisis that may or may not come to pass while ineffective laws are put in place with a terrible chance of seeing them removed once they accomplish nothing.
Did I have it wrong? I only saw it once and stopped watching those videos afterwards.
Ohh ok, my mistake then. Thanks for the correction!
I don't use Twitter and only occasionally check out his vids, he does seem to come across as a genuinely good person though. I'll have to track down that reddit post. Do you know what sub it was in so I can narrow it down?
Some of these lead to subs that have been quarantined, some to comments that are deleted, but some are actually live and viewable and still up. Ideally the whole list should be parsed for ones that are still active as the admins won't care if you can't prove it's still around, not that they would care even then but it's better eveidence.
Not handguns no, for some reason they won't touch nor talk about the most common gun used in homicides. Instead they want to focus on a rifle that's sometimes used in mass shootings. If you look at the statistics handguns are used FAR more often to commit murder. If they were trying to ban those at least there would be some logic behind their arguments rather than relying mostly on emotion. And shotguns are never mentioned either despite also being used in school shootings. But the fact that they're ignoring those, for now, doesn't negate the rest of their intentions regarding gun rights.
I'm not sure, it wouldn't surprise me. I'll have to check their laws. EDIT: That's 100% correct per https://www.njleg.state.nj.us/2002/Bills/PL02/130_.HTM &gt;C.2C:58-2.5 Sale of personalized handguns, inapplicability. &gt; 4. a. On and after the first day of the sixth month following the preparation and delivery of the list of personalized handguns which may be sold in the State pursuant to section 3 of P.L.2002, c.130 (C.2C:58-2.4),** no person registered or licensed by the superintendent as a manufacturer, wholesale dealer of firearms, retail dealer of firearms or agent or employee of a wholesale or retail dealer of firearms pursuant to the provisions of N.J.S.2C:58-1 or N.J.S.2C:58-2 shall transport into this State, sell, expose for sale, possess with the intent of selling, assign or otherwise transfer any handgun unless it is a personalized handgun or an antique handgun.** &gt; b. **The provisions of this section shall not apply to handguns to be sold, transferred, assigned and delivered for official use to: (1) State and local law enforcement officers of this State; (2) federal law enforcement officers and any other federal officers and employees required to carry firearms in the performance of their official duties and (3) members of the Armed Forces of the United States or of the National Guard.** &gt; c. The provisions of this section also shall not apply to handguns to be sold, transferred, assigned and delivered solely for use in competitive shooting matches sanctioned by the Civilian Marksmanship Program, the International Olympic Committee or USA Shooting. The Attorney General may promulgate rules and regulations governing the scope and application of the exemption afforded under this section. The Attorney General, by rule and regulation, may require, at a minimum, that a person acquiring a handgun pursuant to this section submit valid proof of participation in these sanctioned shooting matches. &gt; d. No later than 30 days after the preparation and delivery of the list of personalized handguns which may be sold in the State pursuant to section 3 of P.L.2002, c.130 (C.2C:58-2.4), there shall be established a seven-member commission in the Department of Law and Public Safety that shall meet at least once a year to determine whether personalized handguns qualify for use by State and local law enforcement officers. The Governor shall appoint the following six members of the commission: a county sheriff; a county law enforcement officer; a county prosecutor; one local law enforcement officer who shall be an active member of the New Jersey Fraternal Order of Police; one local law enforcement officer who shall be an active member of the New Jersey State Policemen’s Benevolent Association; and an experienced firearms instructor qualified to teach a firearms training course approved by the Police Training Commission. The seventh member of the commission shall be the Superintendent of State Police. &gt; The commission shall issue a report to the Attorney General upon its determination that personalized handguns qualify for use by State and local law enforcement officers. In making this determination, the commission shall consider any advantages and disadvantages to using these weapons in the performance of the official duties of law enforcement officers and shall give due regard to the safety of law enforcement officers and others. The commission shall expire thereafter. The Attorney General shall be authorized to promulgate rules and regulations that apply the provisions of this section to handguns to be sold, transferred, assigned and delivered for official use to State and local law enforcement officers upon a determination by the commission that personalized handguns qualify for use by State and local law enforcement officers. &gt; e. A person who knowingly violates the provisions of this section is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. Bolded sections are not part of the original doc and are edited for emphasis
Good point. That's another issue, you'd have to design it in such a way that it could be removed and then not allow the gun to function, and I don't see how that could really be done. There's so many hurdles to designing one that would be accepted that it's pretty infeasible or at least a couple decades away.
Yeah after being directed to more info my view of him had dimmed. Some of the evidence seems like it was trying to take something out of context, but there was some of it that was just like...wtf
Great comment from that video that explains what's actually going on here. &gt;The cerebellum is the part of the brain that integrates movement between parts of our body. Signals from each part of the body are coordinated in the cerebellum so that our eyes can stabilize an image while we move. &gt;Chickens do not have a developed cerebellum, so they cannot stabilize vision at the level of their eyes. They must hold their heads steady or everything will be a blur. That is why they walk with their head held in space and then popping forward after each step...they cannot see while their head is moving in space. They essentially see in stop motion while moving. &gt;If you look at a mirror and shake your head side-to-side, you will see that your eyes can stay fixed on your image. You don't need to consciously look left-right to counter the movement of your head. That is your cerebellum at work. In certain brain injuries, or medical illnesses where the brain is herniating down out if the skull (damaging the cerebellum,) people can develop "dolls eyes" where this ability is lost. &gt;So, don't think of the chicken as having ability that you do not. See the chicken as compensating for a more primitive brain.
Regulation doesn't have to require any form of compensation, a contract does. It's the difference between "Do this and you get x" and "Do this because I said so".
AMOLED displays display blacks by actually turning the pixels off, so you wind up saving battery power by not having to power as many pixels on the screen. EDIT: If you're more interested: https://www.greenbot.com/article/2834583/how-much-power-does-a-black-interface-really-save-on-amoled-displays.html
The moronic kind
What app were you using to record? The default Google camera app stops recording as soon as it no longer has focus. Anything that can record video and audio in the background while the screen is off/locked would be great in this situation.
No, that's very illegal where I live. And even if I was in a rural area it's stupid as hell, gravity still affects those rounds and they could come down on someone in a freak accident. Those doing it are ignoring the fundamental rules of gun safety and have no business owning guns if they're going to be that negligent.
Yeah, the first week or so you don't do it and it starts to hurt, after that you adapt to it and use your arms more.
&gt; A balance needs to be struck. And that balance would be what? Continually eroding a constitutional right until it's only a right in name?
That's entirely untrue
The shop couldn't have told you it was because of a toll, because the CBI check only returns a YES/NO result. So unless you called CBI or some other government authority, and THEY told you why you were declined, I call BS. FFLs aren't given the reason for the background check failing.
Good luck convincing the rest of the country to repeal the second amendment, I look forward to that not happening.
No the argument is that if they are too dangerous to have a gun they are likely too dangerous to be out of jail/psychiatric hold. So the person is too crazy to have a gun, but once the gun is gone they're just no longer crazy? They couldn't possibly use something else to kill people?
Is that aggressive stipling? That makes those *assault grips* sir, that'll be a $100 fee and a 6 month waiting period, but before that you must go to your government representative and provide a valid reason you need it.
Their desire for control is overriding what little common sense they have.
Considering how close I am to Colfax, yeah I would. Ideally I would rather try and not be out at all at 3am, but if I were, I'm going armed.
&gt; stabbing his 2 roommates to death over some leftovers going missing. Depending on the leftovers, that might be forgivable
*But you can't talk someone to death!* /s
Apparently it's Maryland according to my google search
Exactly this, you have to keep SCOTUS appointments in mind when casting your vote.
They probably would have called me before that point. But rather than admitting I simply overslept I would probably make up some story about being really sick and "call out".
Yeah, *no one* saw this coming! /s
And thus ensuring that anyone with a working prefrontal cortex won't vote for them again in the next 4 decades
Thank god I have a gig connection.
Well said, I lean more right than left but at the core I believe in liberty. This is my go-to gun sub because I get to see and talk with others whom I may not agree with on other topics but I know they aren't looking to restrict my rights. Love this sub and glad it's grown like it has.
I now have to go back and find those, they must have gotten lost in the weeds. How often do you do your own?
Also supports all of this garbage: https://elizabethwarren.com/plans/gun-violence Which includes: * Universal background checks * "Reporting on multiple purchases" * Creating a federal licensing system * Increasing taxes on gun manufacturers (aka taxing them until they no longer exist) * Capping firearms purchases to one per month * Raising the minimum age to 21 for all gun purchases * Passing a new federal assault weapons ban, complete with a registry for those already owned * Banning "high-capacity" ammunition magazines * Prohibiting accessories that make weapons "more deadly", this includes suppressors * Passing extreme risk protection laws, "red flag" laws * Repealing the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act and "Holding gun manufacturers strictly liable for the harm they cause", which means if Dan shoots someone with a legally purchased gun both the manufacturer and the dealer would be punished And I'm sure I can find more if I dig further. So in short, FUCK HER AND HER AUTHORITARIAN BULLSHIT!
It's always better to hurl your insect fren into danger first
Denver, we get them every so often but it's rarely the good ones like in the pic. Though to be fair I work nights now so I may just be sleeping through the ones we get.
I'm not getting the maxed out CPU usage that others are getting, but I *am* getting the freezing and the input lag, though the lag is intermittent. It's rather annoying when trying to fight something and the lag kicks in and instead of turning left I move in a circle to the left. I hope they sort this out soon. Specs: CPU - i5 9600k 5Ghz RAM - 32 GB 3200 Mhz GPU - RTX 2080Ti And the game is an NVMe SSD,
It is an Xbox controller, I'll have to check that setting and see if it's turned on
I love how the Democrats don't realize that jumping the shark to outright confiscation the second they get power tells VA voters not to vote for them again for a couple decades. Their thirst for power overwhelmed all logic.
Of course not, the police and his personal security will still be armed. He and his ilk only want to disarm everyone that isn't part of the state or are bought and owned by him and his friends.
Wait, I agree with Antifa on something? I need a fucking drink...
I hate to defend them at all, but thus far all we have is a VSSA tweet stating they did it. I wouldn't put it past them at all, but atm there actually isn't any verifiable proof they did.
True, my point though was that just because people are piles of shit doesn't mean that it shouldn't be fixed.
&gt; Sanders might be better at sticking to his principles I would argue he isn't considering how he flipped his stances on guns the second it became convenient to do so.
Amen. I would much rather have a government that is too busy fighting itself to do anything than one united in fucking me over.
&gt; Plus they have atomic weapons Are you actually arguing that nuclear weapons would be used on American soil, by the American government, against Americans?
And that helps a 100lb woman against a 200lb male rapist how?
~~This one was a blatant abuse, they couldn't allow this one to go through as it would be too obvious. The better litmus test is going to be how many less-obvious-but-still-bullshit ones get through.~~ EDIT: I was thinking of a completely different one than this. I'm betting a decent amount but we'll have to wait and see. *This is still true imo, we don't know how many will be legit or be BS*
&gt; The airborne skill increases air attack damage by 30% and is very useful for IG. I thought I read that it only affected like one attack? Because honestly I know that being on the ground does more damage but I really really prefer being in the air. If I could get even similar dmg while being in the air that would be dope.
It can be good and bad, depending on how pay is decided. For instance if everyone on x team gets x rate regardless of experience then discussing it is fine. And in fact that is how I discovered at one job that I was mistakenly being underpaid. I was at the x rate for one team but was moved over to a different team that got paid y rate early after I started, my pay was never adjusted for that. If I hadn't discussed my pay with a coworker I may never have known, and I was underpaid for a year like that (no they didn't give me any back pay, bastards). However if the pay is variable due to experience/skill (or just being able to negotiate better) then discussing it can most likely only lead to issues.
Ah my mistake, I was thinking this was the one in Larimer county, the one related to a 2017 shooting and the red flag was just being filed as a kind of revenge for what was considered a lawful shoot. https://www.9news.com/article/news/local/next/colorados-red-flag-law-used-to-target-officer-involved-in-fatal-shooting/73-f52ddaca-893d-493b-983c-db9ecf250ad3
Good, if he's been doing that he needs to spend a nice long time in jail. Fucking prick could have, and possibly did, kill someone.
&gt; Can anyone tell me the point of a rally To oppose the removal of rights against the will of the citizens who live there?
Saving this comment for later, I want to get more use out of the clutch claw and am having a hard time with it. This should help a lot, I just wish the range was longer on it.
No, we're staffed 24/7 so I'll be here
For a standard work week probably, we work 4 10s though so that's not very likely for us.
Hand Tool Rescue
I thought the number was around 20,000? No small amount to be sure but that's a far cry from 100,000....
Of course, they would have to give a flying fuck what their constituents think for that to happen. They don't want to govern, they want to rule, and armed peons can overthrow their rulers.
What?! mine took over two months! Damn I'm jealous!
So you simply decided it didn't fit with your narrative and ignored it?
&gt; but you could have gotten way more attention by causing a scene You mean given Northram and the media fuel for demonizing gun owners and calling it justification for more restrictions of rights. Standing around and doing nothing might not get rights restored (Democrats have already said they don't care and will push through anyway), but it disproves the narrative that gun owners are violent, unlawful terrorists . Both result in the Dems not giving a shit about rights, but one proves all the bullshit spun by the media as false and shows them for the liars they are.
&gt; The fact that he is a fire arms instructor of and by itself does not mean he is qualified to instruct people on the use of -that- weapon. The fuck are you on about? A barrett in .50 is no different than any other rifle outside of the size of the round and the mechanism of the barrel moving rearward to reduce recoil. If you can teach someone to shoot a 10/22 takedown you can teach them to shoot that. Piss off with that bullshit.
Nothing new on this, they already did it here in Colorado. They hate the EC when it does doesn't go their way so they want to create an end-run around it.
$50 says nothing happens to her and the law goes fucking nowhere. Because they don't give a shit about people targeting gun owners.
&gt; if it works both ways I'm betting it absolutely doesn't, they've shown that they don't hold all subs to the same standard.
&gt; key extractor such as Magical Jelly Bean I had no idea this existed, tossing this in the toolbag, thanks!
I don't believe you, but I'm dam sure not googling that at work to check.
IKR?! I go in thinking "at least he can't get a tree this time" and the bastard literally pulls up tree after tree and hurls them at me.
Well I'll be dammed lol, thank you for the link! I'll add this to the other bits of trivia I have in my head to offer up when no one asked for them.
Not to detract from OP's work, but if you want you can find these on Etsy really easily. I just bought one in fact.
Colorado here, given that every year we've tried to repeal a "high capacity" mag ban, and every year it's failed, I'd say he's wasting his money. The left is in power here via Denver and Boulder and they hate our rights.
Until they change it after they've gotten what they wanted. Don't be naive enough to think that they'll ever be satisfied so long someone somewhere that they don't own can have any kind of gun.
Yeah, and it's not as if the measure is effective as you can still get standard mags here. But the point still stands.
I'm mostly solo with and only do multiplayer with a couple of friends who also play. I don't really get into the multiplayer aspect because I don't focus on optimal build/gem/etc and as an IG user I prefer being in the air. So I basically don't do anything meta lol
I just don't want to wind up hurting someone's hunt because I'm not using the right gear or items or something like that. But I think I'll start looking at joining some SOS for HR or MR stuff that I have done before. I still prefer beating monsters solo most of the time though, even if Barioth makes me want to break down and cry.
&gt; Nothing happens. Because it was legal when you bought it Yeah, that only works if they are grandfathered in. California did that, they grandfathered in a bunch of rifles people already owned. That was called a compromise. And they then later passed a bill that nullified that previous compromise and even the grandfathered rifles were no longer allowed. So yeah, none of us are stupid enough to back that bullshit or believe "you can still keep them", we've seen that that's a lie.
I think it would be best if it was current, you can give them a call at 720-913-6836 and ask though.
He's on video doing it, they don't have to be called. Rioting doesn't mean that laws case to exist and your actions during them won't have consequences later.
&gt; Why does EVERY cop need a gun for, say, a traffic stop or basic petty theft or disturbance? Because people [do this](https://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2017/05/18/colorado-deputy-attacked-traffic-stop.hln)
Are you going to get rid of alcohol? No? Guess you don't mind drunk drivers.....
Checking task manager while SABnzbd was unpacking and this was the result https://imgur.com/a/Xwi60oc
I feel like this needs to be posted again: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7tWHJfhiyo
So here's a [screenshot](https://imgur.com/a/J6FB634) of the drives in DrivePool, they're a mix of sizes and makes and models that I either got for free or cheap. I do plan on replacing them with larger capacity drives and using the same make/model. I'm not against buying an SSD to add to the pool for use in this, SSDs are getting cheaper, though it would kind of suck to sacrifice one just for this. I currently just have the spanning pool set up, once I have more capacity I plan on enabling duplication, but at the moment I don't have the space for it.
&gt; From what I've seen he's calling to register guns, And if I refuse? And once he has that list of guns I assume he'll never use that to enforce a ban later on.....
Yeah, that sub is no friend to the Second Amendment, most liberal subs aren't
It varies, on average they're around 20 GB give or take, usually one larger file with one to two smaller ones.
So then nothings actually wrong and it's just that larger downloads take longer to unpack, and I'm concerned for nothing? That's a bit of a relief.
Speed of the Complete and Incomplete directories is 47.3 MB/s and 58.1 MB/s respectively. Both folders are in the DrivePool, I haven't yet tried moving either of them to the SSD out of concern with how much might shorten the drive life.
So here are the results, I had to do it twice since if Direct Unpack was on it was unpacking while downloading. **Download** Downloaded in 28 seconds at an average of 36.1 MB/s **Repair** [sometestfile-1000MB] Quick Check OK **Unpack** [sometestfile-1000MB] Unpacked 1 files/folders in 19 seconds For reference I am on wired symmetrical Gigabit Fiber but I have it capped at 70% bandwidth
That seemed really fast. I did another download, this one 16.1 GB. The results are: **Size** 16.1 GB **Download** Downloaded in 7 mins 43 seconds at an average of 35.5 MB/s **Repair** [7559f4f5edcc45edaf177d2870de24a8] Quick Check OK **Unpack** [7559f4f5edcc45edaf177d2870de24a8] Unpacked 2 files/folders in 6 mins 57 seconds So doing the math that was a bit slower than the previous 1 GB test file, but not by that much.
That's the plan eventually, glad to know there's nothing artificial slowing down the unpacking then. Thank you and everyone else for all the help!
They're already calling for the cops to have no guns. People argue that police need guns because other people have guns, and guess where their fucking mind goes.....
Oh my mistake, I thought Heller was second.
&gt; because years of jerking off to Rambo movies has prepared you Yeah and now everyone should be ignoring you
The ones wanting them completely defunded are, because they would cease to exist.
The problem is they've already been indoctrinated into a particular way of thinking, and now their job is do the same to the next generation.
Yep, if they can ignore context then they don't have to spend precious time thinking
They want us to do that so they can point at it and go "see!? We told you they couldn't be trusted with guns!"
I think they do know that, my thought is they want us to do it so they can point at us and scream for more gun control.
Arguing in favor of a constitutional right won't work well here man, they don't care.
That's what would happen though, so perhaps they don't have that intention from the start, but it is precisely what they would do. You're correct though, I shouldn't assume that that's their intention.
There's no reasoning to be found here. All R = bad
You've never been to a gun show have you? They even have a sign out front stating the law that prohibits sales without a background check.
In an online echo chamber it is, you'd have better luck with that kind of discussion in a face-to-face, though with COVID that isn't really feasible.
You may not know this, but likely you're already around people on there that are armed, legally and illegally. If you possess a valid CCW you are legally allowed to be armed while on RTD.
It really is, and having those discussions in person is much better than just hurling jibes through the anonymity of the internet. So long as they can be somewhat open and non-hostile you can have great discussions.
And do you what the people who ignore the sign have done? Broken the law, if that law isn't enough then why would the next law be any different?
Rayshard Brooks was a black guy who was killed in Atlanta after a peaceful interaction with the police over him being DUI turned violent when he tried fighting the police, stole one of their tasers, ran away, and tried shooting them with the taser. He was shot by an officer and died. You can find the bodycam footage on youtube
This is why you don't try to appease these people and tell them to fuck off
I'm bracing for it here in CO, Denver and Boulder don't a give a fuck what the rest of the state think
That sub isn't what you think it is, they're more pro-left than pro-gun. A better place to visit is 2ALiberals
I'm not painting him as anything. When he attempted to leave and disengage from them that ended any previous encounter. They pursued him and thus started a new encounter in which they were the aggressors meaning his actions were in self defense. That only pertains to that specific engagement. He may well have been the aggressor in initial engagements, but when he fired his gun he did so in self defense. Read the book if you think I'm making it up, there's case law regarding this.
Yeah, one cop being a piece of shit and killing a guy is totally and completely Trump's fault. These people have no capacity for rational thought, only their feelings matter.
No, a thousand times no. This wouldn't fly for a self-defense case and it shouldn't fly for the cop. If you're pulling your weapon it's because it is the last resort before shooting your weapon, and shooting with the intent to end the threat. This is bullshit on the level of "just fire a warning shot" or "just shoot them in the leg". I don't give a shit how good that actual shot was, it should have never been taken.
Bingo. They might be out buying guns now because they're scared, but once everything calms down I bet the majority sell them, bring them to a gun buyback, or use it as a way to put the "as a gun owner" before their call for more gun control. I honestly don't think this will change many minds to be more pro-2A
Or any large movements that are needed. We can move a decent bit via stutter stepping, but unless you pop Dispersion you're gonna be punished for any big movement.
&gt; Mind Sear also applies a debuff, allowing your next void bolt to cleave all targets affected Jesus this would make our AoE even stronger on large pulls. Running a 3xSD/2xDT/1xTH is already mostly DV &gt; MS &gt; VeR &gt; MS &gt; VB spam. Adding in increased cleave for all targets hit with MS (which is all of them) would be nuts. I kinda want to see it but would be concerned it would be nerfed hard.
Because for pure AoE I find the former to be better for clearing out large trash packs. The exception is in KR when I run what you listed and Misery since that dungeon doesn't have big trash packs.
I still forget to do it sometimes, I get too into the rotation and forget where I'll need to be in the next 30 seconds and then get punished for it.
I'm torn. CO is supposed to be a swing state, but I don't think we actually are. As a result I want to vote libertarian but have doubts that maybe, just maybe, this time my vote would matter in this state.
Because artificial scarcity can drive up prices
This is the way, there's no way that I don't want/need more ammo
No you see them out in front of their businesses or on the roof with rifles.
Man, no way I saw this coming, who would have thought that authoritarians enjoyed being authoritarians and don't respect the rights of others. EDIT: Also apparently Dudley is either a fucking moron or is using infringements of our rights to line his pockets, not sure which.
I'm out of the loop, what bullshit did they do today?
Is there a compilation of all of this? I'll check OutOfTheLoop in the meantime.
If you even dare to suggest that not all conservatives are salivating at the thought of killing minorities the hivemind gets pissed.
From 2018: https://pdf.guidestar.org/PDF_Images/2018/841/368/2018-841368137-10e3c19f-9O.pdf That's the most recent that I could find through a quick search
It depends on what they think is good for business, if there are certain people/opinions that they think might hurt their bottom line then rules like this enable them to remove anyone they find troublesome with minimum backlash/pushback.
