The sub could have a user generated list of keywords that is stored in the database - the list bieng words that will cause any question containing those words to be hidden on the call to populate the questions list. For example a user adds "trump" "red flag" "penis" to their list, any questions being returned containing any of those words in the title are marked as hidden and wont appear in the question list refresh. Its one idea.
Try canned asparagus if you want to barf. Fresh sauteed asparagus is great, canned - not so much
Analpist
"Ron Jeremy"
Three lefts make a right
Güey, carnal
You should see how she defrosts them
😵
My man
Please dig out my box
By 21 you mean 12 right?
Your faceplant grew back ^^^unfortunately
Kelly Clarkson with down syndrome and on meth
😂
The ol' Waffle-stomp down the drain 👍
You can't be surprised
That man hand tho
She does get salads. Salads topped with bacon cheeseburgers
"coming out" implies no one knew hes a chode smoker. Trust me, they knew
Duh
Lol the term co-workers implies you have a job. Making license plates isnt a job.
cha cha chaa
I dont always use creamer, but when I do, I prefer Dos Equis
*...if you wanna find taco bell with me...*
So obv
Das Boot, ya
I see dead people
La misma mierda, cabrón
Logic seems legit +1
Thats a great self-portrait on your sign
I threw up in the back of my neck a little
username checks out
Houston Texas
I zoomed into your face, then your crotch, but I still cant tell if you're male or female. I'll just go with androgynous
Don't forget to see your parole officer and pee in the cup
Were you in the middle of an exceptionally moist shart when the photo was taken?
username checks out
I will gently but sensuously rub their balls while they're asleep, but there's no one next to me
Please, spread the word amongst the others ^^^^please!
seek help
You wanted to
(*sigh...*) Grab a brush and put a little makeup
More like 100 Trillion
Bruh
Food
De nada
2.5 ton with 6x6 and a detroit diesel or a CAT
Your urine stream will freeze and freeze your genitals and your whole body. When you fall over you'll shatter into a million pieces.
Heil me
Where's the girl tho?
username
Penis inspections
Is it a blurry pulsating shape of colored lines that starts in one small part of his vision then gets bigger but fainter as it spreads over time, then goes away?
I shit on her forehead while 69ing
Wherever you want
La comida también, duh
You need more than just a tip
Not betting with pocket aces in the big blind preflop on a limp in from the small blind. Learned that the hard way a long time ago and never made that mistake again
Choo choo
She made this reddit account to post this
It looks like your nose is fighting the rest of your face for survival
"...works..." Yeah ok
Irish much? You clearly had Fetal Alcohol Syndrome.
Yep, same here. Everything after that sentence I was like *whaa??*
That must have required a disappearing act from a previous barrel
I'm fairly certain that it has a vagina but it's no girl
It's Bin Laden
600 &gt; 30
I can store a grape in there for a midnight snack later
In their pockets
Hell, let's really piss em off and drop the O also... HARBR bitches!
Doesn't sound "minor"
*Get 'er done!*
Most say it ain't be like that, but some say it do
Haven't had White Castle in about 15 years
Astounding
Friend paid me 10$ to get redressed, go back out into the cold to get him a 6 pack of IPAs because his girl was about to show up at our house in a cab he was paying for. This happened twice. He paid $22 for a 6 pack, twice in one week. I felt bad about taking the money but he offered, and was literally broke as fuck.
We played Russian Roulette Pro^^TM. You have 5 loaded chambers and 1 empty. He lost the coin-toss and had to go first. I win.
The ocean floor, cold cold water, darkness, and an unimaginable amount of pressure.
Shit Bros.
Online poker for real money. I know there are some sites catering to US players but it's still illegal. I want to be able to play on Pokerstars for real money from inside the US, godammit
It's like Cowgirl, but you throw her in a duffle bag afterwards
That's almost as good as the nyc pizza pie curb-stomp
He should leave it
Because women unconsciously associate a firm rounded male ass with "thrusting power" whether they realize it or not. It's a procreation thing.
Can't wait until that eyesore is gone and they build a regulation stadium. Get with it Boston.
Chili, soups, stews, lasagna
No, that's what Participation Trophies are for
I pee *and* shit in the shower, you just need to waffle-stomp the shit into the drain
Just pee right at the drain, you won't ever stand in pee, unless your drain runs slow and water accumulates in your shower. Fix the drain if that's the case. And btw pee is mostly sterile
You sure it's not a Leopard you're thinking of?
Yes and a drunk hag
Peter Lugers steak, medium, with all the trimmings
The birthday cake 🎂
Oreo
What was I... Oh well... *[types Pornhub.com...]*
Under your 11yo sons bed?
Thanks but it wont let me read the review without creating an acct. If you want to paste it into a pm thats cool, but don't worry if you can't. Thx again
Fix, I mean Fox said climate change caused 9/11 so there's that.
We all live in the same house so no matter how much i ghost them they're never truly gone. I'm just gonna keep to myself and not hang out in the one guys room we always end up in. I've been over there way too much. I've got other shit i need to focus on. This is a good thing.
Alaska has the highest alcoholism rate in the US per capita
moo u
ITT: no one said they want to move to NJ, lol
Yeah, no. Garlic is great but there is such a thing as too much garlic.
Pee is sterile, just aim at the drain
Yes, or toaster oven. On a sheet tray lined with foil. Put a drop of olive oil, then use a piece of paper towel to spread the oil all around and remove excess. Add the fries and space them out on the tray, no piles or clumps. Heat on high until they sizzle but not to the point they darken. Remove and taste. If it needs a pinch of salt give it a pinch. Protip: black pepper adds a nice zing to french fries
Thanks, not mathy but more of a logic and spatial reasoning type
Listen to OP goddammit
ur mom gay, DEA
*laughs in Testicle*
*Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't sayin' nothin', a hundred muthafuckas cain't tell me nothin', I bees in the trap, b bees in the trap, I bees in the trap, b bees in the trap*
Sounds about right, not high enough to right himself and probably hit the ground awkwardly. Hope he's ok.
Yep, 3 knocks is said to be a demon mocking The Holy Trinity 😬
We've done this shit all over the world for years. Destabilize a country by removing or killing elected leaders, leaving a vacuum to be filled by some tyrant. Then we either back that tyrant in their aggression against others or we "change our minds" and fight that tyrant. Either way its war for profit with an invented enemy.
US rolled over Iraqi army in 100 hours, what are you on about?
"Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He's weak and he's ineffective. So the only way he figures that he's going to get reelected and is sure as you're sitting there is to start a war with Iran." -Trump talking about Obama
As we incinerate the atmosphere
"Trump 2020 AND 2024!!"
"Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He's weak and he's ineffective. So the only way he figures that he's going to get re-elected, and is sure as you're sitting there, is to start a war with Iran." -Trump speaking on Obama
As a hacker, you don't just mash a keyboard and suddenly find yourself inside a system, with an awesome gui
*chuckles in Bolton*
Did the whole class get pinkeye?
Sorry, 52 is reserved for targets in Iran. 33 is also in use by the Free Masons. Thanks
No, I agree, I was just sort of "imagining" out loud. It's pretty wild to think about.
Well they're still working on One World government, and drastically reducing the worlds population, so there's that
There's no buildings going down, they already used up their one-time *Suspend Physics For A Day* card back in September 2001.
Oh and did I mention the UN logo is actually the Flat Earth map?
*Hey coppers, I bet your wives post their pics on r/penis, muthaf...* ZAP!
Yeah, ok, like ~~he's~~ she's gonna tell you
Next step: MOABs over Tehran unfortunately
What's all the trouble in the middle east about?
Wood? This would be like dumping an exxon gas refinery into a boiling lava pit
And it's Ukrainian owned, to boot
Let it sit for a while then plunge the fuck out of it. If the water level in the bowl is low, use another source and fill the bowl about halfway up so the plunger head is fully submerged before plunging. You want force water back and forth, not air. This will break up and dislodge your giant disgusting turd.
Dude's probably high as fuck
Most plausible imho Edited original comment
Just like passenger ships are commonly referred to as Ocean Liners, commercial planes are called Airliners
Or Brooklyn, even
Hey, there's a lot of blood and money in that dirt
Haha no salsa music for you Puerto Rico! /s
To pee
The only time black boxes have memory loss, or are completely vaporized, or are unrecoverable are when they have their incidents in september of 01
old news is old
*Now hold it right there, partner...*
Nope, US, but thanks
Russia
Fair enough, but they keep reporting missile debris in plane wreckage. I guess we'll find out soon enough.
A bomber would be flying higher, above their aa missile capabilities
Yep, decent analogy
Tell Iran to make a reddit account
People were expecting to see the skies lit up by anti aircraft fire, bombs exploding, iran launching missiles etc etc. Why do you think?
*yo ese, lemme get 10 keys of Avo, yo*
You say "you" like you assume I'm affiliated with dems. I'm not. Nor the republicans. I'm not.
*yawn... We'll get around to it by monday, or so*
The rocket was fired intentionally, the identity of the target was never confirmed however. They didnt intentionally down a passenger plane is the point
Sure, Mike
Iran: what video? there is no video except the fake video the Americans made and spread on the internet! Rest of World: *[facepalm]*
The missile that hit the plane climbed staight up from a known AA site in Iran as the plane passed by it.
DNA evidence results in one day
Arsonists light fires Fires burn out of control way more than normal due to conditions caused by climate change But It wasn't arson
It's going to aggressively approach the sea floor if they keep fucking around
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a Hamburger today FTFY
*giggles in CoverUp*
THAT'S NOT EVIDENCE! -Iran
It was sanctioned money that was owed, not new money for a bribe or payout.
The oligarchy won't let you join their political factions or use their ~~elections.~~ selections. FTFY
*I'm ok eh*
No, but I wish I was. I'm in nyc.
In a closet
He's transferring power to the PM. Guess who's gonna be the PM in 2024?
no u
They need this in Florida
Witness testimony can be heard if 4 Repub senators flip and vote with the dems. 3 have already committed. If witness testimony is heard (Bolton, Pompeo, **Ghoul**iani, among others) then anything could happen afterwards. Longshot to convict needing 66, but stranger things have happened.
This little piggy is a freeloader
I'm not counting on anything in this whole fiasco. She can question the timing, but from what I understand the house only recently received the docs, but who knows. I guess we'll see what happens.
You forgot to *sigh...* first
Fan, meet Shit. Shit, meet Fan.
&gt;paranoid It's all the weed
And the wall Mexico will pay for 😔
That's the spirit!
*laughs in Cock-holster*
Roll the dice by doing nothing, either outcome is a win
Was she even pregnant? That's the only part I wanna know.
+1
"unwitting hostage" at that. Fucking sick.
Iran blames the US, so by that logic its not an accident, its Trumps fault, and therefore they are martyrs
Yeah and its gonna be 10 F up there tomr
Whatever happens and whenever it is that he is no longer prez, watch what happens when my great state of NY gets a hold of him...
And the one with all the different color crunch berries, it can fuck right off. It was great when i was a kid and Captain Cruchberries was just with red crunchberries
Cilantro (Coriander)
Yes
I'm not affiliated with any party, but I can say, when he's finally out of office, whether that's by removal, or loss in 2020, or end of 2nd term 2024 - NY State owns his ass. The orange jumpsuit will go well with his hair.
Sports caster and x nfl wide receiver
Iran should just stfu already. Nothing they say in these daily headlines does anything but make them look stupider and more desperate each day. Sometimes less is more.
But trump is a clown. It's not amoral to agree with an opinion
Make a small hole in the window and pray for equilibrium
Cherry Pie gum
That wouldn't be birth, that would be laying an egg
They will also visually "greet" the passengers to see if they show any signs of sickness ie sneezing, coughing, watery eyes or nose, aches and pains or general malaise, etc
No, but you can clean it the fuck out once in a while
Or shitting
&gt;Our education system isn't as good as we think it is. Ontario just announced they want to revamp their school curriculum based on the model of Alabama and Arkansas in the US. Like WTF? That's just going to make it worse!
2 beef tacos hard shell supreme, 2 chicken soft shell tacos supreme, 1 nachos bel grande minus beans, 1 steak chalupa, one toilet
*FBI has entered the chat*
This headline is on crack
&gt;Molding children from age 7 and upwards into their perfect wife, fuck *chuckles in Woody Allen*
[_] Not REKT ☑ REKT
You're Karmaing wrong
Sorry, we're closed!
Let's not forget that disease wiped out a huge chunk of Chinas pork production, that's why they are forced to buy so much from the US
*One day you'll have hair in your ass too*
Sorry, we're closed! -Greenland
In Soviet Russia pizza orders you
Pong^TM
Glenn Rhee
Yeah, but France would be a better impartial choice than Canada imho, they have no skin in the game, as usual
Spanish Flu was 1918 tho
All Deliveries In Rear
Pizza Dude batting .750
There's always room for a good old fashioned nyc curb-stomp for his ass
or a Beer
*chuckles in AirBus*
Vancouver, Canada if I had to guess
Hulk's the dad?
STDs
Damn, 2020 ain't playin', yo
Sue for 2 million per year of incarceration. Even if its knocked down to 20 mil total, you're still stylin
Assuming Plague Inc?
Latest I saw was 444i/17d so that really means 9999i/200d
*"but, you know, like punitive damages over here!"* -Sol Rosenberg
I know. Darn NSA
Try ~7.8 billion now 8 billion by 2023
The tunnels are open in many places, you can literally walk in
Welp, thats enough internet for today. Later folks...
Sorry, we're closed! -Greenland
TBH, with how badly we fucked this planet up, all while we knew what we we're doing, and ignoring all the warnings, I don't think we deserve another planet.
Exactly what he is, a predator.
Wasn't all the extra fuel due to the fucked up climate?
seriously
When posting radical comments like the I prefer to go... &lt;sarcasm&gt; ...Sarcastic comments here &lt;/sarcasm&gt; Just so everyone reading it is clear
Can we light the ice on fire? We have enough problems without Acient Pathogens reanimating!
I like Linus Tech Tips, Indiana Jack, Louis Rossman, and a few others
I could see the dems refusing if the deal precluded others besided Bolton from testifying. The dems might have the 51 needed to force testimony from any and all witnesses including Bolton and Pompeo, and at least two others, without having to put Biden up there. The repubs just want to obfuscate and slander. Even if trump is not eventually removed, i hope the earlier vote forces witnesses and evidence so everything and everyone is out there for all to see, like in any other fair trial.
Taking no chances, really? This was known in December and they are first restricting travel at the end of January? Gimmee a fucking break.
Likely &gt;10,000
If you feel ok call 1337
It's already in India, just the world doesn't know it yet. I'll check back in a few hours
What virus?
Yeah but if everyone is thinking like you the store shelves could be empty before you get there because everyone is "stocking up". Don't act as if thats not a possibility. Now you have to stand in lines for rations, surrounded by potentially sick people. See where this is headed?
I'm all in at 20,000
Don't forget baby wolves boiled in sewer grease
Actually 1 confirmed I just saw in another thread
Yes
Oh. TIL
400 million
It's option 2. The numbers they are reporting seem to be at about 10% of the most likely numbers being reported heavily in other subs (r/China_Flu, r/nCov). Of course we don't know for sure but something smells fishy
The sub, there's no way to know it's reliability, just like any other. Seemed fairly legit and well moderated I guess
*[gets on horse, flees Texas]*
I'm saying if China confirms ~600 publically then they really have confirmed ~6000 privately
Yep
Except if you're coming in from Wuhan, then we'll catch ya next time
La verdad
SARS 2: Wuhan Flu-galoo *I know its not a flu its a pneu*
Someone that works in a hospital in wuhan saw ct scans of a dead womans lungs (confirmed with ncov) and they said that the lung damage was significantly worse than what regular pneumonia would be. Glass-like lesions. Grain of salt and all that.
and 1072 suspected cases
Sorry, we're closed! -Greenland
That's gonna be a yes from me dog
TBH you'd probably prefer something like Ghost Adventures, it's realtime investigations and actual audio visual thermal evidence they catch. I think it still airs on the Travel Channel and they always have older ep marathons. The show you mentioned was trash imho
r/Whooosh
Up to two weeks, the avg is 5-7 days
Yeah, and get this, my mom and fran were cashiers at a supermarket together when they were like early 20s. They were friendly acquaintances. Fran got a small part in a movie at some point and left the cashiers job. That movie ended up being Saturday Night Fever with John Travolta
Advice: if you're gonna be so incredibly fucking stupid to wrestle with your kid, with a loaded gun, in your waistband, TURN. ON. THE. FUCKING. SAFETY!
ni u
and all the dead and dying after being sent home with pain relievers from overcrowded hospitals, never counted as infected so never included in any totals
Disease and pestilence, as the saying goes
2 iirc
Well, doon't yah?
Would think they'll be under observation for a few ~~days~~ weeks before being let go FTFY
I agree 100%. They got criticized by multiple governments for withholding crucial information about that one. I don’t trust anything that comes out that country ~~in terms of media.~~ FTFY
16 cities, millions on lockdown, all because of 41 deaths... #hahahaha yeah, ok
Don't forget nose and mouth
1200/40 should really be 12,000/400
Some have, yes
I can't afford gold or silver but here is a cookie for you! 🍪 &lt;--
Stop. If the guy is curious let him be, fuck sake
Ghost Adventures
#are you ready, kids?
☑ wars ☑ famine ☑ disease ☑ pestilence
SARS 2: Wuhan Pneu-galoo
😔
Yeah, certainly they could find/keep posistions for these people
Yes but the quarantine is in unheated tents, nobody mentioned that bit /s
Typhoid Mary is a great read on Wiki if anyone is interested.
60k
rm -rf
The PEBKAC error Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair
I lived my whole life in south flushing (main st and jewel ave area) but would go to downtown flushing like every weekend for movies (prospect and rko kieths) or just to tag along with my mom shopping. I watched it change into China/Korea 2 over the years. Then in 2013 I lived in downtown (Sanford and Kissena) and it was literally Chinatown (i don't mean in a bad way). I really hope the community doesn't get hit with this virus there, it would probably go out of control. I don't think flushing and booth memorial hospitals are equipped for an outbreak. I know the two home depots you mentioned. I lived in whitestone for like 10 years and i basically was at the one by the whitestone expressway every other day, lol. I only went to the one by western beef if the other was out of something i needed. Small world bro. Stay safe in flushing. I live in Richmond Hill now so I am somewhat removed from the possible epicenter of a nyc outbreak.
&gt;Small world indeed! PS163 and IS237 were my schools. I have seen Flushing transform into what it is today, I actually live two blocks away from the Booth Memorial Hospital (by Horace Harding) and I think the only remaining stores from my childhood is the Carwash and the Pizzeria. I am really hoping it does not hit over here, it's surreal, the moment I step onto the 7 train, there's facemask everywhere. &gt; &gt;Looks like we swap places, funny thing is I lived in Richmond Hill several years ago (121st and 89th ave) before moving back to Flushing. Got to say I miss the Caribbean Chinese food and Doubles. Stay safe as well brother Haha, the car wash and pizza place on main st, a block or so from booth right? My daughter was born in booth mem, lol. Yeah, im not far from where you mentioned in RH. I'm near 112st and 85th ave . You were a few aves on the other side of jamaica, and a couple blocks off Lefferts. I know the area, lol. Yeah the food choices are great in this area. When I lived in dt flushing for that short time I did go a little crazy on the kickass chinese food, ngl
You might not evenbe able to travel to some or all of the places you mentioned in a weeks time. This is evolving every few hours. Just stay informed and adjust accordingly.
Maybe someone working in the Wuhan lab contracted the virus accidentally, and then happened to end up at the market and it spread that way. Or Maybe someone working in the Wuhan lab transported the virus purposefully, rogue style, to the market to release it, and it spread that way. Neither are impossible
Mexico will pay for it
Put Options
In this sub. I don't have a link, sorry.
I was referencing the unhealthy processed food, not their cleanliness
Where did he go on his trip?
👆 This right here
Didn't Lorraine Warren die not too long ago?
And in general, kids who catch pneumonia can be very ill and not show any symptoms or complain about feeling sick. They can literally become a troop of super-spreaders
The mods here are the mods there.
👍
I knew it! Im in Queens NYC, i have been saying it for a week "I hope it doesn't hit Flushing, Queens - it'll be like Wuhan 2!" and boom Elmhurst Hospital. Elmhurst is just west of downtown Flushing, along Northern blvd. The person could very well be from Flushing, but going to under-equipped Flushing or Booth Memorial hospitals would be stupid, so elmhurst would be the first choice. Fuck sake. I really hope this is negative because Flushing could turn into a friggin nightmare like Wuhan
Downtown Flushing Queens is basically China 2, areas east and west of there (including Elmhurst) are predominantly asian (Chinese and Korean) as well. I was hoping this wouldn't hit here, but maybe it has. Source: lived mostly my whole life in south Flushing Queens, and then in areas surrounding.
Chinas way of saying "ok boomers"
Ironic username
If Cuomo is "smart" like he always talks about, he should mobilize the nat'l guard into nyc, even if he doesn't want to, just to cut trump off at the knees, if nothing else. I mean its only 3550 personnel anyway.
*chuckles in 2020*
*chuckles in kim jong un*
It's against Reddit rules, not just a subs rules
Just search it on YouTube... Cuomos press conference 6/2/2020 NBC channel has it
Short answer: terrible idea, don't do it. No sense in potentially giving or throwing your life away over this shit. Go board up the business as well as you can and hope for the best.
Of course not
Yo, thems rioting words...
Moving onto homes will be the biggest mistake
Yay racism! We did it! /s
Lol I watched for like an hour
cAr BrUtAlItY
I'm pretty sure part of this is that they want the other three officers arrested and charged as well. They are complicit either directly, or indirectly by inaction
Are you a time traveler?
Crashed
Zombies
🙄
However you want to spin it, the looter scumbags are using and co-opting the peaceful justified protests to do their dirt. If the protesters disperse or go somewhere where there's nothing to loot, the criminals can't use them as cover, that's all.
You could have Sesame Streets Big Bird managing ny from Mars and it would still be an improvement
Oh, my bad
You see you see? ON long Island. I love it!
Yeah! Fuck 12!!! ^^wait... ^^what?
Oh, about tree fiddy
He's not at all proactive, he's reactive
Nah, then it would be all white paint, to match the vans
Looks like something out of Half-Life^^2
I have a 8gb phone with a 32gb sim card and it only lets me install shit to the phone memory and not the card, I feel your pain. I think I read somewhere its a bug in my version of Android (6.0.1) and I can't upgrade the OS on it 😔
Don't know if it failed box-office-wise but the movie The Happening had a sick plot but the casting and writing was just horrible in my opinion. It just came off clunky and forced to me.
Should I pm u the word "sister"?
Wasn't Luke Perry like 30 during 90210?
Yeah, I don't understand why people would live in a region called "tornado alley". I'm not putting them down, I just don't get it.
All of that is normal, the poop just requires the ol' waffle-stomp into the drain afterwards, that's all.
"you kill 'em we chill 'em"
Sorry, I have to shave the Mrs. back that night
Long island beaches like Jones and Sunken meadow are open
I don't know but if its a federal landmark then I guess the fed could supercede nys, but I honestly don't see them doing that. You might need to research the in other places besides Reddit, or see if theres an asklawyers sub
I'll tell you tomorrow
There's no verdict in a mistrial. The judge would just declare a mistrial, and he would be tried again. He's facing murder 2 and manslaughter charges.
Agreed
Expensive but worth it... All-Clad™ is pro level shit
I used to use my 4g mobile data and hotspot from Verizon on my phone and got consistent 25mbps down and about 8mbps up. Problem is they didn't offer unlimited data back then, don't know about now tho
Taps
I know very little about the nyc subway system and even *I* know there are a million things wrong here. You can't smoke that Loud and draw up subway maps, bro
He said it that way twice that I saw. Maybe he appreciates the correction if english isn't his first language. It wasn't coming from a place of trying to be a dick, so piss off.
pigeons
no tú
, bitch
Ecuadorian
Karens
Lol
around
They have a $6B budget, about $250M goes towards paying off law suits.
No, but tbh being uncircumcised can cause a stray (fallen out) pube to get trapped in your foreskin and cross a bridge across your peehole causing a forked stream. I kid you not.
Like a Bomb-Pop from Mr. Softee
Yep I know exactly where it is, thanks
In a ziploc bag with rock, in the bottom of the toilet tank
1 because I'm a purist
But there were no fucks given tho
Same thing if we got a direct hit from a Coronal Mass Ejection (CME)
Theres millions of skeletons down there. True story.
I bet that was in a shallow arc tho. If shot straight up the bullet would come to a stop and then tumble back to earth at its terminal velocity, which is not going to be fast enough to penetrate a skull I'm guessing. I don't know how heavy a bullet is. Maybe certain large calibers could fall and kill someone. It almost sounds like the myth about throwing a coin off the empire state building, that it would kill you. Nah, wind resistance will slow the coin enough that the worst that would happen is you might need a few stitches if you got pinged in the head.
Check into Bear Mountain Harriman State Park, it's only about an hour or so from nyc. We used to camp up there every summer. You can hike off into the woods and tough it out, or they have lean-to areas that have running water. At least from what I remember from 25 years ago.
Central or Eastern Queens, no brainer bro
Oh god. If he's somehow found not guilty... The planet might implode
You get drawn and quartered the next time you try to rent an apartment. no /s
complete disinformation bro
Manhattan, is gone too, dafuq
I thought that was "the big spread"?
I know in england they have Wood Pigeons that live in (wait for it) the woods. Gordon Ramsay had an episode where they hunted some and then cooked them up for dinner at his home. (One of his non US shows)
masturbating
, Mom
in
Onto
12
.
of
On
heroin
N
L
No, Columbus was a scumbag and shouldn't be praised or revered. Simple. Source: am Italian
Do they do Sit-n-Go and multi-table tournaments? What are the buy-ins like? What are their ring game stakes like? I'm referring to hold'em. Do they offer Short Deck Hold'em?
It's disgusting huh? Maybe because youse act like a disgusting gang when it comes to your conduct.
I am fairly certain it was the parachute bombs by the Russian military training not knowing anyone was up there. It's the only one of the theories that fits all the physical evidence, and of course the Russian military cover-up also then makes sense. I suggest people read the wiki article to see what I'm saying.
What *couldn't* you do with this power?
Yo, one little mistake, one little mechanical hiccup, one little tangle-up and it's pretty much guaranteed death. No fucking way dude
5am-630am
If you plan on swimming then either Jones Beach or Sunken Meadow (further from nyc and is north shore on the Sound - probably less crowded)
He had a stroke writing it
I'm in Queens, it drizzled twice today and is overcast. I'm guessing low lying areas along the south shores of Q, BK, Nas, Suff should be on the lookout.
Or just park there and row boat over to North Brother Island! /s
Ah, I misunderstood ops question
head
That
Amongst
To
This is about mesh video camera footage project, not their main wifi service
*double checks what sub I'm in*
Throw em in the Pacific Ocean ^^^wait...
Op got anxious typing this title, leaving out words
Lol, u too
No one can come in this room, but the sleep walk, or should I say drunk walk, may have occurred. But there is also paranormal activity in this house. I'll try and explain when I have time sunday, thanks.
Not Elmhurst, I can tell you that https://youtu.be/UIDsKdeFOmQ
Keep sitting in my armchair, sipping beer and smoking a cigarette, un-holster the Desert Eagle, safety off, and just wait...
Spread love and peace throughout the world And, oh yeah, beer 🍻
Last time I checked, cum didn't have a nose
42
Not sure what homeboy is talking about, of course you can use them at a concert or during construction
jfc how many people is that?
Same here
Possibly English is not this persons first language
Meet in public is my suggestion. And where in Manhattan is 30 miles from anywhere in Brooklyn? That's not right bro.
Fruit flavored Juul
Civil Tickets vs. Criminal Summons, correct. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/13/nyregion/new-york-city-police-officers-told-to-relax-stance-on-petty-offenses.html
That thing is huge, and covering a fuckton of ground in very few steps. It isn't a bear. And towards the end as it jumps over something, it stretches its arms out and its "wingspan" is friggin immense and disproportionate to a human. Its arms and its movement seem very ape/primate-like to me.
He probably wanted coffee
*chuckles in 2020*
Everybody dreams every night when they sleep. It's either you remember your dreams to some degree, or you don't. That's not the same as not dreaming.
Its immensely effective when used in conjunction with Zinc and administered as early as possible after a positive test. Full recovery from symptom onset between 12-24 hours.
When they get stupid in my neighborhood I just let loose 3 or 4 Texas Longhorns, send them running up the street. It looks like the Spanish Running Of The Bulls the way those idiots panic and flee. After the bulls patrol for a bit they all come back to the yard for some grub.
That's genius level shit right there
Exactly
Go to Jones Beach, you can swim
Agreed
What would it matter really? Trump isn't winning NYS. I crack on SI as much as the next guy but this time I'm cutting them a break.
Yep
Link please
Its not their values that make them idiots, its their lack of common sense, common courtesy, and acting off emotion instead of logic that makes them idiots
this guy gets it
Explore abandoned train stations and tunnels throughout the city
Snail testicles 🐌 And its a real snail, not a decoy snail
I give this question: ⭐
"En De Blasio" is italian for "I am In Confusion"
$0.02 is 2¢ I am a bot
You should have your apartment inspected by the city. Circumvent the landlord for now. Let the city make the determination and they will notify the landlord if there is a safety issue. The landlord has a vested interest to not go about this type of $hit honestly. Get it inspected, for your safety and everyone elses. The fact that its new construction means nothing.
Oh, I see. Thanks. Edit: lol I was like if the buckshot are each .45 he's gonna take half the building structure out, haha
Central-ish to Northeast Queens is relatively safe compared to other parts of Queens. Bayside is safe.
Nothing, chief
Enjoy the peace and quiet, and stock up on cash and supplies
a
*chuckles in Yellowstone Magma Chamber*
dumb
You might want to cross-post this to r/nycrail, those guys are friggin experts over there.
*chuckles in Yellowstone Magma Chamber*
As most are saying, you're better off waiting until all this blows over. Go have a nice cold pint down at The Winchester instead 🍻
Because he *could* be sick and not know it. It happened to me and I gave my parents the virus unknowingly. Thank goodness they had mild symptoms and recovered. I had no symptoms until I woke up one day with no sense of smell or taste - by then it was too late. Its been 9 weeks since I recovered but I still wear a mask to protect others just in case.
Actually yesterday and today are the longest days of the year, then we start tilting north again and sunset will be a couple of minutes sooner each evening.
That's cool! Please have each of your customers video record their shutdowns. Then you post the videos to your business channel on YouTube 👍
I never read so much until smart phones became a thing.
This is why they did the London false flag attacks on 7/7, no disparity between US vs European month day - day month notations.
"...At what point then is the approach of danger to be expected? I answer, if it ever reach us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide." -Abraham Lincoln 1838
A lot of people that used to take buses and trains are going to drive now, out of fear of being on packed public transit. The roads are going to be even more of a shit show than they were before.
One car was obstructed, the second car (not obstructed) came from behind, passed the first car on the right and drove into the protesters. How is that not excessive force again?
"I'm outta molly, got some Salvia tho..."
And even the you'll barely ever see a street sweeper come thru. Once a month or two, if you're lucky. Large parts of Queens don't even have alternate side at all.
Ok along the east bound LIE two blocks west of 188th street. Got it.
Note to self: do not update anything google related
9 hours? We used to make the run from Queens to SUNY Buffalo every couple months in like 6 hours in either direction. Am I missing something?
Bus and trains in nys a mask is a requirement by executive order. If it's enforced is a different story.
Pee pee
🙄
"oh my god" -Sol Rosenberg
Phase 5
It depends on the neighborhood and who your friends are.
Scooters have a lower center of gravity and are actually more maneuverable than say a mountain bike or a road bike
No problem with your thread or comments, just jerks with nothing better to do than downvote for no reason.
Don't most nyc parks have free wifi, especially in Manhattan?
Make sure the exp dates are still good before trying to donate it
Wait, there's Mortadella without pistachio? Fucking sacrelig
Of those neighborhoods im partial to Forest Hills. If its by Austin street you're a block off Queens Blvd with access to the F,E,R,M trains and all kinds of buses. Your commute is a little longer than from Woodside or Jackson Heights, but not by much, and the neighborhood is worth the extra 15 minutes commute imho. I grew up in Kew Gardens Hills, and lived in Kew Gardens, and n.e. Richmond Hill currently, all three bordering Forest Hills.
It's becoming less rare as time goes forward. Low lying areas will be more prone to flooding as storms become worse and sea levels rise with climate change. I'm not saying immediately, but the trends are there.
The width to length ratio doesn't look human imo, especially the clearest one in the center-left
If your referring to Fran Drescher she's from Flushing, Queens. She and my mom worked at Olinskys supermarket on Kissena Blvd when they were like twenty-somethings. She went on initially to have a small role in Saturday Night Fever with John Travolta.
Abuse of some kind, physical, sexual, psychological or some combination of all of the above
Mikaleeg Hezjuzfartid and Levdaroom Datbastid
Raiding subreddits is not rad
Move to Northeast Queens - Bayside, Douglaston, Little Neck. It's the suburbs but your commute will be minimal
This chart shows 800 was the max one day death count https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/covid/covid-19-data-deaths.page Scroll down to the first graph
Vacuums back then had settings that took into account high pile shag rugs.
You should cross post this to r/nycrail if you haven't
What intersection is this exactly?
Thanks
Left &amp; Right, two sides of the same treasonous coin. Avoid the false paradigm
[QProofs - Volume 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z15Xt1vGXns)
Watch the whole thing, I watched it as a primer to Q because I didn't know any specifics about it, just the banter on Reddit and a while back AJ talking about Q. I was gob-smacked during the whole video.
Treat covid-19 positives with hydroxychloroquine and Zinc early on and the vast majority of people recover, usually within 12-24 hours. Wait too long and not so much
