I can't help but feel that's not "irrational" in the slightest!
Dunno, but I stopped getting stuff from there after I saw a massive rat run out from under the fridge and into the back of the shop. And I don't mean a mouse, this thing was huge!
I recently found it on Blu Ray, and the HD really makes it pop. It's my favourite Philip K Dick adaptation, above even Blade Runner. The rotoscoping just gives it such a unique look and feel. Wonderful film.
They trained together, iirc, when preparing for the movies. I remember hearing that somewhere - they were sparring partners. I say do it. It'd be awesome.
When he's allowed to cut loose (like the famous Talking Smack promo) he's superb, though.
This is one of the reasons I wish WWE PPVs were on a Saturday night. I'd love to be able to just get up on Sunday morning and watch them on the network (or if it's a particularly good one, just stay up, watch it, and sleep in). Having them on a Sunday night sucks, because there's invariably work the next morning, and if it's a big PPV it's really hard to avoid spoilers by the time I get home from work to watch it.
For a nice potato-based snack: Boil some baby potatoes until they're soft. Drain the pot. Then pop in a knob of butter, some minced garlic and a couple of spoonfuls of (smoked if you prefer) paprika. Swirl the potatoes around in there until they're nicely coated. You can eat them then and there, or save smaller portions in tupperware containers to eat cold as a snack. They'll last a couple of days.
I really like a solo movie-going experience, with the right movie. Comedy movies, for instance, I always want to go with someone else, as I tend to find that I don't find things anywhere near as funny on my own as when I can feed off the energy of other people reacting to it, if that makes sense. A serious film tho, or a big sci-fi flick, and going alone has a lot of benefits.
See, that's the thing. Whenever I have more time, it's like the availability of choice actually shuts down my brain. Over the Christmas period, I had 10 days off work, and my girlfriend had just moved out, so I had all the time and space in the world to watch, read or listen to anything I wanted, but instead I fell into a weird zone of just re-watching something I knew I liked and was short and didn't need concentration. Same when I was unemployed. I'd look at my DVD collection back then and think "I really really need to watch Taxi Driver, I bought it ages ago... but I'm not in the mood right now." It's weird. Time and space seems to generate apathy.
I remember reading a bit in a Terry Pratchett book about a kid who's taken into a sweetshop and told "you can have any sweet you like" - the kid breaks down and goes into a massive overwhelmed tantrum. It's not that they're a bad kid, it's just that the wealth of choice means that no matter what they pick, and how much they love it, they're still then rejecting countless other options, and they just don't know how to handle that. I think I'm a grown-up version of that. No tantrums, just a bit of scathing self-criticism! Lists are useful, but I've got a habit of making a list, then the next day just re-writing the same list as I've just not gotten around to doing the first one!
Funnily enough, I've never been able to take to audiobooks. I think it's just that they never match my internal reading voice and I find that jarring. Do you drive, or commute? Maybe that's a good time to catch up?
I think the worry is that the kid will get in there unattended and somehow lock themselves in and hurt themselves, and the locked door causes difficulties in resolving the situation. In a house with all adults, especially flatmates, having lockable doors is a 100% must, but when kids are involved, you'd be amazed how much difference the ten seconds it takes to get the lock opened from the outside (if that's even possible) could make to an emergency situation.
I... I think I might love your wife.
Horizon Zero Dawn, but with Zelda: Breath of the Wild as a close second (better weapon durability might have pushed that to the top).
A really really good stretch.
Altered Carbon could be good. Also, is The Expanse's next season going to be this year? If so, that.
I don't think he's saying folk who work office jobs can't be big if they do stuff in their spare time, etc. He's more saying that Strange was crippled, unable to use his hands, but remained cut/buff/whatever even though in the time that supposedly passed in the film, there's no way he'd have been able to maintain that physique with the lifestyle he was supposedly living at that point.
Surely they shouldn't be able to just skip timetabled stops at all, though? I've experienced it myself (back when I used to work in South Gyle, the train back from Edinburgh to Dunfermline skipped us now and again) and it's a nightmare when you don't have any alternative available.
In fairness, the Vietnam War was over 50 years ago. If the US had drone technology back then, things may have turned out very differently.
OH NO!!! :( I love that dog!
It was more coming home that was the problem. I worked at the Gyle, and going there was fine, but the train was the only way to get back to Dunfermline as, at the time, I didn't drive and there were no direct buses (I'd have to go a big round trip into Edinburgh proper). I was working shifts, so often I'd be finishing at 8pm or 11pm (literally just enough time to get to South Gyle for the last train home). It wasn't a regular (like, once a week) thing for the trains to skip us, but it happened often enough to be a worry, especially when it was the last train. Got stranded and had to get my now ex-wife to drive in and pick me up a few times. Other times it would be a two-carriage train at rush hour, with an announcement apologising for "lack of rolling stock" and you just couldn't physically get on. That was much more frequent at peak times, of course. I just think if they're going to skip a stop, they should have to do something to rectify that for those who either needed to get off there, or who needed to board there. It's the way they just sort of shrug their shoulders and go "sorry, nothing we can do" when this stuff happened that drove me bonkers. Thankfully now I work within walking distance of my flat, so I'm well out of the Scotrail Horror Show!
I imagine the massive salary he gets helps comfort him slightly. The guy's a fucking toad.
I used to have to do a round trip like that every day simply because there was no way I could afford to park my car in Edinburgh. Having to use public transport to commute shouldn't be an excuse for this little bawbag.
I was thinking that too. It's got elements of the SPOS episode's artwork.
I honestly can't picture that. I used to think he looked on the verge of snapping when he was simply walking to the ring!
That's just an older generation thing, is it not? My granny (Glaswegian, never set foot any further outside Glasgow than Falkirk pretty much in her life) called them baffies as well.
Certainly the most boring since Ted DiBiase Jr.
(I'll throw one in as well) We see the folk of the Balmer Po-lice And their rivals who deal on the streets With docks and school classes Some political asses And Method Man is all about cheese.
Shit, y'know I never actually finished that show. I think I've still to watch the final season. Same with Chuck, funnily enough. Maybe I just like to leave spy stories open-ended!
Funnily enough, there are three bridges in the Firth of Forth. The names "Forth Road Bridge" and "Forth Rail Bridge" have been known to confuse when there were only two. Now that there's three, I imagine the "but where's the fourth bridge?" confusion will only increase.
Oh christ, I remember that. IIRC, he actually just looked more disappointed than pissed about it, too.
Why is the box so huge? What's in it? (It gives Amazon's "box the size of a tv for a micros sd card" technique a run for thier money!) (Also, congrats and ignore the lunatic! Gamer girls are awesome and I wish I knew some! :D )
Ever had an ingrown hair on your balls? You wouldn't need to ask the question if you had!
Whenever she's cooking, in the middle of the prep she will always come over with a little bit of something she's cutting up (by which I mean like a red pepper, or some cheese; not raw chicken, for instance!) and feed it to me. It's adorable and lovable.
I'm at that point just now. I'm suffering badly from depression, and so have absolutely zero motivation (ie: passion) for anything. Even if I did, I have absolutely nothing that I would consider myself to be genuinely talented in. I was a half-way decent photographer about ten years ago, but my eyesight went and that went with it. I've no idea how to change it, tbh. I spend most of my days sitting in my living room staring at the walls and wishing some magic inspiration would hit.
The "Otherland" series by Tad Williams. It did Ready Player One better, and earlier, than RPO.
I was having a fist-fight with Hitler in an old theatre because I found out he was part of a plot to assassinate the director of a football club to prevent a takeover that happened more than 20 years ago. Was kicking his ass, too, which was satisfying!
I'd probably ask the closest attractive woman to have sex, despite the fact I'm in a loving relationship. If it was my girlfriend, brilliant, but if not, I'd still want to go out with a bang, so to speak.
Wanking instead of walking was an interesting one!
I'm a pacifist, so wouldn't really be my cup of tea. That said, even if I wanted to, I'm too old.
The Big Dog amounts!!!
TV show: The Simpsons Movie: Airplane/The Naked Gun films.
Firefly.
I am serious. And don't call me Shirley!
Crackers + salty butter + cheese.
I wonder how far "anything you want" goes. "Ok babe, I've cooked dinner and cleaned the kitchen." "Great... Rrrr... now you can do ANYTHING you want..." "Awesome. I'm going to go play Zelda while your sister sucks me off!" "..." "What?"
Regret that I'm still alive.
Tape what you want both night and day... Then re-record, not fade away! Re-record, not fade away! Re-rec.... etc
My friend had a football-jersey style one and it was really good.
I'd say he was over before that catchphrase. He's got charisma, ability and strength - really there's no reason why he shouldn't be pushed more. He's basically the complete package in terms of what you want from a wrestler, aside from the fact he's not American/Canadian, but that ideal seems to finally be shifting a bit as well.
What's a findom model?
Neville returns and beats the absolute and utter tar out of a legend - preferably Michaels - and gives a heated heel promo about how we need to stop living in the past because he's the present and the future, etc.
...this is a thing?? How does one, um, enter into this profession?
I'm worried for Asuka now. She got to throw folk over the top and stand tall in the go-home show, which I'm taking as a sign she's not winning the WRR. (Still think Rousey will debut and win, but will still be sad if it's not Asuka...)
You could take them out to the beach with you and they could help you if you drop your keys in the water..? Or treasure hunt?
Doesn't "come to terms" mean that they've agreed a severance package of some kind? Which would mean Enzo has signed off on it, by extension meaning he couldn't sue?
Have you ever heard of the Pudu Deer? That's a miniature deer species that might fulfil your need!
Maybe not, but I think it's growing a bit. Was reading an unrelated story earlier about a woman suing because a promoter didn't put on sufficient sign-language support at a music concert, too, which also seems baffling to me: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-42776454
...do you still have it?
Three that don't seem to have been mentioned yet spring to mind; 1) The Shield supposedly having some sort of 'leader' in the shadows pulling the strings. I'm sure there were a few allusions toward it, and I'm so glad it never happened. 2) Neville coming to the main roster with a "Mighty Mouse" gimmick was supposedly a 100% sure thing according to most of the dirtsheets. 3) A female wrestler coming in as Sister Abigail at some point.
From a personal opinion standpoint, I was devastated when Roman beat Kane's eliminations record. Roman was always going to go on to be a multi-time champion, WM main eventer, etc. I just wanted Kane to have at least one long-lasting legacy thing in the WWE that was fundamentally his. Most eliminations in a single RR match was a brilliant one for his character's history (and eventual HoF induction, etc), and I felt they threw that away on a whim just to give Roman yet one more thing to add to his growing pile of accolades as they tried desperately to get him over.
Personally, I'm giving it six stars. I was saying to a friend; it actually turned me into a five year old kid again. I was leaping up and down in my chair like a mental case. I had gone in expecting it to be a case of "kill time til Ciampa appears" and by fuck my expectations were utterly wrong. It sucked me in bigtime and made me live every fucking moment. Genuinely one of the best wrestling matches I've ever seen. Amazing stuff. I only finished watching Takeover about half an hour ago and I'm STILL buzzing from it.
Braun and Lesnar have previous for "misunderstanding" in the ring, from back when Braun was a Wyatt, right? Part of me almost wants it to utterly lose control and genuinely turn into a fight - how the fuck would they separate them?
I hope Nikki Cross gets to make an appearance and kick the hell out of a few main roster ladies. Let her go mental.
Search engines. They always bring up what the character is looking for within the first one or two links.
Urg: "Look at wooly mammoth! No way we kill!" Ogg: "Hold Ogg's drink water!"
My girlfriend lives in Canada, and I'm in the UK. It's awful. I'd have a portal connecting her place to mine (I've no idea if this is possible - what's the range on a portal gun?)
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles The twist at the end of season 2 opened up the Terminator franchise to an amazing range of potentially interesting stories. If they'd got even half the budget the likes of Salvation or Genesys had received, the Terminator franchise could still have been top of the pile in terms of sci-fi.
Net Neutrality
Life on Mars/Ashes to Ashes
Immigrant Song from Led Zeppelin III
There are various symptoms, such as: * increased frequency of headache * sleeping too little or too much * change in appetite (again, either eating much less or eating much more) * mood swings * lack of energy * changes in personal hygiene (ie: not bothering to shave when you're usually clean shaven, or not washing regularly) * elevated heartbeat * increased sweating (palms especially) * loss of focus/concentration This isn't an exhaustive list by any means, but it's a few telltale signs to watch out for.
Get a wireless mouse (one with a small dongle). Plug the dongle into the back of their machine and sit somewhere you can see their screen. Every so often (not every time) wait til they're about to click on something, then jerk your mouse to the side. Do this over the course of a day and you'll drive them potty. (A variation of this is to take two back-to-back PCs and swap their mouse connectors over. The mouse will seem to work, but won't do what they want.)
I'm not into the fancier stuff, so I go: Top bun Fried onion Slice of cheese Bacon Slice of cheese Beef patty Slice of cheese Bottom bun I don't tend to do sauces, etc. I just like having the taste of the meat and cheese.
I used to work in an insolvency firm. One of my clients was a guy who'd had his own business, pretty young wife, happy and comfortable life. Then his wife and child both died in childbirth and his entire life just fell to ribbons. His business collapsed, his house was repossessed, he ended up living on a friend's couch until the friend got drunk one night and stabbed him in the eye with a broken bottle. Poor, poor bastard. He survived, but even talking to him in the course of my job I could just feel how utterly broken he was inside.
Best thing to do is to keep yourself occupied and don't dwell on the past (as much as you can, anyway). Go out and see your friends, read the book you've always meant to read, take up a new hobby, exercise, etc. Keeping busy will occupy your mind and assist the healing process.
Somehow convince my girlfriend to marry me. If that doesn't happen, become an English teacher. (If the first thing happens, I'll move to be with her and the second thing will become impossible.)
I used to say "self-depreciation" instead of "self-deprecation" Technically, it still sort of works, but aye...
I genuinely thought I'd never fall head-over-heels in love in the "true love" sort of way. I was 34 when it happened for the first time. Now I'm desperately fighting to keep the relationship going due to distance now separating us. I'll be utterly crushed if I lose her.
I do love that woman's gentle way with words.
Fuck: 21 year old Monica Bellucci Marry: 21 year old Audrey Hepburn Kill: 21 year old Margaret Thatcher
When I was around 20, my gran died of cancer. Slowly, painfully, stretched out over a year that felt like it lasted forever. My first girlfriend left me because I spent "too much time" with my gran and not going to parties with her, etc. Through all of this, my dog was my constant companion, and got me through so much of it with that unwavering loyalty and love that dogs bring. Not long after my gran died, he died of cancer.
What do I need to do in order to become friends with you, but not give you the impression that I want to have sex with you. Every woman I've tried to befriend in the last couple of years has assumed I'm trying to get into her pants. It's very frustrating.
I'm not actually nice tho. I just don't want to sleep with them!
&gt; Not totally unheard of to see new mama cats carting around horrified newborn squirrels like they were kittens. Do they (the cats) eventually wise-up to the fact these are not kittens and turn on them, or do they "mother" them forever?
"You're cute and all, but I'm literally the size of one of your legs."
I don't think he intended to injure him - although I only have watching it live to judge by, as it's not in the highlights. I think Levein was out of order making that assertion, tbh, especially given the treatment Tierney was on the receiving end of for half the game. However, only Brown will know if he intended it or not. He's not one to shy away from a tackle, but he's never really come across as the sort who'd want to end someone's career. Not a Roy Keane on Haaland type, for instance.
What about the Red Arrow? I can't remember anyone kicking out of that at all (I'm sure I'll be wrong on this, tho).
They could do a lot worse than reuse the Shield's early storyline, with a few tweaks. Have them come in, cause chaos, but be faces (or tweeners) who are looking out for those who are victims of heels cheating. Then you get a few interesting feuds where a group of cheating heels band together to try and face off against them.
I'm like this with jewelry - I keep wanting to add extra letters!
Yeah, it's a nice-looking signature that. Fits his character perfectly, too. Really looking forward to seeing him and Drew go at it at some point in a good old-fashioned hoss fight. JR would have been amazing on the mic for that confrontation.
I'll always think of that as "Christian's Golden Shower"
I'm Scottish. Which means I can't even get it right in a thread about getting these things wrong. Dear god! :D
Fingerpoke of Doom could be a great claymation highlight.
I feel like watching the one hour cut of this in VR would be very therapeutic.
Slight correction - he said "playing solo" is an option. It's a persistently online game, there's no offline mode, I'm afraid.
Oh god, can you imagine a world in which those two collaborated? :D
Administration stuff for quite a large organisation. Government-related, sort of. My job was hamstrung from the start due to the fact that half the office were off on long-term sick when I started, and so I ended up having to cover their jobs before getting any time to do my own, and it all sort of went downhill from there.
Thank you. :) In all honesty, not 100% sure yet. Thinking about a career change and going back to university, maybe to study counselling. Finances are a bit tight though, so might be a need to get a placeholder job in the short term!
I'm in the UK, so I'm not sure how it works wherever you are, but I think going to a doctor is the best first step. If you're in the UK, give NHS24 a call and ask them if they can refer you to someone to speak to, tell them you are suffering badly from stress and anxiety, etc. If you're not in the UK, check for your local mental health related charities, who will probably be able to offer assistance and guidance relevant to your location. Best of luck!
Is he out injured, or has he falling into that dark pit called "Creative has nothing for you" at this point?
That'll be the escalation in the next match. That evil bald bastard has no level too low to stoop to!
If it wasn't for it being on the other brand, I'd have liked them to have feuded over the IC. For whatever reason, a bit like with Mr Perfect back in the day, I've started to think of that as "Miz's belt" - he really brought a respect and desire for it and put the title over amazingly.
The standard "UK tour" definition for many things strikes again. Still, hopefully they'll expand to other places soon after.
Bacon maybe? Or perhaps cheese and ham?
Scotland, actually. Possibly the only country with a less healthy approach to food!
Forgive my ignorance in asking this, but do the Japanese promotions do anything to mark the passing of former stars there, like how the WWE used to do the ten-bell salute, or will have a video package dedicated to the wrestler in question, etc? RIP Vader. You were a monster and a legend.
Was that the one with the mental cuckoo advert? Remember Irn Bru XS as well? The orange/bru weird hybrid that they totally disavow all memory of now?
Your keys can't unbar the door, though...
Are you a henchman for a baddie?
It looks like the "big Asda" in Dunfermline as well.
Glad I could help, brother! Becoming thinner on the ground now!
Yeah, it's a bit of a shame. Like they're basically saying that without students, there's no point. Which is probably partly true, in fairness!
I would definitely do it, because I feel tired ALL THE TIME even when I do sleep. So to feel alert and focused all the time? Yes please! (Just as long as employers don't take advantage of it to set people longer working hours.)
Ah, ok. I assumed it was the Note 8 because my Moto G4 Plus that I had prior to it didn't do it. Might have been an older version of Android, right enough!
That's really lovely of her. Well done Miss Watson!
But it also obeyed (presumably) a command, so surely doggo?
WWE is weird about "wrestling" sometimes. I mean, wasn't Bryan supposed (I know it didn't really pan out that way) to be the heel when he was telling Cena "I'm a better wrestler than you" - the fact a wrestling company positions the use of the word "wrestler" as a heel line is bonkers-crazy-mental.
Halloween must have surely filtered out the last remaining sane ones?
I get a little put off by it because, at the moment, I simply don't have the means to travel. I'm a full-time student trying to reinvent my life, and while I'd love to "jump on a plane at a moment's notice" etc, I just don't have the money OR freedom to do so at the moment, and I feel like I'd be judged harshly because of that.
My age is a factor tho. Most folk I can match with aren't students, and so have an expectation of what they want life to be at the moment, I find. However, I'll keep on plugging away! :D
I kinda like the AJ Styles one of those...
I find women do their own version of it too, generally in packed rush-hour transport, which is to sit with their legs crossed and one leg basically kicking me in the shins. I've had to ask a few times for the woman next to me to stop it because she's been getting mud on my work trousers.
I really like the one near the Canon Gait (is it Bene's it's called?). Really good chippy. Have only tried Pierinos once, and it was admittedly lovely, but Bene's still edges it for me.
Nikki Cross could be brought up fully, and if they play to her strengths, she could be a great opponent for any face on there.
God, that just looks so much better! Good bot!
I think it peaked with the GR series. The most recent one felt a lot weaker, imo. Hopeful that the next one will pick up the quality again tho.
Cesaro and Ohno as the Kings, of course?
I would love this to be a thing. I've a lot of missing teeth due to a bad beating I got when I was young, and I simply don't have the money for expensive implants. Being able to regrow them would be amazing.
I used to be seethingly jealous of my best friend due to this. He had the AT-AT **and** the Millennium Falcon. All my mum could afford was a bloody Endor speederbike.
Bryan turning on Bray would sneak in there somewhere, I reckon.
I think this part of the OP is worryingly plausible, tbh!
Thank you!
Holy fuck, was he fired out of something??
I really want, one of these days, a huge singles feud between Rusev and Big E where the script is out the window and they're just allowed to go all out to out-weird one another. It would be absolute gold.
Do you have a clip of this? It sounds incredible!
To me, there's less "this is fake" to see, for instance, Ronda Rousey taking on someone like Daniel Bryan than a dude the size of Rey Mysterio taking on the Big Show. They would just have to choose the matchups carefully. Don't put Braun Strowman against someone the size of Alexa Bliss, for instance. It's why I've said before that I think 205 Live would be a good place for intergender wrestling. The men there are, on the whole, closer in size to the women.
There's elements of Punk/Cena too. "I'm better than you, but you're the chosen corporate favourite" sort of stuff.
I honestly think this is the best piece of pure storytelling the WWE has done in years. Best since Bryan's "not the weakest link" run for sure.
It's on the verge of going Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner - does Ciampa/Gilmartin even exist, or is he just an imaginary avatar for Gargano's evil, or is he the Devil himself?
I left the house. Admittedly it was just to go get some food for later, but still, given how I've been feeling lately, that was quite a success for me.
Unfortunately I live in an area where there aren't all that many black girls, but I've no consideration on skintone; if someone's attractive, they're attractive regardless. (Co-incidentally, I was just rewatching Deadpool 2 and I'm utterly in love with Zazie Beetz...)
Notice these stories are almost always accompanied by a 'sexy' shot of the woman in question, whereas if it was a male teacher and female student, the absolute last thing they'd be showing would be a pic of him flexing with his top off or whatever.
The final episode of Person of Interest was completely satisfying, made narrative sense, and just felt right in line with the overall tone of the show. Honourable mentions to Orphan Black and The Wire as well.
&gt; same, but more so because these two are probably the least life altering. Yeah, my answer and reasoning as well.
Folk who don't wipe down the machines after them - especially when they're REALLY sweaty/smelly.
I want to see him v Gargano again sometime down the line for one of the main roster titles.
Susan Boyle
I got my first kiss that night! My friends and I were supposed to go into town together, there was a shitload of live music being put on, etc. But they all let me down because they were invited to a party by a guy who hated me, and expressly said I wasn't allowed to come. Something in me just said "well fuck you then!" and I went into town on my own. Watched a Ska band perform (and got my head shaved on stage by them!), obtained a random paper squeaker from somewhere, and went out into the night wandering the various music stages and enjoying myself. At one point, a group of girls were passing, and I blew my paper squeaker at them. They seemed to find this disproportionately hilarious, and all lined up to give me a big hug, and the final one shoved her tongue down my throat. It was over basically before I even realised what was going on, and I'll always regret that I never got her name, but it ultimately ended up being a great night, despite the fact my so-called friends all fucked me over.
If it helps, remember he steals kids' Irn Bru and drops them from midair...
Predator 2 and Predators! I was gutted he didn't cover these in the run-up to The Predator coming out.
Predator 2 please!
For wrestlers (and similar jobs like actors) it must be sort of weird to try and separate out the folk who are basically playing along (ie: hating on the character, kayfabe if you will) and people who are just being assholes to the person. Like, for instance, if someone went onto KO's Twitter after the Festival of Friendship and posted "KO you're a dick. I hope Jericho kills you!" - I wouldn't see that as anything more than folk buying into the persona and the storyline. But then you have that weird mix where these performers are sometimes posting in kayfabe, and sometimes not, and it muddies the water. All in all, I agree with what Sami is saying, but I also think a measured look at what the 'abuse' is can be overlooked at times, if that makes sense? So as with any other walk of life, the problem is with assholes being assholes and/or taking things too far. That's sadly not unique to social media.
It's a source of complete bafflement to me that you can get polaroid-branded shit of any description, other than instant cameras/film, due to those having been taken over by that overpriced Impossible Company mob.
Things were going reasonably well until she sent me a "If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best" image on WhatsApp. I could never look at her the same after that.
I hope so. They need to pull the trigger on Drew as a killing machine soon or he's at risk of losing the aura he's built up with this return. They've hit that "spinning their wheels" phase with him again, probably waiting until Braun/Brock is out of the way, but they're taking a risk there.
I'm 37 and I'm fairly sure I could never have had a figure like his even when I was 27. Some people just win the genetic lottery, and our friend R-Truth is one such human.
It's not that I never want to go out, don't get me wrong (or the other things) - it's just that I'm more of an introvert and enjoy a quiet night in most of the time. I still love getting out and about, going to see friends, etc.
I used to live just along from that pub. St Patrick's Day (or "week" now, as it seems) was like a sneak preview of the Seventh Layer of Hell. I think Dante would have given up and fucked off home.
I don't think I'd ever have the guts to suggest a first date in someone's own home, tbh. I'd be worried they'd think I was sleazy/pushy!
Interesting; for some reason I thought the Belter language was a sort of variation of Afrikaans. I have no idea why, other than the accent, I guess!
Don't really feel like there's a genuine replacement out there, tbh. Amazon Prime next-day is probably your best bet for the most part, sadly. For all Maplin was horrendously overpriced, I did quite like going in for a vague wander now and again. We miss stores like that (or Tandy, etc.)
Check out the "Meadows Share" and "Broughton Leith Share" groups on Facebook as well. They often have folk giving things away and sometimes the items are pretty decent (I got a cracking kitchen table, for instance).
Alien: Resurrection was the first that sprung to mind for me. The "Mommmeeeeee...." moment with the hybrid being sucked out of the structure.
No matter how much you dislike them, there's Bounty be more of them than anything else.
Brazzers are probably putting in their pitch to Ziggler right now...
Women's Tag Titles = immunity to challenges.
That men instantly become incompetent disaster-machines when left alone with a child of any age.
When I was in college about maybe 12 years ago, I got a classmate's MSN address to add them so we could discuss the project we were working on. She missed out the underscore at the end, and so I ended up adding someone else; a girl in Michigan (I was in Glasgow, Scotland). We chatted for a bit, got along, and are still friends to this day.
Is he a large, muscular man with a variety of vibrantly-coloured gear? If so, he's brought it on himself.
That the efficient electric car could have been standard decades ago if it wasn't for oil companies (and associated interests) suppressing the technology.
In Glasgow, there's a couple of notable examples; 1) "The Jogging Bierhoff" - a dude who always seems to be out jogging, replete with mullet and 70's pornstache, and exclusively wears old football (soccer) tops with "Bierhoff" on the back (he was a German footballer for those who don't know). 2) "The Electric Scarecrow" - a bit of a weird guy. Wanders around all day dressed like he's just stepped out of a mid-90s warehouse rave, complete with high-vis vest, whistle, etc. When I last saw him, he had white-tipped hair. Spends much of his day riding on the buses as well.
I've said a few times to folk that, great as the Festival is, it's grown too big and could do with splitting up in some way. It's become an utter monster, taking over increasingly more of the city and making August borderline unbearable if you have to commute within the city. I think it's starting to steadily move into Leith now, which always use to be a relatively safe-haven from the madness. Plus it seems like the Fringe has started to be getting swamped with big, established acts now, rather than the up-and-comers it always felt like a great place for. I've seen various comedians complain that they can't get a decent spot anymore because folk who've been high-level for years book the best places out at inflated prices, although that's anecdotal, of course. I think it'd be good to split it in half. Put on a "comedy festival" one month (maybe earlier in the year, tail end of winter, to cheer everyone up?) and keep August as an "arts/culture" festival for music and non-stand-up performance (ie: plays, dance, live music, etc). I think it would be beneficial in various ways; it would thin out the saturation, for one thing, open up a bit more opportunity for the smaller level acts, and maybe give those of us who live here a bit more breathing space. (And from an old fart curmudgeon point of view, I hate how long it takes the city to recover from the mass influx of billboards, posters, flyers, etc. Not to mention the arsehole self-promoters who put stickers all over the place.)
Art is subjective, though. I much prefer this to, for instance, a Rothko painting, but others will feel the opposite and their opinion is equally valid.
I thought that road was Amphion Lane? Could be wrong, tho! Edit: aye, I'm wrong - just Google Map'd it. Amphion Lane comes off Murano Place, so Crighton Place is indeed the corner. My bad!
Discombobulate (or any variation thereof).
* For me and everyone I know/care about to always be in perfect physical condition/health * To be fluent in every major language on the planet to borderline native-speaker level * To be rich enough to comfortably never have to work again
This. Except for the fact that people tended to treat meeting times more like actual obligations, rather than a vague suggestion that can be overridden by a quick "sorry, running a bit late" WhatsApp message. Having the internet and a semi-decent camera in my pocket at all times is fucking amazing.
I was hillwalking on a Scottish island with my now ex-wife. We decided to try and climb a steep hill alongside a waterfall, which looked pretty challenging, but I was up for it. We struggled and peched and panted our way up that hill, starting early afternoon and, just as we reached the top, the sun began setting. I stood there, breathing in the scents of heather and gorse, listening to the waterfall's subdued roar, marvelling at the sparkling wings of the dragonflies as they swooped and soared all around, snatching insects out of the air with skill and precision. Proud, was my heart, and high my spirits. I marvelled at the glory of nature all around me. I took a step forward towards the beautiful natural spring from which I intended to fill my water bottle... Instantly I was thigh-deep in a bog. A leech and ticks filled bog, which I discovered when I managed to get my leg back out.
Being a male in an office environment, the dress code is a continual source of gender inequality. I have to wear a collared shirt, but the women in the office can wear what's basically a plain (or patterned) t-shirt, which classes as "a top" when on a woman, but "go home and change" on a guy.
I have been genuinely known to hire a hotel room purely for this purpose now and again, since moving to my "tiniest shower ever" flat.
The end credits of the "Jurassic Bark" episode of Futurama.
* Bruce Wayne - financier (and security) * Harold Finch (Person of Interest) - tech developer * Don Draper - marketing
Iiiiiif it taaaakes forrrrrrever.... I wiiiiiiiill waaaaaaait for yoooooou.... \*sniff*
I would rob Apple's bank account.
I think he'll surprise a lot of people who only think of him as "the guy from Twilight" tbh. He's a very decent actor, and I think it'll be interesting to see what direction he takes the character. Given that Reeves has said he wants to focus on the "detective" side of Bats, I'm really looking forward to what they come up with.
Father Ted. If you were raised Catholic, especially in Ireland or Scotland, it just rings true on so many hilarious levels.
"Shut up and answer the question!"
Sundogs are cool as fuck.
Around the World by Daft Punk.
When I did a college qualification in graphic design, the teacher (who was still an active graphic designer) clearly saw the class as competition, rather than students to be taught. She would consistently talk down, berate, and belittle the kids in the class who were clearly very good at it (and before anyone says I'm being bitter, I definitely wasn't one of them - although she did tell me my bar/club branding for my final submission was "too cool" and marked it down). She was a right piece of work.
The sequels to Dragon Age: Origins and Mass Effect after EA bought over Bioware. I'll never forgive them.
https://www.worldatlas.com/r/w728-h425-c728x425/upload/9d/b5/db/shutterstock-554011846.jpg They just look very cool.
They're still popular at the moment, but Snapchat filters, when they eventually die, need to die for good.
Although they're very much seen as "lesser-tier" films in a lot of ways, the Ant-Man films do have some of the most brilliantly done shots and set-pieces in the whole MCU. You could list dozens from Ant-Man alone, and then when you get into stuff like Ghost and the Quantum Realm in Ant-Man and the Wasp there's even more to add in. They're visually stunning.
Monday. 1) It's the worst day for dealing with enquiries, as all the folk who wanted to ask questions over the weekend are piled up. 2) I'm a wrestling fan and live in the UK, meaning all the big PPVs are generally at 1am on a Monday morning; it would give me more opportunity to watch them. 3) Commuting is always busiest on a Monday for some reason, so I'd like avoiding that. 4) An extra day to recover from doing anything on a Friday/Saturday night.
Full admin access to my PC, so I could install Splashtop and log into my home PC from my desk to play games while still looking like I'm working.
Induction session on my first day of working for a major international bank. They made us sit down to watch a film about diversity in the workplace. The video was streamed via the company's shitty intranet, and started off with this smug, groomed white dude in a suit. It went like this: "Here at [bank] we have a long and proud history of diversity in the workplace. Look at me, I'm white." And at that exact moment, the video crashed. I just about lost my mind, I was laughing so hard. Everyone else in the room was looking at me like I was a total idiot, but I just couldn't stop. Eventually, I calmed down, and the trainer started the video again. It cut off again at EXACTLY the same place. That was me done for the day. I literally couldn't think about it without bursting into a total fit of giggles. They ended up finishing up the induction training early because of me as I was just distracting everyone else.
Those Snapchat (etc) filters that smooth out faces and make eyes bigger, or whatever. They'll be looked back on like the mullet.
In the art department in my high school, one of the teachers had this big, ornate pottery vase on display that her dead mother had made for her (it might even have been the LAST thing she made for her). One day, when swinging my bag over my shoulder to leave, I caught the vase with the side. Over it went. It actually bounced on the floor twice before shattering upon landing the third time. It honestly felt like the entire thing happened in slow motion - it took an ETERNITY. The look on her face still haunts me to this day.
Xenomorph, Predator (masked), Robocop, Batman. The four defining figures of my childhood.
It's very frustrating. I can't even so much as install a font without getting IT to come in and type in their password.
The big long bubble-bath soak with self-pampering is something that's considered to be a female stereotype in many places. It's not just "taking a bath" - it's the associated aspects.
Hah, I wish!
I probably wouldn't have much interest in Westworld, as cowboys have never been something I've been into. I'd enjoy Shogunworld or Futureworld, though. I'd probably just cut around the place trying to play hero and experiencing the atmosphere.
My dog once farted in his sleep, and it was so loud that it woke him up. He got up and went methodically around everyone in the room, sniffing at them, and only once he'd done this to everyone, sniffed his own butt, at which point he whimpered and slunk out of the room looking thoroughly depressed. It was hilarious.
Soundtrack - Ghost Dog: Way of the Samurai Score - probably Star Wars
Yeah, she's been living off this for ages now.
The fact they keep pushing this "equivalent to Wrestlemania" line suggests that they're doing everything possible to make the Saudis feel like they're getting what they pay for.
It was more muddy/swampy/thick gloop than water, and full of plant life (which disguised it, hence why I set foot, shin, knee and thigh into it), so maybe they were in pockets of drier parts or something. There were about ten on me, plus three leeches. I'm still amazed to this day that I didn't pass out from sheer horror.
I'd probably put myself in at a 6. I try hard to be a good person, but I let myself down a lot with bad judgement calls.
Sylvia (Emmanuelle) Krystel. God she was amazing.
A three-day working week as standard.
You ever go without for a week or so? Imagine how that feels, but multiplied by YOUR ENTIRE LIFE prior to the first time... that's probably why!
In a weird way, I reckon that would actually make Brock like/respect you.
Or if it crashes (which it does frequently - often as soon as the ads are finished).
What's a swamp cooler? (I live in Scotland - heat is rarely an issue. We're melting here today and it's 60 degrees fahrenheit.)
After the previous one ending with R-Truth clinging onto the golf cart, I was half-expecting the final shot of this to be him parachuting to safety.
It's at the stage now, iirc, that English Bulldogs can't give birth naturally, and the pups have to be c-sectioned. And "professional" breeders don't seem to see anything wrong with that? It utterly baffles me.
Anything above 10 degrees Celsius is considered t-shirt weather in Scotland (50 farenheit). When we get above 14 Celsius (57F) it becomes what's known as "taps aff" weather - ie: time for a lot of dudes to go shirtless.
I think originally it was "Exciting news about your ticket" until folk just kept getting pissed off when it was inevitably £2, then it became "we have news about your ticket" I've not won anything in so long that I have no idea what it is now.
In games like this, I prefer first person on foot, but third person in flight. Dunno why, just a weird personal preference. Same with something like, I dunno, Farcry? On foot, first person, but if I get into a vehicle, I feel like I don't know where the edges are unless I'm in "view from behind" and so I dislike it.
My old husky could have chased the horizon for days if given the chance. Heat or no heat. I'm not even sure if he or the horizon would have given up first, tbh. That good boy had energy!
I've not lived in Glasgow for a while now, sadly, but I remember the days of getting the bus in from Pollokshields to the city centre for work and it being a completely different fare every morning. As you say, a complete lucky dip. I live in Edinburgh now (booo, I know) and the bus service here is so much better than Glasgow's was when I lived there (I'm presuming it must have improved slightly in the last few years there, surely?).
&gt; This might actually be the biggest misuse of talent in the history of WWE KENTA and Nakamura would be up there, imo.
I got absolutely destroyed every time in that boss fight. It was great, but I just couldn't keep up with it all and was being decimated from all angles. Eventually had to (yep) god-mode just to get through it. I am ashamed, but the actual story is fun as hell.
I really miss stuff like this. I felt FO4 was a bit lacking in these sort of brilliantly crazy story moments. I thought Vault 88 might have come close - was expecting that character who leaves to actually go somewhere they could be found again and be doing a similar thing in a different way, or moping around, or something.
Godfellas, was it? Such a good episode. Poor Malachi.
Primer
He almost corpses Austin a couple of times - that's a high bar!
Once again the world hates those of us who are colourblind ;)
Should have been renamed "Granny Pants" at some point, rather than "Knickers"
That's my all-time favourite Rumble moment. I was a huge mark for the Hurricane back in the day and all three men played that bit absolutely perfectly.
If ever someone needs an example of how JR could make any moment feel like the most amazing, must-see thing ever, it's either that, or the Jeff Hardy v Taker match.
I miss that era of Rock so much. He was blisteringly good on the mic.
Primer
Rincewind from the Discworld deserves a nod in this thread, I think. He's so powerless that he's basically the "zero" that allows all other magic users to be ranked as better than zero. His only genuine ability (other than a bit of language proficiency) is that he's good at running. But he's taken down eldritch abominations (Bel-Shamroth), overcome a Sourcerer, outwitted the Disc equivalent of Satan, frustrated Death to the point of MAKING IT PERSONAL, and generally managed to come out on top in situations he shouldn't have the slightest chance of.
High School. 3rd year (so age 14) 'discursive' essay. Topic: "Why genocide is justifiable." Terrifying thing is that, other than the subject matter, it was quite well-written and structured, etc. Some actual research evident too (albeit from very very nasty sources).
I'd really like a husky (or two). I've owned them before, and they're great dogs, but in my current situation it's basically impossible. I live alone in a tiny apartment and I'm out at work from about 7am til 6pm, so the poor things would go crazy.
Horrible, horrible news, and a huge blow to the Scottish wrestling community. RIP
Marriage being purely between two people (with the exception of a couple of religions?). I reckon polyamory will be the next big push for recognition and equality. After all, there's no real reason why three or more people couldn't be "married" other than age-old traditional values, and legality around assets (which could be easily dealt with in the form of some documentation).
I'm a guy, and I don't have a massive number of friends, but of my five closest friends, four are women, and two of whom I actually met through Bumble, and became friends with them when it was clear after one and two (respectively) dates that there was no romantic chemistry, but we got along really really well. The other two are just women I've known since I was about 17 (I'm 37 now). The male is my best friend, and has been since we were both 10 years old. I just tend to get along with women better - however I'm the reverse of the dude in the OP, as my comfort with them comes from the fact I grew up in what was basically an all-women environment (after my grandfather died when I was 5), and I tend to find most guys I meet a bit intimidating (my own issues, I know). However, I've always been upfront about my friends with anyone I'm dating; I'm honest about how I know them, and encourage them to meet one another as early as possible so that they can see there's nothing to worry about, etc. So I don't think it's necessarily a problem off the bat if a guy has more female friends than male (or vice versa). Lying, on the other hand, is a bigger red flag. I'm also someone who's been cheated on a few times, so I get the insecurity thing - I sometimes get a bit worried at the amount of male friends my girlfriend has, but I tend to run along the lines of trusting someone until I have an actual reason not to (and it's a 1 strike policy, zero tolerance, etc). So it may simply be that you're projecting insecurity (it's easily done), but as someone who has mainly female friends, the thought of sleeping with any of them now makes me feel very uncomfortable and weird. I just don't see them "sexually" at all (and they're not unattractive women, either, for avoidance of doubt). I have no idea if this helps or not, but wanted to throw in my perspective as potentially similar to the other side here.
Interesting article, but the problem does seem to be when it's purely "1 (rich) man, several women" from what it says. I'm thinking more on a generally more open basis - could be 1 woman, multiple men, or 2 of each gender, or three+ of the same gender, etc. Personally, I think marriage itself is pointless overall, and basically driven by either religious needs or financial ones (ie: who gets what). I just don't see why it can't be adjusted to take into account new ways of people being together. (For what it's worth, I'm not poly, so don't particularly have a dog in this race, etc.)
Tell you what, I'd vote for her to be running things before any of the public school bastards who generally get in.
"I've lost my phone number, can I borrow yours?" or the classic "Want to go halfs on a bastard?"
Lament the fact that I might have been able to keep the love of my life if it was easier to see one another after she had to move home to a different continent.
Brock Lesnar
"What do you REALLY hate?" I think shared hatreds are much easier to bond over than finding likes in common...
Optimism
that's when you know they're the girl/guy for you.
Yeah, wait til the "live action" Lion King comes out. It's going to be wall-to-wall Beyonce again.
This sounds intriguing. Can you expand?
Aw man, that sucks. Still, you know deep down you were the best regardless. Is Honduran football quite strong at the moment then? p.s. Emilio Izaguirre was a big player for my team in Scotland, so we have a tiny Honduran link!
Wolves can survive without humans, dogs can't. How long do you think a Chihuahua's life expectancy would be in the wild without human support? Probably fairly short!
Accumulate mass with very little effort. It's like magic - I don't even feel like I eat all that much, but I still continue to expand.
Street Hawk trumps those for me. Tangerine Dream soundtrack. Can't beat that!
I would very gratefully swap with you anytime. And then head immediately to the local pizza place.
It could be added to a dystopian totalitarian approach as well. You get a notification that The Londoners are having a meeting in one of the structures (say one of the living quarters) and you're given the options to: * Let them be (no impact to happiness, but Londoner numbers grow) * Send in the Watch to arrest the ringleaders (minor impact to happiness, Londoner numbers reduce by a couple. Requires (x) manned Watchtowers) * Burn the structure (happiness greatly reduced, but Londoner numbers reduced by 20%)
You hate me for getting fat easily? Man, talk about piling on the agony!
Alphabet Aerobics by Blackalicious At least there'd be variety.
Somewhere I once worked allowed students to have drinks and "small snacks, like chocolate bars" in the exams (presumably so no-one would pass out from low blood sugar or something). One of the students, it was discovered, had very carefully opened up a Twix wrapper, written various things on the inside, and then somehow managed to reseal it so that it looked like it'd never been opened. They literally only got caught because they dropped it on the floor and the invigilator (being friendly and helpful) went to pick it up for them and they flipped out in a frantic panic to pick it up first. Was pretty clever, tho.
Crazy question - are you sure your friend didn't report you (even accidentally)?
Shane again: is there any reason we can't make it 50 feet?
"Influencers"
Discombobulate(d)
No, hence the trouble!
I'm five minutes into playing and the screen goes dark. A minute later, my character regains consciousness. I hear a voice: "Hey, you're finally awake.." God DAMMIT Todd!
Canadian Goose v Honey Badger: Clash of the Titans
As someone who was brutally bullied most of my childhood and up til my early 20s, which utterly destroyed my potential future and took almost two decades to recover from, I'd say that yes, they should be punished. I know I'm just bitter and twisted, but when I see the folk who kicked the hell out of me before every exam to "make sure" I failed leading successful lives while I still, at 37 years old, struggle with all the confidence issues and physical impacts (half my teeth were knocked out, my left knee's never quite recovered from one of the beatings, etc), it just makes me seethe with rage.
I'm a lifelong teetotaller. He tried to spike my drink when I went to the bathroom in a pub we were in. Thankfully one of my friends saw him do it. He said "I just thought it'd be a laugh."
All six people that would fit in my flat at one time are welcome!
No kids. Works in generic office admin stuff. He's into geeky stuff, but tends to buy anything he wants the second it comes out (so things like Marvel home releases, etc, he always has on pre-order, etc).
Surrealist and/or sarcastic humour.
There's a first person camera mod that you can use which lets you basically "walk" on the surface as if you're a pedestrian, or click on one to see through their eyes.
I don't think the economic damage will be as extreme as many predict. In fact, if we manage to retain EU status and leave the UK while the rest go through Brexit, we may actually have much less financial catastrophe than England et al do. Especially given they're going to be governed by a party whose membership - when polled by YouGov about a week or so ago - voted 69% that they would accept "significant damage to the economy" for the UK just to have Brexit happen. Scotland's got a small population, but lots of space and resources. It's become a bit of a cliche, I appreciate, but it's still true that we can look at the Nordic countries for inspiration. There's no way we shouldn't be as capable of being a success as, say, Norway. Even leaving aside the oil factor, Scotland has phenomenal potential for wind and wave power generation. Clean, cheap renewable energy which could be a massive resource for us to push forward. Without the military spending that goes alongside being part of the UK and having no control over that side of the budget, we could invest substantially more in our NHS (already better than England &amp; Wales' NHS), education (which sorely needs investment) and attracting new industry and immigration. I think the future's bright, with the right choices.
He looks like Daniel Bryan's Irish cousin. Which would make Beaker from the Muppets related to Bryan too. New wrestling dynasty in the making right there!
Dunno why you're being downvoted for this; you're right, the corporate control of everything has gone up a notch in all aspects of life, just about. Underbelly are odious pricks, but if they get papped out, some equally shitty identkit events company will be waiting in the wings to shaft us just as much. Unless there's a huge and unexpected seachange culturally, this is going to be our lot for the foreseeable.
The alltheyoungnudes people do life drawing every Tues night at Cabaret Voltaire. I used to go all the time until life got too busy and it's a nice atmosphere.
If you're out for dinner, treating the waiting staff (etc) like human beings; pleasantly, politely, etc. Especially if they get something wrong. I've been on dates where because an order was slightly wrong, my date went ballistic, or was super-rude/condescending. I actually left a date early with a woman several leagues above me, looks-wise, because she went on a rant about "low paid idiots" when a waiter forgot to bring a specific dip she'd ordered.
Ahhhhhhhh, that's what he said! I thought he said "keeps trying to switch to hopeless." I think my hearing is mince as I get older.
Not going to lie, that one baffled me a bit as well!
Which chippy? I'm originally from Glasgow and I used to always get salt, vinegar, and brown sauce on my chips there without anyone batting an eyelid.
That's the only thing I miss about Glasgow (well, that and the lack of Fringe-related disruption). I've lived in Edinburgh for 6 years now, and it's a pain to get back through there for gigs when I've got work.
As a Glaswegian living in Edinburgh, I would say that I found it much easier making friends in Glasgow than Edinburgh. Mainly because so much of the population of Edinburgh is temporary (ie: students or visitors) and so it's ultimately much harder to meet people. I've lived here 6 years and, other than my girlfriend, I've only really made two actual proper friends in that time. It's a hard place to meet people.
That must be an excellently trained/socialised malamute, as their prey drive is immensely strong when it comes to tiny furry things, so kudos to the owner(s) for that. This isn't a criticism of the breed, btw. They're amazing dogs, but they are definitely not for beginner dog owners.
&gt; "Alternatively an anonymous report can be made to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.” Hello, police? I heard some guy planning this. His name sounded like Muffy Plintell.
Edinburgh resident here (albeit originally from Glasgow) and I find the cost of living to be insane here. I currently live where I work (it's a sort of package deal) but I'm trapped working two jobs because I simply can't afford to rent anywhere in the city on my own. The rental costs here are insane. It's a beautiful place during the day though, esp when the sun is out. So much lovely green space (when Underbelly aren't ruining it).
&gt; I even looked at an apartment/flat that in the contract the landlord essentially kicked you out to another place for the Fringe. They actually changed tenancy law to prevent that from being legal because it was such an issue.
We had the "Beast from the East" two Aprils ago, which was a huge unexpected weather front from Russia that ground the whole UK, just about, to a standstill almost overnight. Massive amounts of snow. Before that, the most recent seriously bad snowfall was 2010, so it's not all that common.
The vast majority of chippies are owned/run by Italians, are they not? But yeah, try Eatalias. Their chips are cracking.
Ah, I get you. It does have pizzas and stuff, but it's deffo a "proper" chippy as well, and really good. (Being from Glasgow, all the chippies I grew up around were Italian, might just be a different ratio here!)
At the risk of sounding very stupid, what about for work?
I managed to win the first two races, but for the Titan I had FINALLY managed to just get ahead and, going over the jump at the finish, one of them jumped and sped-up in mid air, smacked into me, sending me flying, while they just went on their merry way unhindered and won, while I dropped to fourth! Definitely a trial where you need to win the first two races. For anyone curious, btw, the Nissan Warrior Concept is a superb truck to use for it. Very tip-resistant, which helps the first two races significantly.
This is how I picture the Cabinet of Curiosities at Unseen University in the Discworld novels now.
I'm normally quite an amiable soul, but yes, absolutely fuck that cowbag. What a despicable bastard of a woman.
I'd love #2 to be Drew and for him to eliminate Brock before #3 even gets in. Would be a huge shock, but also blow the match wide open.
Tyson Fury at #30?
Whatever happened to "intense gothy self-hype in the mirror" Mojo? They just dropped that like a stone all of a sudden, right? I didn't miss some sort of follow-through on it?
I reckon it'll somehow be destroyed without ever being revealed. Someone will crush it, or dump it in the sea, etc. They've sort of painted themselves into a corner otherwise, as there's nothing they can feasibly do that will meet expectations they've built up.
Kite Man (Hell yeah!)
Bizarrely, that I was "secretly Pakistani". I have literally no idea why. Or why that would be something to be hidden.
Memento.
Cookware (pots, pans, etc). Constantly being scalded, filled with boiling water, oil, etc.
If you find out, let me know?
That my life is going to basically be the same between now and my eventual death. I've tried a few times to better myself; gone back to school to try new things three times, but ultimately nothing ever sticks. So now I'm stuck in a shitty office job, earning barely enough to get by, trying to pay off the debts run up by the attempts to better myself and faced with absolutely no prospect of anything good coming along. I'm 38. Let's say for argument sake that I live til I'm 80. The retirement age keeps pushing up, so there's a fair chance it'll be above 80 by the time I get there, so I could feasibly be trapped in this never-ending routine of absolute shit for the rest of my life. It horrifies me.
Not from when I was teaching, but from my own school days. A kid in my year, for a maths exam, had written a bunch of formulas on the inside of a Twix wrapper (as we were allowed to take a bottle of water and a 'single snack' in with us) and had somehow re-sealed it so that it looked like it'd never been opened. I remember thinking it was genius, but he did get caught because he left the wrapper and his empty water bottle on the desk when he left, the idiot!
The Wire Honorable mentions to season 1 of True Detective, Fargo, Battlestar Galactica, The Expanse, and The Sopranos.
I've been saying for years that the comic book series "DMZ" would make for an amazing TV series (thinking HBO-style). The setting was so rich that it would have made for a brilliant "different story every season" series. Apparently an adaptation is now on the cards, although not really following the journalist's story from the comics and instead focusing on the medic. I'm hoping it lives up to the books.
I actually love that the officiant from the Lana/Lashley wedding stuff was tackled by security on entering the ring. In a weird way, it just adds to the whole Jerry Springer clusterfuck insanity of the whole thing.
My husky (who I miss every day) had mastered the ability of putting his head on my leg and gently drooling on me until I gave him a tiny bit of whatever I was having. Derpy as hell, but smart too!
Drummer from The Expanse. Please.
I love my Bip, but I wish they would do a full overhaul of the MiFit software because it's the only thing that really drags it down. I have Notify and Fitness, which is great, but having to have a separate app to do the good stuff sort of reinforces my point, really.
If you're struggling to clean a cookertop, sprinkle some normal salt on top before scrubbing it. The salt acts as an abrasive and will help lift some of the stains more easily.
It does simulated emergencies (like being trapped in a building during a fire) so that people can learn how to get out/lead others out or otherwise act in an emergency situation.
I say bask, ba ba ba bask, ba ba ba bask, ba ba ba ba ba bask in his glo-ry
I'm thinking he's been promoted from rookie Fashion Police patrolman to Couturecide Detective...
Yep. It's a nightmare when you're young, but try doing it as a single 37 year old, too. It just about broke me.
You just have to play it cool.
The fuck are you and what are you doing in my house?
Yeah, I know what you mean. That's really why I said "could have" - if they had handled him better on arrival, he could have been a top, top star for them imo. He had all the tools. Not that he had a bad career in the WWF overall, of course, but you know what I mean, right?
"He's My Brother"
If we're talking purely physical, I'm definitely a butt man. However, if we're removing boobs/butt from the equation, it's the shoulders for me. There's just something about a really delicate, feminine-looking pair of shoulders on a girl.
I only managed to win 2 of the 3 races on Expert (the highest I race on other than the Trial). On the third one (can't remember what it's called, but it's the one with the most stuff you need to plow through during the race) it just hurtled off into the distance and I couldn't get near it. That race was immensely frustrating as all the unavoidable walls and fences were slowing me down with every hit, yet the drivatars were just sailing through without slowing down.
I had fun taking "KITT" out for a run. Gotta love a Trans Am!
Primer
You could argue AirBNB fits this. Originally supposed to be for folk to rent their place out for a week or two while they were on holiday to help offset their costs, or maybe farm out a spare room now and again. Nowadays it seems to basically be a serviced apartments directory for folk who can afford to have multiple properties to rent out all year round.
I never seem to get my udon to come out as nice, texture-wise, as they have it in somewhere like Wagamama and I don't know why. I follow the instructions to the letter. Any tips?
I'll give it a go, thank you!
What's BBK?
What are the next winning Euromillions lottery numbers, please?
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion First time a major publisher unleashed the scourge that is microtransactions on the public with the mind-bogglingly stupid horse armour.
Because they're eating lots of healthy vegetables and protein, while we're eating every bit of delicious processed shit we can find?
Can I have a really good dog instead of a person?
Having a long soak in a hot bath while reading a good book.
Leftover paella from last night. Was good, too!
The Rock
I've not started a new one yet - just finished Killing Commentadore by Haruki Murakami. I'm trying to decide between Hag Seed (Margaret Atwood) or Legend of the Condor Heroes (Jin Yong) as my next one.
I've got a 5:1 setup (although not a super-expensive one) and I feel like I'm constantly having to fiddle with it, movie-to-movie, to get anything approaching a decent balance. The AppleTV, funnily enough, has a "reduce loud sounds" feature that helps slightly, but it doesn't go far enough. It may also be because I'm getting on a bit that my hearing isn't as good as it used to be!
They sticky my crappy weekly seasonal information posts, so they must be around sometimes!
I think there's a sliding scale to the mists. Like the black one is more serious and your opponent has to be "blinded" for a week or something?
Jeff Buckley It would also give his mother a break from unearthing every last half-finished recording she can to release.
Anything by Wes Anderson. Folk cream themselves over his work, which I find to be absolutely style-over-substance for the most part (I've not seen Isle of Dogs, admittedly).
Liz Fraser of the Cocteau Twins
Sigh in relief, I think. Probably tell my loved ones that I love them then sit back and wait for the nightmare that is my life to end.
Ahh, I think I know where you are. Will need to try it sometime!
I would give us renewable teeth (like sharks) and remove toothache as a thing all together. I'd also design us so that pizza and soda were as healthy to us as vegetables and water.
The Assassination of Jessie James by the Greasy Robert Ford
But that's not the answer. I couldn't dial "a number greater than 0" to reach home. That's like saying the answer to a book related question is "made of words". I refuse my death. Refuse it, sir!
Used to know a guy who would take perfectly normal macaroni and cheese, and mix in both brown sauce and ketchup to it, before sprinkling coconut flakes on the top.
I feel like he's been lion to us all about his motives.
It's a UK thing (also known as HP Sauce after one of the biggest brands). I googled what the American equivalent would be, and got this answer: &gt;Oh, and if you want to know what Brown Sauce actually is? It's made of tomatoes, molasses, spices, vinegar and sometimes dates, tastes a little sweet and a little tart, and is not dissimilar to steak sauce that is available in America.
This is why I am (in my own opinion) a pretty good cook, but a terrible baker. All my cooking is intuitive - tasting as I go, adjusting things here and there, and I think I'm quite decent at that. Baking, however. I'm utterly dreadful at following fixed recipes for some reason. It's like my brain just rebels.
I don't know where you live, but in the UK there are some supermarkets (Walmart equivalents, etc) where you can take a pic in on a memory stick and actually print it directly onto the edible paper there and then. It's like a cake version of the little photo kiosks.
Not just the city. It's one of the reasons I hate driving on the M8 (or even the M74) if it's been pissing down. The drainage is virtually non-existent in some sections and you're either aquaplaning all over the place or flooding your engine!
Hahah, no it's one near the Royal Infirmary in Edinburgh. I'm sure it's a scene repeated many times up and down the country, though!
The thing is, trackless trams are close to being a proper thing (I think there's a place in China that's launched them) - so all this digging up roads and laying tracks could end up being obsolete in a few years anyway. I'm all for trackless trams; I think they're a great idea.
Two buses enter, one Audi attempts to overtake both and causes an incident. ;)
X-tuned Mosler. Don't go full pelt, use your brake sparingly to get round the turns, and floor it on the final straight. (I find it much, much easier to get this one going in the direction that ends at the farmhouse.)
&gt;that one 3 axle car from the 2004 movie Thunderbirds I mean, they already have that 6-wheel Merc, so there's precedent!
The problem is that the WWE doesn't really GET how to make a funny face anymore. A top level face should have wit; withering putdowns, quick ripostes, etc, and maybe a hint of goofiness (depending on who they are). Nowadays, though, they seem to think a funny face is someone who is almost always "funny" and doesn't have any nuance.
Probably dying in my sleep, as long as it was peaceful. Other than that, a lottery win. Doesn't even have to be a jackpot (although that would be nice), but enough to let me stop having to work two jobs (I'm basically working 24/7 all the time) and have enough to buy a house and take a full year off from working to repair myself mentally and physically.
I'm almost 40. Since I turned 18, there's only been 4 years of my adult life that I've not been working two jobs (or working and studying). I'm utterly, utterly burned out, but I can't take any time to recover myself because I simply can't afford to. I know I am quite literally working myself into an early grave. I can feel my mind and body beginning to break down in ways it never used to, and I'm scared that I'll never again have the time to enjoy hobbies, or even simply take a breath in peace. I haven't been able to switch off and relax in years. I'd kill for that luxury.
This gives me Luigi Drive By flashbacks from Mario Kart!
They had such brilliant chemistry together. I loved that team.
I noticed this happen on my race as well. Slightly infuriating!
I was in front almost my entire first race, then on an airbourne bit at the end, I landed square on top of the drivatar in second. They jumped forward and my car stopped and reset position. Just like that, I was in 10th place, and we dropped from leading to the drivatars winning. All but one of my teammates immediately quit, and I won the next two races comfortably, with the other player getting 5th and 3rd respectively, and we got the win. Highly satisfying.
&gt;And the AI doesn't cheat here. I won on the first go at it, so this isn't sour grapes, but the AI is definitely cheating in this one. There's been a few instances of them missing the checkpoints and not being reset (someone actually posted video of one missing TWO checkpoints without any penalty): https://www.reddit.com/r/forza/comments/eqfejm/drivatar_misses_2_checkpoints_in_a_row_and_doesnt/
I did it in the BMW as well. It's my go-to for seasonal offroading.
&gt; I swear that every playground game I play, the smart players are always never on my team. I stopped playing them a while ago, but one thing that I noticed was how bad the team weighting often was. Sometimes in my favour and sometimes against, but you would find one team would have 5 drivers with 3+ stars against their name, versus a team with none, or maybe one, all too commonly.
I dunno dude, the video I linked to looks pretty conclusive about it not being lag (I'd think it was lag if they were 'jumping' through space). Did you watch it?
I'd never think of Star Wars as "science fiction" tbh. It's basically just a big adventure story that happens to have spaceships in it. I don't think it's ever made any pretence at scientific accuracy (as opposed to something like, say, Star Trek). Galactica was good science-fiction, although still cut a lot of corners when it needed to. If you want some good science-fiction books to read, and you haven't already, check out the Culture series by Iain M Banks (which funnily enough is going to be an Amazon Prime show at some point as well).
The playpark is decent, and I mean more things like that, rather than tacky stuff like you're saying (I agree with you on that). I really should get out there again when the weather isn't stinking!
Velocidad Maxima would be such a good techno group name.
I still get astonished at how good the graphics are in this game. That bottom screenshot would fool plenty of people into thinking it was a photograph of a real car.
What does Bianca Belair's EST stand for? Wrong answers only.
And also so we could go to the toilet without having to stop what we were otherwise doing!
Tom Haverford from Parks and Recreation. He's a mean-spirited, selfish, narcissistic, charmless arsehole of a man, but somehow gets away with being an utter, utter prick most of the time.
Yeah, it broke my heart when, during a library lesson (ie: taking the kids to the school library to pick a book to read) one wee girl said "My mum and dad said I've not to read books as it's a fucking waste of time." (I was training to be an English Lit teacher, so this kicked me right in the soul.)
As long as you give them proper exercise, and have space for them to exist in (ie: a BIG garden) they're great dogs. Very affectionate, quite mellow once they've been tired out (my first one especially loved nothing more than curling up next to the radiator like some sort of gigantic cat), and often quite hilarious (having an argument with a husky is an experience!). But yeah, if you've got some tiny flat and will be away at work 10 hours a day, a work-bred dog like a husky, collie, etc., is not going to be a good choice for you. Different reasons, right enough - huskies just have super-high energy levels, while something like a collie is just too damn smart and needs genuine stimulation to prevent it going mildly crazed with boredom. It's one of the reasons I don't have a dog at all now, never mind a husky - where I now live is too wee and I'm away at work too much. It'd be cruel to the dog.
I far prefer her to the absolutely arrogant arsehole twins Egwene and Elayne. At least Nynaeve's motives are fairly pure; she wants to heal everyone.
Yeah, the Vita was a cracking little bit of hardware, but they killed it DoA with the overpriced proprietary memory cards. A huge mis-step on their part.
I love how everyone just continues on their journey without stopping, like "oh, another car just went flying over the roundabout and crashed... I wonder what's on the lunch menu in the canteen today?"
Same! Sad to only hear about it now that it's closing!
Bullies putting a noose around my neck and attempting to hang me from a tree in the wee forest behind the school.
Until it's actually cold, at which point it's turned off!
You know the Greens are pro-independence as well, right?
You might be better off approaching the ECA (the Art School which is part of the University) to see if there's anything you could do there. Getting the clearance to do stuff in schools might be trickier.
Sol in good fun, friend!
Well spotted!
"...to shreds, you say?"
It's a sensible post. I say the same to people I hear considering a Malamute as a first-time dog. With the right owner, they're awesome dogs, but if you're not an experienced dog owner, you're going to cause yourself trouble if you start with a mally.
I'm sure he'll come up with a couple more random spin-offs first.
"...to shreds, you say?"
&gt; what's the best way to earn skill score? I only get around 20K per race and it will take forever to hit a million Once you've picked up some skill perk points to spend, use them to unlock the "car mastery" stuff. There will be boosts and bonuses to certain things (for example: "20% extra skill score for wrecking skills" that sort of thing). Then find somewhere in freeroam with lots of space, but - and this is key - lots of destructible stuff as well. Just spend time driving back and forth, smashing through something (fence, little trees, whatever) as frequently as possible and trying to combine this with drifts and air skills, etc. You'll find it'll start to rack up, and if you've unlocked the right perks, it'll help increase things even further.
I just don't do them anymore, generally. But last night I tried one for the hell of it. Started in a team of 4 (with three stock teammates) v a full team of 6 who were all tuned up and a min of three stars each. The matchmaking balancing in this game is laughable. Needless to say we got creamed in the first game and everyone on my team quit instantly in the second!
This makes me think - is it not "accepted" thought that dogs can't look upward? Surely huskies can, given that their necks appear to be made of loosely-associated bits of tape?
Well if the driver of the car filming it is still alive, their laundry bill that day must've been off the scale.
Never Gonna Stop (by Rob Zombie) was always my favourite of his, but I agree, a slew of superb songs.
I'm sure he did it again later - I think when Edge finally speared Reigns, it cut to some stupid crowd shot or something. Goddamn, Dunn!
Bear in mind, too, that this would have been approaching 5am. I hardly ever stay up to watch the PPVs live nowadays because I'm usually working on Monday morning, but I managed to mark out like crazy in my living room for five minutes before crawling to bed.
Absolutely. Even the ones they "love to hate" are still beloved. Look at the crowd pop when Reigns said he was in remission; people were losing their fucking minds. It was beautiful.
My passengers would probably object to the farting, but you might be on to something - their screams would wake up the driver in front!
I think it would have been better received if R-Truth had done it, tbh. He gets in, looks around, looks incredibly confused for a bit, Carmella puts her arm round his shoulder to have a chat... and then throws him out.
Well it's a 3 *now*, but that's probably because I moved out, meaning the whole tone of the place went up a few notches!
Have him rise up through the floor, illuminated in bright lights, like he's going through the Quickening. Maybe have him decapitate a couple of local jobbers on his way to the ring to further sell it.
To be honest, as a Scot, I've heard worse attempts at a Scottish accent by Americans!
Wallace's sword is a beast of a thing - you can see it at the Wallace Monument. It's about the same height as a normal man - 1.68m long. Weighs almost seven pounds. The dude must've been a giant, so naturally when they made a film about him they got a midget Australian to play the part!
I mean, sure, I know Riddle can handle himself in a fight, but if there's one motherfucker I wouldn't be running around calling "scared" it would be Brock fucking Lesnar!
I like the quote, but I agree that it's overused. Hell, if we're looking at chess metaphors, D'Angelo's "The king stay the king" when teaching the hoppers about the game is better (and that whole scene is one of my favourites in the entire show).
The wee dip under the rail bridge coming up to Abbeymount was like a swimming pool. Absolutely crazy.
A tv with a fantastic array of films and tv shows to watch, but the sound is a little out of sync in all of them.
The DMZ comic series could make for an interesting The Last of Us style game.
He has a floating blue unicorn voiced by Patton Oswald following him around?
I can do this thing with my throat that makes it sound like I'm talking underwater. (It also allows for good Chewbacca impersonations - but that part isn't useless!)
People who think a light turning red means "just another two cars please" and speed through.
Listening to my girlfriend's daughter laughing her head off at episodes of Futurama, which I'm watching with her to teach her what good tv is.
Quick save/load please.
It was nice knowing you, friend.
&gt; Why do they need to do that? WWE isn't in the business of keeping couples together, real life or kayfabe. If there's enough reason to, they'll move these people around. Didn't they used to actively separate couples a lot of the time?
What are the four wee circles?
Ah, ok. Thanks. I didn't even see the fifth one until you pointed this out!
The sort of quiet awkwardness of those final moments was pitch-perfect to end the show on. I just sat there afterward for about ten minutes in a sort of contemplative silence. I will really miss this show, and I wish they'd had a bit more time to do everything they wanted to do, rather than having it ended a bit quicker than planned, but overall, it went out strong.
Wasn't there precedent with Greenland/Denmark, where Greenland could have stayed in if they wanted, but decided they wanted to go it alone upon gaining independence?
That was powerful stuff, although I have to say Herb telling Bojack there's nothing on the other side of the door chilled me even more than that.
I always had it as "Fear the RKO" in my head, tbh!
The fact someone who looks like, and has the sheer physical power of, Cesaro loses so often is one of the most unbelievable things in wrestling. Of all the people to pick as "unbelievable" to lose to, Cesaro should be WAY down the list.
Yeah, Joe wasn't the type to piss someone off in the everyday needlessly. Especially someone who was directly working for the lawyer that protected his ass and washed his money clean.
Was it only a one year thing? That sucks. I wish they'd sponsor the whole SPFL and de-sponsor everyone's kits.
Or Series 7: The Contenders, if you can find it. It came out roughly the same time as BR, but is more of a "reality show" low budget style approach. It's brilliant though.
Luke Cage had the same problem that all the Marvel Netflix shows had; the contract insisted on a 13-ep season each time, and so everything was stretched out and there was too much filler. The first half of Luke Cage S1 was breathtakingly good, but when they pivoted to the "new focus" midway through (I'm trying not to spoiler it), it lost the best thing about the show and suffered for it.
&gt; Though I still hate the Last Jedi, it's not as colossal a shit show as the last movie in this trilogy.. I actually prefered RoS to LJ, simply because it just went all-in on trying to course correct by being as "STAR WARS!!!!" as it possibly could, so I was able to switch off a bit and just enjoy the spectacle. The Last Jedi was a criminal waste of Mark Hamill.
I like Inception until it turns into a James Bond movie. But ultimately it's a poor relation to Paprika, which does the same idea so much better. Interstellar was the only Nolan film I've not seen more than once (other than Dunkirk, which doesn't interest me in the slightest).
In that case, I'll recommend you another one. There's a Korean film called "Asura: City of Madness" If you want some sheer violent lunacy to delight you in a beer-buzz, get right on that. It's one of the most mental films I've ever seen (in a good way) and makes Oldboy look like a young adult movie in places!
Thank you - I can't believe they geoblocked the original on Twitter.
&gt; it buys their impartiality That's going well, clearly! ;)
Surely the bold Orange Cassidy should be on that list too?
You may enjoy /r/Pareidolia/
There are some good foreign language shows out there. Check out one called Spiral from France. It's very good. Pretty much The Wire: Paris
I just hope they hold off on pulling the trigger until there are actual crowds. I think this would play so much more effectively with a sea of boos ringing round an arena. (I'll forever be sad that the Brodie Lee and Matt Hardy reveals were in empty arenas. They'd have blown the roof off.)
Random thought of the day; can you imagine how much of a killer Asuka could have looked if she'd been in Lucha Underground?
I think Lashley has been ok in the current story, but in a weird way the lack of a crowd actually helps him, because you don't "hear" the lack of reaction he normally gets. I feel so bad for Drew at the moment tho - I mean he's being booked well and getting to run with it and everything, but he's not had that super-pop that he could and should have gotten from a capacity crowd.
I've never even heard of this guy and I'm blocked by him. WTF?
The games are quite varied - I've just finished Jedi: Fallen Order which looked lovely using my 1070 in 1440p. I have a 4K tv that I use as my monitor, but I know 4k gaming is too much for the 1070 (at high settings anyway). At the moment, GTA V, of all things, is sluggish as heck even on 1440p, but I don't know if that's simply because it's a bad port or what. Looking ahead; Cyberpunk is my main "dying to play this" game, but I also really like Cities Skylines, and I know that's an insanely resource-hungry game at the best of times. Ideally I'd like to future-proof as much as possible for at least a couple of years before I upgrade the CPU again, and it'd be nice to feel I could game at 4k relatively comfortably for a while if possible.
Think the 2080ti is a good chunk above my budget, sadly. Even a 2080 Super would be stretching it a bit for now, hence the thoughts about the 2070 Super!
Any tips for how to make frozen veg not taste "gritty" or "powdery" when you use it? I've never yet managed to, for instance, use it in a stir fry and have it taste even close to how fresh veg does.
I wonder when things will eventually reach their natural conclusion and we'll have GTA: Skyrim available on everything from the ZX Spectrum to the Summit Supercomputer.
Even as a Celtic fan, I'd agree with that. Morelos is a weird one too; did he even score a goal since Dubai? Also, Lewis Ferguson shoukd be in there, imo.
Fluffy's a maniac, but he/she does make a good point about their refusal to show their books in any transparent sort of manner.
Captain America seems the obvious answer. He's the moral core of the Avengers. But I'm going to throw a suggestion into the mix - how about Hulk? Now hear me out on this! Pre-Endgame Hulk has no ambition, or need for power, or desire to control people, or even any great drive to do good. He mainly just wants to be left the hell alone. The ring has nothing to take hold of, and there's no layers of him to corrupt; he's pretty much as close to a 'pure' ID as you can get, and as such has a simple cause and effect process to him. You give it to Hulk, you tell him "people will keep bugging you until you squish puny ring into the lava in that mountain" and a few big leaps later, he'd be smashing the Witch King into a wall with one hand while chucking the ring into the fires of Mount Dhoom with the other.
I think folk with a childhood like Vince's commonly go to either extreme - they either avoid kids like the plague, or go absolutely all-out to ensure kids are happy around them. So it wouldn't surprise me if he went out of his way to make sure kids were enjoying themselves. I bet his grandkids were spoiled to an almost ridiculous degree, too.
Thank you. It's been roughly 3 weeks for me, so was just wondering what to expect.
Him and Drew worked very well together (other than that single botch on the outside, which looked like it came from over-enthusiasm as much as anything). I don't know if it was just that I was exhausted by that point, but I really struggled to get into Edge v Orton and actually gave up on it at the 20 minute mark to go to sleep. Need to try and catch the rest at some point.
&gt;The council say a 3.5 meter running lane will always be maintained, with no waiting allowed in this lane. At the risk of sounding dim, what does this actually mean?
Uninstalling it is a nightmare of horrors that even Lovecraft would have said "Oh, come on!" about.
It was such a stupid name anyway, I can't imagine anyone will be too disappointed.
They're good people. Fine people. Etc. Sigh.
&gt; Brie says if they have a girl they are going with “Branch” this time, and Buddy for a boy. The most confusing thing about this is that they have actually thought "Branch" can only be a girl's name...
&gt; Marsupial: a mammal born with a fanny pack How can this not be a sidebar quote instantly?
Nah, I'm the same. I love the guy, and marked out as much as anyone for the surprise return, but I'd much much rather the Rumble was used to build new, younger stars. Someone of Edge's stature doesn't need it at this point.
Me neither, that's terrible! I love that little shop!
That's beautiful, but in about four hours in my home there would be one hell of an amount of dust inside it!
He's handling this amazingly, but I think it's a little unfair of people to immediately tweet at him the second something breaks demanding comment. Surely he's entitled to a little time to actually absorb the horrors coming out before he speaks? (I'm not in any way shape or form saying he shouldn't speak out about them, I'm just saying that he might be feeling a bit under bombardment at the moment from well-meaning people.)
I always find it hilarious how obvious every shaving ad features a clean shaven dude wearing foam that he gently wipes off with his fake razor to show how well the product supposedly shaves. And here's me chipping away ineffectually at my stubble like a sculptor with a balsa-wood chisel.
No-one will ever beat Mr Presbo for that for me. :)
Your list needs more Bird. And probably Cheese, too.
TBH, it was cheaper to just get the sponsored one and wash it twice. The Carling patch would just come right off. Instant sponsorless!
Yes, a fair point. Should have made that distinction!
https://www.edinburgh.gov.uk/parking-permits/apply-residents-priority-parking-permit/1 &gt;Electronic permits We are unable to print and post residents' permits. Electronic permits will be used for the time being. Parking attendants will identify permit holders by searching for your vehicle’s registration on their hand-held computers. So hopefully you should be ok!
What would you guys have done if the league had started up again, given that the Ibrox pitch started being dug up almost immediately after lockdown? I guess if there's no fans, you could play just about anywhere, but what was the thinking behind that?
Get him into the Fast &amp; Furious franchise as the Swiss Supercar Stealer. It'd be a tiny counter towards the horrors of 2020 so far.
Yeah, but if we'd started back earlier than expected it would have put you in a predicament!
Fair enough :)
Feels like more of a Killie shade than a Rangers one, imo.
Ah ok, great - I keep hearing "Ryzen needs faster RAM" but didn't want to splash out on it if my current sticks weren't going to be bottlenecking too much. Thanks! :)
I think it's a visceral thing for me; the messy eating in particular makes me feel really uncomfortable, and he just acts like a bit of a dick to keep himself in his own comfortable little bubble most of the time. (This isn't to say he's not a good character, he's just a dislikeable one for me.)
I've been dying to find that video again. Highlight, for me, is the firemen proudly walking AWAY from a fire. Having lived in Dunfermline for 5 years, I'd say that captures the Fife Feeling perfectly.
I can't be the only one here, surely, who was waiting for her to leap back out at the end and yell something, right?
Peyton losing it for real at the "YOU'VE BEEN READING MY WIKIPEDIA PAGE HAVEN'T YOU?!?" is adorable as hell.
I'd love to see someone start a mumsnet - K-Pop online war. Could be some classic viewing to be had!
There's a "Deerdykes Roundabout" in Cumbernauld, which our Modern Studies teacher used to refer to as "Expensive Lesbians Roundabout" to the hilarious response of absolutely no-one but himself.
It's a common sight now to see loads of trees with these bags hanging from their branches when I go for a walk. It's truly infuriating.
I empathise. I can't stand ketchup, mayonnaise, or tea.
I live above a student accommodation, so this is my world 24/7 tbh. It's always absolutely boiling in my flat, and the students never fail to be noisy at any time of day or night. 100% sympathise with you.
Ex Machina is up there too. And Primer, of course.
It's Nolan's latest "I really want to do James Bond" film, like how Inception went Bond about halfway through and never really recovered from it. It'll be entertaining, sure, but it'll be another in a line of "it had potential to be much more" from him.
Primer was ok for me after a couple of viewings. Upstream Color, on the other hand (Carruth's other film) - now that broke my brain!
Of course it's my opinion. I wouldn't presume to speak for anyone else. I've been a fan of Nolan's since Memento (and if you ever get a chance to check out Following, his first film, do so), but I've been a little disappointed in everything since the second half of Inception onward. The Dark Knight Rises was undercut by a needless twist that negated a huge chunk of the film (by regressing Bane to a sidekick rather than a genuine match), Interstellar was good but over-long, and Dunkirk was technically fantastic, but otherwise fairly dull (although again, my opinion - I've never really liked WW2 films all that much). But the whole point of this place is to share and discuss opinions, and if you loved all those films then I'm more than happy for you.
Oh, I totally get that. But it was still quite smartly done and didn't patronise or hand-hold the audience all that much, imo. It was just a well crafted and well acted film that felt intelligent compared to something like, say, Alien Covenant.
Sadly, there are already some Rangers fans on Twitter who are saying they won't support players taking a knee, etc, because - I shit you not - it means they'll be "pandering" to the Green Brigade. Complete madness.
CoD for me. I just love Paul's arc across the original trilogy.
Imagine he'd gotten the opportunity Namond had?
I don't see that the same though. Bunny took on Namond because he genuinely saw something he liked in the kid and bonded with him. Carver tried to take Randy on purely out of guilt, and I don't think it would have had a positive outcome (even though I still wish he'd been successful) because I don't think he was ready for that sort of responsibility.
Aren't evil toys main antagonists in the films? The Prospector and Lotso, for instance. I imagine someone like Sid, growing to be an adult, has the potential to psychologically twist a few toys to be poison-delivering assassins.
Your gold away last season was minted, though.
Try a program called RGB Fusion. It fixed my 1070's issues.
Hahah! It's in a student accommodation, so presumably no-one is left to fill the things!
I think the quieter streets will be a huge factor. Lockdown has probably emboldened them a bit.
You end up with a neat plastic frame in one hand, and a still fully-sealed ready meal in the other. It's maddening!
I'll go for: Davie Hay (just hard as nails) Roy Aitken Johan Mjallby (for sheer intimidation factor)
Wait, he did what??
