Yeah, I did zero sims during my studying. Funny enough I scored much better on the sims than the MCQs.
Yeah we should switch, but its not up to us, so we'll continue using whats commonly used on products here.
okay
Ahh gotcha.
Irrelevant. Solar Panels contain carcinogens but they aren't being vaporized and put in the air.
He said its law in his state, it doesn't have to be in writing.
I didnt tho
Which market
Rip off, just rent an apartment/ airbnb for a month.
Oh, not in Utica, no; it’s an Albany expression.
Exactly, should I even try or not bother?
Cuz I'm bulking and weigh too much, and don't want to injure myself.
Whats it like being unable to grasp the simplest of concepts?
I had good luck with Craig Frames on Amazon for large size poster frames. No guarantee they'll have that size but I bought some large size frames that I thought were pretty oddly sized.
all wsr listing are on apartments.com for free
So many shitty breweries near me, I get the impression nobody will take kindly to criticism since they clearly know more about brewing than me, their taste buds must also be better. To be fair the dude wasn't being constructive, but just answer the question, at least he'll come back when you have new stuff on tap.
I paid like $120 for 3 frames, 2 of them 20x30 and 1 bigger one. It makes a lot more sense to buy multiple due to the shipping costs which is a flat fee. But yeah, that size is huge and odd, might be hard to find.
I think the whole thing is a ploy to fire Sessions so Mueller can ultimately be fired. Trump can look good and say woah woah, I said I would be lenient on weed!
Trump constantly lies, all his actions have been anti-weed.
&gt;What has he lied about? How I know someone is a member of the cult.
I have no interest in changing your views by using my time to point out easy-to-research facts.
Because Trump told him to. And yeah I have no proof.
"I'm an accountant." They'll ask some tax related questions. "I don't do taxes" Oh.
Fine to try obviously, I just think you'll get some initial momentum and it'll soon die out. Seems to happen a lot with specialty subs with only a few hundred users.
That would just be for hydration
That is blossoms and not nearly enough
"I'm an accountant!" Alternatively "I examine the financial statements of public and private companies, and, on a test basis, using stastical sampling methods, test account balances..." They usually start looking for someone else to talk to at that point.
How long have you studied climate science?
It matters cuz you're full of shit. That stupid article you keep posting means absolutely nothing.
lol you sound like a stable genius, keep it up bud
Exaggeration for comedic effect
Ur mums not cool mate
U'r*
Its cool, it wasn't even that funny
The FBI can't do anything to Trump unless he is impeached. There will be no consequences for lying under oath just as their haven't been for his flunkies (i.e. sessions and kush).
free blowies? ayyy
You sure they won't rent to you? I thought they just charged a fee if you're under 25.
I'm assuming they have contracts, or else you could just run off with the car. What happens if someone without insurance tbones you in your own car? Hardly much of a difference.
No they don't. Charter schools have worse graduation rates on average.
No actually, it doesn't imply that
I call it Huck Finning
Very fan!
God damn it, I knew i had it wrong, and I don't actually call it that
Nobody here said day game doesn't work, just that most "game" as preached by TRP is sexist and kindof dumb. Nothing wrong with approaching women if you're able to take a hint and leave them alone when they're not interested. But you say yourself you've had no luck with day game, so why are you even bringing it up in that context? I don't quite understand your question for that reason. The single best way to meet women, imo, is to expand your social circle by being valuable to your friends. Be there for them, invite them to parties, host parties, get people together, encourage them to invite others. You'll be repaid the same, but its a lot of work. Also, you probably shouldn't hit on your friends girlfriends at all, nobody likes that.
TRP is wrong about a lot, but get in shape, its a huge game changer and it will absolutely increase your success if you're 40 lbs overweight.
We get it, you're into asphyxiation. Just be careful.
No, it isn't
Also why is NASA judging their workout program
Prices are coming down. I saw a rec shop in so cal charging $100 an ounce recently.
At rec shops?
trump will fix this
That is annoying for sure.
Many people die on the backbone every year. Not worth the risk IMO if you aren't experienced.
Are you in the bay area? Had a friend working at a company that did that.
I am because its incredibly annoying, people constantly post this kind of "insight" as if they have something wise to say about TRP.
I thought I was clever posting that in there
Just America? Literally all jobs are for paychecks, nobody wants to help your lazy ass out of the goodness of their heart.
ancient cultural appropriation, not cool
Like the guy with a 105 IQ is gonna work at Big 4...COMEON
fuck off, racist
Who tf is gonna list all that, just call the one you want to go to
Who do you think these abcds are hiring? Illegal Hispanics for the most part.
Yeah its so easy to pick up your family and move to another country. What a stupid question.
I'm a leftist and I think much of the division of the Dems is being exploited by the russian government and their agents. You can support transparency and government oversight while still recognizing threats to the country. But yes, they do take it overboard with the russia-shill accusations. Often times US government transparency is a positive development for adversaries of the US.
Huh? Calling the races you hate dumb, "behaviorally or mentally" different, is like, exactly how racists operate. Blacks are dumb and predisposed to crime, mexicans are lazy, etc etc.... When you refer to santa ana, the only majority Mexican city in the area, and say they "have a different mindset," yes, its racism.
but useless bickering is what made you famous!
Definitely, even if its just taxes
Aah, the "no u" comeback. Very effective
beautiful
This is like 5 years old...
Your severe autism? We know.
Who wouldn't want to live with such a nice man like yourself?
Glad you were able to find your way out of the abuse. He sounds like a complete dumbass.
Good point
Check out the conservative sub discussions...
Butt plug? Needlessly sexual. Its called squat plug and its entirely different.
What the fuck did you just say about me, you little bitch? Etc. etc. /u/diptardo please beat this guy up for me.
Asked to death
Redpillers are generally abusive idiots, thats how.
There is something called a "search". I recommend using it when you have redundant questions that have surely been asked before instead of asking to be spoon fed everything.
Jesus chris man ... Cry more
Umm they indicted 3 people...the targets are high level gov. Officials. Thats catching, not fishing. Of course its going to take a while to get to the top.
When you look for crimes people tried to cover up, you actually find them! And what? They're all related to Russia in some way. -Flynn charged with lying to FBI about a conversation with Sergey Kislyak to delay a vote in the UN security council. Comey also said Trump instructed him to drop the investigation into Flynn. Attempted coverup. -Papa D - charged with lying to the FBI about a conversation he had with supposed Russian agents. After the Russian agents told Georgie they had Hillarys emails, he tried to set up a meeting with the Russians and the Trump team. -Manafort - charged with money laundering, conspiracy, tax fraud and failure to disclose his lobbying in the U.S. on behalf of foreign governments (guess which foreign government that was, could it be Russia? Yes. Yes its Russia). -Gates - Conspiracy, money laundering, failure to register as a foreign agent (again, Russia, such a weird coincidence). Manafort and Gates pled not guilty to all their charges. Papadopolis and Flynn pled guilty to the sole crime of lying to the FBI, in a plea deal with the special prosecutor.
Plus, nobody said that about him
Lol no they didn't. Who were you talking to? They must have been clueless. Doping in pro cycling was an open secret for decades. Of course people were ostracized for speaking out publicly. Because everyone was doing it and they didnt want the open secret to become proven.
Hence "open" secret. Everyone knew, of course the pros aren't going to acknowledge it publicly.
Betchu i coulda thrown a football over them mountains
Thats diabetes bro
Oh, u rite, i read too quickly. You should replace all your teeth with diamonds
&gt;I was on a shoot with work once what does that mean
But we're accountants
Why would they go to shoots?
Hang it outside in the shade for a few days
What? No apparent reason? CHIP funding, DACA bill, and no-wall are the reasons. Also not sure its fair to say Dems shut down the government, when R's have enough senators to keep it open. They got CHIP funded in this go-around and are forcing debate on immigration. Thus, there is one less bargaining chip for the Republicans. If anything they are in a better position on Feb 8 than they were before the shutdown.
Something something Klytoris
Whataboutism. We can criticize both things.
Of course hes a redpiller too
MY WILKS JUST DOUBLED!!!
That UrbanPrimalist dude is on a PORLAD diet...pound of raw liver a day. Bison liver, free range. He seems to like it but he is very strange.
I first downvoted cuz I thought someone was trying to be funny. Then I clicked and upvoted.
When I say literal, I mean literal
Those vinyl water holders. They pop too easily.
This is a large 2-5 gallon thing with spigot. Thick vinyl like a pool floaty.
I'm not referring to either of those things.
Not a fan of the pan
You're so smart, maybe you should talk to the 4 trump team members who have been indicted, or the FBI who is investigating Trump and his team. I'm sure they'd be very interested to know your opinion about the dossier. Of course you brought up Clinton, you guys just cannot stop thinking about her.
Stop talking about clinton, you sound obsessed
Did you forget you asked this question, not me?
Oh look, someone still whining about Obama a year later. And Trump's critics are the "hysterical" ones? Benghazi was investigated for years with nothing to show for it. That's what an actual witch hunt looks like. When you arrest 4 senior staffers in your investigation, that is not a witch hunt.
I think it has more to do with the internet/social media. Both the availability of information on hikes which increases accessibility plus the desire to craft a social media image with cool outdoorsy photos. If anything, I'd expect people doing something like this "challenge" would be more prepared...at least they're ramping up and theoretically getting experience on each hike, rather than diving into devils backbone in the snow after hiking los leones once.
You shoulda asked for a raise out of it...
I hope "return to the justice system" means what I want it to mean.
Human rights violation IMO
Use care in what you're doing. Taking an extra minute to do something (say, cutting an onion), can make a huge difference.
Yeah they are absurdly expensive ($3-$5 per!!) and only OK. Better off at Randy's which are 1.50ish and delicious.
Have you been to DC in the summer?
ASAP
They're nothing alike
Good to know, I'm on the west side. The only acceptable donuts here is the Randy's in the century city mall and DK donuts on Santa Monica in Santa Monica. I will not eat other donuts at this point, unless compelled by others reviews. In short, I'm going to donut man before hiking Baldy tomorrow.
Never been to the original but I'm pretty sure they truck 'em over every morning (no kitchen in the mall location).
K
Nobody said that...its just the most commonly burned on the beach so ita likely.
Dude just dont.
Well duh. They still want to leave, but can't because jobs are there.
In short, federal government.
It really isn't all that conservative. Most of the time tats look like shit.
Notes for next time: solo it
Think of it another way. If you have a partner who is going to shame you/dump you for feeling things, is that really a person you could see yourself with long-term? TRP focuses so much on gaining the upper hand in the relationship, everything becomes transaction to them. Its an incredibly sad way to live your life. If you GF was the type to dump you for talking about this, just imagine what the future would hold for you. Doesn't look pretty.
Youre dumb. She literally told him to
Thats because the infrastructure isn't there, and thats why we need to build it. This includes dedicated bike lanes strategically placed to allow for people to effectively commute by bike, in addition to lots of public transportation to supplement the biking. Just throwing a bike lane in Boyle Heights is a good start but won't do much if the surrounding neighborhoods aren't making any changes.
Wow good one...
I'm not sure, I read it here at one point.
You'll have to go vote in person. Chances are you'll get a provisional ballot since you don't have your mail-in ballot (which you normally have to surrender to get a normal ballot).
Why would they do that
I guess it depends a bit, if you're applying for an audit internship, having done audit class and beginning/intermediate accounting would be helpful. Realistically though at that level its mostly personality. After graduation, not really helpful.
So, everyone in this sub
So you shouldn't have trouble giving me 1 example
Wait wat
yup
Views of what
Its probably a good idea to take it, you should consider asking your current Company if they'd be OK with you taking a 1 month leave to do the internship.
What are you doing at your current firm?
Nobody said unpaid. Most accounting internships pay pretty well.
Why do you assume its "good" experience?
I figured you were doing something unrelated (i.e. bookkeeping). Why would you leave? You're already getting experience. An internship in tax isn't going to teach you much more than you're learning now.
Man, its just 2 weeks, just relax and do what the doc said (i.e. don't exercise if he said not to). Highly doubtful low test is going to result in you having to stop cycling for good. Plus, you get to get on legal roids and I'm sure your performance will pick up afterwards. Your volume does not seem particularly high/abnormal.
Could be a combination of things too (for example, poor diet plus training) rather than just the training alone. See what your tests show and when in doubt, its probably a good idea to find a sports-specific doc who has more experience dealing with fitness and nutrition.
You want Congress governing. Not very libertarian. Stop pretending to care about their salaries. They're so inconsequential to government spending that you even bringing it up makes me think youre totally uninformed.
Oh dude that isn't enough fat at all. Good call on the peanut butter and eggs. Get avocados and nuts too.
Probably even more awesome
I would recommend cutting it off right after they go to seed, otherwise you'll have hundreds of the seeds dropped on your lawn.
Buzzfeed has been pretty legit lately!
ACAB
I hate sand
Nope
Good idea broseph, I'm cheap and prefer to just premix spices into a small plastic container
San Diegans are obsessed with hating LA, its funny
In a lot of places oaks are protected.
The city dynamics in CA are ridiculous. SD and SF really hate LA, and they circlejerk about it all the time. SF also hates on "socal" in general. But, everyone likes SD as a city, but LA and SF don't like how conservative it is comparatively. Everyone complains about LA traffic but SD can be just as bad. LA likes both SD and SF. Ultimately the cities are more similar than they are different. The rivalries are dumb. At least LA and SD can agree OC sucks.
No but I like 80085
They are being super dramatic about it but it is a bit weird...
Whatd you say?
How big do you want? I have the same saddle and I've been able to put a cheapo bell bag on the back (smallish) and a larger jandd handlebar bag (albiet awkwardly attached). Would be cool to have something that attached to the 2 rails and the third crossbar.
God damn thats a lot of gear, whatcha got in there?
The Elder is pretty commonly available. Any specialty beer/liquor store is likely to have it.
no
I dont think it will work. Mine nearly died and now I have it under a small piece of cling wrap
Is there sanitizer in the water too?
Tempeh is delicious, as is meat.
Who cares
Could be useful at northern latitudes where its bright all night.
I actually thought you were just posting an alt right sub. Misread the link
Ah, I thought the bit of foam was sanitizer .
Never heard of tikka masala using cream, thats weird. Always full fat yogurt. Nonfat will ruin it.
The problem is things posing as other things.
They live in water
I mean, you're more right (not to mention other pollutants), but I'd imagine thats her reasoning.
Bird dropped a rat right next to me and my friends. We put it in our other friends mailbox.
Nice. Whats your fav from it?
Time to bulk
Ok then don't complain about not getting results. That advice is usually when someone is complaining they cant get in shape because they are soo busy. Thats the solution to that problem. If you dont have that problem or cant make the gym a priority it would be a pointless question to ask.
Fuck you. It has not been going on since Obama liar.
There have been more real rape allegations, yet you don't want to believe? You're just a misogynist, just admit it.
Cops don't even enforce traffic rules! Its absolutely ridiculous.
And Fox news tells no truths. Alternative: Trump is actually outrageous and deserving of outrage titles. T_D poster by the way. Epitome of know-nothing deplorables.
Lol not even fucking close
Yes they do liar
Fucking idiot
Fuck the racists. They can die with the capitalists for all I care
Lol they didn't even say that. Not even close. Youre a bad liar
Its pretty obvious what it means to non retards. But seriously. Are you legitimately retarded? Its okay if you are bro.
Says the guy with nothing better to do than defend his nonexistant honor from strangers online. Lol pathetic.
Tarded. Got it
Theyre not humans. Subhuman at best.
Post ass then kill yourself
Lol good joke
You get your "facts" straight from your dear leader's lying face.
&gt;The less fortunate have no business in Beverly Hills. Lol you deserve your depression if you honestly think that. Rich people fucking suck.
HAHAHA PROVE IT
Not really fair to look at prices in 1 600 unit building. To be successful there needs to be tens of thousands of units. $2500 a month new studios draw out people from older apartments thereby reducing demand for the older apartments. Nobody said new housing coming online was just going to magically be cheap.
No
But DC has a ton of tourists.
http://pugsandiego.com/index.php
I would not support a designated parking area. They should be able to be left anywhere, people just need to be more considerate.
Wormwood doesnt do anything
If you change your politics or stop being an environmentalist because a protester made you late you're a fucking idiot or never cared in the first place. Interrupting people is the only productive method of protest, otherwise you're just ignored as you stand to the side.
Eh, sometimes protest/awareness is worth it. Same stupid argument people made about al gore taking a plane places.
This event individually, no. Sustained effort can definitely cause a change. People were annoyed as hell over highway protests but they've done a ton to bring awareness to BLM and police brutality. People were annoyed with OWS but I credit them with paving the way for a socialist (Bernie) to be so successful in the dem primary. I'm sure MLK annoyed some people as well. Its gonna happen. Whether or not this specific protest was a good idea is kindof irrelevant to me--its an important issue, people are going to be passionate about it, and I don't want to do anything to discourage protest and civic engagement, even if we think its stupid.
Not what I said
that was terrible
Homeless?
Front wheel brakes make up ~75% of the breaking force.
Literally same with cars. Cars litter up a huge amount of space and nobody (almost) complains about their parking. Its just such a silly inconsequential thing that people just bitch about because they're new.
Oh please, Mr. Dingles
Spoiler: They won't have the means to pay such a bill.
HAHA undeserved?
You're inhumane. Terrible argument. Daddy work for ice?
I think plenty are real but anything with a completely unrealistic price is probably take. Say anything over a thousand.
Call the bank
Too much tailwind!? Impossible. You shoulda sailed that baddie.
Why do I keep killing this thing??
No. For the single person one. Large ones are 600-1200
Because they're gross for furniture
Bullshit supply is still low
Are you sure that wasn't the surprise?
Guess you gotta make one
Hell yes
If you have to ask to you shouldn't go by yourself
Uhh, nobody says that about hiking it really. Its easy to die on baldy in the snow, inexperienced and experienced people do every year.
I'm going to vote my ideals in the primary and vote Dem in the general.
Why are these people so stupid
Cops NEVER enforce traffic laws in los angeles, except speeding and parking. A law is good and all but it does little when nobody is enforcing.
India pale pilsner india pale kolsch india pale porter india pale stout
The dry hopped pilsners barely taste hoppy to me though, maybe I haven't had a good one. I'm really into the IPLs and rice-heavy IPAs. Give me that dry dry beer.
They're so ugly and look to be shit was quality and barely mcm
Soy is a bean you fuckin idiot, you don't chug it
There are 2 things I disagree with--that its ethically wrong to eat animals and that veganism is necessarily healthier than a meat based diet. All their other points are entirely legit.
What does that mean?
Why do they want super-polluting 30 year old cars?
To eat? No
That's not why your government has that rule
Hello fellow CPA. The P is for pinko.
You'll have to decide that line for yourself, determined by what you need to survive and be happy while minimizing your impact on the earth where possible while living a realistic life.
Yeah like the freeway for instance. Nobody was making the argument that every corner has to be turned bike friendly.
Debatable
Damn you have a weak understanding of communist theory. Exploiting others is wrong, you're as bad as a capitalist if you practice it.
Lol weakboi can't take responsibility for his own decisions
Reaping what you sow seems fitting
T_D poster doesn't think a racist is racist. What a surprise.
Yep, glad you understand
Its sooo hard to click a button! You're the same
so fuckin what
wtf are you talking about? Nobody said anything about trump
TheN legiTimATELy CONTeST tHe facts. go AhEAD. PEoplE HAve TrIED For DecAdEs.
It IT IMPOsSibLe TO AccEpT thAt I SimpLy wAnt tO upseT yoU anD thAt TheRe iS A CLEar, QUICk, eaSy ROuTE? NigGEr niggEr NIgGEr. i lOvE HoW muCh yOu HatE tHat WorD.
Nope. A full bike tuneup costs 100-200. People may do it cheaper to be nice but not on a wal mart bike, they have really shitty parts which make them hard to work on.
lol you are pathetic
Yeah but you ARE a moron, at least he was right about that
I never said I spoke for them? Are you under the assumption the mods here want to help you simply because they run this subreddit? You're delusional. You can wait until nobody here responds, or you can go do it yourself within your price range. I actually gave you solid advice on how to fix you're problem and you're whining about it.
Hahaha. I'm not a liberal, I'm a leftist.
Hahah I'm not even talking to you whiner
Drive better asshole
Its brutiful
It's all I ever wanted
She probably thinks you are a weirdo for opening up to her since you just met and didnt know how to respond/was trying to be nice? Are you going to continue going?
ban this dumbass
You're the racist fuck here
why are you here
40% of tech workers
Where is the email signup? Nothing says 20% coupon.
Oh wait, yes I am
"Cake"
Dehydration or allergic reaction to your pillow or something you're eating?
Wow I'm so impressed, nobody in LA has a 3 series bmw
That's a big fuckin difference youre downplaying
I mean, I'm a socialist. You can see my profile clearly. All 10 years of history.
Jesus you're a dumbass
Uh, i comment every week... You on the other hand have posts in T_D
Prove it, Trumper. Making embarrassing arguments to make liberals look bad.
Can't prove you're not a trumper trying to make critics look bad. Tsk tsk
I don't even understand what you're trying to say. It IS hilarious that you're so triggered by trump that you're willing to think any criticism of your own shortcomings is a defense of Trump. You need to learn reading comprehension.
I prefer a 1L platypus bag, seems others use a smartwater bottle.
Uh that guy is just an idiot
What the fuck, no it isn't. One involved actual children getting hurt and one is cartoon drawings of kids.
Oh no, a random dude online thinks im a trumper. What will i do!?
T R I G G E R E D
How weak are you
He says hes 10?
Nou
Re read wikipedia
That part is fine, that's what they're supposed to do.
Oh, hes a bot alright
No, we'll elect him at YOUR peril.
Start collecting old AR, get promoted
Pasteurizing eggs is very easy
Just give away to a thrift store, let them decide what they can sell and what is trash.
Work fucking sucks, do you even have a job?
This is so san diego
They're gonna have a dumpster anyway, is this somehow in addition to that garbage collection fee and dumpster rental?
glacier national park
150+ years ago before the start of the industrial revolution
Bolsonaro go on NASA
Crazy, yeah I used to dumpster dive in the thrift store dumpster, they threw away a lot of stuff I assumed they'd be able to sell. Found a sweet Rush t shirt tho.
Steadicam?
Damn I should have done this. Camping in the park was a shitshow. Did you need to get dispersed camping permits to do this?
I was wrong
What about orange mask man?
Wat. Also who cares
Why are you posting this. See a therapist
Not sure how this is related to the sub but post the content dude!
Lol you guys are so stupid
Schools out!
Red means on fire!!!
Amen
Uh yeah dude all those illegals grows are using way more pesticides
What? Your load (hehe) is the definition of value. Being stolen by those with the capital
The point is to upset you. The better way is you getting the superintendant and school board to agree to teachers demands. They are not your slaves.
"Nomad tents", not actual nomads. So yes you're right.
Wrong, I can and will not do that
well its a stationwagon...
I'm transcendent
That's the whole purpose of that car.
His peenor not that large
That device is more wasteful than wasting some toothpaste.
What basics?
No it's just useless info
Leftovers of an entire hamburger?
His restaurant in NYC sucks too
Went back 10 months to make another useless point, nice work detective
Oh good they're pre sterilizing
Gross dude
Dudleya pulverulenta
Doesnt look that dumb, its just a stylus for the iPad right?
[House Beer](https://housebeer.us/) made in Venice Beach. Not super local but I don't think there are others in SD.
Too late, big money us already in the game
Partying is alcoholism now? You're a dumbass
Wow I feel so old, the 90s were 76 years ago!!
But a lot of it is just trash
So mad dude, so fuckin angery!!!!!
No dude like wrappers used condoms shit...literal trash
2 rolls last 6 months!?
^ thinks trump is a moderate and is not arguing in good faith. He gave you the source in the comment.
Seems fine to me, having them available to anyone is a positive.
too bad, be glad they're not taking the Mao route
Because its 2 miles away?
Weed in LA
Could try, not much activity in general
You asked the question dumbass. Shoulda gone to poison control first
Get over it, your friend did something really stupid.
I fancy a swim
That doesnt sound like a good thing
Yeah so? That's a good thing for people and society
Yeah it does actually. Taxing the rich is a food thing. Fitting tag for a selfish person
You went to public school on someone else's dime. Asshole
No green space is not green space. Its primarily nonnative grass which does little for the ecosystem
Lol you think its envy but it's really just hate
Where are you?
God no
Lol
No actually it wouldn't, government action is the only way to make it work. Source: its never happened
Defintely dont disagree there.
The vast majority can't, not just boomers
Bullshit most aren't slaveowners but even today they'd support slavery
You cant ruin someone's career because they cheated..
Did you even read what I posted? No employer is going to fire an employee because they cheated on their spouse.
Nobody is going to fire someone for cheating on their spouse. What are you talking about
you sound stupid
It can be enjoyable and keep spirits up. But judge away
Lurk more before posting this shit
And all the moss is preserved, entirely terrible terrarium
No, people should do some cursory research instead of just wantonly killing plants.
Nobody is going to be turned away from a hobby because someone was a dick to them online. This shit gets posted nonstop and it's the same convo every time.
Helpless
Typical instathot pose
Ok then dont project your addictions on everyone else, it comes off as moralizing and annoying
my point still stands, not everyone abuses alcohol
thats just not fuckin true
Oh kindof how Israel destroyed Palestine?
Sick camo, why'd you let the dick in lycra stand in front of you?
Its undercooked
Nerd
How many girls have you banged dude
Why are you continuing to read redpill if you can't even get laid
What's even the point of this question??
Now do standing. Hint, it's actually not much better than sitting
Now do the $s and comparison...
Yeah so
Cut the fucking propaganda posts
Why?
Always is, throw some goats on that patch!
You can try but its not going to be profitable unless you build a big plant. Even assuming you could build the thing and the interconnection, you have to deal with a heavily regulated industry and somehow get an interconnection agreement and PPA with a utility. Which in reality, they would never sign with you unless you were providing a massive amount of power and had a real company set up. Plus in these agreements you generally have to guarantee a certain amount of power output and end up paying large amounts if you don't meet that output. Also the only way its profitable is if you can take advantage of the fed tax credits. Also, maybe you're super rich but betting you couldn't afford the equipment unless you took out a loan or found an investor.
Uh thats not a pyramid scheme, thats just the structure of every single for-profit company.
Yes if you didn't know it was stolen, you're not going to get in trouble and will have to give the bike back. Police may spend the effort.
Yeah I've cooked on cast iron, it works great, but i just don't like how finicky it is. With CS I can use less oil and if i have to wash it its less of a hassle to re-season.
Why even care if red pill is bad or not if it doesn't even work for its intended purpose?
Uh why
Bikrowave in venice will sell it cheaply and use funds to support the volunteer bike shop. Needs to be in decent condition though.
Really depends. If its a shitty bike to begin with and not in great condition they're not going to bother fixing it up.
There is not law, but a contractual fiduciary duty to do whats best for shareholders. The actual goal can change for many reasons, and profitability is only part of the equation.
yikes
I store various intoxicating liquids in mine: weed tinctures, simple syrup, mint tincture/extract, i'll make mixed drinks in them and bring them places with the kombucha label still on it so it looks legit for drinking in public. The huge ones though...not too sure.
Fuck they stole cowshare.com which I totally failed to use
Holy shit its happening
It's fake anyway
Ah, I feel like surlys look smaller than they actually are. Headtube length is compacted compared to other steel bikes.
If anything he's gonna wait until the general election season. Doubt it though.
I'm talking about this guys comment not the article
I was thinking poly not wool
You know how bad cotton is for the environment?
Water enhancer??
Less maintenance, arguably better presentation
Not really true
She's been compromised by Russia to split the dem party #resist
Uhh lol
Stop traffic...
No
removed as nofap bullshit
Actually no it's common everywhere and pretty safe. How would you stop traffic
He's the retard yet you don't know how to Google? Ok
You should trust polls but don't trust those that interpret their meaning
Mm no hes been polling consistently ahead of bernie for a year. Ignoring this fact is a terrible idea.
uh
If that means less shit, syringes, and trash to pick up, fine.
Of course I support shelters, and I support massive public funding of homeless housing and treatment as well as overhaul of our mental health system that leaves the insane and addicted out in the streets. What I don't support is the tent city and bike chop shop across the street from my apartment, creating a public health hazard digging through our trashcans and making a huge mess nightly, shooting up and dropping syringes in our garbage bay that I have to pick up, and shitting in our parking bay, which I also have to clean up. I want them gone, yes. And they do generate all that trash and have no regard for actually using trash cans and dumpsters that are widely avaiable.
yup only republicans don't want homeless trashing their streets and parks
Typically use old farmland
Lol what
May be blasphemous but not everything should be spicy!
adult friend finder!? are you kidding?
Because trp didn't invent any if those ideas...they just took old self help info and added a veneer of misogyny and social awkwardness
You ever get laid? You think alphas complain about bullies when their feelings get hurt?
Shut up
I created this sub...Getting laid is not "toxic masculinity" and you're ridiculous. You couldn't even recognize why I was asking the question. Stop posting here.
ok go create your own sub. This sub is not to combat toxic masculinity how ever any over-sensitive ninny decides to define it. It is to combat TRP's lies. If you had any ability to infer, you'd see i was asking him whether or not he gets laid to prove a point about TRP, not to shame him for not getting laid. He never responded so i didn't continue the thought, the vast majority of people coming here thinking TRP is the answer never even get sex, which ends up proving to them that TRP is useless.
This sub is not to debate redpill, there are already several places for that. We are heavily moderated.
Pathetic
How do you find it locally?
Yes
Nobody wants to get that stoned dude
2.5? Can people feel that?
Too much edible just sucks
Apparently you can eat poison oak leaves too. Not that you should...
The vast majority of people spend most of their adult life in one place...
Are you talking from a tax perspective?
Thanks!
Woah
Got any cum?
I caught an injured one and took him home, we haev a nice cage but i let him fly around during the day, and he'd come back to eat at night and get locked up. Eventually he left like a month later. So long pidgie
lol
He linked!
Any idea who built and developed? I'm sure they financed it too, but yes, vppa.
Why would it be painted?
There are some people who claim you can build an immunity to the topical effects by eating small quantities over time.
Sticks? What a waste of space. Just melt the butter directly into the bear can.
Where did you buy the strap? I am going to make one with neoprene, kinda like a mini laptop sleeve with belt strap so it doesnt jostle around.
Its just on your head, not whole body
I walked up on a protest and just stood on the street corner to participate. I saw a sign on the same side after like 20 minutes that started "all lives..." and was thinking oh shit I'm on the counterprotesters side.
If you want full shoes, a pair of size 12s are 8.5 ounces. Rubber sole is pretty tough. Dry quickly and good for walking through water. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07KTLVLHF
Seeds...?
50!? Carrying a cast iron skillet in there?
&gt;of course, all degrees are basically worthless and the only thing that truly matters is the connections you have Absolutely untrue.
Son, you're too stupid to decide for yourself so need a strong authority figure in your life
you might be really dumb bro, not much we can do for that
who cares? theres a radical subgroup of every ideology who is crazy
loll
Micro plastics. Bad move
The rubber can be colorized. There are many colors. Comes that way.
Which ones?
I just spent 500 on a seek outside bag lol. Thanks tho!
Wayyyyyy less than will die of Corona! Around 1000 to date for shootings and 122,000 from Corona this year.
Oof
Lol yeah the conspiracy is that the feds or police dumped them in poor neighborhoods for black and brown kids to set off so the narrative becomes "they're just blowing off lockdown steam". The conspiracy goes that its designed to stoke racial animosity btwn locals and gentrifiers, result in cops being needed for calls, and to get us used to the sound of munitions. This wouldn't be the first time the USG did something like this but...seems far fetched and without any evidence except speculation.
It happens every year and I'm not setting off fireworks...Thats just a fact, do you dispute it? its definitely worse this year.
Just realize 99.9% of humanity has never heard of this dumbshit stuff and it works out fine for most of them. The losers that resort to trp suck at getting laid, hence the interest in it. Why would you take advice form a ideology for pathetic men?
Mask up, punch him in the face
Bioterrorism imo
yeah brilliant man, not eating animals it the same as being a nazi. You are really really smart, thank you for that brilliant take.
you're obsessed, like i said, enjoy that and your shit food. and no, im not vegan
There exists something called soap and water I can use to wash my hands, genuis.
I am not arguing, I am elaborating on what argument i believe could be made in a courtroom reasonably.
Makes sense, I didn't say it was reasonable to go to court or easy, i believe a case could be made though
How do you come to own that?
Damn, thats not half bad for that much space.
You have to censor. They brigade this sub constantly, it would just be overrun with them if I didn't ban them all.
How? he was a total niceguy asshole
Its not a fucking fee for service, its called a family.
3rd st is just an outdoor mall with shitty chain restaurants. gaslamp would be way more fun.
At 40lbs total weight it seems the Exos is typically not recommended.
Look around, there are budget versions. Downside is theyre not great for lakes, only streams/rivers.
I'm just trying to make myself feel better for spending $500 on a seek outside bag.
No snow?
How big of an idiot do you have to be to do shit like this nowadays??
Road beers only
Not exactly what you are looking for but Kahana Farnsworth has a couple amazing books on edible native plants of the southwest US. One is Going to Seed and can't remember the other's name, but its more of a cookbook. Books can be hard to come by/expensive at times.
Deferred income tax is created via book tax differences and would not be affected by a simple tax payable accrual. Def. tax assets and liabilities will only be found on Corp books. For example: accelerated depreciation for tax purposes as compared to SL for GAAP, would create a book tax difference resulting in a deferred tax liability (tax took the write-off earlier than GAAP can, causing a liability).
He's Jewish so we're ok
Yep, wavestorm. Greater board for the price.
sold?
You should cook all tortillas. Tastes way better.
Next year is my year man, I worked 100 hour weeks this busy season, no way they don't promote me this year.
