Ever wonder why "firefighters" always happen to be around wherever there's a fire? Yeah, pretty suspicious. I wonder what they're *really* doing, but I won't actually speculate and instead leave it as an implication.
Ethically bankrupt. Pretty transparent grab for fame by the scientist and probably manipulated donors.
I have a bone to pick with the title of the paper, as its wording is technically incorrect and misleading, but this is one awesome, extensive paper with really cool techniques and findings. They outline a role for particle morphology heterogeneity (pleomorphy) itself having a benefit and tease this out to some degree with some very impressive microscopy and experimental design.
&gt;I never knew that so many of the viral particles had no RNP inside - as shown here by the abundance of NP minus viruses I would take that with a grain of salt. I haven't completely teased apart their methods yet, but my concerns are wee don't know how many of these RNP- viruses are due to incomplete labeling (if I'm interpreting Figure S4 correctly NP staining is the least efficient of the three main stains) and, in particular for the pleomorphic group, are fragments of larger particles. With the former, we've seen (qualitatively, and subject to bias) rather efficient NP packaging by TEM of particles during or after budding. They relate their reassortment ratio (higher NP-) to full WSN background (lower NP-) which could simply vary based on packaging efficiency (incompatible or reduced packaging efficiency between reassortment M1/M2) or also morphology, which is what they state as the major difference. Filaments are known to only contain one (or no) set of RNPs, and so all of their excess material will be devoid of NP, potentially increasing this RNP- count through their fragmentation. &gt;It's clear from the results that some forms of the virus escape better from cells than others in the presence of inhibitors, but not being genotypically encoded, it is unlikely to a selectable escape mechanism (as opposed to mutation of the NA gene). This experiment is interesting because it looks like *both* pictures are altered in the presence of NA inhibitors. There's an enrichment of filaments on the cell surface, sure, but there also seems to simply be less of them attached regardless. The apparent stochastic nature of the pleomorphy is interesting, and perhaps advantageous, just because we know of *non-pleomorphic* strains (such as the background strain they use) which can assemble spherical/ellipsoidal particles at almost perfect efficiency. Everything clinically isolated can make pleomorphic particles, yet lab passaging can make uniform spherical/ellipsoidal particles (which is why I disagree with the title's wording). &gt;Also interesting is the change in form associated with temperature (upper resp tract vs lower). I wonder if this is observed between H5N1 infections of human (cool) or avian (hot) hosts? There are TEM of H7N9 and H5N1 that do show filamentous virus particles and therefore pleomorphy. This implies that pleomorphy is something present or at least possible in an avian background. The 2009 pandemic H1N1 parental reassortment strains were, individually *not* filamentous--but their reassortment into the pandemic H1N1 *is*. Something is going on there...but we don't know what. It's pretty cool that this changes as a function of temperature and whether this change varies by how avian or not, that is quite interesting. Thanks for stopping by.
Also depending on the affinity of the toxin for substrate it could simply have a stronger on rate for the toxin target than the antibody does to the toxin, meaning it might not even stop its activity when bound.
&gt; the term sexual assault has been expanded so much in the last 5 years or so that it now includes staring or saying hello to someone. No it hasn't. &gt;That’s progressive insanity. Yes, that is an example of insanity. It's fiction, but still insanity.
Damn. Who would have thought that public health agencies would recommend health interventions that benefit the public?
You can only get rabies if your dog has rabies. Is your dog alive? Yes? Then he doesn't have rabies and you're fine. Take a deep breath and relax. Enjoy a tall glass of water to spite the virus.
We get ours replaced every two weeks, and the occasional fill up before that time. It's probably about 1.75m tall and I can shake it to see how much is in it. Couldn't tell you exactly how much it holds, but I was shocked how inexpensive it was and actually wondered how much they could possibly profit off of it. The liquid oxygen point probably explains the situation quite well. That and it seems one of their main sources of revenue is in 'renting' the storage equipment of the gas you're buying and not just in buying the gas itself.
Colds very, very rarely give adults fever. Everything you describe fits influenza.
&gt;it doesnt just click on at 14 days. if he caught the virus days before the 2 week mark that still leaves a week and a half of supposed built up immunity that youre completely disregarding. Nobody is disregarding that. &gt; what most likely happened was his bodys defenses were at a low while dealing with a flu strain that he would never have contracted allowing the strain he got to take hold unimpeded. had he never got the shot he never would have got sick Nope.
&gt; its effectiveness is negligible, even the CDC admits that. [Nope.](https://www.cdc.gov/flu/professionals/vaccination/effectiveness-studies.htm) So either that's a lie on your part or you really dropped the ball on this one. They literally yell every season for people to get the shot. &gt;You have no clue what you're talking about You're not batting a good average right now. I think you might want to self-reflect on that.
&gt; or that the CDC admits the vaccine was only effective for 1.7 out of 10 people? That part, please. &gt;you can get the CDC stuff right from their website Please do.
You already bought it every year for your entire life. Whether you grab the product you bought is another story. An interesting philosophical point to make, but not sure the relevance for this particular discussion.
/r/technicallythetruth
&gt;&gt;Nobody is disregarding that.
&gt;.34 out of 10 people is not barely to you? That's not a rate of efficacy, so, no, it doesn't qualify.
&gt; so then what does "you got sick because 2 weeks werent up yet" mean if it doesnt mean the flu shot only starts working after 2 weeks Means it's not working to *full* effect. What about this are you having trouble grasping? Is it the numbers, like in the other comment?
&gt; it absolutely does Er, not for vaccine efficacy. You calculated a rough estimate on the number of people who got the vaccine and prevented a flu infection...but you didn't determine the rate at which flu infections are prevented by the vaccine.
&gt;I did, even did it for you. Rather incorrectly. &gt;You really have no excuse at this point other than refusing to admit you were wrong. Hm, don't think so. &gt;Dont feel bad though, most people dont take the time to figure this stuff out. I should not feel bad...because most people figure this out right away? I guess we'll just add this to the pile of failures alongside botched math and epidemiology.
&gt;I didn't have to. The CDC did it for me. 5.3 million That is not a rate. A rate is a measure of one quantity or unit against another. You are doing great, but will need one other number to make a rate. Do you feel weird using CDC numbers sometimes, but not other times when inconvenient to your narrative?
Intellectual honesty doesn't matter to you?
Apparently nobody is reading the article. What is happening is that NY is currently in the midst of a measles outbreak due to an unvaccinated individual who was exposed when leaving the US and subsequently brought it into the country. As is typical, unvaccinated children (of any kind--medical, religious, etc.) are banned from coming to school during this period. This is of course for their own protection and the protection of all other kids. **Once the outbreak subsides this ban will be lifted; it is explicitly an emergent circumstance ban**: &gt;&gt;AMID A MEASLES outbreak, New York City health officials are banning unvaccinated children from attending schools in some Brooklyn zip codes. &gt;&gt;As of Wednesday, there had been 39 cases of confirmed measles in Orthodox Jewish communities in Brooklyn since October, the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said. The child with the first confirmed case of the virus was unvaccinated and had contracted measles while on a trip to Israel. Additional unvaccinated children in the area also traveled to Israel and contracted measles while abroad. Israel is currently facing an outbreak of the disease. &gt;&gt;... "Students cannot return to school until they are appropriately vaccinated, or until the outbreak is declared over, even if they have an approved religious or medical exemption to measles immunization," the letter states. &gt;&gt;Children already sick with the measles must stay home from daycare and school until five days after the onset of the measles rash.
Oh that's a big deal. Usually if it's a cold or something minor I wouldn't worry but mono? I wouldn't get a vaccine until completely well again. It's literally an infection of your B cells, the ones that are making antibodies.
&gt; where weeds grow stronger as they become immune to the herbicide No, they just become resistant. RU resistant weeds are just normal weeds with resistance. Saying they're stronger implies they're more problematic than a normal, untreated weed. &gt;That's how natural selection works and, unless you disagree with Darwin Darwin simply outlined the idea of natural selection being a key driver in a broad process he termed evolution. He never described the *mechanism* of fitness diversity, for instance, and simply left it at the idea that it is the most fit that survive, not the 'strongest' or 'fastest' or even 'most intelligent'. &gt;Monsanto has to tweak GMO crops to resist the stronger herbicides that will become necessary to kill these super weeds They don't have to. Besides, there are organic crops that are herbicide resistant. This isn't something they've cornered the market on as a concept or even a particular method of execution. &gt;This creates an ever stronger negative feedback loop Negative feedback, by definition, does not loop. It is a self-terminating cycle. You're thinking of positive feedback, except that would not get stronger in this particular case. The selection pressure for survival against herbicides is one aspect of pest management to consider, and resistance doesn't make the allure of new GE crops stronger. It's quite laborious and expensive to get them to market, so the easiest solution economically is smart resistance management practices. &gt;This is good for Monsanto as farmers will become ever more dependent on Monsanto's products. No, because that just makes weeds as problematic as they are without herbicides. They are either dependent on Monsanto to get resistant crops, or the weeds are resistant and the crops Monsanto has patented are now useless...voila, they are now *not* dependent on Monsanto. What you're saying has a nice emotional flow, but really doesn't make sense. &gt;Good for the shareholders. Shareholders lose money if resistance cuts into product sales. Farmers don't buy products with planned obsolescence. &gt;Do you believe creating super weeds is good for farmers and the environment as a whole? No, but you might as well be arguing against antibiotic use because that leads to 'super bugs'. So let's follow that--nobody should do anything that causes possible antibiotic resistance and therefore 'super bugs'. OK, then we don't use antibiotics and, what, *every* bacteria is now just as bad as a 'super bug'? Doesn't have a nice ring to it.
Just grab the vaccine while you go out the door for your trip. The 2 week timeframe is when you reach 'max' effect. It's still risk reduction even if not done optimally.
Shills these days love to have on-the-nose names so that they can more effectively infiltrate and subvert the normies.
Where do these mention glyphosate? Glyphosate can *sometimes* be lumped in as an organophosphate, but more often is called a phosphonate. It's not cholinergic, so it won't have any of the neurotoxicity you've been talking about. It shares very little commonalities with organophosphates, for instance has very mild toxicity. These studies from the mid 70's are not referencing glyphosate. If you can actually quote any of these papers referencing glyphosate that'd actually support your words which, as far as I can tell, are the only ones linking glyphosate to these pilots crashing. For instance: &gt;&gt;Commercial pesticide sprayers and farmers recently exposed to organophosphate agents were compared to control subjects on personality tests, a structured interview, and cholinesterase level...The commercial sprayers but not the exposed farmers showed elevated levels of anxiety and lower plasma cholinesterase than control subjects To be clear, I'm not saying this isn't real...but glyphosate is not cholinergic like some true organophosphates. These authors, like all the rest I'm sure, are not referring to glyphosate. Nobody would mistake glyphosate for being cholinergic.
What a dumbass, and I'd be amazed if this effect is permanent.
&gt; It's not that they have genetic diversity then American whites, it's that most black people are not pure "African" but actually have a good amount of European ancestry. Though the former is also the case, which of course doesn't help the situation.
My god he actually used a CMV promoter? Where is the construct diagram for this nightmare experiment?
Neither did this Justin guy (to both design or know everything about).
Yeah, my advice to him is to promptly shut up, disappear from the public eye, and eat as much pizza as is worth it, hoping the biggest fallout is weight gain.
&gt;Warning from a pro-vaxxer: "flu shot paralyzed me" Doubt it.
How do you use Masstagger? I downloaded the extension, just not sure how to get it to start tagging the subs I'd like.
Mm, I'd probably call them more a vaccine-phobic who is hedging their bets. Is it great? No. Can you convince them to actually do things right? YMMV, considering they, by definition, don't really view this as anything other than a 'black box' of sorts. Ninja edit, at the very least the kid is getting *some* vaccines, but I would not be sympathethic towards someone who I knew personally and could give 'tough love', if that makes sense.
Certain live viruses can be shed, yes, but remember this is the *vaccine* virus, not anything normally pathogenic. The idea that a vaccinated individual can shed a virus to produce the original disease is propaganda.
I don't see any reason for you to feel silly :)
Even if you replace the head space you need to remove oxygen within the water of your media. Use a vacuum to repeatedly purge gas and replace it with nitrogen, for instance.
Different virus, still herpes though.
Uh oh, now they know the secret.
No, they're just enablers. Read the first paragraph again.
&gt;Why isn't any ire directed to them? Who says there isn't? Is this *really* the only issue you have with the comment? Because it sounds like you're objecting to the wording without any substantial reason and are now trying to ret-con a justification. &gt;But gun stores are more directly linked than the NRA. That sounds a lot like you are agreeing the NRA is on the hook. Quite the confusing wording you've chosen if that's the case.
&gt;I'm just saying that is is near specious reasoning to blame the NRA so much for a kid killing himself and/or others. Why? Where's the fallacy? &gt;That said, the leadership of the NRA are traitorous fuckbags for a lot of reasons and only tangentially so with that kid. So for there to be no connection, you must think that the NRA is not a propaganda outlet that lobbies for legislation favorable to gun sales as their be-all-end-all. You just said they are literal traitors (we're on the same page here), but we now need to add on that extra layer of complexity and say that their corruption *only* extends to supporting GOP via Russian connection. We must also establish it does not also extend to lobby for laws to be as pro-gun as possible. Do you genuinely think that?
1. ~~Lymphocyte (e.g. B or T cell). Identified by large nucleus to cytoplasm ratio (nucleus is purple with this stain).~~ Close, but it's actually a plasma cell, a specific type of effector B cell after differentiation. Also a lymphocyte, but more specific. 2. IgM; all others arise from isotype class-switching, but IgM is the first. 3. The wording on this one is a bit weird, but I would go with D as the most correct: Toll-like receptors. 4. Had to look it up, but I think IL-7. 5. A, redundancy? Could also be synergism or additive depending on criteria which the question is ambiguous about. 6. ~~CD44? Might be notch.~~ Notch it is! Anyone else want to add to this?
So normally you'd say that 'synergism' is when you have effect A and effect B combine to make something more than the mere 'sum' of A and B, i.e. some type of multiplicative increase. 'Additive' is when it is the mere 'sum' of A and B. The question doesn't really refer to an increase in effect...so I guess 'redundancy'? Pleiotropy and transmembrane alteration are right out.
Poorly worded question since I guess it could be all three depending on the bottom line.
Ooo, you're right on #1. It's literally the stock image on Wikipedia for a plasma cell. Weird wording since they are also lymphocytes. I'll change that along with #5. What's M1?
You don't understand how vaccines work, do you?
Colds are caused by hundreds of different viruses. Having 'a cold' is having a specific disease with numerous causes. Having 'the flu' is a specific respiratory disease only caused by influenza viruses.
Without prior immunity it usually runs about 7 days with peak symptoms and shedding at day 4. It tapes off after that...so about a day or two when your symptoms are all gone. The rule of thumb that gets stated is after your fever is gone, but this isn't necessarily that accurate but encapsulates the idea that when you're symptom free you will shortly there after not be contagious. Just don't bring any of the clothes you had when you were sick in contact with your mother until you've washed them.
US normally doesn't have MSc built into a PhD at all. Might be highly field dependent, but in biology I've never even heard of it. You can go straight from undergrad to a PhD program in a span of two months. In Europe [getting MSc before PhD] is the only track available from my talks with European colleagues. /u/monsterfurby Edit for clarity.
Who is your employer?
How the hell is this legal?
Oh he's a liar now, is he?
That's just asking him to dox himself. Or is that not a real word I can use? Should just ask for the editor (of an actual academic journal) confirmation email for a paper submission.
To flesh this out a bit, there are more nuances to the 'nature and nurture' dichotomy. For one, you can have environmental susceptibility affected by genetics. That is to say, some individuals can be more sensitive to particular environmental factors (genetic) that they may or may not encounter at the relevant doses to manifest harm (environmental), and that this threshold is genetically driven. For ASD, as you might expect given the 'spectrum' of the disorder(s) and the complex behavior it affects, there are many, many different ways genetics can influence susceptibility. Some of those undoubtedly include environmental susceptibility. None have been shown to be vaccines (as a large umbrella term for the medical intervention) or their particular ingredients at relevant doses. There are many vaccines with no ingredient overlap (except excipients) and of course no law of nature preventing particular ingredients to be pulled and replaced with other, more favorable ingredients. No matter how you slice it you cannot be diametrically opposed to vaccines except through specious reasoning and an excellent view of ones own colon.
&gt; I don't understand bashing people who are skeptical of GMO. &gt; &gt; Because they are universally opposed to current GMOs which are not bad. They are also universally ignorant of the topic, sometimes entirely so up to and including even normal agricultural techniques. &gt;The argument shouldn't be framed as 'GMO Bad vs. GMO Good' because the issue is not that simple. It really is. GMO is a technology. Is the technology inherently bad? No? Then, great, stop being a Luddite and let the regulatory process go about its business as normal. As if any of the ridiculous, hyperbolic scenarios you describe would make it to a regulatory agency. If those are your example, it underscores how little your opposition to the technology actually is considering you couldn't come up with realistic examples that are 'bad'.
&gt;To be fair, even ignoring GMO, many modern agricultural techniques are incredibly destructive, wasteful and shortsighted. This seems unrelated to what I was talking about. How does this relate to our conversation? &gt;Technology in never absolutely good or bad. What we do with it is good or bad. ...so anyone diametrically opposed to GMO, the technology, *should* be 'bashed' by that logic, right? &gt;The regulatory process time and time again has proven insufficient. They used to literally hose children down with DDT in the streets. The regulatory process is based on current knowledge. Your DDT example is impossible today due to the success of the regulatory process. And, in any case, this has nothing to do whatsoever with GE technology. &gt;You mean the ones that have been nearly entirely captured by corporate interests? Again, this has nothing to do with GE. This is standard anti-GE nonsense that seeks to oppose the technology through tangential jabs. &gt;I don't know much about pesticides, but I do know that there are absolutely GMOs that excrete pesticides. Nope. There are plants that produce the organic approved insecticide, Bt, in their roots. But this is not 'excreted' into the soil. You seem to be mixing pesticide application to a field and GE crops, when in reality the GE crop in this case has less non-specific activity since it is explicitly, by design, *not* released haphazardly into the soil. &gt;That seems pretty scary to me. Perhaps if it was real, yes. &gt;Maybe my fear is unfounded, by until the FDA is actually working for the people instead of Monsanto and Conagra, I maintain my skepticism. ...to Bt? Or of GE crops? Or of GE crops that can produce Bt in their roots? This just harkens back to my original comment--fear and opposition to GE crops and the technology is always rooted in ignorance of the technology or, as in this particular case, fear of something that isn't even real. &gt;I am not sure if there are GMO sterile corn or soy beans, but these getting loose in the wild could be very, very, bad and I know that Monsanto would be very interested in a GMO soy bean that could not reproduce. There are none that are sterile by design currently on the market. Their production was actively killed by anti-GE opposition to the technology termed 'terminator seeds' despite the fact that, as you mention, it would entirely eliminate cross-contamination and rogue environmental contamination concerns. This loops back, again, to the point about ignorance. Why exactly would that be very, very bad, and which GE traits are you concerned about escaping in the wild? &gt;So maybe you should consider stopping worshiping 'science' funded by companies that have been proven to not have the best interests of the planet in mind and regulatory agencies staffed by the people they are supposed to regulate. A trite and roundabout way to try to strike a philosophical compromise that doesn't need to exist. GE crops on the market are safe and not an environmental concern. This is fact. That's really all there is to it. If you have concerns about one being unsafe or a danger, go ahead and say so. You can't hand wave and try to paint support or non-opposition to current GE crops as being "corporate/science worship" unless you want to point out specific failures of the regulatory system that led to their inappropriate release into the market. So far nothing you've brought up has been anything of substance, and most have been either a non-extant hypothetical or attempts to make this into some kind of a political team sport rather than a frank discussion about the specifics of the technology. That deserves to get 'bashed' as you put it originally. This is /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM at its finest, albeit not on the normal topic.
&gt; because obviously no new technology has ever had any adverse effects non-specific to GE &gt;and the government is totally capable of regulating companies effectively non-specific to GE If you have anything substantial to bring to the table, go ahead. Not even sure why I bothered respond to such a pointless, sarcastic comment in any serious manner.
That looks like a bad western. Honestly pretty impressive
Once you can get a federally enforced non-GMO label, manufacturers will hopefully stop paying non-GMO project any mind. Consumers hardly know the difference anyway and two would just be superfluous.
It's interesting the article above mentions some cohorts of manufacturers saying this would undercut "public expectation" of what this type of label should constitute. I'm not exactly sure what change of the current (practical) BE label they're thinking is weak, but I wonder if this is just hollow posturing or a signal they would continue to seek out third-party labeling. Ninja: I would imagine the opposite but perhaps the call of Gaia is strong enough that some companies would continue to use these third-party labels despite what appears to be a reasonable GMO/GE/BE labeling standard. I suppose we'll see once the rubber meets the road and you have the cheaper BE compliance next to non-GMO project or some such.
Cough lingers a long while after flu. If it's been 7 days, you're probably not contagious anymore. The reason is pretty interesting, and one reason why you should probably pick up something to break up the mucus. Mucus is used to stop and slow pathogens from reaching the underlying tissue that makes contact with the air. You breathe over 10,000 liters of air every day. That's a *lot* of crap you sample. Mucus is a barrier that helps sop up much of that. It's transported and kept moving--almost flowing--mostly to your stomach, but also to your nose. Flu destroys the cells capable of producing and transporting this mucus. This leaves a jam which can allow bacteria to thrive, leading to secondary bacterial pneumonia. Take some guaifenesin (name brand mucinex) to help break it up, and stay hydrated to keep it moving.
Unfortunately no dietary changes will aid in clearing a viral infection (anti-viral properties). The virus doesn't care, and your body doesn't need vinegar to fight back.
No. They infect humans. No humans--no virus. Viruses are not some creature. They are utterly the product of the cells they infect. Sick cells make viruses; viruses don't make viruses. Bacteria makes bacteria, but a virus is not a bacterium. The cold and flu are caused by viruses. If I'm interpreting your tone correctly, you win!
Normally season peaks in January/February meaning you haven't yet seen the peak. In bad seasons it peaks earlier, like December. This isn't a bad year, it seems.
&gt; Honestly, as a member of the military, if Mattis wanted to march on Washington a la Caeser, he probably could. &gt; &gt; Now, or in a normal administration? This is a really interesting view into another world I don't normally have.
&gt;However I remembered reading an article about possible connection between acetaminophen and neurological changes in infants. I think you should just calm down an bit. There are literally thousands and thousands of papers. Entire fields move as new research comes in and is replicated. But this?There's no primary data at all. This is literally the authors *proposing* a hypothesis--no testing whatsoever. This is the furthest thing from 'proof' except an idea that hasn't even been had yet. **Do not consider this whatsoever in how you deal with or treat your infant. It is academic spitball.** &gt;It has made me apprehensive to use the prophylactic. It should not. Do not worry about it. &gt;However he was born a preemie and a fever is apparently especially bad for him. Consider this: you know what's bad for infants? Not "hey maybe this thing might be going on and contributing to a disease we know has strong genetic ties, we should test this eventually" but "this is literally, actually bad and we know it *right now*"? Fevers. Remember that rather than a paper which hasn't been replicated. Not because it's new...but because there's no data to replicate at all. &gt;Is there anyone with experience debunking this study? Nothing to debunk. And we shouldn't ask "debunk this study" we should ask "is this true". The attitude "this might be an uncomfortable truth, so dispense with it" is not good. Fortunately, there isn't anything in this study to consider debunking. Nothing has been established in it.
That's doubly comforting. Thanks for the chat.
At least it's dated *with the year*.
If it's by one group then it's not replicated. I'll take a look regardless, but that's not something you should be adjusting care over. In your position I would be following my own advice. Edit: read the response to that paper here. Having glanced at the paper, the size also was something I noticed. https://doi.org/10.1177%2F1362361308101816
Huh, interesting. Can't say I've seen that before, but, yeah, not the worst!
We didn't know influenza was caused by a virus until 1933 when it was first isolated. Before then it was unknown. During the 1918 pandemic it was eventually assumed to be a bacterial pathogen which was named Haemophilus influenzae due to its incorrectly assumed role as the causative agent of the disease.
I wouldn't agree with this. CRISPR has a lot of versatility that ZFNs simply don't have.
&gt; Except for the mRNA stuff, that stuff doesn't really matter much when it comes to whether the companies can develop profitable therapies in a relatively short timeframe of 5-10 years. &gt; &gt; Yeah I don't really know anything about the financial side of things. &gt;I was not aware that you could target mRNAs with CRISPR. Do you have any articles or preferably reviews on it you could recommend? [Here](https://elifesciences.org/articles/32724) is what I was thinking, but there are other Cas proteins that can do it. As far as review papers, not sure, but [this](https://doi.org/10.1038/nmeth.4681) is a short commentary on [this](https://doi.org./10.1016/j.cell.2018.02.033) paper. Edit: If you are paywalled and don't have a way around that, let me know.
Oh yeah, it's super new. Not so much something to look for with RNA editing, but mRNA therapeutics, I've heard, are going to absolutely rock Big Pharma to the core. And academia apparently is waaay out of the loop on this one. It overlaps with CRISPR because if you can simply get mRNA therapeutics online then you can simply deliver that rather than entire protein complexes like Cas9 or ZFNs. It's the stop-gap until CRISPR generation genetherapy comes online--simply deliver the mRNA for the correct protein or even a biologic rather than make the stuff. NAs are a lot easier to make and manipulate. Really cool stuff coming around the bend. &gt;Awesome username BTW. Thanks!
I'm not really sure where or when it got the name. It could have originally been more umbrella than it became. But by 1918 at least it referred to the infectious disease we know it as today, just far less understood.
It does. Hormesis sounds like bullshit from the 1800s. Certainly doesn't apply to arsenic.
Without stats or other qualifiers this is a meaningless statement on your part.
Some biological systems have biphasic responses to certain factors, yes. There is no rule or greater principle that this must be the case.
... No, the fact that it can be described as 'hormetic' is by chance. The biochemistry involved happens to be biphasic. There's no principle or rule it has to. Hormesis doesn't "apply" ever because it isn't prescriptive, just descriptive. Get it the second time?
The second shot won't make things worse, but they could mean it would give less of a boost than if you hadn't had the first shot. The word choice here can be really misleading depending on how you run with it, but if you find the source please ping me.
Bummer. Well we can't say we didn't try to get ya to understand. Sometimes just doesn't work out.
What's he meaning there? Relative %VE decreases with separate boosting, but only in a short, subseason time frame?
It's a label. Not a principle or a theory. It's a description, an adjective. Do you understand that, Mr. English Language?
So I take it you just now figured out what I meant? Well who woulda thought. Disappointed in how reasonable it is? Go back and reread my comments.
It's frozen at extremely low temperatures.
Well offer still stands, please ping me if you get an update
Free radicals can't damage DNA if it's in a container, even just plastic. In a biological system they cause damage but not in anything like this.
That's not the trick. Nobody thinks they're actually drowning. It just is the sensation that tortures you to your primal core. No higher level of awareness will save you. Read Christopher Hitchens' experience of trying it out. He had nightmares from it and didn't make it 10 minutes.
Not a chance anyone can manage to make it 2 hours straight before tapping out. You could literally have a stack of cash with a timer above it and I guarantee they'll bail.
And if you gave them the option they'd all tap out. If you didn't is bet most would regret it.
A rockin' metal
You missed the point entirely. Simply because something is natural or a plant doesn't mean it shouldn't be regulated.
Curious, why? For the hell of it?
It's classic whataboutism which is mocked at the core more of this sub as well. The idea that anything is as bad as the degree it's ideologically left or right. Of course this also wraps around to the higher comment you replied to that this thinking almost always aligns right, practically speaking.
No True Scotsman is a reactionary way to move goalposts ad hoc when someone has an ostensible counterpoint. Like you hit on its not a relevant fallacy when there's actual disagreement about inclusion of something. Because no *true* Scotsman would set off bombs, one that had "isn't a Scotsman". Clearly the definition of a Scotsman does not include propensity for terrorism, so its not a valid dismissal used in that manner.
He's probably a second year grad student, so about 23. Least that's the impression I gather.
Morbidity peak this high in December can indicate an antigenic drift in circulating viruses. Not that it's peaked, but it's awfully high this time of year. Bad sign.
Well, that and non random selection
It just doesn't spoil. It is stable on its own and nothing *grows* in it. A sack of dry rice is the same more or less with the same principle. Also jam. There are lots of ways you can bring the available water level for growth to below levels anything can actively grow in.
How long after binge drinking does it take for CYP2E1 to drop to normal levels? Kinda interesting the toxicity isn't in that it can't process acetaminophen but that it leads to vastly increases metabolism.
Right, but sugar is not antibacterial. Your link even says that sugar as a wound trament won't do, in support of what I said. Strong osmotic gradients are a problem for all life. That said, I wouldn't take that paper very seriously. Still, spores survive in honey just fine. That's why you can't give it to infants. You could get the same effect with salt or other polar compounds in great excess. Or just using alcohol or something else to sterilize the wound will also lead to more rapid healing.
Bacteria produce spores as well, friend
The levels of aluminum in these brains is so incredibly high they're likely using inappropriate analysis. In any case, you could eat hundreds of vaccines before you achieve this level of aluminum. It simply can't come from the normal schedule several times over. For that reason this doesn't mean anything. Yeah, shit loads of AL in the brain is bad. But vaccines don't have shit loads, so who cares? What we need to see is that small amounts at comparable levels to vaccines are bad. Not some significant % of brain dry weight... It's just ludicrous. A couple hundred micrograms vs this nonsense. I encourage you to do the math and calculate for yourself how laughable this paper is.
HIV is utterly incompatible with mosquitoes. Nothing to do with particle stability.
Nope.
There's a few things to this question. First, epidemic is an epidemiological term for a great many cases of some disease above a baseline and with spread. An outbreak would be any cases above that, sometimes even just one case depending on the disease (e.g. ebola). So strictly going from those terms, we expect a good bit of colds to be passed around annually. The average adult gets 4 a year, and the average child 10. Colds are likely not monitored to the degree for these terms to apply. The other aspect is why other people didn't get sick. Well, they likely did. Colds are usually very mild viruses, causing mild or no symptoms. They are often confused with allergies. People are notoriously bad at diagnosing if they have a cold, and use the term to describe things that aren't just the actual virus. But cold viruses are everywhere and very numerous, many more times so than the flu, which is a separate class of virus. Between diagnosis problems and the normal high level of colds, it would be hard to say there's a cold outbreak or epidemic. But it is definitely spreading among your school and elsewhere, and with many different flavors.
You want them to be fired so more effective, insidious propaganda can be spread? Who's side are you on?
&gt;but here I am comparing reported cases to reported deaths, for a death rate of 1 in 1,000, which is consistant with the CDC's statements For data spanning 1953 onwards in the US, yes. &gt;Is not relevant to case-fatality rate Indirectly, but I'll admit this is a more minor complaint. CFR varies by age group, for one. Two, there are epidemic cycles, making static average estimates error prone or at the very least requiring more context for their meaningful interpretation. We do case ranges for influenza which similarly has annual and seasonal fluxes. This is more of a call to stop loading in more confidence in figures than is reasonable. Take a step back to remember the context behind how these numbers are collected and what they actually relate to. &gt;You are also correct that mortality rate dropped, but most of this drop was before the vaccine, as treatment of symptoms improved, vaccination then further reduced mortality by reducing the number of infections, but the chance of death for those who do get infected hasn't changed much since the early 60s, before the vaccine was invented Yes, but the correction still stands. CFR changed prior to vaccination, dropping to the 0.01% in today's era. This is not going to be true for all periods and regions which don't, for instance, have the same medical infrastructure. The number you're quoting as "the CFR" was what it settled to after 1953 and prior to vaccination. It's not, for instance, applicable prior to that date and not for all regions. &gt;Where is this accusation coming from? Mostly on using data from post-1953 and pre-vaccination as "the CFR" for measles. You didn't mean to, but you applied this number to decades prior, when this is not a given. This is because you didn't realize how it was derived, which is the parallel to our last encounter. &gt;Also, cut the attitude. I can do that. Apologies.
&gt; And yes, Monsanto is also a subsidiary of Bayer now, so evil runs deep? Monsanto got bought by Bayer. I'm guessing you believe some very hyperbolic things about Monsanto.
Wanna chat a bit about that? I bet if we fleshed it out you would not pin much on the company specifically, let alone them exploiting some capitalist loophole.
ok
&gt;I’d prefer to get as many vaccines as possible, but I don’t want to risk any negative side effects. Unfortunately all medical interventions have possible negative side effects. Fortunately they outweigh the risks of HPV infections. You have to frame the risks and benefits of both sides, not just the 'new' thing. People tend to accept or forget the risks they are normalized too, even if that is higher than a possible change.
No it's not
Take that with a grain of salt. It's an interview piece of the study author by their home university. The co-author has a more measured take on it in that article.
This is much more feasible these days with CRISPR and the like. You can either render it inactive or cut it out to various degrees and save the host cell.
Yes. There's likely a couple aspects to a functional cure for HIV for the time being: * Early detection and antiviral therapy to stop replication. This prevents any more cells from being latently infected and "freezes" the advance. The more cells uninfected the better, as you can't ever rescue all of them down the road. * Some sort proviral disrupting technology. You could envision CRISPR systems which cut out portions of and otherwise render the provirus useless. * Depending on the efficiency of the second step, you could then 'activate' the remaining latent provirus reservoirs, killing those cells. This is, at some point, a likely necessary step (at least for early therapies) and as the efficiency of the first two steps gets better this is less of a hit. There are papers demonstrating *in vitro* efficacy of proviral removal, but until we have bonafide CRISPR therapies approved it'll be hard to set a bar for expectations. Since antiviral therapies are very effective, the benefit as it is currently is not lending it to a flagship gene editing therapy.
TWiV and its related spinoffs.
&gt; 50 years of these headlines There wasn't priority or research for a universal vaccine until at the earliest the 80's, and likely not until the 90's. Research for a universal flu vaccine has probably only started in earnest sometime in the past 20 years. That's not a particularly long time. I think you're confusing this for something else. The title is about progress, namely that a particular strategy has apparent merit, not that it will be ready tomorrow.
And viagra was initially a blood pressure medication. It was not intentionally developed for its current purpose. But that doesn't stop anyone for using it to justify any ol' medical advance from not having happened yesterday.
I don't think his post up top is anti-vaxx. It will effectively be used as such, but he's arguing for the ability to not consent for a vaccine. I think it's a noble sentiment *to discuss* but without knowing the exact specifications of the bill probably moot for childhood vaccinations.
&gt;Hmmm, I wish there was a word for that... oh right, the word is “anti-vaxx.” Well, no. He probably is, and it's probably inappropriate for this bill, but that's not "anti-vaxx". People don't consent to tons of vaccines as adults (e.g. hep A, flu shot, HPV), and I wouldn't label them as anti-vaxx just for that decision. Framing a bill which likely limits philosophical loopholes for *childhood vaccination* as being about consent *is* anti-vaxx. It's analogous to arguing against a bill about car seats being "about consent", which is obviously bogus. So he could just be misinformed, or rather it's about how he's misinformed.
Oof. Bad looks, then
&gt; Drug companies can do the same with actual cures, particularly in cases like this. ? That makes no sense. If they had the cure, they would sell it. They *already own and produce* the drug. But that's a pretty pointless comparison, since this isn't a cure anyway. I think maybe the analogy to film is, iunno, totally inappropriate and ridiculous even at the most surface level?
Their market was curing hepatitis--they hit it out of the park. There is no shortage of people with hep c. They can easily lower the price stepwise to their heart's content for the remainder of the patent time. And once a vaccine is produced their drug is almost worthless. I really can't follow the logic being provided here.
I think you have a pretty huge blind spot when it comes to critical thinking on this topic, for whatever reason.
&gt;Clearly, if this finding is accurate and reproducible, flu vaccination may actually make you more likely to infect others. We already know the answer to this question and the answer is: it reduces the rate at which you spread flu. This has been demonstrated time and time again through epidemiology study after study. Flu vaccine *reduces spread* of flu. What the above study shows is that vaccination status (and likely disease state, which of course vaccination impacts, positively by the way) was associated with altered viral particle shedding, both in type of aerosol and the number of a particular aerosol. The fact that more fine aerosols with viral RNA were detected is interesting. It actually does not imply this means you are more likely to spread the disease and the authors never say this. They are epidemiologists, after all, and know the vaccine does reduce spread. However, for starters, the role of aerosol vs fomite transmission isn't settled for flu (ya know, the **second sentence of the abstract**), and that's before we even start dissecting the contribution of various sized aerosols. Then we have length and degree of illness, which this study doesn't touch upon, but which the vaccine again reduces. But go ahead and contradict the author's interpretation of their work. That's what the best arguments are built on. Also, this isn't a new paper? Why is this just now coming across your desk?
The whole selling point of these non-EtBr alternatives is they are Ames test negative. That, along with the known mechanism of intercalation, are the only reasons EtBr has a mutagenic connotation. Personally I don't put much stock in the Ames test over an animal test, and those are [negative](https://ntp.niehs.nih.gov/testing/status/agents/ts-m940107.html) (micronucleus, rats/mice).
It's Ames test negative and that's it. That's the whole selling point
The former, but he's dressing it up as the latter. Also the consent angle is pretty much sleight of hand when discussing *childhood* vaccinations. Might as well invoke in it opposing child seat laws in cars on the basis of consent, too.
Kinda worried that this is a poxvirus based vaccine. That is going to limit who can receive it tremendously. I think we might even lose the ability to vaccinate the elderly who are in most need of efficacy boosts. Thoughts? Edit: Looks like MVA can be given to the elderly (60+) with safe outcomes, which is a nice reassurance.
It inhibits viral enzymes at several steps prior to and after integration into the host genome. This either prevents cell infection before it starts or ensures any virus produced afterwards is non-viable. These are things like reverse transcriptase inhibitors (prevent viral genome from being processed into DNA from its original RNA), integrase inhibitors (prevent viral genome integration into host), and protease inhibitors (prevent new particles from being "processed" into their infectious forms). Edit: As to your original question, Nef is responsible for stopping host MHC-I from being transported to the cell surface. MHC-I is a protein almost all cells have that normally loads pieces of protein that's made by the cell. It's sort of an "everything's OK" alarm. If any of these pieces are foreign, say from a virus, a T cell can detect this, recognize the cell is infected, and kill it. Some cells are capable of detecting its absence and destroying the cell anyway. Is that what you were asking?
Because it is a virus, which have very, very short generation times, many, many progeny viruses, and little or no genome correction for mutations. This is not unique to HIV, though.
&gt; So 1000 people have a fever, a cough, a runny nose, and watery eyes?! Hmmm. &gt; &gt; Much more than that, but that's not relevant to the above article or measles. There are more symptoms and consequences of measles infection than the non-random assortment you've provided. &gt;I think I’d be more worried about the side effects of the vaccine Thank you for sharing. &gt;Wonder why we don’t see those side effects on the news? Why would we? Were 1000 cases of SSPE due to the vaccine? No, there weren't.
Well that's pretty reassuring. Obviously the above trial is absolutely restricted to healthy and young volunteers since they're signing up for flu inoculation right after, but being able to access that niche is pretty critical for any flu vaccine worth its salt.
The CDC outbreak hub is [here](https://www.cdc.gov/measles/cases-outbreaks.html). I believe the last deaths were in 2015 and then 2012.
&gt;Why are my kids seemingly so much more sensitive to vaccines than others They're not. That's just random chance. These are completely different vaccines with completely different components with completely different routes of administration. There is no common genetic response which could dictate all of these responses. And some of them might not even have anything to do with the vaccine. &gt;Or is it just in their nature (genetic or otherwise) to react so strongly? You're making a category which doesn't exist: "general vaccine response". That's not a thing. It would be like saying "general food response" as a way of describing allergies or intolerances, which ignores that these reactions are *specific*. Each vaccine is different. You could, for instance, have a heritable reaction to *one* of these vaccines. And that might consistently lead to a certain extreme response. But you haven't described that--you've described random and normal vaccine responses across the board, none repeated, and no apparent harm. &gt;Or a weak immune system not able to as effectively manage vaccines, in which case, is there anything to do to help bolster their immune system? There's only one thing that boosts one's immune system: **a vaccine**. That's it. If a child has a "weak" immune system, they are recommended to be vaccinated as they are inherently more susceptible to the actual pathogen the vaccine protects against. However these responses are not indicative of an issue, and certainly not "weak immune responses". Nothing here is suggestive they can't "effectively manage vaccines"--they already have. That ship has sailed. Just relax. &gt;These are more the questions I meant to ask now that I’ve thought on it more. I would *highly* recommend you do some reading provided by the CDC on what at vaccine is and how it works. Start [here](https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/parents/index.html) and follow links as they relate to questions you have. There aren't magical ways to boost the immune system--only a vaccine does that. These responses are normal and not severe by the sound of it. And the rotavirus incident might be entirely unrelated to the vaccine. I think you're losing sight of the forest from the trees.
It's a totally normal human response to look for a pattern and common thread. And of course when it's your own family emotions always ride high. Definitely don't interpret my comments as judgement.
Typically early peaks indicate 'drifting' from current population immunity. This can be evasion from vaccine derived immunity but more broadly any existing immunity and including non-hemagglutinin proteins. Does anyone know links to Australian flu surveillance websites? Would be very interesting to get a breakdown on what they're finding.
So they don't have as much surveillance data as the CDC, but they report it [here](https://www.health.gov.au/flureport). Their [pdf warning] [current data](https://www.health.gov.au/internet/main/publishing.nsf/Content/cda-surveil-ozflu-flucurr.htm/$File/flu-03-2019.pdf) has a dominance of type A (unsurprising) but mostly unsubtyped. Of the known subtypes, it's mostly H3N2 which is in line with the late North American season. They don't do genetic profiling to see if this is the same H3N2 clade that dominated mid-to-late 2018-2019 season NA after clear drifting from 2017-2018 H3N2.
Yeah I dunno. I'd bet it is the same clade. If you look at old FluView reports you'll see 2018-19 start out as a moderate H1N1 season. And then the normally minor H3N2 group clearly drifts and rapidly dominates nationally, giving us the longest flu season on record less than a single season after the strongest (non-pandemic) season on record. Back-to-back H3N2. I don't know what's going on with it, but universal vaccines won't help much if *natural infections* aren't conferring immunity that's lasting or relevant less than a single season.
Provirus
Epidemic is larger, more widespread than an outbreak. And pandemic is larger than an epidemic, since it is global. So outbreak&lt;epidemic&lt;pandemic.
They can get the first two, and you'll know by their symptoms.
&gt;I went to go get my flu shot (which I always get) and was turned away because I had the flu recently. Well that's a dumb thing for them to do. &gt;I’m then turned away because they only have vaccines for the elderly. There's no flu shot that the elderly can get that you can't also get. They are first tested in healthy adults and, by the nature of the clinical trial progression, are suitable for you. If you keep getting pushback, look up the brand and show the nurse that it is approved for 18+, not just 50 or 60+. Are you in the US? The past few seasons (2017, 17-18, 18, 18-19) have been very tumultuous. We've been setting records left and right. It's conceivable this is real, but you can't do anything aside from get the flu shot. Perhaps you could get a better brand, but that's about it.
Flublok and Flucelvax are what you will want
Possibly. If it's a large number of excess cases for the country I would say epidemic fits. Sometimes even for several states they will still use outbreak. There isn't a hard line, though.
They're only available in the US I believe and are not widely distributed. Call ahead to pharmacies until you find one that has it.
&gt; Even the smallest amount of research would show you Monsanto lost the lawsuits from Van Strum over the use of 2,4,5-t &gt; &gt; Where's the link, doc
NPC1 is a cholesterol transporter and those without it (aside from having Neimann-Pick dieases) are immune to ebolavirus.
This one got a load of attention which is good. I was expecting like 8k but this was solid /r/all. Gotta ride the pro-vaxx pro-science wave to the top
Why doesn't the NHS want this part of the schedule?
They don't inject it in your veins. Just a quick shot to the deltoid. With a good nurse you won't even feel it, just a bit of pressure. Whole process is less than 5 seconds, after the alcohol swab and what not. It's nothing like getting bloodwork. Your arm will be really sore afterwards though.
Often you don't feel that, but it depends on the nurse. But it's just a pinch. The shot will feel worse since it's tetanus. You are gonna be super sore
The shot application itself is a cakewalk. Maybe a pinch, maybe not. Takes 5 seconds. Your arm will just be really sore afterwards because it's tetanus.
Echoing this comment. We're not there yet
&gt; I there anywhere you'd recommend that I can read more on steady-state load of antigens, and the antigens in vaccines? There isn't a "too many antigens" level. It's not like an electrical load where your immune system shorts out after some arbitrary threshold. You encounter something on the order of thousands upon thousands daily. Everything you eat, breathe, rub into your eye and more will have tons of antigens. If that were suddenly tripled, there wouldn't be a negative impact. Vaccines will have very, very little in comparison, and this has decreased over time.
You're going to die. But not from the vaccine. When you ignore the risk of things you have come to implicitly accept, it makes the other actionable risks you must *choose* to face seem disproportionately large. Remember the baseline risks to put new things into perspective. Human nature doesn't do this automatically.
&gt; It's a subreddit where industry shills for Monsanto and Bayer, who maintain dossiers on scientists critical to industry, who make fallacious arguments, are banned. &gt; &gt; Mods, ban this anti-freethought shill. Look at him shilling.
It is on a freethought sub.
&gt; Left is garbage eh? That's a classic strawman... His exact wording was "far left" and defined by specific policy positions. You then expanded that to anyone left of center.
Seems to be a badge of honor. How many subs are you up to at this point?
It's pretty good outside those small communities where they concentrate.
&gt;First, you engaged in a strawman argument. I said, "I am skeptical on the efficacy of the flu shot." to which your reply was: &gt;&gt;Why? You're skeptical of the measured efficacy posted on the CDC website? &gt;Those are two different arguments. They're not and you should not be having trouble seeing how that's the case. The shot *works* and the *quantitative degree* to which it works is posted online, after every year. Your word betrays that you don't know this is the case or that you disagree with the number. The only alternative besides those two is you clumsily wording your comment. &gt;And yes, I've read the CDC pages extensively on the flu vaccines. So you then we just circle back to my initial wording: &gt;&gt;Why? You're skeptical of the measured efficacy posted on the CDC website? Please, tell me what the number is on the website and then tell me why you think it's wrong. &gt;In a general sense, according to the CDCs own information on the flu vaccine, it generally only works well among the peer groups that need it the least (young people and people with healthy immune systems). That's true of all vaccines. The healthiest respond best to them. This doesn't really set you up for anything but a general anti-vaxx plea or non-specific arguments against flu vaccine herd immunity, for whatever reason that might be. &gt;The flu virus mutates quite a bit and depending upon the year, and the region, the efficacy of the annual shot may be very marginal. The efficacy is posted every year. You either think that number is accurate or you don't. That is the quantification of its efficacy on preventing outpatient/inpatient illness. &gt;My beef isn't that the vaccine is dangerous. My beef is that for a lot of people, it's a waste of of money and resources and won't make much difference. Those same CDC resources you claim to have read outline exactly why you're wrong. Other than that there isn't much to say--your quote here just lacks really any substance to go off of. I could show you stats (and indeed, the CDC does) showing why it's wrong, but that really just hinges on how you, personally, define "a lot" or "much". It's just layman weasel-words divorced from any stat or metric of value. &gt; If you work in a high risk area, by all means, get the shot, but if you don't, then the idea that everybody needs it, every year, IMO is a corporate boondoggle more than it is valid medical/scientific advice. Then you really haven't read anything on the CDC website after all. It's easy to point out how your opinion is, scientifically, stupid. &gt;But hey, that nuanced attitude towards a very specific type of medical treatment, doesn't fall into your strawman argument It's not a strawman. You just don't know what you're talking about. I am actually excited at the prospect that you continue to dig a bigger, more ignorant hole than the one you've set out with this comment. By all means, continue, and we can really show how wrong you are. Or maybe you just don't realize that there are many kind of ignorant assholes, and only some of those are dyed-in-the-wool anti-vaxxers. Some are more like yourself: borderline scientifically literate, but not functionally so. They're free to go about making up anti-science conspiracies on whatever tech checks the personal bias bingo, like you have displayed in this and previous comments. No substance, stats, or logical underpinnings outside the conspiracy thread. &gt;And therein lies the problem with your movement. You alienate good people who just want to ask questions. Oh? And what movement is that? The only goal I have is to more or less publicly flog people who spout anti-science nonsense and expose them for the benefit of everyone else. That is itself a public service and can be entertaining, too. &gt;You shout out a very loud, pro-industry narrative that seeks to shut down any discussion and debate about the value of products in these marketplaces. Just like the CDC, WHO, AMA, NIH, NIAID, NSA, and others. Are they shills, too? This is starting to get quite complicated to explain. You might need actual data to start to support the multiple layers at which this conspiracy operates. &gt;You better start eating your car. Why would I? You didn't answer the question about the measured efficacy because you've not read what the measured efficacy is. You tried to vaguely allude to reading CDC resources on it, but that wasn't the challenge. You blew your shot. It was a really simple thing to flip the script on if you knew it. So, what's the number? Why's it wrong?
Really? A documentary?
Hopefully you can see past the snark. BPA was discovered as having estrogen-mimetic properties due to what you roughly described: culturing cells and noting some change in growth due to the plastic. What I'm asking of you is to zoom out a bit and consider the impact of directly plating a cancer cell on non-food grade plastic as a mechanism of BPA delivery and how this is drastically different from the dose and delivery of any dietary BPA. Documentaries are made by filmmakers who get to pick and choose what they want in their film. They are not a substitute for science, but that doesn't mean they can't be informative or accurate. You can see what the FDA has to say about BPA and the changing view on it over time [here](https://www.fda.gov/food/food-additives-petitions/bisphenol-bpa-use-food-contact-application).
&gt; I'm not letting the ones who didnt off the hook, just saying that most of them thought they were just sending them to forced labor camps and nothing more. /r/ShitWehraboosSay
Where's that stat from
&gt; 50 micromolar concentration is insane to be screening anything, other approved antibiotics usually have stable concentrations less than 1 micromolar in plasma. &gt; &gt; And you can be certain they didn't start the screen at that concentration. I think this point is a really miss and I don't see why you keep repeating it. Screens are about managing type I and type II error. What you're suggesting has unrealistically high type II error. Most screens gladly trade a very high type I error for a low type II error, give or take the stage. &gt;It's the equivalent of looking for a vehicle that is the safest in a collision, that is already approved for use on the road and then testing it at 2500 miles per hour, and then claiming that has any relevancy at 60 miles per hour. These are just different steps in testing. The concentrations are determined empirically to balance activity with cytotoxicity. You can't just *guess* what that is. You walk it up and down a concentration gradient first. Part of that is phase 1 anyway, which these types of studies are far in advance of (but have been already done for an already approved screen).
Uh, pardon?
I believe [this](https://www.sentienceinstitute.org/us-factory-farming-estimates) is where they lay out the stats.
I think the first addresses the question. I think the point of beef feedlots counting as factory farming is a bit complicated. These animals would be raised on ranches prior to being "finished" in these feedlots. I suppose it gets to the question of at what scale does farming become the evil that factory farming is portrayed as. Unfortunately I don't think that's answerable by these stats alone.
Edit: Maybe I'm misinformed since I do basic science vs translational research. But... &gt;It isn't about type error it's about potency. I believe it's absolutely about type error. Final product potency is not determined by first-pass in vitro screens, though that can probably predict if you're not going to get any useful off-label usage for currently approved drugs. So I see you on that point. &gt;This negates the point of using an FDA-approved screen. Does it? You either find a drug as-is which works, a win, or you modify it, a win. A de novo screen can only do the latter, but you at least have the possibility of the former with an FDA-approved screen.
&gt; No. My first professor had the highest standards, he wouldn't publish if we couldn't find something below 1 uM. &gt; &gt; Wow. That's impressive.
The term he used is correct. Measles was eliminated from North America meaning there were no endemic cases. Any case was imported or stemming from an import before dying off.
&gt;The FDA noted that the donor stool had not been tested for the drug-resistant bacteria, called extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing E. coli, prior to the transplantation. After the illnesses and death occurred, however, a stored preparation of the donor stool was tested, and found to be positive for the identical strain of bacteria found in the two patients. Are you fucking serious?
You can have genetic factors that influence susceptibility to some environmental factor. Of course those aren't vaccines, but the meme isn't a knockdown argument as is.
Give it time
It's still around today. Most people have had it once
Of your posting history? Probably.
Yes, please give examples. Which "medical" procedures would those be? &gt;Goebbels and Hitler would be proud. Of your posting history.
[Nope.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicine): &gt;&gt;Medicine is the science and practice of establishing the diagnosis, prognosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. He tortured or murdered people, but did not forcefully practice medicine on them. And that's where our fascist friend will also fail the challenge.
If your parents had enhanced alcohol clearance due to a genetic trait, it's possible. This is not necessarily related to their alcoholism. Epigenetics is concerned with the heritable changes in expression--and not content--of genes. So, for instance, you might have the same genes as child A born of non-alcoholic parents. However, because one of both were alcoholics, you might have altered expression of any number of genes, and that may or may not be beneficial. But that altered heritance of expression is epigenetics.
&gt;you know how to use google I presume. Ah, and the admission your wiki links don't count finally surfaces. Please, sir, could you provide one, single example of a forced medical procedure performed under the nazi regime? &gt;Goebbels and Hitler would be proud. As well they should be of your comment history.
I made it in a very rare bout of creativity. Normally I'm not that cute. I'm glad you enjoyed it!
&gt; The articles I linked provide plenty of proof of the medical experiments carried out by the Nazis. Looks like you didn't bother to read them. &gt; &gt; So let me get this straight: you're saying pointless research on involuntary subjects is the same as a medical procedure? That the former is practicing medicine? Sounds like you didn't read the basic definition of medicine. &gt;Wikipedia links work just fine. Ah, then I recommend you start reading them. &gt;as to my comment history, I have addressed that. Goebbels and Hitler would be quite proud of it, yes. &gt;Free thinking individuals did not fare well during those times. As these times are as well it seems. You seem a bit confused on which side of that coin you'd fall back in those days. Or even these days. &gt;Taking care of other people at the expense and detriment of your own is a bad policy. Yes I think I remember that nazi policy. &gt;But alas, whatever helps you to rationalize atrocities and human rights violations I suppose. You would be the one calling those "medicine", not me.
Most are not, no, as animal inputs are required for production broadly speaking. Some like HPV, certain flu brands, and others can be vegan strictly speaking. This is due to technology constraints and general regulatory/economic hurdles to making them vegan (or inadvertently vegan). I don't think anyone would tell you to skip out on them because of that, though, since it's a pretty direct investment in preventing human suffering.
&gt; like the vegan flu vaccine This is currently Flublok, available only in the US as far as I'm aware.
&gt; I believe what the original poster was really trying to point out is how statistically insignificant gun deaths are in the United States compared to how the media portrays it as. Did they succeed, though? They compared it to flu deaths which top all infectious disease related deaths. Driving is highly regulated from speed, safety of vehicles, seatbelt requirements, insurance registration and of course licensing. A lot of these examples have serious government involvement, government/academic research to reduce the public health impact. None are "meh, good enough to stop here".
...not everyone else is in the US. There are two egg-free flu vaccines and only one is vegan. I provided that brand name. What a bizarre reason to downvote relevant information for the benefit of others viewing the thread. Have a good night.
&gt;Now more than ever, it is critical that the public see transparency on vaccines, ALL of the science, discussions and investigations take place, safety policies are put in place, and we get to the bottom of which vaccines are safe This is already known. &gt;begin heading into a healthier future where 40+ injections are not necessary to survive. Hold on. I thought the diseases aren't as bad as is portrayed, and none are necessary to survive? And, hold on, you've already loaded the idea that they're not necessary just after pretending to be open to evidence possibly saying otherwise. &gt;The attacks by the media on those trying to cover statistics directly from the CDC and HHS needs to stop. Wait, is this information *freely available*, sort of like you just called for it to be? &gt;Disregarding credible scientists Ironic. &gt;pretending data doesn’t exist Ironic and internally inconsistent.
They treat symptoms, and that doesn't mean that you recover faster.
You can sue vaccine manufacturers. Kinda wasted your time, bud.
&gt; A series of strawman arguments saying nothing. &gt; &gt; Cute non-sequitur. &gt;Next time address the data and not the syntax. You're relying on a logical framework which is internally inconsistent. I can point that out to my heart's content. Besides, you don't even care about 1980-1992 measles cases, of which there were 50,000+. *That* is where the CFR derives from. But, yeah, let's redefine that based on 3,000 cases or so. So, sure, you should address the data. After you read it.
&gt; you can't even read or analyze basic lab science results correctly. LOL! even the authors are bashing your ludicrous lies ...I quoted their results and the title of the paper. Their observation was **transient** and **not due to alum**. So this has no tie in to your hypothesis about IL-6, maternal immune activation, or ASD. &gt;the rest of your nonsensical ramblings get shot down in the exact same manner. Nope. &gt; also, none of these lab studies proving alum adjuvant neurotoxicity have been retracted or sufficiently challenged They're not retracted because they're in garbage pay-to-play journals with no peer review. As for your opinion on if they've been sufficiently challenged, nobody really cares about your thoughts there. &gt;there are no lab studies demonstrating alum adjuvant safety You just posted one. The HBV paper found no issue with alum for their safety outcomes. Same for its use in HPV vaccine approval, of which they are many. &gt;peer reviewed publish studies proving alum adjuvant injures mammals via alum adjuvant neuorinflammation. If you had reading comprehension you'd see how this has no tie-in to your HBV paper. &gt;Research has identified interleukin-6 (IL-6) as the specific cytokine responsible for autism Ha, no. IL-6 is involved in a host of normal processes, including neurogenesis. ASD can arise from quite a few genetic factors and apparent environmental interactions as well. &gt;IL-6 is stimulated by vaccine adverse reactions (fever, seizures) Unless you've shown a vaccine AE actually lead to IL-6 production increases, this is an unsubstantiated claim. &gt;Both prenatal and postnatal surges of IL-6 can cause autism Nah. None of your papers show this. You didn't read 'em, clearly. &gt;Immune activation during brain development has also been shown to cause schizophrenia, seizure disorders, and ADHD. Er, *in utero*. Development happens years post-birth. &gt;https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22326556 &gt;https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22310922 &gt;https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23907982 I already refuted these. It's also clear you didn't read the papers. They don't use proper statistical tests, can't even align the methods with their figures, and in general use the same data set for the series of papers but omit groups when convenient. Scroll up to re-read it. Go slowly this time. &gt;Dosage of 550mcg/kg also caused excessive weight gain (a sign of metabolic disorder). Who cares? &gt;All 3 dosages (100, 300 and 550mcg/kg) also caused numerous signs of nerve damage (observable by microscopy and biochemical changes) and/or abnormal anxious behavior. There's no apparent microscopic damage in their figures, which are rather bad. They've so poorly imaged the fluorescent signal there's hardly any confidence in the results. They can't even resolve nuclei well. What signal they do detect (non-DAPI) has atrocious gain. Fig 1 shows squalene + alum has no effect behaviorally, in direct contrast with their hypotheses of harm by alum and harm by squalene. In fact they really only see signal from alum and squalene only groups, and quizzically when combining these two together it disappears behaviorally (fig 1) and by microscopy (fig 3). Fig 4 continues the terrible trend in staining and visualization. Their quantification doesn't mean anything here. Arrows point to nothing of interest and the pictures are ostensibly the same. Fig 5 is just as bad and doesn't show proper uninjured mice GFAP staining, which is always present at some amount due to its developmental importance. The diffuse and insane background really just signals they don't know how to do microscopy. And that's about it. Unless you want to link ASD with motor neurons, you don't have a hypothesis. There wasn't any harm found in the hippocampus, which was what the HBV was about (and, again, not from alum). There's literally no tie between your main hypothesis and these two papers which don't connect to each other or your alum=ASD idea. &gt;All these results together are conclusive evidence of brain damage caused by the same dosages (mcg/kg) human infants receive according to the US vaccine schedule. Nah. &gt;Vaccine advocates argue that injected Al adjuvant is safe, based on studies of ingested Al salts. Yes and no. &gt;This is unscientific because ingesting Al salts and injecting Al nanoparticles present very different risks. If you'd like to demonstrate that, go ahead. &gt;Both the route of administration and the chemical forms are different. And what mechanism of action is different, then? &gt;Recent experiments prove that Al adjuvant is transported into the brain by white blood cells. This explains why injected Al adjuvant can be more dangerous to the brain than ingested Al salts. Funny, that paper shows no toxicity. &gt;Vaccine advocates like Paul Offit make false statements about Al toxicity studies. The studies show that ingested Al is harmful at dosages less than half of what advocates claim to be safe. No they don't. And no they don't.
If you eat literally nothing and chug this water then perhaps.
It's quite annoying they feel the need to offer that information unsolicited. I didn't mean to imply you sought it out from them
&gt; Another strawman with some insults thrown in. &gt; &gt; Ah, I see you don't know what a strawman or an insult is. &gt;But zero addressing of science. Ah, I see you don't know how to read, either. Seems you're struggling to adjust to the reality that just because you say something doesn't make it real or true. Your summaries (of my comments or the epidemiology) are cute little nothings. Laypeople know it as well. It's pretty sad.
&gt;I keep telling people that nobody healthy dies from the flu. That's not true at all, but you seem to have your mind made up. &gt;If the news doesn't tell you that, then it is only trying to scare you. So if the news doesn't agree with you, it's trying to scare people?
Either smallpox or BCG. Depends on age
I owe him an apology in that case
*sigh* try to read it again
&gt;Child. I think they can read in many cases, actually. Please, slow down with all the data. There's too much to keep up with.
Then definitely BCG.
The authors trash me...with their title, results, and discussion that I quoted? That cannot possibly align with your alum hypothesis?
&gt;Based on the above numbers, 4 out of 5,788 people died that had the measles Ok. And that's a small sample size for such an outcome. Try using more numbers and see what happens. ...also this is just repetition. Spoiler: the mortality rate increases. &gt;The numbers the CDC, WHO, and mainstream media are using, predate 1993. ...yes. &gt;Claiming 2 per 1,000 is vastly different than 1 per 1,500, especially when it refers to lives. ...yes. Which is why you would go with the dataset that has higher confidence. &gt;One key statistic neither the CDC, the WHO, or mainstream media include in their reports, is the fact that there have been 483 measles vaccine injury and death claims paid by the U.S. Government **since 1988.** CDC clearly documents that on VAERS. WHO is in an international organization, so why would they document a US-specific number as such? Why go back to 1988 when you could stop at 1993? &gt;This all has a similar resemblance to the CDC’s Swine Flu data coverup back in 2009. Ok, now you're just making me laugh. This relates to measles mortality...how? It doesn't? Ok, good. &gt;After obtaining state-by-state test results, they indicated that it was unlikely that people had the H1N1 and probably didn’t have the flu at all. Uh, that picture clearly talks about "probable" or "presumed" H1N1pdm09, not about state tests. But, sure, tell me more about how the US orchestrated a hoax on a pandemic virus that is still in circulation today in every country. It'll take more than a 4 inch /r/oldpeoplefacebook screenshot link that you botched. &gt;Meanwhile, the CDC abruptly advised states to stop testing for the H1N1 flu and stopped counting cases. You're confusing pre-pandemic and post-pandemic H1N1. Do you realize there are many possible H1N1 infuenza viruses? And can you link this wild claim? &gt;They shipped out 30 million doses, encouraging them to get the vaccine and that it would be safe. Shockingly, it was. &gt;Unfortunately, for those who had already had the H1N1 vaccine, it was dangerous to get a second one because it could expose them to significant side effects such as paralysis from Guillain-Barre syndrome. Haha, no. We have repeat vaccination annually for influenza. Adding a monovalent vaccine after a trivalent or quadrivalent vaccine is not more or less dangerous. For instance, someone who had a trivalent vaccine in November of 2008 and then a monovalent pandemic vaccine in **May** of 2009 isn't going to cause them any harm.
Interesting. Japan has a more strict regulatory system than even the US.
&gt; It’s unfortunate for the shop owner that has to live with that, it’s unfortunate for the guys family, but he got exactly what he deserved. &gt;doesn't seem that unfortunate to me.
Morbidity rates are a better correlate, as treatment can prevent death but not infection.
They probably shouldn't be watched by an audience to boost their numbers. I'd be fine looking at a transcript but other than that no reason to give them clout.
&gt; yeah, their results contradict your claims of vaccine safety. you lose, perpetual liar. &gt; &gt; No they don't. They say it's safe and worthwhile *in the paper*.
&gt;Does that really help them much? That's the only thing a podcast has, as far as I'm aware. Numbers justify advertisements and so forth.
&gt; i like how you continually dodge their quoted findings of vaccine injury/neurodamage. there's a reason you're crowned perpetual liar. &gt; &gt; Uh, the transient part? From something unrelated to alum? Who's the one dodging here?
&gt; because if the US was rounding up all Mexican/Americans CITIZENS to deport them than yes it would be a concentration camp similar to the ones the National Socialist German Workers Party (nazis) used That doesn't mean they aren't concentration camps. You're moving the goalposts again. If *you* care a lot about the minutia and distinctions between different flavors of concentration camps and the political ideological facets that give rise to their distinctions, have at it. But you don't seem to care about that. &gt;which is what you are trying to infer. I'm inferring they're similar to nazi regime concentration camps? Maybe you mean implying? But in any case, no, I'm not inferring/implying that. &gt;These people are coming into the US illegally Seeking asylum isn't illegal. Having a parent attempt to enter the US isn't illegal. &gt;and rightly being arrested for it. And are they being processed by the justice system? Are they being deported? Or are they being...concentrated. In camps. Separating the families. &gt;It’s not sleight of hand it’s a fact. What's sleight of hand is your attempt at moving the goalposts in bad faith, whether you mean to or not.
&gt; If you read what I said they are being processed. You say that...but to what degree is that actually happening? &gt;They get released with a court date which none of them show up for and then they go about their illegal business. Why aren't they just deported? You want to criminally detain these people? Give them a fine? &gt;The sleight of hand is you comparing US facilities for holding people committing a crime to The National Socialist German Workers NAZIS forced labour and death camps where they rounded up people already living in their country for the sole purpose of exterminating an entire race. I'm afraid you're just an idiot. I have repeatedly said this *not happening* and you repeatedly try to equivocate the two. Stop it.
&gt;huh? can't help ya then &gt;you're the one dodging their quoted findings of vaccine injury/neurodamage I think that's your inability to actually understand the fundamental science being done and its implications. You seem unable to literally read and understand the title of the paper, or otherwise interpret the results. &gt;along with all the other studies proving alum adjuvant damage and immune activation. So the HBV paper you are talking about shows **no harm** from alum. None. The "injury" you keep referring to is temporary and has nothing to do with aluminum or its use as an adjuvant. It actually has to do with HBV.
The research is clear: know presenteeism is *terrible* for patients and staff. It's on par with having unvaccinated staff members. But nothing changes.
&gt; huh? you're the one dodging their quoted findings of vaccine injury/neurodamage, along with all the other studies proving alum adjuvant damage and immune activation. &gt; &gt; Reread the comments. You can do it.
&gt;Were you not aware that fewer than 1% of adverse reactions are reported to VAERS, or were you pretending that this system was somehow comprehensive in order to push an agenda? I was pointing out it's transparent, which you claimed it wasn't. Most AEs are exceedingly minor, so unless you have some data suggesting that serious AEs are being lost or that VAERS is *not* enriched for those serious AEs, then your new link means nothing to me (even assuming it's remotely accurate). But let's not forget the rest of your bizarre logical inconsistencies--if you want to throw everything at the wall to see what sticks, you get called out for the misses. You also quizzically claim that the WHO is somehow keeping this under wraps, when they wouldn't have a stake in US AEs. If you want to go ahead and claim that the AEs spanning from 1988 to present are comparable to US measles morbidity and mortality spanning from 1993 to present, go ahead. I'd love to hear the argument for how incongruent dates of case inclusivity somehow makes a lick of sense. Besides, if we go back to 1983 we have tens of thousands of measles cases to throw in the mix, so, gee, I wonder why you like to draw the lines as you do? Then of course the completely laughable flu vaccine conspiracy hinging on a three-paragraph screenshot and nonsenical term usage. This is a real funny one I wish you would expand on, because as you do it'll be clear it derives from your misunderstanding differences between various influenza viruses and their specific outpatient testing procedures. Take home message: you're incoherent. The only cohesive thread you have is a narrative of harm relating to and stemming from vaccines, regardless of any logical relationship between. There is no plausible single mechanism of harm you've described. But, please, tell me all about how this is because I don't address your "data".
I'm impressed this doesn't have any adverse impacts on the epithelial cells that normally express MUC16. I suppose these are typically in the lumen (gut/lung) which isn't normally surveilled by T-cells from direction?
&gt;Any list that leaves off 99% of what should be on there is worthless. VAERS isn't even causative. Take your beef up with parents and practitioners who don't report it rather than the CDC. Plus you ignore severity *again* with a stat you haven't even linked the paper to. As usual, toothless and pointless complaints from you. Pivoting from lost arguments hopefully thrown at the wall. Get some data and read a paper or two, then reply.
No, not CAR-T at all. Instead of reprogramming T cells to recognize the cancer cell, they make an antibody which links the cancer and the T cell, leading to a similar outcome. It's less invasive and requires no permanent alteration of the patient's cells.
&gt; they should simply tell people what happens to the "rescued" animals They're not rescued animals. They're animals dumped on them from 'no kill' shelters. They're quite transparent about what they do and why they do it.
You can do it. Put in the work little fella
&gt; huh? you're the one dodging their quoted findings of vaccine injury/neurodamage, along with all the other studies proving alum adjuvant damage and immune activation. It literally says alum was fine and caused no issue. I even quoted sections for you.
&gt; How are ALL adverse reactions to a vaccine complied? Clinical trials. Post-market study. Capturing *every* event is a red herring and not necessary. You only need rates of each type to estimate accurate numbers. Repeat 99% to yourself as much as you want, it's meaningless. &gt;Please be specific. Entire arms of the regulatory system. We have to start basic because you are *severely* deficient in your understanding of even the existence of these basic safeguards.
&gt; Your constant childish insults do nothing for your argument. &gt; &gt; As do your lack of any logical narrative thread or data to appeal to. So what? That never slowed you down. &gt;That is not specific. Woops, you quoted the wrong line. Back up and try again.
&gt;No, that was your answer It wasn't. If you can't read four lines of text and retain more than two of them at a time, you probably have a literal learning disability. So, back up and try again. Write things down as needed. Maybe summarize a paragraph break in one sentence so you can meet smaller retention thresholds. &gt;did the hole deeper. You certainly do.
&gt;&gt;3.8. No effects of aluminum hydroxide (ALH) alone on Th bias and neurobehavior There's an entire section on it. Read it.
&gt; you dodged the sections preceeding 3.8, which also prove alum and hepB cause neurodamage! LMFAO! &gt; &gt; Do you know what a control does? Read section 3.8 bucko.
&gt; So guessing. &gt; &gt; No, guessing is guessing. Measuring a rate isn't. &gt;They set up a system where the only way to report an AE is Lemme stop you right there. Reporting an event to VAERS is not difficult. You can read the criteria for doing so on the site. &gt;is so currupt and litigious I'm guessing you don't know what litigious means. &gt;99% of them are never reported Of AEs? Erythema is an AE. Yeah, I'm betting &gt;99% of that isn't reported, either. But that wasn't really the point of you bringing up AEs--it was to show vaccines are 'muh dangerous'. So you would be looking at serious AEs. Now, what's the reporting rate for those? And which events aren't caught in phase III? Answer that and you'll have something to work with. &gt;Again, they are not reported outside the particular trial-study. Citation needed, bud. &gt;Most papers on vaccine are written by people being funded directly by the manufacturers that make the product. Academia disagrees. But really if you think papers can't be an objective view into the nature of the science, why bother justify your point with a paper to begin with? &gt;That is the literal definition of conflict of interest. Yeah, and it's reported in the section called "Conflict of Interest". Now what? &gt;No vaccine safety test funded by a company that makes money off that vaccine should be considered anything more than a footnote. A footnote in what? If their trials aren't good, they're disregarded. Or more likely not even allowed to proceed to begin with. &gt;more reading. Yes, do that. &gt;Peer-Review and the Corruption of Science This is a general pivot. You have nothing particular to point to to illustrate what you want, so you are lashing out in the corner you painted yourself in. Let's take a moment to marvel at how the discussion about "MMR AEs" has so rapidly fallen--at your own direction--into these random non-substantial offshoots. Ya got nada and it shows.
&gt;You seem to be confused. No. &gt;We are talking about ALL adverse events. You are. But why? I think you've gotten quite lost and are going back to the ol' familiar chestnut that normally works on facebook. Erythema is an AE. So is malaise. Why are we worried about 99% of these AEs going unreported? We don't care about documenting every case if we have accurate rates of these AEs. We already know about them. &gt;How are those measured? What a stupid question--with numbers. With clinical trials it will be AEs of treatment and control alongside each other. You can express that as a rate (AEs per capita) and extrapolate by doses distributed if you want. You can try to blindly grope for the thread of logic you thought you had through paltry attempts at the Socratic method. But you won't get anywhere with it. So, bud, why *are* we talking about AEs?
I already did. If you think it's inadequate you should elaborate. I'm not buying this pretense like you have a plan. You're lost and trying to find your way along the script.
Plants need physical abrasions to allow for the virus to get into it. A scratch and hot sauce will do the trick. TMV is the iconic "tobacco mosaic virus". Very historically important virus. Plant viruses are very stable and can contaminate soil for decades. I think it'll be a fun project, but usually infection of plants is indicated by stunted growth or leaf coloring abnormalities. Plus plants can take a while to get any results from. The more fun stuff requires tissue culture which is pretty out of reach for laypeople. But viruses are very fun. I think you should keep up your interest in them.
&gt; You don't want to repeat the simple, because is an estimation. Otherwise known as a guess. &gt; &gt; What a clumsily worded sentence. It's not known as a guess. It's an estimate or measurement of the frequency of an event. You can call it a guess, but it's not. That just continually reflects poorly on you. This is probably beneath elementary school education, to be honest: [guess](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/guess?utm_campaign=sd&amp;utm_medium=serp&amp;utm_source=jsonld): * : to form an opinion of from little or no evidence Hm, not quite. Back to 3rd grade, I suppose. &gt;They guess the number of adverse reactions because there is no way to adequately report them. You don't need to report them to know the rate of AEs of interest. It's not guessed, it's measured. This is done prior to approval for marketing. We have been over this many times. Write things down if you need that type of aid. &gt;Let's deep dive on that one. Oh boy. Pretty much the same ol' same ol'. What AE do you have in mind for what vaccine, and why would we not know the rate of it through clinical trials? The silence is deafening. We're going on like five back-and-forths of nothing. &gt;National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) Give me publications or get lost. So far you've just gotten yourself lost. I'm not an idiot, I know what NVIC is. &gt;I guess lying and childish insults work for you in your everyday life, but it won't work here. You shouldn't guess, sir. You should measure and estimate with stringent and objective confidence intervals. Or, in your words, there's no difference! Damn, you just don't let anything past you "here". Let me off easy, will you. &gt;You are are on the side of companies that brain damage children. **Prove it already.** That's supposedly the ace up your sleeve, isn't it? That you can prove it? You keep talking about it, but so far you're dying on the hill of unreported AEs. Nevermind serious AEs, nevermind specific AEs or specific vaccines. You are just repeating over and over that specific post-market surveillance doesn't have 100% detection rate. Over and over. No papers--nada. Walk through the script faster, please. This section is clearly not working.
&gt;And what is the more fun stuff that requires this tissue culture? Mammalian viruses! Very fun stuff. Involves tissue culture, which is also very fun.
Tissue culture is just very expensive and requires incubators. Instead of having a plant in dirt or bacteria on a plate you need to grow cells that are meant to be a part of a larger organism. You need specific media that's expensive and incubators with stable CO2. I bet you can do some bacteria and plant work, though.
The farms which grow peppers for hot sauce inevitably have contamination which then runs rampant through their fields. It makes the peppers disfigured, but this isn't an issue if you grind them into sauce regardless. Plant viruses are obscenely stable, so the hot sauce doesn't destroy them anyway. It's not just hot sauce, but that's one potent source.
&gt;Not sure if you are familiar with how PubMed works, but it (mostly) links to the abstract. This is a good starting point. I have full access to all these papers in apparent contrast to yourself. I'm just making fun of your mobile links and the fact that you clearly just did a keyword search rather than vetting these papers to illustrate your point. It's pretty entertaining to see you pretend like you know what you're doing. What's your job bud? Retired even? Clearly ain't science. &gt;I have nothing for you. Yes, rather true. &gt;Nothing bizarre about it. Pretty simple actually. This discussion was about the accuracy of VAERS reporting. Is it off by 1% or 1000%. We don't know because it is guess. No it's not. You want to make it into that, but that's really not relevant at all to your lead in. So, yes, it's quite bizarre because it continually betrays the fact you have no idea how the regulatory system works on any level. You also apparently lack some pretty fundamental English proficiency as well. &gt;Yes there is. Read the link. You seem to think so, but it's not. Which link? The one to the grant overview? Link the paper or get lost. &gt;"The system?" Oh you mean the same company that makes the vaccine that does the "safety testing" then makes millions (or billions) selling it? You are pretending that is the extent of the damage. The extent of the damage is the marketing of a product? You're not making any sense. &gt;Then when it goes to market we have no idea how many AE there are, and someone makes a guess based on what the company with the conflict of interest reported. Garbage is right. We do...that's what clinical trials are for. Your lack of critical thinking doesn't mean the system is broken. &gt;You are defending companies that brain damage children. That's the delusion you're convinced of, yes. &gt;I didn't say anything about eating aluminum, but for once you actually got something right making things up. About Aluminum. That's **your quote**. These are **your** words. Are you senile? &gt;&gt;If you think eating aluminum is bad, just think what happens when it’s injected and bypasses the normal protective biological barriers. You wrote that. Get a grip. --- Then the bad link spam. * First one is a Shaw paper. In continuing the poor research, he correlates vaccine uptake with ASD rates. Anyone can do this if you manipulate scale properly. Fig 1 pretty much illustrates that story. Without any hypothesis testing there's nothing to talk about here. * The rest are blog posts. Who gives a shit? I talk to /u/vaccinepapers regularly and he has no clue what he's talking about. If you want to see his strikeouts I can link you to those threads. We're up to a good couple now. Starts out strong, then ends up with less and less substantial comments as he uses up the usual schlock. A bit like you're doing. Post papers or just go away. But at least we found the script you're reading from! I've seen it and it's a bad one already. But let's play it out for fun, shall we?
&gt; You are proven liar. &gt; &gt; Convicted in a court of law, it would seem. &gt;Physicians for Informed Consent Finds MMR Vaccine Causes Seizures in 5,700 U.S. Children Annually And do you know how they found out? Get this: **rate determination and extrapolation to doses given out**. Imagine that. &gt;The results showed that seizures from the MMR vaccine occur in about 1 in 640 children up to two weeks following MMR vaccination. Applying this risk of seizures to the 3.64 million U.S. children vaccinated with a first dose of MMR every year results in about 5,700 annual MMR-vaccine seizures. Congratulations--we have now shown that detection rates are a red herring for AEs with known occurrence rates. Your own source does exactly what I told you about. Oof. But this is taking too much at face value. If you want to talk about those findings, link the paper, not a press release.
&gt;I'm so glad you are going to keep this up. This thread could be a great resource for lots of nurses on here! Nobody is going to read this thread but the mods. You're deluding yourself if you think otherwise. &gt;We have shown that we can estimate the detection rate for this one adverse event, not for all of them. You are just *so* close. OK, so what makes this one AE so special that we can't determine the rate for the others? Any ideas? &gt;Great logic It's not great logic. It's terrible logic. &gt;you are proven liar I prefer 'convicted liar'. Please address me properly. &gt;Did you know....There is a Causal relationship between vaccine induced immunity and autism That's probably the worst attempt at miming a scientific publication I've seen in a long time. But let's play a game since I have an idea. What is figure 2 of the paper you just linked? &gt;More reading If you don't have a point to make I won't read these. But I see you're citing the Geiers, which is funny.
Is he a troll at that point? That's just too ridiculous
&gt; Your posts are actually very predictable. &gt; &gt; Thank you. I notice you didn't tell me what figure 2 was of your paper. You did read it...didn't you? It illustrates your point so you would have to read it, right? What's figure 2, buddy? You know what PubMed is after all so you're a real pro.
That might not matter or be possible: &gt;At this point, it's not clear whether the changes in gut bacteria seen in patients with fibromyalgia are simply markers of the disease or whether they play a role in causing it. If it's not causal, then changing it will either be impossible and fruitless (e.g. temporary and/or ineffectual).
I'm not sure how everyone is spinning that as anything but added control. That accounts for quite a bit of variance.
I agree it can be a really big boon on both fronts
It's possible the changes have no impact whatsoever and are merely fingerprints of a specific condition. For instance Crohns is roughly speaking a heightened response to normal flora. I'm sure there will be significant differences in flora between healthy and diseased subjects. But changing microflora isn't the causative factor. It might be akin to picking weeds at the bottom of a dried lake. Only dried lakes have them, but picking them won't make the lake fill up again. The microbiome is very dynamic and responsive. I'm sure there are many conditions where the composition is causal or a factor in a disease. But there are probably many more where the contribution is ancillary or null and we're merely finding floral states that thrive in our diseased gut. That still can be an invaluable diagnostic tool, though.
Yes, I quoted that
Yep, it would be, in my opinion, a really good shot at sniffing out either unappreciated factors to the disease or causality itself. And of course the diagnosis angle, which they look like they have a good start on with their AI training.
For any number of known or unknown reasons. There are plenty of plausible, sensible ideas which are flat wrong.
It's not a crazy idea, just unproven
Most if not all oral medication will do so I'd imagine. That doesn't mean the changes are significant.
I'm talking about temporary microbiome changes. The microbiome could have absolutely zero impact on symptoms. If it does, though, that'd be pretty fantastic.
&gt; We can all use bold. &gt; #Sage words. And by that I mean, obviously, that's how markdown comment systems work. &gt;It is fun how you deny science. How would you know? You haven't read it. &gt;From u/YouNeverLeft Blah blah blah, who cares what he has to say? I'm surprised you even read what their comment says given your track record. Your script kinda unravels when it turns out the closest you got to reading anything was CTL+C and CTL+V on html links. Skip to the next part. I want to hear more about how you make "anti-bodies" from "intermuscular" injections. Also tell me more about the internal machinations of this grandoise conspiracy you've unraveled from the, uh, "reading".
Cheddar was predicted to be very dark, what we'd call black today. That wasn't sensationalized. Edit: Alright you salty boys, downvote all you want, here you go: &gt;&gt;Cheddar Man is predicted to have had dark or dark to black skin, blue/green eyes and dark brown possibly black hair https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/267443v1.full
There's been several trials for EBV vaccines which have mostly fallen flat on their face. Some promising stuff being done at NIH, though. These are big viruses. Despite being related they have a lot of different moving parts and complicated lifecycles.
It's called [bike shedding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_triviality). People don't understand Parkinson's but they can understand this link to the microbiome, no matter how specious or untested it is. Also plays on one's (apparent) element of control over this outcome.
&gt;But the study suggests that a good gut biome that reduces inflammation would lower the risk of Parkinson’s The study doesn't suggest that. The authors mention this hypothesis in their discussion, but the results and data don't touch on this. &gt;and since probiotics are a massive part of a healthy non-inflammatory gut biome, it could be said that they would have a positive effect. You could hypothesize that, but it would be in addition to the above assumption and is another layer of complexity to tease out.
Other studies have looked into and proposed what you've suggested (in a sense). &gt;I guess another study would be needed to see if the gut could be used to stop the protein from going to the brain. Yes. This study just cut the nerve and demonstrated that this protein can travel to the brain through it. Not that it's the only way PD happens and so forth. It does provide a mechanistic tie-in for the microbiota angles as you would generally be asking *how* that could happen. This is one part of the 'how'.
&gt; Framing it as anti-vax vs pro-vax is a red herring. &gt; &gt; Well you're hitting all the anti-vaxx notes in the title. You mention following gov employees blindly (despite the objective and transparent presentation of data showing benefit, which you then quote later on). You mention aluminum adjuvanted flu vaccines (despite no flu vaccine having aluminum in it) and aluminum is the boogeyman de jure of anti-vaxxers. And in a comment you say that a healthy lifestyle is better than a 29% VE which is yet another anti-vaxxer talking point.
Yep. 60% efficacy on the majority of isolates.
40-60% when it works. Lately it's been dragged down by the strain that was problematic this season as well. It's an average of several working components.
&gt; My sister-in-law's sister died due to complications due to the vaccine and won their lawsuit against the manufacturer of gardasil for not listing some severe side effects that caused her death. &gt; &gt; They did not sue the manufacturer. They sued the NVICP. Merck wasn't found negligible.
No worries. &gt;There are others now suing Merck due to potential fraud based around the gardasil vaccine and I mixed up my research. What fraud accusations are these?
FDA makes indications for drugs (vaccines). This now means that it is not off-label use for that age group. CDC then makes recommendations (via ACIP) but this necessarily has to happen after FDA makes the greenlight for safety. So you could have gotten it prior, for instance, if a doctor was willing to give it to you off-label. That means it won't be covered by insurance and of course doesn't have the safety of on-label usage necessarily.
Rabies is only ever given as a post-exposure prophylactic. Shingles is another example, but does not cure, only minimizes disease.
None.
There are long term studies. You're reading one. You just don't consider it to be a long term study based on whatever conception you have of long term. You think they release a vaccine *without* prior testing? This is 13 years of post-market observation, in addition to over a decade of pre-clinical work and clinical trials. It's interesting your initial comment is "is there long term studies" and then here you've arrived at "there are no long term studies, I am not comfortable with this". The problem here is you, not the vaccine.
That's what anti-vaxxers would like to trumpet, yes.
HBV is another which is a post-exposure curative. So that and rabies at least.
Easy answer: the loaded assumption in that question is simply wrong. There are no bad faith uncertainties behind the vaccine. If there were, you could sue Merck. If you want a more general answer on NVICP and its role, we can also talk about that.
I'm hearing a lot of talking points from them right here as well as the usual dose of straight up misinformation (lies). I talk with them basically every day, so I'd know as much.
You eat tons of it every day in all food without any consequence, yes.
DNA is an excipient in vaccines, minus live vaccines. That means the above OP is gnashing of teeth over trace amounts which cannot be guaranteed to be absent. Blood will have *way* more than a vaccine. Plus the massive volume disparity
&gt; Which is why they give a few million dollars to families of victims that died or had permanent damage from gardasil. "they" being the US government, not Merck. But you knew that from a quick google search, right? &gt;They truly care! The public health machine of the US does, hence the payouts and vaccine taxes that fund them. But woe is you! No legitimate discussions to be had about vaccines anymore!
&gt;Well good news, you can choose to stop being ignorant anytime you like! Then what's your excuse? &gt;All you have to do is go to a search engine and type "gardasil court cases" or "gardasil horror stories". Surely you did that before posting right? Yawn. I've heard this one before. What's your point, or am I supposed to do that research for you?
&gt; This is a ridiculous statement..... No it's not. The strawman you made is, though. &gt;You can't be pro vaccine and ask about side effects of gardasil? Of course you can--I never said anything of the sort like you are implying. Either you lack reading comprehension or you're disingenuous. I think it might actually be a two-fer. &gt;You have to approve of all vaccines no questions asked or no vaccines at all? Maybe in the military. In the real world, no, that's fine. &gt;Quit trumpeting your brain washed narratives and learn to think for yourself. Blah blah blah. What happened to those links you were supposed to blow my mind with?
Thanks bud I really respect and appreciate your input.
Always funny how many people with degrees faceplant promptly when giving their even-handed spiel on why we should actually not like GMOs via tangents.
That's not really referencing my point about your comment. You talk about cfDNA in relationship to circulating, in serum DNA. This would not happen with a vaccine--it is not injected into your bloodstream. The second part is getting on track and is why DNA is an excipient during the manufacturing process. But you still have the disconnect between what you're talking about with respect to cfDNA and how any amount of DNA, if present in the vaccine would possibly represent that concern. As an aside, CpG is being used as an adjuvant in many vaccine development currently.
It's definitely a technology problem, not a prediction problem.
&gt; Almost every year the flu vaccine is very ineffective/useless. Look it up. &gt; &gt; How about you. The vaccine efficacy is posted every year, and this year it was 29% effective. That's not terrible.
Mostly because of the underlying technology problems in terms of both production speed and the nature of the protection afforded. All the issues stem from that, which itself stems from an immune system problem. If we could engender robust protection the idea of predicting strains wouldn't be a large concern. Minor changes in the virus shouldn't be able to shirk off the bulk of one's immunity
&gt; It's terrible most years. This isn't a one-off fluke &gt; &gt; No it's not. Go ahead and post the years you're referencing and the 10 year average. &gt;29% is certainly fucking terrible if the side-effects of the vaccine are setting up people for major health issues in the future and amplifying clown world. That's a bit of goal post moving there bud. 29% is 29%. That's not bad. If you have a beef with side effects, go ahead and list them and their frequency.
&gt; Lol, moving the goal posts? Typical vaccines are 85-95%+ effective. That's the goal post retard. &gt; &gt; You just brought up side effects in context of 29% VE to justify your bad characterization of the vaccine's efficacy. Unless it's 0%, or unless there are some pretty bad side effects, any non-zero number is *good*. &gt;Are you one of those low iq AOC types? How the fuck do you expect someone to list long term health effects for chemicals that government decrees to be promoted to be injected into people without long-term studies having first being conducted? Well assuming they exist, with relative ease. There are of course studies verifying the safety of everything in these vaccines. Your lack of understanding on the process doesn't make your conspiracies valid. Since that was basically the crux of your entire comment I figured you could conjure up *something* rather than freak out at the slightest pushback. &gt;Have you been following the Roundup controversy? Have you managed to relate that to this conversation? &gt;Incidentally, there's actually traces of glyphosate in the MMR vaccine...with no prospect for organic glyphosate free MMR to be available anytime soon. It's fucking insane what's going on. No there's not. That's just what you lap up because it validates your inane lack of critical thinking.
&gt; I posted a direct link to the paper talking about your questions. Apparently, you didn't read it. &gt; &gt; It's a commentary paper with no primary data. I don't care what Seneff has to say or her hypothesis. I want to see them tested. You act like it's proven. Apparently *you* didn't read it. &gt;Organic animal products meaning not contaminated with glyphosate in this context Has nothing to do with it being organic or not. Glyphosate doesn't contaminate vaccines. The ingredients you listed aren't even used in flu vaccine production, except for one brand which is rather small. If you want to moan about glyphosate in vaccines, you picked *the* worst one to illustrate your point.
Preliminary results, yes. Great for H1N1, not for H3N2.
H3N2, 3C.3a. Edit: It should be noted this is *not* the strain that's setting records in Australia, which is also H3N2 but 3C.2a1. /u/sirt6 Edit2: If you're interested, see this poorly made gif [here](https://imgur.com/4DIJYK2) about the rise of 3C.3a.
Probably a long while. The problem is actually our immune system more than the vaccine, and we need new tech to patch that issue. For the meantime, flu will continue to exploit that niche, possibly more so every year. H3N2 is the most human adapted flu we've ever seen and far more diverse than any other current flavors. Edit: I mean, if the fact that in less than 12 months H3N2 is setting records *again* tells you we have some big problems, more than just the vaccine is accountable for. That's more than just antigenic drift
It's the genetic clade or lineage within the H3N2 grouping
It's the more deadly between that and H1N1. H1N1 is actually rather mild in terms of mortality. H3N2 is always brings the worse seasons between the two. That might change as H1N1 stabilizes more in humans, but who knows really
Maybe stop huffing to make yourself feel better
Did you read the article? Do you know what miRNA is?
&gt;no I didn't read your article Well it will clear up your confusion. I also have a brief explanation elsewhere in this thread
It's just the nature of the virus behavior in the natural reservoir and spillover species. H7N9 is the most striking example. https://www.cell.com/action/showPdf?pii=S1931-3128%2810%2900172-1 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19618626 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29192677
Well, yes, that's discussed in the papers I linked you.
&gt; A virus subtype is considered HPAI when it kills a certain percentage of infected birds and due to the change in the cleavage site, not the tropism. There's no real *sine qua non* of HPAI/LPAI distinction anymore. The closest would be HA cleavage site, though this type of activation can be achieved without a polybasic site (e.g. 1918) or even an HA specific change (e.g. WSN). It also would be just 'pathogenicity' although as I've said there's often a species specific difference. Normally it's with reference to domestic species vs wild waterfowl. &gt;Again this isn't anything to do with the receptor binding site for avians as it is the cleavage site which activates the HA. I don't think I've ever brought up HA receptor specificity. &gt;I've linked down below a few resources where HPAI is in wild avian birds and causes significant morbidity and mortality to the species. I don't think you've read the papers I've linked then, because there is a distinction in tropism (systemic vs GI) and virulence by species. While HPAI can be virulent in some wild species, this isn't really true for the native reservoirs and mostly spillovers. With very few exceptions HPAI develops or manifests in domesticated poultry, not wild bird colonies. You can point to specific exceptions if you'd like--I'm aware of them--but that doesn't really negate the general trends we've seen. &gt;You are incorrect in saying this is about tropism since the tropism does not change from its fecal-oral/gi for avian influenza and it infects the same cell types. I don't see how you can say that given this is very much what we actually see. I've linked to resources saying as much. The HPAI cleavage site is a necessary factor for expanding tissue tropism since it removes the need for tissue secreted tyrpsin-like proteases and instead allows for processing of golgi-resident furin-like proteases. I think you know this, so I'm surprised you would say it wouldn't lead to expanded tissue tropism. This is also the case for HPAI in humans, which, incidentally, was determined in part by using [tenOever's miRNA tissue restriction method](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5362246/) which you've been skeptical towards. &gt;HPAI will kill large populations of wild birds it is not just about domestication. What tropism are you referring to exactly? It's not *just* about domestication, though changes in behavior begin and end around there in many cases. Expanded tissue tropism and ultimately systemic spread in domesticated poultry. To a lesser extent the same is true for humans as well. In general, see [this review](https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/10.1098/rstb.2018.0257) for a pretty comprehensive one-stop-shop.
&gt; I think you are widely overestimating the ability for an miRNA target to be so species specific, many of these are at least somewhat conserved. I haven't actually made an estimate at all, so I don't know how you are suggesting this. &gt;Again as this person was initially asking this isn't a matter of engineering a virus to kill a specific species of bird this would be about how you would prevent infection in a species and you'd need to administer it in order to do so. No, they very much were talking about potential engineering of the strain. They explicitly said so.
&gt;ok you said that by way of miRNA you could simply use species specificity to make it only work for certain avian species. Was not that oversimplifying the prospect of both a conserved miRNA specific to only certain species that would be unaffected. Yeah, you probably could. It's not oversimplyifying anything. That's just the strategy I proposed. &gt;And yes it was about the virus you are proposing, which engineering aspects are you making in the virus to use your miRNA target? You going to add another gene to the virus, mutate an existing one? Well, like the article I linked and my comment explaining it, you could just put the miRNA target in your engineered segments of your liking. &gt;or are you going to use an entirely new vector? I guess you could, but that defeats the question of how to achieve this with an avian influenza virus. &gt;How do you abrogate NS1 protein in flu which evades the immune system for about 24 hours making the host cells entirely unaware of infection? You wouldn't need to. Essentially none is packaged into particles, and no transcription is occurring to produce any of it to begin with. This strategy isn't using any host antiviral programs at all as mammals don't use miRNA to fight viruses like plants do.
&gt;I think you think HPAI exists in wild aquatic reservoirs as normal pathogenicity and then it gets picked up by domesticated poultry and suddenly becomes HPAI. Is that what you are saying? That the polybasic cleavage site simply only creates high pathogenicity in all species but aquatic avian species? Well, yes that is what happens, excusing the confusing use of terminology here. That's entirely the model for HPAI development. Though it seems you're confusing the difference between LPAI and HPAI development and potential for reverse zoonotic transmission back to waterfowl. &gt;Even though I've linked publications detailing exactly opposite. You haven't. I'll quote one abstract you sent my way, since I'm not entirely sure you've read them with any 'good faith' here: &gt;&gt;By experimentally infecting wild ducks, we found that tufted ducks, Eurasian pochards, and mallards excreted significantly more virus than common teals, Eurasian wigeons, and gadwalls; yet only tufted ducks and, to a lesser degree, pochards became ill or died. These findings suggest that some wild duck species, particularly mallards, can potentially be long-distance vectors of highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (H5N1) and that others, particularly tufted ducks, are more likely to act as sentinels. If you aren't familiar with the literature on this matter and not willing to read any, I'm not exactly sure what you're hoping to accomplish here. While you can clearly read a paper and pick up some parts, you're either entirely focused on trying to win an argument or various keywords that you consistently drop critical points along the way. You've pretty confused on just basics here and apparently unwilling to read my comments or the literature I or even you provide. If you had a willingness to actually have a discussion or even learn I'd be willing to explain where you're confused. But there doesn't seem to be any of that here to work with.
I'm a little confused. They seem very dyed-in-the-wool anti-GMO, but they're crossposting university press releases which aren't going to be of the conspiracy flavor. What's the rationalization here?
Interesting
I imagine they'll burn out pretty soon or that they're potentially unwell mentally, sadly
I mostly just passively observe GE related science and its discussion. If it were vaccines I'd probably show up, but, meh, not my cross to bear these days. I appreciate the invite though.
There are hundreds of cold viruses, and a handful of circulating flu viruses. Immunity isn't binary and is quite complex. Responses to different viruses vary greatly, and your past virus history, age, and other factors create quite a mosaic among the population. In short there isn't one answer, and none that applies to both types of virus. Importantly, it's also not fully understood. While you've heard a lot about the ever-changing nature of flu viruses, this doesn't fully (or even satisfactorily) explain repeat infections to the degree it's emphasized. This is stated with far more confidence than should be the case, and almost always with little to no support for such an idea.
Lyme disease does have chronic sequelae. Simply stating that there aren't chronic active infections is a non-sequitur at this point. https://www.cdc.gov/lyme/postlds/index.html
No, just that the term has no real concrete meaning as stated so arguing it doesn't exist is pointless. It's splitting hairs at best and ignorant conflation of terms at worse
You couldn't be more obviously wrong. I'm saying the term should be completely abandoned for clear and precise language, rather than one with a history of baggage. Revisit [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/GMOMyths/comments/ejo6yn/happy_2020/fczee47/).
I would have thought it went without saying that's obviously one example, considering I already introduced the CDC explanation of the term and condition. But it depends on what you or anyone else is actually trying to refer to. I get the feeling you're not actually here to have a discussion
I'm not because Chronic Lyme is ambiguous. We've been through this. It depends what you mean by "Chronic Lyme". If I made some assumption about what you mean when you say CLD, then I could potentially conflate it with other ideas. Hence why it shouldn't be used, again, as we've been through this. Just stop.
TB vaccination has never been conducted in the US, so the decrease for this disease can't be due to the vaccine. I'd also add that I think some of these numbers aren't really comparable. For example, every child gets measles at one point or another prior to vaccination being widespread. The 530,000 number you're referencing was on reported cases (not an estimated annual average of all cases) and therefore is beyond all doubt a lower bound for annual cases. By contrast, we know the numbers for chickenpox are quite accurate being the vaccine was introduced in modernity with a robust reporting system and such. You'll probably have to dig for actual academic estimates to get more accurate case counts on the "before" end of things for older vaccine preventable diseases, or perhaps adjust for cases per 100,000 due to substantial population changes from, for example, the 1960's to 1990's. Edit: Your smallpox numbers look very light as well, but vaccination and variolation are so old this will be really tough to nail down.
&gt;Chronic Lyme always means an active infection that persists after a standard antibiotic treatment. That's one hypothesis and meaning of CLD, but by no means the only one. &gt;PTLDS means symptoms persisting after the infection has been eliminated. PTLDS is defined in the link by the CDC I already provided you. It's a bit weird to see you give your own take on it since there presumably wouldn't be any confusion after reading that link. Problem is, the definition you've just provided is a bit speculative and deviates from PTLDS as defined by the CDC. It *could* be that there are no active Borrelia after antibiotic treatment, or it could be they're just difficult to detect. PTLDS simply refers to the syndromic set of symptoms which occurs after acute infection and treatment, and importantly which is *not* further alleviated with antibiotic treatment. The mechanisms for its occurrence and persistence aren't known.
If the blight was a virus, then it's basically trivial to cure it. That's 90's tech (that isn't marketable). If it's not...then you're not out of the woods. For comparison, citrus greening disease has had hundreds of millions of dollars thrown at it by the USDA alone with literally nothing to show for it aside from the ever-increasing decimation of citrus production.
You have to actually look at the brand. Their are multiple brands which do have differences. You want at minimum a quadrivalent brand (4 strains) and preferably anything cell based (Flublok / Flucelvax). But I'd be *amazed* if Costco or Walmart had either of those brands. Plus those are expensive without insurance, but they are at least better.
Take the Flucelvax then.
There's no evidence vitamin C impacts the course of influenza, except in cases of malnutrition.
Those aren't comparable groups or dosing regiments, and in fact they change treatment in the test group pending symptom onset. So this is poor design which can't be used to support that idea, unfortunately. &gt;My guess is that dosing to bowel tolerance hasn’t been studied except anecdotally by practitioners using it. Most certainly. The other link you supported has a section at the bottom which is dedicated to apologetics on why this type of treatment *cannot* be studies with standard randomized controlled trials. This being false, anyone suggesting that is a hack. &gt;It certainly seems to be helping me, That's the beauty of placebo!
Honestly the more you look at the methodology there the worse it gets. Plus the paper was clearly not a scientific endeavor from the outset. The authors talk about recent laws in the discussion, which is pretty hilarious actually. They're both chiropractors out of Utah (at the time), but the study was conducted in Chile, somehow, with no other authors credited.
They're literally vaccines. By any and all definitions.
Primary article here: https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/adhm.201901176?af=R
China has already instituted poultry vaccination, but that's not what this product is for.
They never are
Most vaccines are injected, and most commonly intramuscularly, specifically the deltoid. This is unequivocally *not* to the bloodstream. None are given intravenously.
Have you *ever* had a vaccine? It's usually in the deltoid muscle of your arm. People probably downvoted because this comes off as disingenuous/sarcastic.
It's not really a reasonable question. Since no IV vaccines exist, and they are routinely given to every child and adult, the fact that you asked if they were normally IV is rather outlandish. It's not really surprising everyone assumed you were just spewing an anti-vaxx talking point. If you don't really want to self-reflect, then I suppose you could pout about a couple downvotes instead.
"The flu" is a specific disease--influenza--of which the causative agent is only the influenza virus. "A cold" is a disease group which many viruses can cause, though the "cold virus" is rhinovirus since it's the majority cause of colds. You could even have allergies that are confused with colds, though ultimately the semantics here aren't informative for the disease or their agents. "The flu" derives from "la grippe", even used to be called "the grip" in English, and ultimately Italian for "influence". It's just the name of the specific ailment and has just been referred to as such because...language.
Transcript available from promedmail.org: --- Preliminary progress in pathogen identification of unexplained viral pneumonia in Wuhan Original title: Experts say that the new coronavirus is an unknown cause of viral pneumonia in Wuhan ---------------------------------- A few days ago, on the issue of the pathogenic identification of unexplained viral pneumonia epidemic in Wuhan, the reporter interviewed Xu Jianguo, the leader of the preliminary assessment of pathogenic test results and a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. He said that the expert group believed that the pathogen of this unexplained case of viral pneumonia was initially determined to be a new coronavirus. **Question 1:** At present, what progress has been made in the pathogenic identification of unexplained viral pneumonia in Wuhan? **Xu Jianguo [response]:** As of 21:00 on [7 Jan 2020], a new coronavirus was detected in the laboratory, and the entire genome sequence of the virus was obtained. A total of 15 positive results of the new coronavirus were detected by nucleic acid detection methods. From 1 positive patient. The virus was isolated from the samples and showed a typical coronavirus appearance under an electron microscope. The expert group believes that the pathogen of this unexplained case of viral pneumonia was initially identified as a new type of coronavirus. **Question 2:** How is the pathogen identification carried out? **Xu Jianguo [response]:** The tissue laboratory used genomic sequencing, nucleic acid detection, virus isolation and other methods to perform pathogenic tests on patients' alveolar lavage fluid, throat swabs, blood and other samples. **Question 3:** What procedures are needed to identify the pathogen? **Xu Jianguo [response]:** To confirm the cause of an epidemic disease, usually the following points must be met: (1) Suspicious pathogens must be found in patients, and pathogenic nucleic acids can be detected in clinical samples of patients; (2) From clinical samples of patients The pathogen can be successfully isolated; (3) The isolated pathogen can cause the same disease symptoms after infecting the host animal. The patient's serum antibody titer during the recovery period increased 4-fold, which can help identify the pathogen. Finding the nucleic acid, genomic and antibody evidence of the pathogen from the patient can be done in a short time. Scientific research, such as pathogen isolation and pathogenicity identification, can take weeks. The development of specific drugs and vaccines against a new pathogen may take years to complete. **Question 4:** What is the next step? **Xu Jianguo [response]:** The expert group believes that the pathogen of this unexplained case of viral pneumonia is initially determined as a new type of coronavirus. The next step is to conduct expert research and judgement in combination with etiology research, epidemiological investigation and clinical manifestations. **Question 5:** What is a coronavirus? **Xu Jianguo [response]:** Coronavirus is a type of pathogen that mainly causes respiratory and intestinal diseases. There are many regularly arranged protrusions on the surface of this type of virus particle, and the entire virus particle is like an emperor's crown, hence the name "coronavirus". In addition to humans, coronaviruses can infect many mammals such as pigs, cattle, cats, dogs, marten, camels, bats, mice, hedgehogs, and various birds. So far, there are 6 known human coronaviruses. Four of these coronaviruses are more common in the population and are less pathogenic, generally causing only minor respiratory symptoms similar to the common cold. The other 2 coronaviruses - Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus, also known as SARS Coronavirus and MERS Coronavirus, can cause severe respiratory diseases. The new coronavirus that caused the epidemic is different from the human coronaviruses that have been discovered, and further understanding of the virus requires further scientific research. [Editor: Zhang Yuling Responsible editor: Wang Jingdong] [Byline: Qu Ting]
"Flu season" is not actually universal! In equatorial regions with minimal seasonality transmission is more or less constant throughout the year. This is because the driving factor is primarily weather, but human behavior is a significant driver as well. Transmission itself is the successful end to a very multi-dimensional process and flu in particular is affected greatly by humidity and temperature. Certain relative humidity and temperature combinations maximize transmission efficiency. Exactly why this happens is not entirely understood. Other respiratory viruses don't necessarily share this trait. For instance rhinoviruses, the major cause of colds, are not seasonal and relatively constant throughout the year.
&gt;For those of us who believe that warnings of a ruinous climate crisis are at least overblown, the fading of the American anti-GMO movement is somewhat heartening. GMO hysteria and climate alarmism are similar in a number of ways. They’re issues that allow activists to broadcast their virtue and pose as saviors of the planet. They both fit nicely into an anti-American, anti-capitalist framework. And they’re both fueled by emotion instead of reason. &gt;Climate data is, alas, a bit murkier than reproducible experimental data on genetically modified crops. And there are no broadly esteemed public figures ready to come forth and champion a sober assessment of global-warming claims. But all public panics die out at some point. What's with this weird climate commentary at the end? It comes off as a total non-sequitur.
&gt;How exactly does getting the flu vaccine prevent the spread of the flu as apposed to being a preventative measure for oneself? ... I understand that the flu shot is ONE way to protect yourself from the flu, but how does it protect others? Because these are intrinsically linked concepts. If you don't get the virus, you can't transmit it. If you can't transmit it, you are not a threat to others. Similarly, if you are *less likely* to get the flu, you are *less likely* to transmit it and *on average* less people get the virus overall. While most every response you've given is "but you can still get it" or "you can still transmit it without symptoms" it's worth pointing out that you are *less likely* to get it, more likely to have reduced symptoms, and symptoms are generally correlated with the propensity to transmit the virus. Conceptually, check out the bottom of [my old comment](https://old.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/elan0t/could_minimal_exposure_to_the_flu_virus_help_the/fdgo3hh/) to see how you can capture this idea in a meaningful way. Yes, there are two possibilities: transmitting or not. But the probability of each and extrapolating on the whole population is what you're having trouble visualizing and where the effect of vaccination is most powerful. This is ultimately just the concept of herd immunity.
&gt;I'm just thinking, "Okay, lets say I start work on X mechanism... but how can I be sure that someone isn't already doing this exact thing and is further along than I am?" Until they hit some step where there's public disclosure....you really won't know. That's also the whole point, too. They keep their cards very close to the chest intentionally.
&gt; The flu shot contains the strains that are predicted to be the most prevalent of the season.. in small amounts, the flu virus is inserted in your body.. your immune system responds, and fights off the strains that were injected into your body. Once it is able to fight it off, you form an immunity to the selected strains of the virus. &gt; &gt; But, this leaves me with my question, is the virus still in the body, even in smaller amounts, and can you transmit it to others? Or is it completely removed from your system to where you can't spread it at all? &gt; &gt; ​ There is no whole virus in the vaccine, so there is no replication or transmission of the vaccine virus.
&gt; Honestly it is wired that they are giving this vaccine on day 1 No it's not. &gt;and I see no reason to give it at birth Noted, but this isn't a reason to delay it from birth. There's no substance in this comment.
&gt; Honestly it is wired that they are giving this vaccine on day 1 To belabor the point that this is a pretty vapid comment: &gt;&gt;Universal HepB vaccination of all infants beginning at birth provides a critical safeguard and prevents infection among infants born to HBsAg-positive mothers not identified prenatally (e.g., in situations where the mother was not tested or when testing, interpretation, or transcription errors occurred). &gt;&gt;Approximately 88% of commercially insured women and 84% of Medicaid-enrolled women are tested for HBsAg during pregnancy (27). In one study of a large health system in northern California, 93% of HBsAg-positive pregnant women were tested for HBV DNA (28). Most (94.9%) infants born to infected women receive recommended prophylaxis within 12 hours of birth (29). &gt;&gt;Universal HepB vaccine birth dose coverage, defined as 1 dose of vaccine administered by 3 days of life, is 71.1% (30), an increase from 50.1% during 2003–2005 prior to revised ACIP recommendations for the birth dose before hospital discharge (31), but below the Healthy People 2020 target of 85% (32). So we have [three good reasons](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/67/rr/rr6701a1.htm). First, through failure to identify Hep B positive mothers through two different mechanisms, and for compliance reasons (the baby *is* right there, after all). Now the UK does it differently. They have both a different healthcare/insurance system, and they also use a hexavalent vaccine rather than monovalent Hep B vaccines. That's two levels of incongruent comparisons, and no particular substantive reason to delay other than if you support lower compliance rates and increased testing failure risks. But, hey, glad you see no issue with it.
&gt; How does the hexavalent vaccine and the insurance system matter? Different vaccine, different indications and schedules. Obviously insurance system will affect antenatal care and screenings, which affect the risk/benefit analysis for something like the Hep B vaccine (which, again, is not the same as the vaccine you're mentioning in the UK). It's just a different healthcare system. That there are different immunization schedules isn't particularly surprising or even necessarily meaningful. &gt;Aren't babies particularly sensitive when they are first borne? The vaccine is tolerated fine, so I dunno what else this would imply that's worth addressing. &gt;I was thinking that it makes more sense not to give unneeded vaccines or medications on the first day of life just to improve compliance It's not "unneeded" on day 1 any more than day 60 or day 600. You derive more benefit from earlier vaccination by definition. It also improves compliance because you already have started the schedule, informed the parents, and can test the mother. &gt;although if there are testing errors I can understand this That and screening insufficiencies, etc. &gt;Why are you always so hostile? Why are you always quick to make sweeping and uninformed judgments? I've just got no patience for such nonsense, and if you have any intellectual honesty then you'll grit your teeth, take the lumps where you've earned them, and be better for it. You might benefit from reading about this: https://www.immunize.org/catg.d/p2130.pdf
&gt; So a retrovirus is the fastest mutating virus there is? No. RNA and retroviruses are in the area of the fastest zone. At this level the distinction doesn't matter much and is in the same order of magnitude for many viruses. It was once thought that retroviruses were highly mutagenic even compared to RNA viruses because of poor in vitro conditions for their reverse transcriptase, combined with sequencing errors and other artifacts of the 90's.
I think lymphocyte could refer to any B, T, or NK cell. Maybe certain effector cells can be differentiated on morphology alone (I guess plasma cells), but the terminology seems very ambiguous. It sounds like some sort of clinical shorthand for morphologies that can't distinguish any further in the lineage.
...that's kinda why the question is bad, ain't it? There are two correct answers and the difference visually is almost non-existent.
Nah all good bud I was just trying to make sure I wasn't missing something.
Then you last checked 5 years ago.
Not entirely surprising but truly unfortunate nonetheless
Sounds like total bullshit, sorry
&gt;It seems almost all the research involves some ties to the manufacturers in some capacity. While there's plenty, what's this supposed to mean exactly? Unless they're authors on the paper they have zero input into the paper. There's plenty of academic work in this arena. This is sort of like asking for vaccine research without "ties to industry" and then concluding there's no "independent" research to demonstrate efficacy or safety of, e.g., Gardasil. Be specific in what you're talking about. You've used about the vaguest terms possible.
Sepsis is life threatening. If he had sepsis for any extended period of time, let alone 15 years, he'd have been dead a long, long time ago. You should get a second or third opinion if you think they're overlooking something, but it isn't sepsis that's lasted 15 years.
From 15 years ago? Absolutely not, he'd be dead. It's a life or death thing that either kills you or you get over. It doesn't stick around.
I can't answer that one. If you think you have those signs you should get checked by your PCP who knows your medical history
Historically sepsis has been an effective death sentence, with very few survivors. So it's not too surprising that initially after bringing survival rates up post-septic symptoms would not have been known to be due to the septic event itself. Do you mean something like this? It seems recognized, albeit not necessarily something totally understood or curable. https://www.cdc.gov/sepsis/pdfs/life-after-sepsis-fact-sheet.pdf https://molmed.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s10020-019-0132-z#Sec28 &gt;&gt;Improved outcomes for patients with sepsis, combined with a rise in survivorship, have warranted considerable research and clinical efforts focusing on life during and after sepsis. Recent studies in both mice and humans have found that survivors of sepsis are subject to several categories of complications. The categories of long-term effects of sepsis include immunometabolic, neurocognitive, psychiatric, and physical derangements. These effects lead to increased mortality and severely worsened health-related quality of life. Health care professionals and family members pay a heavy cost—in both money and energy—in caring for these patients with sizable health issues. This period, known as post-sepsis syndrome, is an entity of newfound importance and the subject of much exploration. The current goals of care for patients who survive sepsis include approaches that are effective in early sepsis, controlling pain, agitation, and delirium, and early mobilization. However, there is an unmet need of developing efficient therapeutic strategies specifically tailored towards sepsis survivors. Preclinical research has identified promising new therapeutic targets for preventing and treating the post-sepsis syndrome. The validity of therapeutic approaches successfully indicated in ongoing preclinical research remains to be established in clinical settings.
Primary source [here](http://www.imperial.ac.uk/mrc-global-infectious-disease-analysis/news--wuhan-coronavirus/): &gt;&gt;We estimate that a total of 1,723 cases of 2019-nCoV in Wuhan City (95% CI: 427 – 4,471) had onset of symptoms by 12th January 2020 (the last reported onset date of any case). Which is in stark contrast to the ~50 confirmed cases so far.
Depends on the spectrum of illness it can cause. Right now we don't really know the etiology. If there's a large incidence of mild disease that we likely can't detect easily then the chance is higher.
Exactly the concern, perfect way to put it
How can they possibly spin the yarn that there isn't significant human-human transmission now? Edit: Nevermind, with the new confirmed cases they've demonstrated familial h2h transmission, so we're all on the same page. https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/china-counts-sharp-rise-coronavirus-cases-beijing-68393425
(Relatively) old news but I hadn't seen a phylogenetic tree before. Clusters closely with SARS relative to other coronaviruses.
&gt;It is unclear if this person recently traveled to China, where and how they became infected, and if this person has transmitted the virus to anyone else in the United States. ...great.
Information translated through chrome language options. Includes this bit: &gt;He also clarified that there were 14 cases of transmission to healthcare professionals, and from this point that human-to-human transmission has been confirmed. It will be important to identify if there are also superspreaders as their were/are with SARS and MERS. Also importantly, SARS had a disproportionate amount of nosocomial acquisition with many cases being healthcare workers. Time will tell if Wuhan nCoV will also fit that pattern.
Depends on transmission route. In the case of SARS and perhaps this virus it is through close contact, so not necessarily aerosol. If that's true, then a simple surgical mask would be fine to prevent large droplet spray.
That used to be a direct quote from the article. It was a mere four paragraphs long. I was going to sarcastically comment that maybe it's not worth publishing such useless journalism leads. This was originally published prior to the CDC announcement, as the original article title implies. I guess they updated it with, ya know, actual information once the CDC made that available.
That but unironically
Uh oh
There's little support of that idea and significant support for the opposite.
&gt; The Spanish flu was just an H1N1 strain, which is still common today It's not "just" an H1N1 strain. That describes, in broad generalities, two proteins of the virus. Current H1N1 viruses are descendants of the 1918 virus which was avian and highly virulent. Swine or human origin viruses are far, far more mild than avian viruses. A swine origin virus in 1918 would be a complete joke compared to history as it is.
What? It would absolutely help. &gt;Really only helps the spread of the disease within the respiratory tract That is the only site of flu infection. You are saying it would limit flu infection. There is no other outcome from there except a benefit.
&gt; There's potential/likely underreporting of deaths because China uses a different standard when it comes to deaths. Say one NCIP patient already had COPD and now is dead, based on the "direct cause" it may or may not be counted as NCIP death. &gt; &gt; That's how they've been counted so far. One death had tuberculosis and other complications. Most deaths, except maybe the most recent, were in relatively elderly patients with complications of sorts. The case counts are definitely an underestimate.
&gt;Most modern research into it has shown that it was no more aggressive than any other strain. Totally false. It is extremely virulent like some currently circulating avian strains. It causes immune dysregulation and bacterial pneumonia in almost every fatal case, which was on the order of 0.5-2% of all cases. &gt;And the 1918 strain was a swine flu. No, it was a completely avian strain. I hate to be so blunt, but you are very, very misinformed.
Hopefully indeed
I'm assuming you found out it's an avian virus instead of being swine origin like you said earlier. &gt;&gt;Similarities between a reconstruction of the virus and avian viruses, combined with the human pandemic preceding the first reports of influenza in swine, led researchers to conclude the influenza virus jumped directly from birds to humans, and swine caught the disease from humans. See the picture of the guy working in a lab in your wiki article? He's holding the actual 1918 virus. Below is his paper. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16210530 Your source has no explanation for mortality rates and age distributions outside of warzones, leaving it with exceptionally weak explanatory power. That and, well, it contradicts almost all the literature on the virus and the pandemic it caused.
SARS is gone. It was one type of coronavirus that circulated in animals for a period of time and managed to jump to humans (and be good replicating in us). The spread among people was contained and stopped, and circulation among the original host was not found again. Bird flu is still around, but has never spread well among people in modernity.
Hopefully we'll find out the incubation period and spectrum of disease soon. Either a long incubation period or occasional mild disease will let it spread far and wide, like it might be doing now. What we see is what we've already found out. If a cluster pops up with no known connection to a previous one, that is when I'll be worried about containment.
It's not known how infectious it is. It does seem to be more mild, which overall seems to be helping spread in this case. Anyway, I mentioned MERS because it's more dissimilar but also had superspreaders. That might be the nature of nosocomial or caregiver style spread, though.
Well, infectivity is the measure of how much pathogen it takes to cause an infection. You're referring to how contagious it is, which it likely is more contagious. Once we get a more complete idea of a few transmission events this will come into focus.
It's purely semantics, but just thought I'd point it out. We all are new with this one!
Flu can transmit in warm climates. It does it routinely. &gt;Set the thermostat on 75-80 would probably have greater effect than vaccination. Weird thing to say considering they would work together. It seems like you're trying to go out of your way to explain why the vaccine isn't worth it.
This isn't really true. In general the winter season is beneficial, but this comes down to geography among other things. Equatorial regions can sustain high levels of flu the same as more temperate areas and generally sustain spread throughout the year rather than a single peak. Temperature probably has less of an impact on its own than humidity, though the two are intrinsically linked. You're really overselling this as a mitigator of spread indoors, where climate control is only indirectly affected by the season. Relative humidity, sure, but I think you're barking up the wrong tree with temperature.
Nah, you're just wrong and I'm correcting that information. Reading one little FAQ article hardly covers the bases. This should get you started: * [Temperate vs equatorial burden](https://doi.org/10.1186/s40249-019-0618-5) * [Indoor temperature (high temp is *worse* for respiratory morbidity)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.puhe.2019.09.005) * [Flu and humidity](https://doi.org/10.1098/rsif.2018.0298) * [Global environmental drivers of flu](https://doi.org10.1073/pnas.1607747113) Invest in some humility. It'll do ya good.
Is there any idea what the 3' gene functions are yet?
Emphasis on the 'technically'.
I don't think codon optimization is the best host signature anyway. I think we have near perfect host detection with, say, influenza virus, being able to tell if it's avian, swine, human, etc. And flu doesn't have close to perfect codon optimization for its host. It's probably a pretty ancillary adaption to be honest. What are your thoughts just on the basis of their methods, results notwithstanding?
Ah then I misunderstood what range you were talking about.
Yeah that's what I've seen also. It's hard to estimate with so many unknown cases. If you model that differently you'll get different results. That said, they're pretty congruent on the whole for something ~2.5-3. That might change during the new year or as it adapts.
How recently?
What do you mean "repeat"? Polyprotein just means that multiple proteins are encoded in a single reading frame instead of separate ones.
I think you're a bit mixed up on the details then. There isn't a large repeat making up most of the genome. That's the polymerase protein across two open reading frames. All of the downstream smaller reading frames are in either the first or second reading frame (which splits the large protein at the 5' side). There might be some other repeat of import, but it's not the main polyprotein. I don't have the genome on hand though.
[Here](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/2019-ncov-seqs/?utm_campaign=wuhan_nCoV&amp;utm_source=twitter&amp;utm_medium=referral) is all of the published and available genomes to peruse. Snapgene is good and has a free trial. Benchling also is free assuming you have some sort of university email. Macvector for apple. &gt;im more curious as to how people came to the conclusion that it’s infectious even during incubation and before symptom onset. In one case an asymptomatic man infected 14 healthcare workers during an unrelated visit. I'm sure there are other documented events of that nature now.
&gt;They are basically basing this off of bad numbers Which numbers would these be? &gt;and too little info There's never enough information, especially this early in a situation as this. Doesn't mean these types of estimates and papers are worthless or even incorrect. &gt;and they know it. Everyone is aware of the uncertainty around this situation. What are you pointing out here? Their paper is congruent with other early estimates.
&gt; Numbers are too low (numbers of infections ) and info is still very scarce (on the method of transmission) this makes estimations very poor. &gt; &gt; Did you read the paper? It is estimating true infection numbers as well as rate of spread, incubation time, and so forth. These papers are mostly in agreement which is a promising sign for their accuracy. Are you familiar with epidemiology as a field? There are core principles at play that operate regardless of specific details being known for certain. &gt;They know it because they have a pretty big "caveat" section and they admit that their info is quite limited and in heavily impacts their results... Every paper has a caveat section. Do you have specific complaints about their models or assumptions?
&gt;Trying to extrapolate a exponential curve (infections) with too few data points makes the curve very inaccurate. It's math. That's not what's being done, though. You should read the paper. &gt;The more data point we get, the more precise estimations will become. Yes, but there are some fundamental aspects of the virus behavior which allow us to be more precise than, say, inferring three points on a blank chalk board.
What's the source for this dataset?
What page or figure is this in? I'm having trouble finding what you're referencing. Edit: Do you mean 1.6 days?
Probably a logistical lag, not actual case loads.
Thanks, that's what I was looking for
Interpret this with caution considering the source.
Post should be resubmitted with an informative title.
There's a 0% chance smoking won't worsen outcomes. Whether that's resolvable at this point is not clear, and likely not at the top of researchers' priorities.
Wait, they don't ask that? Or you mean smoking is so common they actually might not document it?
The mortality rate is so high these factors are likely minor compared to virological factors. Pneumonia at these rates is astounding for a primary viral infection. It definitely will have an effect and make things worse, but I think here the scales are quite different
Hard to tell how this might be driven. Is it contact with the market? Other comorbidities more likely in men? Will be interesting to see how this might change with time. Edit: According to [this](https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2001316) new NEJM paper, the sex balance is 56% male. So apparently not.
See the most recent NEJM update. It has smoking data.
There's nothing suspicious about the virus. It would have signatures which would stand out otherwise. We've known coronaviruses with this potential circulate since at least SARS in 2002. It's not as if they've gone anywhere since.
Yes the S glycoprotein (from where the virus name is derived) will be the target for all forseeable vaccine attempts. There are likely several of these attempts in the work right now.
It would only mean that viruses would have different modes of transmission. For instance, with plants they enter through direct abrasions and 'wounds' that break the cell wall. After that they can spread systemically without disrupting this wall. However this works because plants don't move. Bacteria and archaea have a cell wall and are motile, requiring a different strategy for starting an infection. Most viruses infecting these organisms have ways of injecting their material past this cell wall, leading to their bizarre and 'spaceship' looking viral particles. So, yes, but only insofar as it would stop viruses infecting animals 'as we know it'.
It doesn't show cases going down, unless I'm misunderstanding you. Each bar as an amount of lab confirmed cases as symptoms onset, Meaning it's retroactively added to the day this occurred once it was lab confirmed. If there are any bars as time progresses the total cases are increasing. It's only data through the 21st, and has to be peer reviewed. This is why the authors note the apparent decreasing slope (not total case number) is due to diagnostic lag, not true case numbers dwindling.
Interesting change of pace from other posts.
&gt; It says on wikipedia they are characterized by "transcription) initiation and termination signals not found in genomes of other mononegaviruses" - does that mean Ebolaviridae are special because it's a different protein from the usual one that "kicks off" the transcription process? Does that have anything to do with why its so brutal when it infects humans? &gt; &gt; Yes and no. All viruses are similar in their requirement for host *translation* machinery, that which decodes the genetic code (RNA sequences termed "codons") to protein (amino acids). Cells do not make RNA from RNA. So RNA viruses are split in two different categories, based on which happens first: transcription or translation. A virus with an RNA genome which is already "in phase" for translation by a ribosome is said to be + polarity, and often are translated straight away after delivery. How they do this involves some special tricks, but it means that their genomes can be translated straight away and require little to no additional viral machinery (yet). That will eventually code for translational machinery, meaning that translation precedes (and produces) transcriptional machinery / transcription. This is not ebola. It, like many other viruses, is said to be of - polarity, meaning the exact *inverse* of its nucleotides is +, requiring a transcription or replication step (RNA from RNA) before translation occurs. But, remember, cells don't make RNA from RNA! So these viruses bring their genome and transcriptional machinery to start this process prior to translation. This is what the wiki article is referring to--the order in which transcription or translation occurs with RNA viruses.
Absolutely
Someone just having a laugh at your expense, unfortunately. If you download this "insert" and BLAST it, you find it's simply a bat coronavirus sequence, i.e. the exact opposite of what it's purported to be (novel, non-natural). Have fun and try yourself. [Here](https://imgur.com/SCD9ygY) is my result.
The snake paper was worse than completely fake. It was entirely genuine and...stupid as *hell*.
She's very wrong
I'm unsure what you're getting at, but there's a good chance identified cases are a small minority of all cases. That these numbers are slowing down is probably not indicative of true cases dwindling. It will probably take months to bring it to a halt once there's a true decrease, whenever that might happen.
&gt; Nope, that's not what happened. WHO still doesn't recommend for or against. &gt; &gt; Then you're crossing your wires, since neither myself or the OP are talking about WHO. &gt;In Spain, government insisted in not recommending any type of mask, now no wearing it is a 300 euro fine. Again, that's not the US. &gt;In the US, CDC said that cloth masks were last resort, gave them little importance, now they are recommended: Yes, that is what we are talking about.
&gt;OP said health experts. And then went on to link and mention explicitly US-based sources. &gt;Anyway, the point stands, they didn't recommend cloth masks. Who and when? That is the entire discussion we are having here. You seemingly jumped in without nailing these details down. OP said "they" (US health experts) *lied*. They've yet to link a source by anyone lying. That is my point--US health experts did not lie about mask or respirator usage. You don't seem to be bringing up a contradictory point, except in tone.
&gt; I wouldn't say they lied, they're free to say what they want. If you think they haven't lied, then it sounds like we are about on the same page. &gt;&gt;If you are NOT sick: You do not need to wear a facemask unless you are caring for someone who is sick (and they are not able to wear a facemask). Facemasks may be in short supply and they should be saved for caregivers. He's referring to medical-grade surgical masks. &gt;&gt;Everyone should wear a cloth face cover when they have to go out in public, for example to the grocery store or to pick up other necessities. They're referring to any homemade cloth covering. Their recommendations, if nothing but their emphasis, has of course changed over time. I don't think anyone in this thread, least of all me, has ever disputed that. OP in contrast said the CDC/surgeon general *lied* about the efficacy of masks to stop consumer demand, not simply that they changed their point of emphasis or came to a different risk-management solution. This is of course wrong and what I have corrected repeatedly.
Who? CDC? Surgeon general? When? I don't know who you're talking about and without that clarification what you're saying is entirely moot. The CDC had, at the latest by March, recommendation of homemade mask usage. The link was there by February, though I can't confirm that far back whether it was updated or not. Your hypothetical lacks all the specifics that make it relevant or meaningful to consider. It's essentially exactly the type of confusing wordchoice that more or less got OP into this mess.
&gt; CDC website by March, which I linked. &gt; &gt; That link was live in early February. So I guess I'm confused what your point is. &gt;Where exactly was that? This section was added in April, not March: Cool. And there was a section talking about homemade coverings at least in March, with that same link live at least in February. Again I don't know what your point is.
&gt;Which is false, as you have just linked, they only recommended them if you were sick, not to the general population. That's entirely consistent with what I said. What a waste of time.
&gt;and worthless. It wasn't worthless.
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
There's no new information in that article, and no "building case". Every indication about this and past epizootic incidents is entirely consistent with a natural origin. You linking this pretty much confirms you either 1) haven't read it; 2) haven't read the above article; 3) don't understand the difference between a hypothesis and evidence supporting said hypothesis; 4) cannot discriminate between poor (or non-existent) and quality evidence in this arena.
As someone already said, these are basically incoherent hypotheses. They are, semantically, specific and well defined. But in terms of disease transmission and the actual ideas they are meant to convey and compare they are basically nonsense, especially laid out relative to each other in this way. There is simply no way to get any information or resolution to this degree. They're basically "not even wrong". This isn't meant as an insult, this is meant to indicate that how you're viewing this and the questions you're asking are waaaay off from the actual science of the matter. So in a way this is good news. Take a step back and look at the nuts and bolts of epidemiology and germ theory. It'll be very informative.
It's not a retrovirus
It's fraud. There is no data. They literally made everything up.
&gt;The effect size they assumed for their power calculations (50% relative relative reduction in infection risk) seems unnecessarily high. For prophylactic use like this? &gt;The effect size they assumed for their power calculations (50% relative relative reduction in infection risk) Just as an aside, how did you calculate this?
&gt;I just got the investigators’ assumption about the effect size from the methods section of the NEJM article. Said they assumed a 10% baseline risk of infection for high-risk exposures, and then based on that they needed 600 pts in each arm to have 80% power to detect a 50% relative reduction in infection risk. From there they tacked on an extra 20% to their target enrollment to account for attrition, and that got them to 750 per arm. (Looks like they overenrolled a bit from there.) Ah I missed this somehow. Thanks. &gt;Yeah, just thinking about how widespread the infections were and the concerns about overburdening the health system - a prophylactic treatment that reduced infection risk by 50% would seem like a huge breakthrough, but even something that reduced it by 20% would be quite helpful. A 20% reduction US-wide would have meant 400K infections (at least among the 2M documented) avoided. 20% is nothing to sneeze at for sure. It just doesn't sound like much of a promising prophylaxis which is disappointing.
Layperson friendly overview of the topic from virology.ws (see sidebar) [here](https://www.virology.ws/2020/06/04/immunity-is-not-binary/?fbclid=IwAR0E3XmkerGvq4KBJvef_KrdCVZsVbXM5S8KMvDfAGVt0WWVylNaOdkJfbk).
&gt; Are even the historical lab releases consistent with a natural origin? No. &gt;Do you mean to conflate the evolution of with the origin of the spread of any given lab release? No.
&gt;We have what in a court of law would be considered extremely strong circumstantial evidence of the lab release hypothesis You do not. &gt;The other problem with your 2 dimensional 'points on the board' analogy is that we actually have NEGATIVE points on the board for the natural origins theory We have sequence data for every part of the SARS2 virus, including ancestral recombination events. You are making my case for me at this point, and I do thank you for that. --- Your assessments of myself and the evidence regarding a lab release are both incorrect and warrant no further comment. Have a good day.
If you like that, there are historical blog posts of similar vein for a variety of virological topics. Browse around and check out his podcast if you want to dip into that as well. Racaniello is the forefront virology communicator I would hazard.
&gt;If the cleaner was contagious, was I at risk? Potentially from aerosols. Limit time in the room, and if possible let it ventilate. Aerosol isn't the dominant transmission route we suspect for it, and there's not much you can do about it anyway. I would focus on keeping your hands clean, not touching your face, and limiting time anywhere you can't verify is clean.
[Rule 1B - SARS-CoV-2/COVID19 posts are only allowed if they are directly related to virology. No reposts.](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- The pandemic has brought a lot of attention to virology, but also other sometimes unrelated topics. Ensure your post about SARS-CoV-2 or COVID19 is not something that can be easily addressed through a quick search, and that it actually relates to virology as all other topics should be. If you are going to post, ensure that this question has not been asked already and if so refrain from posting again. **Self-limiting questions with no accompanied article and tangentially related material can be posted in the weekly discussion.** --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology). [Rule 6 - No medical advice](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on Reddit. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt;1. Sars-cov-2 is inherently more contagious than other viruses like the flu. No, or rather this isn't particularly teased out. People confuse reproductive number for how contagious the agent is, but they are different metrics. The other confusion here would be prior immunity among the population (or the lack of it), but this is not an "inherent" aspect of the virus at all. It is by definition extrinsic. &gt;People say the virus can be airborne or a least briefly airborne if a person is “shedding” the virus. Does shedding mean it is literally shedding off them or only comes off if they cough or sneeze? Yes. The mechanics of respiratory virus spread are rather confusing. But, yes, this is true in every sense of the meaning. &gt;4. You either get short-lived immunity or no immunity at all There is some evidence to suggest the lifespan of normal coronavirus immunity (at least humoral immunity) can be limited. Whether that's actually the most important restrictive factor for secondary infection isn't known. Right now no evidence suggests people get "no immunity" which would be quite an extraordinary claim. &gt;5. Without a vaccine we will all either be exposed to it and get immunity or be exposed and die This is true even with a vaccine. &gt;6. Even if we develop a vaccine the virus is mutating too quickly to maintain an effective one. No current reason to think this will happen, though the efficacy is a question mark since none have ever existed. &gt;7. The young are at a lower risk of death True. But we don't know all of the sequelae of infection, symptomatic or not. Don't interpret survival as meaning the disease was benign and not impactful, or that there can't be lifelong implications. &gt;If so many cases are asymptomatic, and if the most severe cases are the ones more likely to be reported, then are the statistics materially inaccurate? What statistics are you talking about? Current confirmed case counts don't remotely cover the number of true cases. This doesn't mean modelling is inaccurate though. &gt;9. The virus can survive on surfaces for weeks No. Virus survival is a half-life situation. How long an infectious dose can be viable depends on how much was there to begin with, what the environmental conditions are, and the surface its on. There isn't "one number". &gt;10. 6-feet is an appropriate distance to maintain between people You should maintain that distance as a minimum. Ideally you don't at all during phase 0 quarantine. This is *minimal* protection against some aspect of transmission for essential interactions, or outside of phase 0. &gt;11. The recent Ebola outbreak can spread to us It's not even remotely comparable to SARS2. You shouldn't worry about it at all. &gt;12. Sars-cov-2 is a novel coronavirus therefore we need to wait for the research to tell us about it. It's related to other SARS-like viruses, and is a known classification of virus. There's a lot we can infer or assume and still a lot we don't know. &gt;13. The virus came from birds The direct progenitory of SARS2 likely came from a bat, or potentially some other intermediate animal harboring what is essentially a bat virus. But there is no confirmation of the immediate animal it came from, other than, as usual, bats are harboring the majority of related and problematic coronaviruses. &gt;it escaped from a lab There's both no evidence of this and no additional explanatory power this hypothesis provides. We have a sticky talking about this.
#There is no evidence to suggest a coronavirus 'second wave' is coming **Misleading models based on the Spanish flu cannot be allowed to dictate our policy on lifting lockdown** The functions of a Covid-19 press conference seem to be to transmit information, praise the indefatigable, and brandish a doom‑laden cudgel at the public. A common theme is that if virus-control measures are not observed, or are relaxed too soon, there will be a second “wave” or “peak” of infections. In the UK, an often-repeated prognostication has been that this second wave might be more virulent than the first and that the NHS would be overwhelmed.The message from Geneva during the World Health Organisation’s press briefing on May 25 was more nuanced, but of the same ilk. The point was made that the decline in cases in many countries has been due to the control measures, rather than to the virus running out of steam of its own accord, and that relaxing them could lead to an immediate second peak for which we should get ready. I am a second-wave sceptic. I said so in evidence to the Scottish Parliament’s health and sport committee in April, and was criticised by Nicola Sturgeon for it. I started my virological career working on viruses spread by the respiratory route and was mentored at that time by June Almeida, the discoverer of human coronaviruses. I consider that the evidence supporting the notion of a second wave or peak of Covid-19 infections in the UK that would swamp the NHS is very weak. If we get the easing of lockdown wrong, far more likely would be a continuation of infections, many in the form of localised outbreaks, but not waves or peaks. The idea of a devastating second wave comes almost entirely from the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic. The first wave occurred in June and July and the second in October and November. The first was mild and the second was lethal. It is yet to be explained why the infections occurred in waves and why the virus faded away after the first and then returned. Mathematical modelling textbooks do not discuss it. There was no effective social distancing in 1918 and it had nothing to do with herd immunity. It is possible that the first-wave virus differed genetically from the one that caused the second, but this is an entirely speculative theory because no virus samples from the first are available for scientists to test – influenza virus wasn’t discovered until 1933. Subsequent flu pandemics have been much less lethal. The Asian flu second wave was less lethal than the first. Hong Kong flu in 1968-69 caused fewer deaths but had a second wave that killed more in Britain than the first (though the first was more lethal in America). And swine flu in 2009 killed 10 in its first wave and 137 in its second. Flu is very different from Covid-19. Although both are commonly spread by the respiratory route, and both have infected prime ministers (David Lloyd George got the Spanish flu), the more we learn about Covid-19, the less its biology and epidemiology resemble that of flu. There have been no flu-like second waves (or even peaks) in China, South Korea or New Zealand. There was no second wave with Sars, another coronavirus. In the absence of controls, flu has an R rate of seven; Covid-19’s is between two and three. And far more than with flu, Covid-19 cases have very commonly occurred in clusters. In New Zealand (which may well have eradicated the virus), 41 per cent of cases occurred in 16 clusters of 13 or more cases in each.And, sadly, in the UK the virus has taken an enormous toll on residents of care homes, many of which have had multiple cases. The only country so far to have made a good start with virus control and then suffered a relapse has been Singapore, when the virus got into the migrant-worker dormitories in which infection control and social distancing was almost impossible ( just as in British care homes). Defeatist flu models still lurk behind current Covid-19 predictions. That the virus will persist for ages is a flu concept. These predictions should be put to one side. Like Sars, and unlike flu, the virus is eradicable. If China and New Zealand are striving to be free of it, we should be, too.
Gonna yank the thread now that you know where to look :)
The article and the published paper referenced don't really elaborate at all on what they mean, rarely if ever using an actual direct quote. The published paper is just about vaccine design. Literally none of it is devoted to potential origins of the virus, just structural minutia and other vaccine production considerations. The Forbes article doesn't really give any airtime to the specific points these authors are referring to. It just says "properties never before found in nature". Which in combination is an interesting sentence, since I'm not sure what that could possibly be. New to a SARS-like virus, sure, but nothing is breaking some sort of rule we thought existed. So, eh. &gt;My understanding is that it originated in "bush meat" and transferred into the human population via a wet market. This was an operating hypothesis if the Huanan market contains patient zero, but we have reason to think that's not the case. Meaning the original patient zero will likely never be identified.
&gt;Does anyone else know more about in vivo electroporation? I've heard of it through the grapevine, but nothing approved that I'm aware of. It's...painful.
ORF stands for "open reading frame". It is simply the 'frame of reference' which makes a string of RNA bases make sense and properly decode into a desired protein product. Given there are 20 standard amino acids you need three contiguous bases to code for unique amino acids without overlapping outputs. If there was just one base, you would code for potentially four things as RNA has only A, U, C and G. If there were two, then you could code 16. If you use three then you can code up to 64, which more than codes for each amino acid. However, if you connect them like so: AUCGGCAUGCUU then you can start to see that where I denote the first 'coding' base will change the code. The code could be read as AUC GGC AUG CUU or it could be read as A UCG GCA UGC UU. So the 'frame' is simply where you start that reading reference. An ORF is any location of RNA bases (as there are often many without coding functionality) which starts with the proper 'start' codon (AUG) and then has subsequent codons "in frame", followed by a stop codon (UGA, UAG, UAA).
Literally, yes. And therein lies all the problems of DNA-based therapeutics. As usual, delivery. Not just inside a cell, but in the nucleus.
There are some pretty supportive HSV forums which can help you with direct medical advice, which is essentially what you're asking for.
[Rule 6 - No medical advice](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on Reddit. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
FL and NY were hot based on that reporting. And we know what happened to NY.
It could also feasibly be influenza. The less temperate the climate the more "out of season" you can expect circulation. That's why I'm a little hesitant to go totally on board with the idea these spikes are mostly or even significantly SARS2.
[Rule 4 - Posts and comments dismissing established science must provide peer-reviewed evidence.](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- Depending on the claim it might be removed outright. /r/Virology is not here to provide airtime to conspiracies, ill-conceived ideas, or otherwise stubborn users refusing to accept reality. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
Ortho and para are just to distinguish the related groups from each other. This is also done in chemistry to designate positions on a carbon ring. It's not much different from saying 'alpha mucosa virus' and 'beta mucosa virus' as a distinction between the two. The same type of nomenclature is used in other levels of viral taxonomy.
Ah that's a good point. Orthomyxoviruses would have been known prior to paramyxoviruses, but I don't know the history behind naming more than that.
This got me thinking to dig through some of my old catalog. For example, I have a paper from 1962 referring to RSV as a myxovirus, with no other finer taxonomy distinction besides that. A paper from 1965 lumps a simian paramyxovirus within "parainfluenza-mumps-Newcastle disease subgroup of myxoviruses". A paper from 1967 further describes the difference between ortho- and para-myxoviruses as: &gt;The paramyxoviruses are distinguished from the influenza virus group by their larger size, and by their ability to cause the formation of syncytia and eosinophilic inclusions in cultured cells. With the paramyxoviruses, moreover, synthesis of internal antigen is initiated in the cytoplasm, in contradistinction to influenza virus, the internal or "soluble" antigen of which is first recognized in the nucleus. My assumption would be that, given its older identification and notoriety, influenza was one of the earlier investigated myxoviruses. Finding others, such as the now pneumoviruses, there are some obvious differences which they state above. But it seems like "paramyxovirus" as a group might simply have arisen from the wedge between influenza and what is now e.g. human parainfluenza virus which became the archetypal example, hence the group name. So perhaps a two part mix of 1) prominence of and earlier study on influenzavirus the "prototypical" (but not really, as we now know) myxovirus due to investigator bias; 2) large degree of latitude between the weird influenza myxoviruses and....everything else. From a holistic viewpoint it makes more sense to call influenza the paramyxoviruses if we're assuming 'ortho' means more normal or prototypical and 'para' is some deviation from that. But I don't really know. These papers are impossible to get online these days.
I honestly don't know what you're talking about.
Let's not spread misinformation or baseless speculation.
[Rule 1 - This post is not directly related to virology and belongs elsewhere.](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- Virology is the study of submicroscopic, parasitic particles of genetic material contained in a protein coat and virus-like agents. It focuses on their structure, classification and evolution, their ways to infect and exploit host cells for reproduction, their interaction with host organism physiology and immunity, the diseases they cause, the techniques to isolate and culture them, and their use in research and therapy. **Self-limiting questions with no accompanied article and tangentially related material can be posted in the weekly discussion.** --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology). [Rule 6 - No medical advice](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on Reddit. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt; We have this neuroscience blight of thinking - science leaders directing funding to these topics that are like targeting the immune system to fix type I diabetes. &gt; &gt; This is possible and actively researched.
These papers are an interesting trip. I have some from the 40's which apparently predates 'micron' terminology. So viruses are measured in milli-millimeters. I think at least some of the info in these papers is 'rediscovered' in newer papers, which is an interesting thought. Pretty impressive how much has rapidly changed, even just going back 10 to 20 years. Funny how much weird info like naming conventions or other quirks of the field is lost to time.
[Rule 4 - Posts and comments dismissing established science must provide peer-reviewed evidence.](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- Depending on the claim it might be removed outright. /r/Virology is not here to provide airtime to conspiracies, ill-conceived ideas, or otherwise stubborn users refusing to accept reality. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt;According to other sources I believe to be reliable, this categorization of chimera vs. mosaic is at best, an oversimplification because regardless of human intervention, SARS2 could be considered to be a "chimera" because it could have been created (naturally or unnaturally) via a method called "recombination" which explains how it appears to be mostly a bat coronavirus, but with the pangolin spike protein which enables it to infect humans. We don't know if it's a bat-pangolin virus recombination product. It could be purely bat sequences at play, as almost all of SARS2 genome can be found in bats, with a couple exceptions. &gt;The WIV is a respected, certified lab that cooperated internationally therefore we would know: The possibility of a mistake happening at any institution is always there, so that's a weak argument. We also know the CCP is highly secretive, so it's not very convincing to say that an institution in their jurisdiction is 100% transparent about everything. Why would we think this was a WIV escape product? If the virus isn't engineered or artificially human-adapted, then we are left with the idea that the virus already existed in nature as-is. Adding the extra step of bringing it to a lab adds an unnecessary extra step.
There's a spectrum of particle sizes produced constantly due to the mechanics of our breathing. These range from very large essentially ballistic sized particles (visible, macro scale) all the way down to very small particles on the size of a couple hundred nanometers (and smaller, though those aren't relevant for viral transmission). Cloth or surgical masks (not respirators) stop larger particulate, on the order of a couple hundred nanometer up to micron sized particulate. You say that there could be gaps of 2.5 microns, which I'm not sure about, but you must look at the scale of these masks. Even low threadcount cotton has thread diameters of hundreds of microns and a porosity of ~20%. Most of the flowthrough, and thus also larger particulate, will impact thread at a high rate. Even a 2.5micron gap will catch many 1micron sized particles. Only the smallest of particulate will be bale to escape inertial impaction with altered airflow to any significant degree. All of this is on exhale, not inhale, so there's no real protection except from ballistic splatter. Virus is probably rarely ever get produced in single virus sized particles. However these couple hundred and smaller particulate won't get caught by larger pore cloth or surgical masks. For these you need a respirator.
Same for 2009 H1N1 as well. Happens every time.
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt; Do you happen to know quantitatively the likelihood that SARS2 is a recombination product done in the lab, regardless of whether it is bat-pangolin, bat-bat, etc? There's nothing you could tell quantitatively as there's no obvious signatures of any manipulation. All signs point to a virus of mammalian origin (not cell culture) recently (but not necessarily directly) from bats.
This might be useful for you https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3324781/
Since furin is a known restriction factor for other respiratory viruses, and furin sites are known to exist in e.g. influenza and seasonal coronaviruses, yes, they would know about this.
To be clear, it looks like they are actually referencing 'homologous recombination' when we're talking about viruses. But I hope I'm emphasizing how very different these things are or how they happen. As it happens these viruses we're talking about, it's not a targeted or site-specific thing.
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
It's not possible. SARS2 and RaTG13 are decades apart in terms of divergence. Changing the furin site doesn't matter in that context. And, no, they wouldn't do homologous recombination. You keep asking about that and I keep telling you what you're saying doesn't make sense.
&gt; They would need a reverse genetics system (is this something known to not be easy to do with current technology?), which if they did have there would be more sophisticated things they could make &gt; A reverse genetics system isn't hard to get. But if you had it you would just clone in whatever fragments you wanted. You wouldn't do HR. HR would require a site specific break and some organism to repair it, such as a bacterial system. Cloning is something you just do in a test tube. &gt;(from _Shibboleth_) They would need synthetic stimulation of naturally patterned glycans, and avoiding cell culture adaptation, which is something known to not be easy to do with current technology That's a separate conspiracy theory angle. If they're combining native viruses, that's one thing. Which, again, it's worth emphasizing then that everything would already exist in nature to some extent. Cell system adaption would leave signatures as shibboleth has said which we don't see in the earliest isolates. &gt;They would have had to work within the SARS2 "fixation rate", which leads to a best case scenario of taking decades to perform the needed mutation If you're doing it randomly and 'naturally' as apparently happened, yes, it would take a long ass time. If you know how protein is made and understand the [genetic code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_code) system, then you can see how we can date the virus as *not* a modified RaTG13. The third base in codons can 'wobble', as it is often not needed for a given amino acid. This can lead to nucleotide differences between two viruses which have the same amino acid level. There are hundreds of these different between RaTG13 and SARS2, indicating they are related but not identical viruses, even if you were to do wholesale swapping of the RBD or whatever.
&gt;This virus moves throughout multiple systems, not just respiratory. No, it's pretty exclusively in the respiratory compartment.
&gt;It's been observed in CSF Virus or RNA? Those are two very different things. &gt;implicated in strokes, and renal failure, has it not? Doesn't mean it infects other tissues. But yes those are complications.
[Rule 6 - No medical advice](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on Reddit. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
Sounds like political commentary among that word salad.
Why would it?
Strain has no specific meaning, so it depends and doesn't really matter all at once.
A cold is a disease. It is never worse than influenza.
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt; There's theories cold antibodies may make some immune That's not correct. There is no prior immunity from antibodies to SARS2. &gt;If everyone is susceptible then new York and Illinois should spike again after they reopen Yes that will happen without any other mitigating measures in place.
&gt; Most translation products, especially those in alternative reading frames, will be unfolded and targeted for degradation. How so? Unless I'm misunderstanding you I don't see why this would be the case. Many viruses including influenza use alternate frames to encode additional proteins. Without a trigger for e.g. nonsense mediated decay I don't see why this would occur. &gt;Also, since these Frankenstein proteins are not encoded in the viral genome, it his hard to understand how evolutionary selection could occur even in the rare cases where these proteins conferred an advantage to the virus. The UFOs *are* encoded in the viral genome. Revisit the paper to see how this is elaborated. They are in alternate frames which would never classically be described as an ORF because they are not punctuated by an *AUG* in the genome. That is to say, the protein is majority in the viral genome, but the AUG is supplied elsewhere, which is why they would not be identified by in silico methods previously. Considering they demonstrate a selective pressure in vivo for one such protein, and mention another extension being convergently produced, I don't think the idea they could confer an advantage is a stretch at all even if they were mere spandrels, as the paper mentions.
&gt;If you’re curious about the flu and how it compares to SARS-CoV-2, just google “annual influenza deaths” and see if it’s larger or smaller than the current 456,000 coronavirus deaths as of this comment. That's within the normal range of global deaths. Higher than some years, lower than others. Of course the pandemic isn't close to being over.
Bret Weinstein is a former bat researcher, not a virologist. He pushes the conspiracy idea that the virology community has its head in the sand and that all of these researchers are ignoring obvious signs that the virus was a lab escape. No doubt for this reason JR wants him on the show since he also seems to have a penchant for conspiracies / general disregard for expert opinion on SARS2 and other ways in which it intersects with public health. Of course there's no real merit to this idea and as such his content is banned on this sub along with other conspiracy theorists. I'll be removing this thread, but you'll have the answer you asked for essentially. Feel free to ask more questions as you and I can both see this thread, but understand we won't be allowing any BW material on the sub for obvious reasons.
Then I don't think it was SARS2. I'm not aware of any reporting of US-based infections prior to ~Janury 15-21th.
NYE the disease was basically not identified as a coronavirus. I really don't think this timeline is feasible.
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt;Where have the WHO and all the other world health authorities been during the last 17 years? Saying the same thing: this is a danger we should prepare for. WHO is a health authority, but they don't govern anything. If governments don't do anything about it, nothing gets done.
Wait until you see professionals posture differently, not reporting on preprints or even papers. You are very correct on being wary.
I've seen several conflicting reports on even influenza alone. So I would say you are double right: it does matter (probably down to the virus even), and people typically don't care.
It's unbelievably negligent that we have zero deliverables for coronaviruses since 2002. Blows my mind every time I think about it.
&gt;And now sars-cov-2 appears 300m away from the lab where they are doing this research but you expect me to believe the lab had nothing to do with it? You think the WCDC released the virus? Or the WIV? Because the WIV is what you're referencing--the BSL4 lab--and it isn't 300m away. This type of keen, detail-driven detective work is par for the course among those purporting a lab escape. &gt;That is one hell of a coincidence don't you think? It's not a coincidence. They're just unrelated facts that you are, mentally, connecting. Stop presenting baseless, ill-conceived conspiracy theories here. It's not tolerated.
&gt;I suppose if Covid ripped through the 1918 world its death rate would be far nastier, because medical treatment was primitive then. Given the demographic reliant nature of its mortality, I'm not sure that's true. The converse would likely be true, that the 1918 virus today wouldn't be as deadly, immunity permitting, though to what extent we will never know. ~~I also don't really see what the point is in comparing CFR like you did initially. But I guess it's moot since you've kind of walked it back in this comment~~
&gt;U might mistake me for hibich7. I didnt compare CFRs. Woops, yes I did. &gt;Roughly half of hospitalized patients are 59 years and younger. ... Hence in a 1918 world I think most of these people wouldnt have made it. I'm sure the curve would be heightened and move downward, but the demographics that die most frequently are very different between the two times. If we took *these same people* from today and put them back in 1918, yes, that would produce even more lethal results. But demographics by age and comorbidity are very different from now and then. For example, the 31% who have diabetes in this cohort would simply have been dead (T1) or likely never developed it (T2). That said, I think COVID19 is likely a more difficult disease to treat in modern times than 1918 influenza, but it's very hard to tell. By comparison the majority of those that died in 1918 were healthy &lt;65y.o. adults.
&gt; Different lab, different building, different country to Wuhan but still the same "one floor BSL4" setup. That's not a thing. There are BSL4 labs or spaces and then there aren't. There is no such "BSL# floor" that you're describing unless the whole floor is that rating. And which lab is this? You seem very confused about the difference between two entirely different buildings. &gt;Reality is that the number of viruses that are classified as needing BSL4 precautions is a tiny number, you could fit sample vials of all of them in a mini fridge designed to cool a 4 pack of beer. This is such a meaningless thing to say I'm not even sure what you're getting at. &gt;The vast majority of a BSL4 building This is not a thing. If it's BSL4, it's by definition not BSL2.
H5NX, H7N9, but also H1NX. The X means many different N can suffice.
[Rule 1 - This post is not directly related to virology and belongs elsewhere.](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- Virology is the study of submicroscopic, parasitic particles of genetic material contained in a protein coat and virus-like agents. It focuses on their structure, classification and evolution, their ways to infect and exploit host cells for reproduction, their interaction with host organism physiology and immunity, the diseases they cause, the techniques to isolate and culture them, and their use in research and therapy. **Self-limiting questions with no accompanied article and tangentially related material can be posted in the weekly discussion.** --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology). [Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
[Rule 5 - No abusive, offensive, or spam posts/comments](https://old.reddit.com/r/Virology/about/rules/) --- /r/Virology is not for discussion of political, religious, or otherwise inflammatory content. Maintain civility in all mediums. When in doubt, report offending content and let moderators handle it. Disagreement is fine, but incivility is not. --- If you have any questions about this action, you can [message the moderators through ModMail](https://old.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FVirology).
&gt; High lethality usually means lower contagiousness, but this isn't always the case. &gt; &gt; H7N1 experiments have shown that transmission is not coupled with pathogenicity in these HPAI viruses, or at least H7N1 specifically. Most of these factors wouldn't reduce severity of the disease directly.
That's good to hear. It's what I thought was the case after looking into it but wanted to catch an outside opinion from people who know what they're talking about
High variability based on case identification and local demographics. Also probably healthcare burden. Anything from 0.5%-0.78% (0.64% average) is *probably* fine estimate globally, at least based on [this meta-analysis](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.05.03.20089854v3). But depending on what you're modelling you might adjust this (e.g. elderly population of your simulation).
&gt; But people handwaving (downvoting) risks from rushed vaccines is just as ridiculous as being anti-vax. Quite an interesting assumption you're making and a pretty specious comparison alongside it
&gt; How so? Maybe I misjudged your comment and the general 'mandatory' trope. When has the US ever mandated a vaccine to an otherwise unwilling participant? To me this is the crux of the confusion. The typical examples of military or schooling aren't blanket mandates as is usually implied. For example, having enrolled in the military you are subject to lawful orders, and schooling requirements can be circumvented with homeschooling. It looks like this brief covers these exact examples. In my experience the *entirety* of this argument as it appears online boils down to using the word "mandatory" in different ways. I'm not aware of any time the US has made a decree where people, barring medical reasons, must be vaccinated. Pulling a quote from your article to illustrate my understanding on this [emphasis mine]: &gt;&gt;With respect to vaccinations, the Model Act includes provisions similar to the current laws discussed above. Under the Model Act, during a public health emergency, the appropriate public health authority would be authorized to “vaccinate persons as protection against infectious disease and to prevent the spread of contagious or possibly contagious disease.”51 The Model Act requires that the vaccine be administered by a qualified person authorized by the public health authority, and that the vaccine “not be such as is reasonably likely to lead to serious harm to the affected individual.”52 **The Model Act recognizes that individuals may be unable or unwilling to undergo vaccination “for reasons of health, religion, or conscience,” and provides that such individuals may be subject to quarantine to prevent the spread of a contagious or possibly contagious disease.53** Anyone would still be able to refuse a vaccine just like they could any other medical intervention. But that doesn't excuse them from other consequences, such as quarantine or restricted use of public assets.
&gt; The whole issue with Jacobson v. Massachusetts was an individual (and his family) refusing to be vaccinated after the state ordered everyone in Cambridge to be vaccinated. He was trying to claim a medical exemption, but the state still fined him $5 (1902 money- maybe about $150 today). Case went up to the supreme court, who found in favor of the state. &gt; &gt; They weren't forcibly vaccinated. They paid the fine. &gt;So that's the example of where the state mandated a vaccine to an otherwise unwilling participant. This gets back to the semantics I was talking about earlier. The vaccine was mandated, but it was not compulsory with no alternative options. They declined to have the vaccine and instead chose the alternative consequences. A SARS2 vaccine might be "mandatory" in the same way vaccines are currently "mandatory" but there is no conceivable realm where that entails forcible vaccination, at least insofar as I've seen presented.
There's SEM. STM is for smaller things. That link essentially outlines the size of things that STM is useful to resolve. Viruses are much larger than atoms.
&gt; My statement "people handwaving (downvoting) risks from rushed vaccines is just as ridiculous as being anti-vax" translates to, if you are a person who handwaves, ignores, or actively represses (=downvotes) a warning about being vary of vaccine(s) that have not had sufficient time to be studied, you are, in my mind, on the same horseshoe as being against vaccines. Nobody is comparing downvotes with anti-vax ideology. Seems like you just did, with a couple of assumptions and clarifications shoehorned in later. This is as far as I will go humoring your generous interpretation of the OP comment. &gt;Thank you for the clarification. Why is it specious? Because downvoting a comment isn't the same as an inherently anti-science conspiracy ideology. &gt;I would have preferred if you had stated your case in your original comment instead. Noted.
That's the general legal usage too, but some people either don't realize this or mean it differently
&gt; The yield is actually pretty OK but you need to do like 20 T150's to get a decent titer That's insane. I've heard it basically doesn't grow in other in vitro systems. Like you resort to playing music to the incubator and go out to crazy long timepoints. I'm glad some people are OK with working with it but it's not on my list
It was sent for review on December 9th. Maybe you have no clue what you're talking about?
It seems very human adapted, with the only missing piece being less efficient transmission. It's about as good as I think you can reasonably expect anything that has yet to cause a problem can be. I'm not sure what else could explain an otherwise very humanized virus that has yet to cause a pandemic, except crossover immunity, which I don't think they address entirely. It's so close to 2009 I'm not sure what we would expect from this virus, though.
