What's this Twitter thing with the Mavs that apparently everyone but me know about?
So are we officially going with wolf hunter? It sounded like they were pumping wolf howls into the stadium and he was doing this howl thing too. I love it
Wait what
☝️ When you just your the first joke that comes to mind
Thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the Earth.
Frankly, rich people who are stingy are just idiots who never learned any money management skills. Says the guy with &lt;$10k in his account
I wish this want a caption contest so we could discuss how insane the video is
No one gives a shit what your most upvoted comment is but you
Stop being a victim. If you're pissed try studying money. Jordan didn't become the best because he was born that way, he studied the thing he wanted and became the best. You want money and a home? Study money and how it works. You wanna follow your passion? Follow it. And stop acting like that means you deserve all the money. PS I hope everyone enjoys their butthurt down voting spree.
Oddly enough I haven't visited Wikipedia in...a while. Is this the end?
Mike is the biggest phone in act I've heard on ANY radio station. Dude literally just repeats Corby 90% of the time unless it's Mike's mind
I’m just sitting here wondering where my life is that this photo got my emotions going...
The rat is splinter, who trained the ninja turtles
Honestly this seemed like such an odd and minor thing to have latched on to from the event.
Just the latest bug
Do you have a citation?
It's not to inflate the bloggers ego it's to get more people to watch. My wife is a model and has been asked to go on these vacation things with a vlogger to just chill and be on video traveling with him. It's gets clicks Edit: she didn't accept the job for the reason that all of you guys are joking about. Of course I'm sure the vloggers I think they're buying a sex trip. But it still helps there clicks to have a hot girl in the videos with them
Lol
Lol she didn't go for this very reason
So because my wife was invited to a job to be a model she's a whore now? Okay
I love how offended people get when you don't cuss on here. Is actually much more the intended response to cussing
The thing is, though, somehow people on Reddit fool themselves into thinking there's a great and diverse cross section of life on this site, that all happily comments and shares their opinions, so surely what's seen on here *must* be how the world *really* is ..
Still shanked. Obviously need a more expensive club
Wait Granada is only 15 years old?
Apollo is so good
Please tell me this can catch "I've watched this gif for 10 minutes and the guy never _____s"
How often are two QBs on the field?
&gt;but also love when the ticket switches topics TBH I feel like them talking sorts IS the topic switch. I remember when news hit about dez's contact they spent the whole next segment talking about tom Petty. I have to switch to the fan or hope BAD radio is on if I want to actually hear anything about sorts
Is honestly pretty bad Edit: my bad I though y'all were talking about the Spiderman franchise of movies. I haven't seen spiderverse
Zero percent chance this is real film and not a guerilla ad
Ring doorbells
When will the "I don't understand how gifs work" meme finally die
Please be true
So, not locked up
So, not locked up
Shaq is basically the reason I believe the story of David and Goliath.
The cowboys actually do a phenomenal job at making these breaks unnoticeable by adding some sort of entertainment to every moment of the live experience
It's the internet, you can also not cuss People seriously get more offended when people don't cuss on here. Which is actually really more the original intended result of cusssing if you think about it
Why do people always extend the letter that can't audibly be extended?
Which comment chain
So, would you say the video was ...unexpected?
That's not Godzilla
Please tell me this isn't in a school book
That feeling is the best. Having someone unabashedly flirt with you is such a confidence boost. Hell I can still remember this one time like 3 years ago when a girl was just checking me out from across the room lol much less actual flirting
Never have understood these posts 1) no one here knows op personally... 2) obviously famous people go outside 3) why do we care that some person we've never met saw a famous person in the wild
Perhaps he's just getting started. "best" is comparative, and it was a pretty good idea for a shot
I can't tell what the edges are. Are those trees and stuff?
I've often wondered how many user accounts are controlled by Reddit corporate in order to spread the ideals and thoughts they want people to feel
The post doesn't show which sub this was in and that's kinda necessary for the joke
Would love just a photo of the finished product
How is this one so low??
Truly awful. Took me like 5 reads to get what they wanted to say
Honestly I think I would still freak.. Those things like raping and I'm in their house
As a him enthusiast I, too, was surprised
*more dollars than sense
Is this not just s big girl naked taking a mirror shot?
Ooooooooh. I thought it was a legit picture of homes to cover up the naughty
I do owner financing of homes as a living (I buy/fix up and then sell to someone who pays me as the bank). It seriously sucks having to foreclose on someone, especially when you know they're in a rough spot. But exactly that...you can't live for free. I'm paying debt on the properties, too. So basically I end up paying for someone else's home if I don't foreclose on them. Sucks but if you don't pay you lose your home. That's how it works.
Like the ballerina gif
Dak is weird in that all of a sudden when it comes to the 2 minute drill he plays lights out
Wait is he busted? I didn't know
Yeah I actually hadn't even realized how clutch he was till I heard people on the fan talking about it. Dude turns to ice at the end of games. Of course by us saying this he's gonna lose in the last drive of the playoff game but it's been fun watching
Let's not forget to credit the catch
"Romo roll" why didn't I hear this while he was here. I always like Romo spin move. There's a Reddit user I think named romospinmove
Yeah to me this was the biggest thing. I mean I know the Giants are trash but he did this without dinner pretty big names
And did you see how pumped they were? Exactly what we need going into next week
Agreed. Thought that was pretty basic rule knowledge
That's how I felt with the 1 arm grab Beckham made a few years ago. Respec
IDK I honestly think it's kinda like going for it on 4th at this point. It would've sucked but I think the fan base would've understood and supported the decision
I need us to beat you in round 1 to clense the pallet
Not a truth
Yeah he got up to it being ruled no touch down so with as much as there was going on with the catch there was no real reason to doubt that
I mean... He played his role on the team
Dude was FRANTIC on the sideline. Did you see him almost tackle Dak?
You're being down voted for telling the truth
Do you need me to pick up some tampons and tissues from the store for you? Maybe some triple chocolate Ben and Jerry's
Knee down=possession. Super shocking how many people didn't know this even as casual fans
I mean the Giants literally scored this way today
What pick
I feel like not as many people run 4.4 as we say. Solely because it seems that no matter what when 40 times gets quoted it's always that they run 4.4 Edit: sometimes I hate Swype
Those thighs They're like the jaguars bowling ball from a few years ago, what was his name again?
Eli face fuels me
But we all know it was an int
If I didn't think Reddit gold/silver/whatever the hell was stupid I would give it to you right now
It's like in video games where you can control where a player goes while they're already in the air
It was her familiar
It's not our fault you don't know basic rules
[dude got REAL butthurt REAL quick](https://i.imgur.com/xBSKsqA.png)
Yes!
Maybe you're just not familiar with the new Catch rules. The ball can literally even touch the ground now but if you maintain possession through the catch you're good
Texas wastes so much money on signs that say "observe warning signs, it's the law!" But if people aren't observing the signs they would never see these
HSO
Stats like this are weird though. Like did Vick have 6 rushing TD's and 19 passing? The numbers always seem so arbitrary
One of the best games of the season oddly enough
I know exactly what this video needs....
That smoke exhale
This is how saquon Barkley got his td today
Honestly I know this will be incredibly unpopular to say, but really why do we draw the line where we do? Like homosexuality is to be celebrated but any other "deviancy" is way over the line?
This one is great But I honestly feel for the guy he seems like he is suffering from some form of ptsd
I really liked the "only Rudolph should drive lit. Don't drink and drive" signs
Once someone is within 21' of you they can pull a knife and stab you before you would have time to draw your weapon and retaliate Why do people defend jackasses who charge cops like this? It's common knowledge cops don't fuck around and you as a special snowflake are no exception
But he's seemingly exactly as good as a QB needs to be when they've got Zeke and this D
I know it was the right call
I hate Swype. Edited.
/r/regardlessofcontext
People think tmnt happens with nicest waste. Nope. Chuck testa
Do they really typically kill these birds?
This is like that scene in the office
It also gets you a machine you literally never have to worry about. I tried to ask around and go with the flagship windows model and did the surface book pro. That thing still constantly wakes up while closed and just starts playing videos or making noises etc. I close my Mac, it sleeps. I open it, it works perfectly. Never had a Windows machine do that consistently at 100%
Sennheiser is a solid pro audio brand. Their mics are a+
I feel like that iPhone commercial really put a lot of these photos out there
[one of the greatest mash up videos of all time was based on purdie. Kutiman-mother of all funk cords] (https://youtu.be/tprMEs-zfQA)
It's been literally every windows lap top I've ever had. They just can't handle closing the lid to sleep it's so weird
Exactly what made me think about this
I'm hoping it's about needing the pressure and that this helps our playoff run
Yeah that one reminded me of the 2014 Seahawks game
No refunds
Agree to disagree
The infinite chocolate bar? Sign me up
I love how hard he’s trying to be professional but just can’t. These types of breaks are fantastic. The SNL “hey look guys, I broke character OMGZ” is so cringe and the worst thing about it. But this here...this is pure unadulterated break
TBH as bad as much as I don't like how this was posted as a video....that's really a pretty cool technology to get this result from a still photo
Ok I'll finally admit that I'm /r/outoftheloop because it seems tiktok isn't going away... What the hell is tiktok (all I know is it's some kind of youtube like video thing?) and how is a split screen video identifiable as one edit: [if you're old like me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQEGJMmqBTw)
lol I mean...can you? Dude has the exact same face he has during press conferences. Is he holding back tears there? Bro is a robot. Not saying he doesn't care massively in this video...but saying what you said is just projectionism
I mean...if you're being sarcastic I still think of that video like 5 years later every time I get a paper towel
a guerilla marketing campaign for Guinness beer
What has died may never die
no
Am I the only one that doesn't want more games? The thing I like about NFL is that it doesn't suffer from "too many" syndrome like the NBA (too many points...nothing really matters 'till mid 3rd quarter unless you're in the playoffs) or MLB (too many games...nothing really matters till after the all-star break). Right now *everything* matters in the NFL. Every game lost could lose the season. Every touchdown made could win the game.
This is why I said P Manning should've won MVP the year he went down. They went from deep in the playoffs (maybe SB? I can't remember) to the number 1 pick
I mean...it's not like the doorbell buttons themselves are exactly covert
lol ok that's pretty funny. But not same tier as this sharpe thing. I'd put MJ's eyes closed "welcome to the NBA" above the Merry F**king Christmas if we're talking shit talk. The MFC quote is just hilarious. Like it'd be in a will ferrell movie
Ok, who would support a movement to remove poetry from the sub? It's all we get in here anymore... @mods? Anyone? Bueller?
on the MJ one? I think that's precisely why it's god mode shit talking is because he was that confident it would go it
Primus got it all wrong
wait are you serious? How can they possibly find 26 RB's they thought were better
this is the most epic baby photo of all baby photos
or events
"now they'll take us seriously!"
Haha I was thinking that, too. The "in other words" is the entire point of the "fly me to the moon" Also I was planning already to learn fly me to the moon and record it for my wife but now I'm gonna go throw my guitar away
I have no idea what it is supposed to mean :-/
Lol as a Texan this is basically our trip to the local walmart
"I'll have a Coke" *They bring a can* *Jump at window like these fish*
My dad (mexican) used to say he knew Mexican judo. "judo know I got a knife...judo know I got a gun"
OI
I just use Google drive. It works seamlessly
guarantee you forgot the "u" and you replaced an "a" with another "e" and yeah. "garentee" just looks funny. Weird like that.
Also too many people think that Reddit represents the rest of the world/America. It is only one cross section.
There's nothing you can do to convince me this wasn't planned and isn't an ad
The programming department *is* the sales department at amazon
yeah that's kinda the point of the stat. For you to have success you've gotta pay other players, and you can't do that if your QB is taking up the whole cap
Yeah I was agreeing with you in disputing that dude saying the stat was skewed :-p
no, go to [this link](https://www.reddit.com/r/blackmagicfuckery/comments/72iwgh/scarf_through_arm/) and slow it down to frame by frame on giphy. You can see when he lets go of the scarf with his thumb, there's no more scarf touching his hand except for the "decoy"/Retracter piece that looks like the tail of the scarf. He lets go of the scarf and then a string pulls it up to the other side of his arm super quickly and into that "tail" piece
it's the bottom of the scarf being pulled by a string into the "tail" piece that's being held by his left hand by a string.
nah, the bottom of the scarf has a string that retracts it into that "tail" piece comign out of his left hand. So he drops the top, the bottom gets pulled up to become the new top, and the top falls over his right arm looking like it's passing thru.
it's naive to think that companies don't have sales departments. My point is that even if you don't see the sales dept, they definitely exist. And your experience with their sales dept is seen through the programmers.
yeah like....what?
Oh I see...so we're about to fight, then, huh?
Yeah Reddit is really good at laughing at how stupid people are without appreciating "well yeah what the hell else were they supposed to do? Hindsight is 20/20"
And what the hell was the hulk on about that if you go back in time it becomes your future so there's no such thing as a paradox?
Injury prone doesn’t necessarily mean they’re made of glass. It can also mean the way they play leads them to getting injured more often. It’s a thing.
But I love when people don’t because people like you get *more* offended. And the whole point of cursing is offensive. So, in a weird way, not cursing is actually the true cursing when you’re on reddit.
And to that point why TF does the $9 glad screen protector I have not scratch but every time I've tried to go with no screen protector the glass (pixel line) scratches somewhere almost immediately? Are they not using hard enough glass?
So who did this first? The king Fu "hack time" with a dinosaur sidekick cop (I can't remember its name) movie or this?
That wasnt fun at all
I'm gonna have to agree. I think this is a meme that had ingrained itself into the fabric of hqg
And that she genuinely looked excited about it too. That she didn't even think twice to give away something she actually wanted
Understandably. Being a mom with husband across the world is hard enough. Putting all that work in and being called a cheating whore would be hard to take as a joke
Not really related but fwiw I was running into an issue where Spotify wasn't showing song names or titles in my car anymore. Turned out others with my same brand had the same issue and it was resolved by turning on dev settings and rolling back the acvpr setting to 1.3 and turning off battery optimization for Bluetooth then forgetting the devices, rebooting and repairing.
I'm waiting for the Dirk nowitzki decoy to appear
yeah dude, Japan has the US beat so hard with never being anything but perfect with social contract. Can you explain to me why it's law their camera's make shudder sounds again?
so receiving news that's been written down in any manner is terrifying to you then, by that logic.
/r/iamverysmarter
[just checked on when TGP comes back and got sad :(](https://www.denofgeek.com/us/tv/the-good-place/277996/the-good-place-season-4-news)
I mean...he wasn't paid 125k/year to know how to turn monitors on
seriously. It just brings such a huge wave of.....sadness...idk I can't even think of another word. Like-the whole world is going to be so much more of an uphill battle for these kids than it has to be.
/r/SummerReddit
If you it would've taken him half an hour to figure it out and it took you less than 3 hours to do it, the company still saved money by having a guy that was good at programming reach out to a guy that was good at hardware to fix an issue
Not assuming anything. Dude made 5x more than you did and was paid that to program things. If you took anything less than 5 times as long as he would have to do it, it still made the company money to have you do his "stupid" work
I mean like...my son is growing up in a good school and surrounded by love and never having to think once about that he may have to survive by fighting someone. And that's *probably* going to reflect by him totally understanding how to talk to adults....or cops.. or possible job interviewers. And I can only imagine that growing up in a situation where you're 6 and already fighting like this that the world view you're being taught as normal is not going to lead to easily being taken seriously by people in authoritative positions. And that's gonna be a long uphill battle to climb...either figuring out that what you've known isn't working but having no real example to what does, or just feeling like the entire world is against you your whole life
In high school I had a blind reading/writing teacher. She was the sweetest woman ever and had a disease that took her eyesight from her even though reading was her passion. She would start the year off just addressing her blindness and letting all of the students ask anything they want. One kid asked what she missed the most and she said "colors. Every night I just lay in bed separately trying to remember the color red so that I can never forget it." It was so touching and she was an amazing teacher. Nearly fought some kids for giving her blank sheets of paper claiming they were passes from another teacher.
The Terminator. Terminator 1 had Arnold in the movie for like 14 seconds.
It's interesting how we see one aspect of someone and don't appreciate all the other aspects that go into that person which led them to the successes we admire. Like....there's a lot of folks that chilled a little....and none of them landed a standing double There's also a lot of folks that didn't completely abandon their family....but they weren't Steve Jobs. Stuff like that is interesting to me. Edit: to be clear, I'm not saying you should abandon your family. But maybe I'm saying you should abandon trying to be Steve Jobs.
It’s really only terrible to me because of the awful laugh track Craig gives it
You mean more so than the single reporter saying it’s done with literallly none of the other best writers confirming?
*stanced*
In fairness you’re watching Romo highlights and not remembering all the other not good throws (I’m a day 1 romosexual. I’m just keeping it real. Even Brees and Brady throw bad balls). You’re comparing best of Romo to your recent views of all of dak.
As with any other breaking sports news, the ticket probably had mike talking about a 20 year old Tom petty concert for 20 minutes
My understanding is that none of those could be used for advertisements at least in America because there’s some law that dictated you can only use the actual product in your advertisements
Yeemyeemyeemyeemyeemyeeyee
Amazing. The whole Ed tweet blowing up is so confusing to me
no one is actually answering what'd they do, just saying how tehy'd react. I'd open a door removal company, and get a fat government contract.
BuT How WAs He eVeN SuPPosEd To HeLP? - every commenter in dhjf
BILL BELICHICK BILL BELICHICK BILL BELICHICK say his name 3 times, pats lose tonight, and he becomes our HC. Rooney satisfied already. Interviews now done. Bill comes to the big D
yes
I don't even like basketball but I'm hype af right now and about to fight someone
PSA if you ahven't seen that movie, you should watch it
tf is a shadow lion?
the one 3 blocks back screaming in terror wondering where her child went
The toyota logo will never not be a dude in a sombrero to me
from what I've been told about stupid games, a stupid prize
and that brady can't get a pass down field
oh hush. You're just pandering for upvotes, the video is just a joke and it's funny to think of the words of that song meaning iran is far away
If pats lose tonight, and Brady retires, Bill B comin' to dallas Loss tonight, Bill B might be.
most surprising thing to me was them letting this seemingly random dude sit in the driver's seat
I love that they looked him up and then arrested him for impersonating an office. Beautiful.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maAFcEU6atk
man....it's weird seeing your flare faded. Y'all have been so good for the game.
wow that's really dumb of them. I was being genuine, though. I really have enjoyed seeing the best coach/qb combo ever play
Don't wish me too much luck on our coaching hunt...I want yours and his contract is up. And brady might leave. And he seems to not have been super happy with Kraft on some personnel stuff soooooo gimme.
I mean it's literally listed as "raunchy" on the netflix descriptor
I wish there was a "down the line" shot of the net
Yeah I have been really confused and annoyed that ed's tweet went out like gospel when it was being confirmed by literally no one else and wasn't anything more than the speculation we'd all been hearing already. But even this one, I still need to hear it from slater or moore.
maybe jerry just wrote a nice sHEFTY check to keep that video down
Hey you remember that time jerry had a video get out of him partying hard with those hot girls in a bathroom stall? Exactly...
That was a pretty solid punchline
Why can't we make Bill Belichick the narrative here and get Jerry to write a big fat check to the guy who's unhappy with his ownership, losing his star QB, has an open contract, and would actually bring a ring to Dallas?
just the one. "I'm a cop"
Don't worry. I'm 100% with you. I will simultaneously hate that another NFCE team wins the SB, but will root for it the entire way thru the playoffs.
Fun fact, the whole 666 thing is more than likely referring not to satan but to the Emperor Nero Ceasar who was nicknamed "the beast" because he would dress in animal skins while doing things like raping his own mother. The spelling of his name was 616 or something like that, but the spelling of "beast" was 666, and so as kind of a snarky "we hate him" type thing, people would often spell his name as 666. I probably have some off details here, but the point is that the "antichrist" was probably nero and not satan.
it's because it's the only answer for this topic. There is no better post on reddit history.
I can’t tell if reddit loves or hates this guy
I own a couple of fairly successful businesses (like we have a COO and lawyers on retainer kind of actual business), and I had an old friend hit me up a week or two ago being all chummy and trying to offer me the opportunity of business ownership. It was just funny how they were acting like we were all close so they could get the sale but weren’t getting the hints that I owned actual companies and that their mlm was not, in fact, going to change my life and let me see what being my own boss felt like.
It’s not there, people just figured out that referencing monkey paw in Eagles threads is getting tons of votes RN so they keep doing it every time The Team is mentioned
That's like saying "sure this guys boxing gloves were fast, the boxer not so much" How do you think the club goes fast? Telekinesis?
With coaches like Mcvay in the league that’s not a super impactful thought
And that great coaching produces great QB play
Was he celebrating with the thriller dance?
Do you yell fake at tv shows too? Why can’t people just accept entertainment these days?
I mean not really
That Atlanta shirt guy is an aggressively bad actor
.... how would this not be an actual photo
Lmao him rhyming boot and foot
SHES NOT FUN DEFICIENT JOHN
He would need cobra to say it first so all he had to do was repeat corby’s last statement. This is the way.
Dude how many times do I have to read this same comment? Like half of this sub is this comment rephrased over and over rn
I’ve been trying to figure that one out. This campaign sucks
Joker. Its a straight up masterpiece.
Wow that looks amazing visually. What game is that?
Yeah this one seems like a pretty obvious answer. Show me an office that doesn’t have unused paper clips on most peoples desk as well as a supply closet with more in it.
Did any of those ever actually do something atrocious? That was the weirdest scare
Would you say that it’s more rpg or more action? Like this video gives me god of war vibes is it like that?
But I guess the question is why would we care more about the “old” slaves than we do current day just because they made up a bigger percentage of the population?
My favorite of which being “you gave us your money so we could fight for animal rights and we are the largest source of animal euthanasia in the nation”
This super trustworthy info graphic my friend shared on Facebook
Who is the first person to try that
Am I a bass person if this is hilarious to me
Yes because if it’s a lie I don’t want to believe it
Nuh uh
That last one is gonna need an explanation
There’s another one about how if there was sound in space the suns noise would be at some ridiculous level even this far away
You, sir, vastly underestimate the amount of beenie babies I purchased
The Alamo. This song. Liberty bell. We have a habit of making failures into anthem battle cries.
And frankly it was a masterful execution of a challenge. He knew the definition. But he made gene tell it to him verbally and then gene had no room for variance or discretion.
Dude not even close. Unless you want to just completely ignore Jerry the owner for Jerry the Gm. Jerry the owner is a hall off famer and the reason the cowboys, who should be irrelevant according to our actual success rate, are the most valuable sports franchise in the world. And the nfl is basically a 1 continent sport.
“Have you seen these computer graphics our producers 12 year old niece made?”
Also everyone on here will make fun of stations like E! And then have 3 weeks off top posts about some team’s new uniform.
And you know what? I’m fine with it. I just watched a video I enjoyed. Thanks robot account.
Mike May have been a legend but retiring was the right move. He has been phoning it in HARD for years.
I don’t understand this hot take reddit has. Mike was a legend and gave us the gift of the ticket, but he has phoned in his job harder than I’ve ever seen a job phoned in and he did it for years. Norm still actually watches sports, prepares material for his show, and doesn’t something more than just repeat what his cohost literally just said.
I had to slow mo it. But the flying kick didn’t do anything. Black shirt guy did all the work but white shirt guy looked like it was him
Yeah with Apollo you can scrub gifs. White shirt guy goes for the kick but moves his foot because black shirt guy got there
Hell I don’t care why he knows sports I’m just glad he actually watches sports. Mike used to say some of the most asinine stuff that made it so clear he didn’t even watch the games and corby constantly tried to save him like “yeah I think what you’re saying is ____” and Mike would just be like “yeah...yeah that’s what I meant”. And he literally would just repeat what corby had just said like at least half of the time he said something Dude is a legend. But it was time to go.
I feel like your the right one and this article is kinda dumb for shaming the HOA. Don’t get mad at the optional rules when they end up sucking. Either don’t do the optional rule or don’t get mad when it takes effect. Not saying this situation isn’t totally crappy for the teen who may have had no choice here, but don’t vilify the Hoa.
Damn he got ‘em
Dude running for office had to be so hard. I’ve literally done this with people I consider friends but maybe to talk to them but every month or so. Hell I’ve done it with people that are close friends. Sometimes you just draw a blank. Now imagine being nationally televised and knowing that literally every word you say could be the difference between getting and not getting the thing you’ve worked your entire life for. That’s real rough Edit: autoincorrect
There’s a difference between not knowing and totally blanking. If you’re under ~30, you haven’t yet experienced what the word “friend” ends up meaning.
Not at all! Really I just mean that as you grow older you consider people friends who you barely see. Which is way different from when you’re in high school or even early 20’s.
I think it may also just be more of a “hey here’s some insight into how the joneses are making decisions.”
Those 2 are totally in line with what I think elliot’s style truly is so that’s awesome.
Why did we get rid of him?
He has stirred it in the closet next to the ping pong table
That’s what impressed me most with em. Like go listen to [the ringer](https://open.spotify.com/track/2jt2WxXMCD4zjACthkJQVE?si=a0tuNQL1ROyesjka3njaVw) Dude had a different cadence every few bars. For an entire song. And kills every single one of them. Edit: also the ringer gives us the solid gold line of “welcome to the slaughter house, butch. Invite ‘em in like I’m one a day. I’m not done” get it? Like vitamin? COOOOOOOLD
I often say that their slogan should be “that’s pretty creepy....but thanks!”
Well I’m glad they were looking this time
&gt;“Correct” &gt; says it’s a different cat
I’m a company owner and always ask about hobbies because I want people who are capable of being passionate about something
He’s the type of guy who eats NY style pizza with a knife and fork
Very thoughtful of you to have linked it
If anyone ever wanted to know what “Fuck you money” was
It’s just doing whatever you want to do without any fear of repercussions
I do, however, need to know you’re the type of person to get pissed that someone might care about you and want to connect personally with you when we are going to be around each other 40+ hours a week for possibly decades. So yeah, your response may be the reason you’re having “several” interviews recently.
Sounds like what the county has done with your mom.
But.... but that’s awesome
This is reddit. Assumptions are truth and upvotes are the fact check around here.
Was that a common way to just say “don’t have my spar this guy”?
I’m really surprised to see them say 74% of pet owners in the uk play music for their pets while they’re gone. That sounds massive and seems very regional. I wouldn’t think the US would be anywhere close to that. Or I would think their survey was skewed.
I'd love to know your agenda while you were here. Always looking to give good suggestions to people coming in, and obviously whatever you did was awesome!
as a day one romosexual, I'm so glad he's getting to finally experienced being universally loved the way he should've always been.
I've heard no one that wants him to go to ESPN, for that exact reason. Where are you hearing "everyone" that wants him to go to ESPN?
I just don’t get liking a sport then hating the people who are best at it. What the patriots did over these past 2 decades is nothing short of incredible.
:-/ I wish we would split poetry into its own sub. This place gets overrun by it
but why would you not? Like who in their right mind saw Beethoven come out with a new symphony and was like "OH MY GOSH! Can this dude please stop getting so much praise???"
Unfortunately talent had very little to do with actually making money. I use videos like this when teaching people about marketing. Marketing trumps quality almost every time. Think you can make a better burger than McDonald’s? Think there’s a burger joint in your town with a better burger? Then why is Mcdonald’s selling billions of burgers and not you?
Eh I don't necessarily have a ton of analogies, but I can't recommend enough that you read a few books: 1: Influence: The Psychology Of Persuasion by Dr. Robert Cialdini 2: Start With Why by Simon Sinek 3: Creating A StoryBrand by Donald Miller those things will change your life in marketing. My companies have grown massively after I finished each of those books.
Yeah, he was the man in basically every way. Made the game so watchable and we got to know the snarky and charming Romo through his media stuff that everyone is getting to know nowl
The thing is, my statement is still true. It's just that Canada was more receptive to the marketing of a larger and uglier woman than america is. Y'all still got hit by the marketing machine. No one is safe, and the people who think they are (half of reddit that thinks they're impervious to marketing) are a marketing team's dream.
idk man, watching him play was an absolute blast
Yeah all this time He has led me to believe he was a great basketball player. What a hypocrite for having opinions I disagree with.
The trick? Fry that bologna
I don’t get this phrase. Of course you can Make it up. Guess what? I just added that she worked for the government and spent the next 6 months trying to get me deported. You can make up a lot of stuff.
The “if only” meme is also incredibly over used I guess I could set up a RES filter
Ok then why is five guys selling more burgers than the other quality burger joint on your town? My point still stays
My handwriting has always been bad but I had to write a thank you note the other day and I was astonished how bad it has gotten. And my Hand literally cramped. I just only type these days. It’s crazy.
Why is it so hard for people to put in finished products/freeze frame on final product etc. it seems so obvious
Actually I’m downvoting and reporting it just for that. This artist worked their ass off and only asked for a little but of respect in return
Because the person who spent hundreds of hours making it respectfully asked for you not to
I thought the same thing. Squared off shoulders are more of a man thing. But op said he asked a waiter and were wrong.
But the cap goes up. Of be interested to know that start but based only on contract year’s cap
Can you ELI5 please?
You’re acting like you have to watch the phone screen while filming
This guy *has* to be using paid vote manipulation, right? His jokes are awful but keep getting upvoted heavily yet all the comments are about how the joke sucks
So this is your fault
She ran over there like someone put a gun to her gramma’s head
I know this makes me sound like an old man but people with your attitude just create self fulfilling prophesies. Calendar dates are entirely arbitrary and saying “man good riddance to 2019” or “2020 is shaping up to be ___” is unwise. Just live life and execute each day to your fullest with a short memory on failings and a fond inspiration from successes.
Depends on which one was hotter
Was chanting Kobe big while he played?
Actually a reddit thread from a few months ago made me go get tested. 1 week after medicine almost every problem in my life was fixed. And it turned out that everything I thought was a character flaw, was actually a symptom. As an adult dude that can't remember the last time I cried, it made me break down and cry realizing how hard life had been and I didn't even know it. edit: [here's the thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bgg8w8/redditors_with_addadhd_whats_something_you_wish/)
cut uuuuuuup?
This album and kamikaze have both been fire
Well and I think the main flex is that he barely uses the same cadence twice on an album, much less a song. So like....this is just another cadence available to him, so he uses it when it would sound best.
Then welcome to falling squarely outside of their marketing avatar
Not as amazing as the first guy to do this over in /r/HighQualityGIFs, which makes this idea a repost, which in a way is the very accurate and meta (even in the spirit of HQG) commentary on reddit that he was going for [someone below was nice and found the original thread link](https://www.reddit.com/r/HighQualityGifs/comments/77d9ou/the_predictable_threads_are_driving_me_insane/)
It’s been a while. I welcome it. A+ OP
It’s this type of stuff that married me feel like I have autism. It’s like you can argue both sides of everything so hard and sometimes it’s hard to figure out which one is the “right” one
I had someone try to negotiate giving me a video testimonial for reduction of thousands of dollars. It’s kind of crazy how out of sync with reality people are for the value they bring to situations.
The thing that gets me most is his air time. It’s insane how long he hits the apex even in full speed
Well in fairness a big reason you don’t teach a baby to say stuff like that is because it has implications of stunting their social growth and opportunities now and in the future. If you’re will Ferrell’s kid, that’s not really probably going to be an issue.
I figured if he was going down that route he would have to call himself out, because that's how reddit works
Lmao wtf?
But also he has legitimate skill in creating engaging stories. Like...I don’t always read a long reply but I ALWAYS read his. And it ALWAYS gets me. And I ALWAYS love it.
The first dude through the hatch is such a socially awkward goofball and I love it with so of my heart
So what does protesting the Denver Capitol do for that
And really what are they expecting? I honestly don’t really get it. What does holding up a sign in front of a Capitol building going to actually do? And what do they even think it’s going to do?
Yeah but that doesn’t fit his narrative
“We understand that doing this might kill another 100,000 but we’re tired of racist people being in power so here, watch me hold this sign real emphatically”
And just get outside and do something Honestly I still don’t understand what people are really asking for or more importantly what they think protesting is or should *actually* do. It just seems like a massive let’s all get outside and acknowledge there is a problem fest
I do mountain biking and every trail I’ve ever ridden specifically tells hikers to go the opposite direction as the bikes. This was really on both parties. Bikers could’ve still ridden that. Hikers could’ve gotten more out of the way.
This feels ridiculous to ask but what would you even do online? Are you basically giving up the internet where discussion might occur?
And how all of a sudden she was Elsa? Yeah that was weird
Yeah I was wondering if that was just me. It only hits if I’m surfing an image or gif subreddit. I’m wondering if there’s some pet of cache that ends up crapping the bed after too much media
The end was great but the beginning was more /r/MildlyInfuriating that this motorcyclist spent 5 minutes featuring at a vehicle which was clearly doing no good instead of pulling over and calling the police to get a cruiser who might be able to do something to help the car slow down. I had a friend with epilepsy who had a seizure while driving. A hero noticed and got in front of him, spring down till he hit her then used her brakes to stop him. This bike was helpless and useless
That reddit 98% one single demographic and the accepted worldviews here are often just one of many equally acceptable views, even though we're told all the other ones are wrong.
Good thing he had the stool softener right there
Well would you at that? The entire point of the post
Be very aware of this everywhere Every post on reddit: Trump supporter [Does something bad that has absolutely nothing to do with their political views] Where’s all the: Hillary supporter loot and riot during peaceful protest posts? Appropriating bad acts to a group you don’t like can be scarily easy to turn into propaganda
Take of your pants. Shit on the floor. Get schwifty.
She must be an awful dancer. Like she’s god 15 left feet. Edit: I’m an idiot. But I’m leaving it so I feel the shame
Dammit I’m an idiot
I mean we have that now. I could get oasis but I’ve decided to wear glasses.
I mean are we ignoring ["I bench press 700 lbs"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aX-YuvQkSRE) Dallas Cowboys lineman [Larry Allen (highlights)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX-UIj1KHVw) [more highlights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdjvWcqx65c)
I hate these type of clearly biased headlines. It should read “idiots” not Christians. Where’s all the “Biden supporters loot locally owned business during peaceful riots” posts? Oh right, because their political view doesn’t replace that they’re idiots. On reddit you should be VERY aware of articles that start with “Christians” or “trump supporters” or anything like that that it’s a very subte way of promoting propaganda Literally every group of every type of group has idiots in it. Don’t get so pumped when you find the idiots in a group that’s not “yours”
Even then if they’re going to name the religion it really should be like “religious extremist” or something. It’s not like Christianity teaches to not go to the dr. The headline was made that way to get clicks from biased minds
Oh sorry I’ll stop enjoying it. And I’ll go throw out all my zeppelin tunes while I’m at it.
There’s two issues: chemical depression and what I’ll call just life depression. Chemical depression is going to need chemical answers like medicine of some sort. Getting diagnosed as ADHD as an adult and being medicated for that actually solved my depression. Turned out my depression was a symptom. Then the life depression revolved around Really evaluating what my priorities were an making sure I enforced them in my life. For me I have to have my priorities be 1) God 2) family 3) everything else When I find myself struggling with depression I almost always find that I’ve screwed those priorities up.
A) one of my favorite highlights B) I really wish announcers and people at my watch parties would stop saying “man that one was gonna go all the way” every time someone gets tackled. They very close to never go all the way. That one wasn’t going to have gone all the way.
I hate these icon posts with a passion and was still moved to upvote this one
One of the best “adult” realizations I’ve ever had was realizing when someone talks shut about someone else there’s a super high probability that the things they’re calling out are actually flaws they themselves have
So is he really not releasing more after that Kickstarter? I’d love one
Ok so devils advocate though- let’s use extreme numbers Is sparing one life worth losing 416 billion dollars? Keep in mind a million seconds is 11 days and 1 billion seconds is 32 years. If you said no, I’d argue that you’re only saying that because it’s so obvious where I’m going with this If you said yes, then the only conclusion is that there comes a point, somewhere, where the dollar actually does matter more than the life. And our government leaders are in an incredibly difficult spot trying to figure out where that line is drawn.
Mace they don’t show on mobile for some reason? I don’t see that
Not sure where you’re getting that impression. Collin county had 80 new cases in one day just a few days ago https://tabexternal.dshs.texas.gov/t/THD/views/COVIDExternalQC/COVIDTrends?%3AisGuestRedirectFromVizportal=y&amp;%3Aembed=y&amp;%3AdeepLinkingDisabled=y Edit: am I seeing this day 4 total hospitalizations or just since June 1 https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/c00baf45f12a4899aae1c812e29d6cde
/r/brandnewsentence
If you want to be a highly upvoted shitlord just type “how were they even supposed to help?” On literally any post in here. You’ll be on your way to 1 million comment karma in no time
Lightning bolt
I’ve always felt like people only say this because they’re supposed to. Like if you were to hear the song with no back story you wouldn’t think it was any good, and I have a weird issue with listening to music with anything but your ears
Honestly I’m convinced people only like the Johny cash version because they’re supposed to.
And also that it’s not a a song made by an old man who can’t sing anymore I feel like music should be judged using your ears and not your head. When using your ears, the cash version just....isn’t really good.
Wait what’s the remember comments sort? I can’t find that setting To that point a “search” field in settings would really be amazing. There’s a ton you can do in Apollo and even as a guy that knows features exist which I’ve turned on/off before, it’s usually pretty hard for me to find what I’m looking for
Having not heard of this rule I’m so glad you clarified I was like TF you supposed to do with 2 clubs?
Jeep trucks answer the question that no one asked
I don’t know what to name the ratio, but this has to be the biggest example of “dumb as fuck” idea to “highly upvoted” ratio I’ve ever seen on here.
“Tired of not having to clean dishes after eating from a disposable container that already has reusable qualities to it? Try this one dumb as fuck idea!”
I admire the effort but honestly that front cover looks terrible. Can you sand it and smooth it out or something? The angles are great but the actually product looks janky af
“What was the cameraman even supposed to do to help?” Just getting in to get my 8million karma since this comment gets max upvotes on every post in this sub Mods....help.....
Honestly I couldn’t hat the eagles during the McNabb years. The dude was really fun to watch and was pretty underrated imo.
Honestly, how many times do we think in the history of the world (or the history of the 20ish years that trampoline nets have a thing) do you think a dragonfly has gotten stuck like this? Are we seeing *the* time?
Nah, Romo was a blast to watch. I hate Eli with my everythingness. I think he got way too much credit, so it made me hate him lol. I guess the lack of credit McNabb got was the key factor in me enjoying him so much.
Dude it’s taking like 2 inches from the outside part of your wrist how is that angle
Bravo sir. That’s how you shut up random internet strangers. I was wrong.
/r/brandnewsentence
That’s actually a very good point
Man their comedic timing is incredible. Especially the skinny one and his pauses before he speaks. Perfectly timed.
My man!
I’m suddenly ok with the fact that every one of them I’ve seen has been dead
It's also fascinating how neither of these police officers are the officer that made the terrible decision to shoot 12 year old Tamir Rice, who was playing with a toy gun on a playground.
Why tf is everyone making this a race war? you have no clue what instigated this.
Either way everyone focuses on the wrong part. The only thing that matters is the very next part that say “but with God all things are possible” The point is that literally nothing about you or your wealth gets you into heaven. It’s Gods grace.
People love to focus on that without realizing that the only thing that matters/entire point of that verse is the next piece that says “but with God all things are possible” The point isn’t that being rich keeps you out of heaven. It’s that God and his grace is literally the only thing that gets you in.
Everyone please take a moment to appreciate that this didn’t say “Biden supporter trying to break a window”. We all just understand this person is an idiot, regardless of her political view. Now think about how often posts on reddit start with “trump supporter” or “Christian” or something like that. It’s low key propaganda. Arm yourself to recognize it.
Sorry but it is absolutely the point. Heaven is only achieved “by faith, through grace alone” meaning basically yes you have to believe in Jesus and that it is only Gods Grace that allows that to be the thing that gets you in to heaven. And you can’t just say “I believe in Jesus” and keep being a hateful greedy bastard and get in. Because if you actually believe in Jesus it will be evidenced by you wanting to change your life to more closely mimic what God wants from us
That’s definitely true about some things in the Bible. 1,000%. This isn’t one of them- there’s pretty much not going to be a single theologian that doesn’t say the point of Matthew 19:23 was to point out God’s ability to make the impossible.
I’m not sure how that matters? I doubt many say they are theologians but if you’re going to be debating the meaning of scripture it would be the theologian you should look to, not just a random guy with an opinion.
Sorry I’m new, what is an AD?
ah, got it. Thanks
What’s your pulley system look like?
Brilliant I have kept trying to remember to try anti fog stuff for ski masks I wonder if that would help too
Good idea Mine is in the living room. I’ve been trying to think of something I could easily put up and take down depending on if I’m playing or not
Because people like me don’t want to have to worry snout the mold issue that comes with front loaders
I own a company with over 10 employees and had an old coworker reach out like we were best friends and that she had been keeping up with me through social blah blah blah and kept trying to convince me that with her whatever I could be my own boss. I was like “...I don’t think you understand...I am my own boss”
That squeak really bothers me. $1k on hardware should buy me at least the quality of a Nintendo wii controller Also, side-whine. Buying the highest end option and having all the on screen controllers look like the vive bothers me too much
What did the deck end up setting you back in lumber and stain if you don’t mind my asking?
I wish more people on reddit understood the reality of business. It’s so hard for people to grasp A) the sheer scale of how big small business is in America and B) that businesses don’t just magically make money. If you don’t make revenue you can’t pay employees. That’s not the businesses fault (in a case like this)
Ok since it did you no good you can give back that 8 weeks of pay. I’ll give you my Venmo.
This happens when using 3rd party softwares like mail chimp or constant contact to send email blasts. It’s a way for that company to make sure that the people who are using it aren’t sending emails to people who didn’t sign up for them.
Then the nfl is shut down by Covid until their prime years are gone
Then he’s doing it right Mom and dad *should* love each other most. And the children should see that. Helps them feel secure and it will help them learn what it looks like to treat a loved spouse right
In trying to think of one,would having an educated work force in 18 years play into it? I can’t excuse not requiring masks and better precautions but if it’s going to be a year or o for a vaccine and if mass wxposure could help herd immunity is it worth considering how important it is for kids to get the right education at the right time during their most malleable years? And would the possible ramifications of not having school for a year play out into a bleak future a decade or so down the road?
-sent from my Huawei
Oh so then you’ve noticed the point of this post?
No bro it’s instant didn’t you read the title?
I get these too
Idk. The last time they tried to leverage their food as a way to get into smaller pants the guy kinda took it to the extreme
This is viral marketing for the new to y hawk game. Y’all why was Tony hawk completely gone for 15 years but now every 2-3 weeks we’re getting a Tony hawk related front page post?
Dude what does color have to even do with this? Blue lives matter
Yeah I think we all effectively decided to throw away our wallets when we picked up golf
Ehhhhhhh idk. The anti abortionist will argue you’re making a decision that absolutely 100% ends up with a human life dying. Comparable to putting the trigger on a gun pointed at someone’s head Them not wearing a mask definitely increases the chance they kill someone, no doubt. But so does them getting into and driving a car. It’s not a direct 1:1 “I make this decision and a human life ends” kind of thing.
Man they ripped this joke from some white couple that did it a few weeks ago. And then made it terrible.
Similarly aren’t there a ton of satellites out there? Why don’t we ever see them in shots from space?
I have some similar to this. They’re great for camping. You boil em and the stuff goes back into that disc to be used again
They better not hate on my buy Gus
There’s a difference in accepting a multi year process to rise and accepting a multi year process to fail
Did U kNoW CraZy Eyez vOluNteeReD iN 9/11
And me * If you just imagine taking out whoever the other party is in your sentence, it’ll tell you whether you should use “I” or “me” Like in this case you would’ve said “it happened to me!” So even though there’s someone else in your story, you would still use “me” Also congrats. That had to be fun
LPT: search your county tax records to find a property owners name. Doesn’t work obviously if they’re renting but helps if they own
Apparently this sex slave was a tide ad
In all the posts of this. I one is addressing that it seems like this is slo mo. Is that because it’s so obvious no one is bringing it up or does everyone think this is real time?
Edit: I was wrong, you guys were right. It’s in the rules. My bad.
Also abbreviated as tbh
Don’t forget the Democrats somehow chose Joe Biden to be the guy. I feel like the party just keeps *trying *to shoot themselves in the four
That’s kinda my point. I think Biden was a terrible choice for that. Right wing voters will have trouble seeing him with anything but “this was Obama’s guy”
I’m telling you, though- I’m deep in the Bible Belt and 90% of the people I interact with are republican. Biden is gonna have a real tough time overcoming that he was Obama’s VP if the republican voter hated Obama. And especially with all of his creepy old man stuff to little girls I just don’t know what the Democratic Party was thinking
welp...that's now in my browser history...
yeah that's actually a great work around I'm glad /u/iamthatis put in.
Even the Twitter team couldn't make it sound like a good thing. This is the most factual, entirely emotionless announcement of something this big that I can remember. Not even a "thanks Martha for leading us for so long" or anything. Just like "yeah she gone, next one up. Who's ordering lunch?"
na, it's just that the mcdonald's social media team has taken reddit seriously for the last few years. They're here a lot.
That dodge of tattoo guy’s right hook tho
Really? It seems WAY too big for his wrist to me. Maybe it’s just angle. Maybe it’s just preference.
Unpopular opinion: the first mad max is unwatchable. Even taking into account how pacing was slower back then, it’s just so boring
Guitar center should’ve used this guy instead of Rza demo
That other host deserves a raise, he handled this situation like a freaking champ
I think that, too, is a false dichotomy. So many people have trouble with nuances in the Bible but also want to throw away all of the scholarly work done to figure out when a story is just a story vs when it should be interpreted as an absolute truth. The very least of which taking things like writing genre into account. If I wrote my wife a love letter that said “I love you so much it makes my heart hurt”, you wouldn’t think I was actually feeling chest pain. Because you understand what is expected of the genre of poetry. But so many non believer take issue with stuff in the Bible without even the simplest forms of story being considered. like revelations (the stories about the end times) is a genre of writing that was very defined called “apocalyptic literature” Story helps teach. And the Bible uses stories. But It also give a lot of black and white information, though, on what should be taken literally. Saying that we can’t take any of the Bible literally because we can’t take some of the Bible literally is fairly small minded.
Yeah tbh I actually was thinking about how hesitant I’m going to be to take it due to how rushed thru it had to be. I mean I don’t think I’ll turn autistic, but I also don’t wanna end up sterile.
I’m pretty sure you have to manually turn them on, or they turn on automatically at the sound of gunshots
Oh ok I see. Yeah it’s a beautiful piece I’m glad my perspective was off. Congrats
What strap is that? I like it
I think not enough people understand or appreciate what an indication this is of just our culture’s inability to hold focus more so than everyone being an idiot and not caring. Which it’s obviously that, too, but our culture Hasn’t has to care about anything for 3 months like... ever. Outside of direct relationships. It’s wild
I'm new here, what is chuffs?
Just be careful to understand that reddit likes to think it isn’t, but is still just a small cross section of the “reality” of public opinion It’s dangerous to not be around people with whom you disagree
Now I’m just more confused :(
Ah awesome thank you. Yeah I’ve landed on a couple of good videos, they’ve been great for me, a beginner
I am in love with The office/Parks &amp; Rec/TGP. And I usually think Terry Crews and Andy Samberg are hilarious. So I should absolutely like Brooklyn nine nice right? But I feel like there's something wrong with me in that I just can't do it. I hate the walkie talkie sound between scenes. Everything feels super forced. Nothing lands right IMO. It feels like I'm watching Big Bang Theory but they replaced the laugh track with "but we're edgy tho amirite?". But people love it, so I'm willing to accept that I'm the wrong one.
right?? Like how does OP not realize that's literally the point of this post
Welcome to Texas, son.
"when seconds count, the police are only minutes away"
People a lot of times are like "I would only carry where I felt like it was necessary" Do you think all those people who got shot up in a movie theatre figured it was a threatening place? What about inside of church? Crap happens everywhere unfortunately :-\
Can confirm. Each church I've been a member of (only two, but still) had a team of security folks who knew each other (both churches it's been people who were firearm instructors, or like one of them was lead by this dude I used to train under in martial arts who is scarier without a gun than with) but the congregation didn't know who was on that "team". It's sad, but necessary for situations exactly like this.
Also, Reddit is real quick to start stories with "trump supporter"/"Republican"/"Christian" when the person is doing something aggregious. But where's this guy's political view listed? And why were no political parties listed for all the people looting during the peaceful protests?
He was having to shoot over people seated in pews. He was highly trained and shot as high as he could while still stopping the threat. Pew pew over the pews.
It’s decently common amongst folks that carry. But yeah it’s a great quote that’s very true.
Lmao I like this one Imagine, he’s tried everything. He’s borderline insane at this point that he’s so bored in quarantine. Finally a glimmer shadow of hope. Something that, no matter how useless it is, will definitely help a few hours go by. 10 minutes of giddily setting it up, thinking of how fun it will be to learn this new trick, make adjustments, try harder, and how satisfying it’s going to feel when he finally makes it. First throw, the whole thing is over. Now he must once again face that real life exists, and it’s shit.
*you* wouldn’t. But the place wasn’t built for adults.
I really appreciate that you had enough empathy in you to recognize what you had done to that kid and let it effect you in such a positive way. Good job, man.
Per Dodd-Frank, Mortgages originated after 2014 have to be (oversimplifying a bigger topic here) 6 months late before the foreclosure process can start. And the process takes about 2 months. Add that to all the Covid 19 payment deferrals and inevitable loan mod programs and you’re probably hoping for foreclosures to occur almost 3 quarters before we’ll most likely actually see a big climb.
/r/DontHelpJustFilm
I legit didn’t know that there were two actual tags
It’s to recognize the idea that you’re taking up a cause that you fully realize doesn’t actually really matter but you’re ready to fight passionately about it. Not that Lisa was that self aware, but that’s the satire of it
I agree whole heartedly but these “please wear a mask” posts are becoming such a circlejerk.
Idk why this makes me think of a [trammel of archimedes](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/Trammel_of_Archimedes_Large.gif)
“Yeah... the guy in a 10,000 dollar tank is gonna have a business plan...COME ON!”
And there’s a wall!
Found the northerner
As a fellow Texan, I’m so confused. How can you live in Texas and not have fear and respect for tornadoes in your blood?
I’m so glad someone else is pointing how obvious all those ring videos are at being adverts. But Reddit eats that shit up
I used to have a tiny ball python (like 4’ maybe 1-2” diameter) and was extremely impressed at how tightly it could squeeze. Watching this all I could think was how she could’ve legit lost that arm with them taking so long to solve the problem
Your dad has
I’m pretty sure uncoiling it is the only real option outside of apparently putting rubbing alcohol on its nose or pouring coke on it
Please... say it slower
Honestly it feels like half the time these protests are really more about people being hired than people caring about blm
I mean Xkcd grew a cult following by stating facts in in panel format, why not this guy
How is this the second Jamal Adams thread this week where we end up talking about Jennifer Anniston? Is it the initials?
And like...that’s how it is now? Like how people refer to computer Bug’s without realizing it started as a literal bug, there’s actually people saying “teabag” thinking it’s entirely innocuous?
I mean if your 5 year old son is in a group of 5 year olds that keeps coming in and saying “daddy! Don’t forget to brush your teeth” I think you’re good
Yeah but the folks on /r/Texas are not the folks going out without masks. Hence why it’s such a circlejerk
Tony hawk has been out of the spotlight for like a decade They announce a new Tony hawk game Since then literally every week or so we get some front paged post about tony hawk. This will likely be downvoted a lot The astroturfing for this new tony hawk game has been insane.
That’s awesome
I actually got to be at that game. Did the $25 standing room tickets to get some friends in who hadn’t ever been able to afford a game and was in that end zone for this play. We lost and no one was even mad. It was such an incredible game to witness. Historical to me.
Like they'd put all the stuff the *actually* want to hide in there before releasing a video on the internet?
I’m nOt saYiNg He’s BaD, OnLy ThaT YoU sHouLdNt PaY HiM
You saw what he did with amendola, right?
“I clicked on a story about this, I can’t imagine why someone would make a story about it”
My point was that it interested you. So of course someone would do a write up on it when there’s nothing else going on
In what way?
This thread *has* to be overtaken by astroturfing, right? The sale is for .80 cents. Too many people are flipping out about this for it to not be astroturfing
Exactly. Zero percent chance this thread isn’t packed with votes and moments from employees of the product
Hours intuitively does it tell you where the problem is? I have no idea what I’m doing with computer builds, I just asked friends and threw a bunch of money at Alienware
Before getting mad at society, ask yourself- what are *you* doing? Everyone thinks it’s someone else’s job and gets all high and might about it. But are *you* taking 10/20/30% off the top of your earnings to give to the poor? Because that’s what your implying society should do. Money doesn’t just exist- even though there’s a ton of it it’s still a finite amount and to distribute means that less of it goes to other people, and if you’re not willing to accept that you can’t get mad at others for feeling the same way, even if they make more than you.
“Yeah but someone *else* should really do something to help the poor” - most of reddit that complains about wealth inequality And before you start talking about how it should only come from the rich, remember that wealth is relative. Pretty much anyone on this site would be “rich” to many countries. So if you’re unwilling to give up some of your lifestyle to assist the poor you can’t get mad at others for feeling the same way.
Seriously. Whooooooole lot of fuckin pronouns up in this B
I hope you’ve sold your car and bike everywhere then. Fortunately in philly y’all have pretty decent public transport to help with that
Ok now tell that to some kid in a third world country who has to walk 10 miles to get water Wealth is relative. You are a relative billionaire to those in true poverty and they could say the same argument “oh fuck off, you giving me 20% of you income means I would actually have clean water and a roof over my head but you’re too worried about the transmission in your car going out when even if it did you’d still be able to afford public transportation” My point is that it’s always someone else’s responsibility. And that’s a big problem in America is that no one is willing to admit that we are all part of the problem, or at the very least that we could sacrifice to help. It’s always gotta be someone who’s better off than you, but that’s a keeping up with the Jones mentality. You are wealthy, relatively. You have the power to change lives.
