It had an important message that eclipsed the quality of the song. At the end of the day, This Is America was a terrible mumble rap song where you couldn’t understand half of Childish Gambino’s lyrics, which only gained notoriety because it spread an important message about the necessity of gun control in the US. Considering his early work, you’d expect far better from Childish Gambino.
That’s the way Twitter used to work until a few years ago.
And you wonder why so many men are turning towards the red pill or inceldom...
Maybe they should try to do something noteworthy like winning a league. But hey, playing all heroes in competitive matches is something, right?
If there aren’t loads of ‘FREE KUKU’ signs in the crowd at the Chongqing Major, I will be really disappointed in the Dota community.
And incels wonder why people don't like them. They're harassing random users like that and posting their message logs like their own personal badge of honour.
Leffen won in DBFZ too? Nice!
Leffen quits DBFZ and mains Goku in SSBU.
Well TierZoo is right. The tardigrade is basically someone that has min-maxxed on resistances, took cryptobiosis and forgot to sink evolution points into anything else. It’s never a winning strategy.
Oh deer.
I agree but also disagree at the same time. Every Smash game prior to or following Melee had serious problems that turned competitive players away from them, whether that’s a tripping mechanic that punished players for movement, techniques like air dodging that were removed due to the exploits they created, hazard-ridden stage design that made most of the stages illegal in tournament play, a neutered roster with fan-favourites cut because of hardware limitations (e.g. Ice Climbers cut from Smash 4 because they wouldn’t function on Nintendo’s weak 3DS system), shitloads of tournament-banned stalling/infinite exploits, gameplay that is too slow/defensive, no Story/Adventure mode to keep players interested, or just one overpowered character that defines the entire meta (e.g. Meta Knight in Brawl.) If anything, I think Ultimate is going to be huge because it’s not being shackled down by a hatred of competitive play for a change. Brawl was majorly hampered by this, and 4 came out just months after Nintendo previously tried to shut down an EVO event for dare hosting a Melee tournament. And now we’ve got a more conscious Nintendo that is trying to embrace the competitive scene. Granted, Ultimate is not going to be Melee or Project M but I’ll be damned if it isn’t the closest we’re ever going to get to Melee 2.0. That, and Melee isn’t going to last forever. Physical copies of the game are becoming increasingly rare, Gamecubes and older generation Wiis are going to suffer hardware failure sooner or later, and CRT monitors are going to fail too. Yes, there’s emulation and the GC emulation scene has come a really long way, but there’s no way Nintendo are going to be cool with a scene that has to mass-emulate an older game, unless they actually decide to re-release Melee as a Virtual Console title themselves.
You should’ve responded with “BEGONE THOT!”
Well I will be hoping she makes the first contact. After what happened last month I haven't dared to text her since. She hasn't blocked me, but she last texted me to tell me to forget about her and not text her again, all because I tried to talk to her about the breakup.
We shouldn't avoid discussion of these topics. The only thing worse than holding a controversial opinion is not constructively challenging, exploring or sympathising with it, and that is exactly why incel communities have become so toxic lately. If you ridicule, silence and dismiss people for their views, they will turn resentful towards you. This is exactly why Brexit happened, because everybody who had opinions against our lax immigration policies were branded racist bigots and the issue was swept under the rug.
Which celebrity needs to come out already.
I think poker is the natural progression of a former Starcraft pro. Kiwikaki did pretty well on the WSOP after he quit SC2. CombatEX now plays poker and has recently been streaming his sessions.
I think there are two things Blizzard can do to fix Ranked play: 1. Allow players to queue by role in Ranked. This is already a thing in League of Legends, and has helped reduce team infighting and toxicity by a massive amount, because players are given predetermined roles when entering a Ranked game. 2. Punish players with warnings, suspensions and permanent account bans for troll picking - this being when you troll pick a DPS/bruiser/support hero as last pick when your team needs a dedicated tank or healer.
Riot has already been punishing players for troll picks in League of Legends. This is part of the reason why the LoL community tends to take that game a lot more seriously. And League is the kind of game where players can carry, since there are mechanics that reward individual skill/knowledge like items, last-hitting, warding, etc. HotS on the other hand lacks these mechanics for most heroes and is a lot more reliant on teamwork and communication. In League you can keep yourself safe from most ganks through situational awareness and warding, whereas in HotS, players refusing to warn you about that guy who left lane to gank you will get you killed. In HotS you also get crippled by teammates who lack the mental capacity to soak lanes and put the entire team at a level/talent disadvantage. I dunno about HotS but they have banned one-tricks in Overwatch under the guise of trolling before. In actuality, allowing people to play what they want regardless of the context doesn't work in a team game.
First of all, the bans were solid. Jaina and Kael'thas can be incredibly dangerous in team fights. Secondly, here is what each enemy hero brings to the table: * Malthael - Can be played pretty well off-lane. His sustain is quite good and he's an incredibly 1v1 duellist. He's also a massive problem for double warrior comps due to his percentage based health damage. * Chromie - Used to be the premiere burst assassin, but she's not really much of a threat anymore. The visibility, damage and cooldown changes to her W have turned her into a bottom tier pick almost overnight. Just dodge the skillshots. Although she has an ice block, the 2 second hearthstone cooldown talent is also really viable and makes it easy for her to retreat. * Lunara - Her sustained damage is incredibly annoying, but she relies quite heavily on autoattacking, and she has no escapes. There are a few good options for this composition, like: * Garrosh - Garrosh is retardedly good against both melee and ranged comps. His Groundbreaker will be surprisingly easy to hit on the likes of Chromie and Lunara. He also has the option to throw Malthael away with Wrecking Ball should he get too close. Did I also mention that he has a taunt and the ability to throw allies out of danger? * Tracer - If she gets on top of a backline hero, they're toast. * Anub'arak - He's an anti-caster tank. He will do very well in shutting down the likes of Chromie and Malthael in particular. * Artanis - Artanis has the potential to make mincemeat of the backline. He's also a very capable offlaner due to his shield sustain, waveclear and Seasoned Marksman talent which rewards him for waveclearing. * Medivh - Landing Master's Touch stacks is going to be quite hard against a ranged heavy comp, but I think Medivh is worthwhile simply because Force of Will can shut down Chromie's burst so well.
And that’s part of why I don’t buy Valve’s explanation, and why I don’t particularly trust TNC’s side either, because TNC had been exposed trying to cover up Kuku’s racist conduct. Kuku had already been punished by TNC with a rather significant fine. If Valve were unhappy with the punishment and felt it wasn’t severe enough, they could have contacted the organisation or made an official ruling long ago. Alternatively, if they wanted Kuku and Skem banned, they could have made an official ruling of their own and taken some responsibility. And if Kuku wasn’t banned from attending the major by the authorities, why had there been weeks of speculation and rumours being thrown around by people outside TNC about his ban from China?
And I still think that if it released 5 or 10 years earlier, it would have been lauded as a chart topping hit with little question over its lyrical content.
I wonder if Valve are just doing as he says because they have no policies of their own.
That almost makes him smart enough to watch Rick &amp; Morty.
A few more things to learn: 1. Wavedashing - Yes, as an unintended consequence of bringing back directional air dodging in SSBU, it's confirmed as being back, but it doesn't work the same way presumably because of the nerfs to dodge spamming. I'm sure it will still find uses but be nowhere near as prevalent as it was in Melee. 2. Dash cancelling - Ultimate allows you to chain all types of ground attacks including jabs, tilts, smashes and specials straight out of a dash by cancelling the dash and executing the move within a frame. This alone makes the game more aggressive and mobile than Brawl or 4 ever was. 3. DACUS - This was possible in Brawl and even in Smash 4 before Nintendo patched it out. I don't know if it will be possible to cancel a dash attack into an up smash in Ultimate but if it is, it's a great gap closer.
Well if I were an indie dev I'd flock to Epic at this point, especially when the Unreal engine royalties are waived on revenue generated from the Epic Games Store.
No. From what I remember Ape Escape was widely regarded as a great game, and is better than half the crap that made it on the console. Also, people moan about the lack of Crash and Spyro on the PS Classic when both games literally got AAA remakes in the past 18 months.
1. Abathur 2. Sonya 3. Muradin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAj26rVWK14
I think the best way to combat an extreme ideology is to challenge it, not completely blackball anybody with a controversial opinion. Doing the latter risks polarising the community even more. The Brexit vote and Trump’s rise to power are probably the best examples of this.
I didn't know he was an e-thot.
It’s different for Blizzard for two critical reasons: 1. The imbalance and sheer rate at which they release new Hearthstone expansions suggests that HS is under a severe level of P2W. This is literally almost as bad as what Supercell do. 2. While they didn’t start it, they certainly popularised the lootbox model with games like Hearthstone, Overwatch and Heroes of the Storm to make people gamble money for a chance at getting the cosmetics they want. For the HotS community in particular, it meant pulling existing skins from sale and making them available only for limited promotions Ie.g. Bikini Stitches) - further adding salt to the wound. For number 2 in particular, I remember wanting to buy a particular skin that Tychus had (Power Briefs Tychus) which was only made available again during the Nexomania event. Even though Blizzard put all past Suns Out Guns Out skins on sale during Nexomania, they didn’t do this for PB Tychus, so I had to buy around $30 worth of lootboxes so that I could get the shards necessary to craft one of the three variants of that skin. If it takes $30 for a guaranteed craft of a legendary skin, it’s a predatory P2W business model in my eyes.
That's a 500 IQ play right there.
Lemee guess, 500 atoms will be credited to the accounts of those affected? I don't think things could get worse for Bethesda right now. They released a glitchy, boring and broken game, conned everybody who bought the power armor edition with a bin liner quality bag, had a bunch of bigoted homophobes expose how nonexistent in game reporting is, and now they have a huge data breach. Surely heads must be rolling at Bethesda right now.
Because I lose more points for each loss than I gain for each win. Matchmaking is honestly a crapshoot.
The difference is that Zero's balance opinions are totally valid and some random scrub's opinions aren't.
I'm looking at some of the discussion on the forums. Just to clarify, is Banned User #7 referring to Goose?
It won’t. Ladies hate players and virgins at the same time. The best answer is to not play.
#OHHH MYYYY!
It's probably that which is getting the devs blackballed.
It's banking on the notion that if Linux supported everything, people would switch. That's unlikely to be the case, especially when the vast majority of consumers are not tech savvy.
I think paid mods could've worked if they were heavily curated and controlled by Valve themselves. What we actually got were a load of core and dependency mods being pulled from NexusMods, being paywalled on Steam, and breaking the whole ecosystem. And that's not even going into the rife amount of infringement, trolling and even borderline scamming that occurred for the short time that paid mods were a thing. Bethesda had a better solution of restricting the ability to sell mods to approved creators, instead of allowing literally anybody to sell a mod without the proper checks.
The easiest way to unlock new characters is by playing Classic Mode. Each playthrough as a specific set of characters gets you a guaranteed unlock fight, and if you fail one, just play two battles and go to Champion's Challenge in the Games &amp; More menu to rechallenge them. There is a chart of unlockable characters on the smashbros subreddit. For instance, your first completion as Mario will unlock Sonic. There's also World of Light, which takes about 20+ hours to complete, but that's the slowest method. Otherwise, there are ways to unlock characters more quickly.
I've heard in some cases HFCS is far more harmful to the body than sugar. It's been linked to cancer, diabetes, dementia, heart disease, tooth decay, liver failure and other nasty symptoms. Even in moderation.
https://i.imgur.com/rBzM4Sh.gif
I really want Overwatch League to fail, not only because I find that game insanely un-fun to play on a serious level, but also because I feel it’s absurd that an Overwatch franchise is an insanely overpriced $20,000,000 USD buy-in. Then there’s the fact that I’m a fan of xQc and feel like Blizzard really victimised him with unfair suspensions while he was a part of the league. There’s also a sense of hypocrisy and double-standards when Blizzard are upholding account suspensions and bans because they saw sarcastic remarks and petty insults in a player’s chat logs, while at the same time one of their casters is is [mocking and taking the piss out of xQc on an internationally broadcasted stream.](https://youtu.be/fa5dFkG9Z3Q)
***(speaks in faux-Dutch accent)*** “Guys, let’s be real here. HOTS is a dead game! I’d rather play a game that came out 15 years ago than this horsecrap!”
Labour could easily drop the hammer on May. But Corbyn's too weak to do so.
Chris chan is basically Caillou in adulthood.
WarCraft III Remastered aside, it's very telling when pros left, right and centre are ditching a game because it's quite clearly a sinking ship. Grubby raised some legitimate points about hero balance, matchmaking and the decline in viewership. If he's losing thousands of viewers from streaming HOTS compared to WC3 then of course it makes no sense to stream it.
EA's stock slides coincided heavily with the failure of Battlefield V, from the controversial virtue signalling in their announcement which showed a historically inaccurate depiction of a British woman (you only saw women fighting in the Red Army in WW2) fighting on the Western front alongside a katana wielding guy, [to Patrick Soderlund calling the Battlefield fanbase 'uneducated' for deeming the game an inplausible scenario and tanking pre-orders of his own game](https://www.vg247.com/2018/06/13/ea-dont-like-women-battlefield-5-dont-buy/), to the eventual delayed flop that BFV became. I'm also pretty sure that the lootbox investigations being done by regulators are also dropping investor confidence in game companies generally.
I wonder if Nintendo will patch this. Doesn't feel right.
To get rid of May and take control of Brexit, I think they would. Even though she's messed everything up, she still has a higher approval rating than Corbyn. And that's because of Corbyn's also hard-line Brexit stance.
&gt; Destroying a Fort or Keep will now provide your team with a stacking 20% increase in Passively-earned Experience https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/138/246/tumblr_lltzgnHi5F1qzib3wo1_400.jpg
I’m not the OP by the way.
I got a 9.5 as Young Link. That alone felt incredible.
#FINALLY
[That joke aged well.](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2018/dec/12/theresa-may-defeats-leadership-challenge-by-83-votes)
You really think May's gonna call a People's Vote or rescind A50?
I'd replace Elise with either Amy Rose or a random Sonic OC from deviantart.
Yes mein fuhrer.
Clearly they lack braincels.
This is the future of gaming, ladies and gents. Capcom turning your fighter into a billboard may seem silly but give it 5 years and we will see everyone else try to make a quick buck on this idea too. Imagine playing a new Call of Duty game and throwing a Doritos branded grenade. Or having a Mountain Dew grip on your assault rifle. It'll be the dystopian future that /r/montageparodies predicted.
1. They didn't desecrate an Islamic monument. 2. They'd probably be in serious trouble with the Egyptian authorities. [Maybe not to the point of getting stoned to death, but they could face several years in jail if they were ever extradited to or return to Egypt.](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/egypt-investigating-after-couple-ignites-controversy-nude-photos-great-pyramid-n945581) 3. Pretty much any civilised culture would frown upon a couple climbing on top of a historical monument and having sex on it.
&gt; It's a sign of most MPs asking "what better alterantive is there?" Exactly. Theresa May's premiership isn't under threat because the Conservative opposition is too small and too disorganised to oppose her. The rest either don't want her gone or simply don't have the balls to file a vote of no confidence in her. As for the other parties, not even Jeremy Corbyn has the strength to pose a real threat to the PM, especially since he lost a lot of support both in his own party and from the public due to his hard Brexit stance.
A mixture of buffering and good mechanics.
J Allen Brack is like the other figureheads still standing at Blizzard - so out of touch with his company’s fanbase. Let’s hope this tanks Activision Blizzard’s stock further and makes some heads roll.
What else can we do? They’re the reason we can’t have nice things.
Competency based questions are there to test how you’d respond in certain situations. Some can be a bit outlandish and make you think too far outside of the box but generally it’s to see how you would respond in such a situation and to prove that you have the necessary mindset to do it. I don’t like them either but they’re standard procedure - deal with it.
To date I’ve only left two positions, both of which were call centre roles. The first I was sacked from, because the client imposed unreasonable targets that made everybody underperform, Management then decided to shitcan me because they had a personal grudge against me. Thankfully I found out months later that karma bit one of these managers in the ass when they got fired for fraud. The second was a role in another city that I took out of desperation. I quit this one after two weeks because the workload was really stressful, taking back-to-back calls for 8 hours straight with just one 30 minute break was hurting my throat, because it was the kind of place where you had to ask the shift desk manager for permission to get water or use the toilet, then have said permission denied because there’s a bajillion calls queuing, and because management expected me to come in for a late shift, finish at 11pm and spend a long time commuting back home, just hours before I had to sit an accounting exam. I only have two (conflicting) regrets and both were with the first role: 1. I didn’t resign the moment they started taking formal action against me. That should have been the moment where I walked. 2. I didn’t take them to an employment tribunal. I truly think I could have dragged them through the dirt.
Now we HOTS fans know how you guys feel.
Accounting.
What did he do, perfect shield a final smash?
Go to LoL. I'm sure Riot would appreciate your work more than Blizzard.
Really wish I hadn't bought the Janitor Leoric skin either. If I knew they were gonna shutter HGC, kill HOTD and gut out the dev team, I would've told Blizzard to screw themselves instead. Can't help but feel the announcement was deliberately delayed as a "we have your money, now fuck you."
The only way I can see Heroes surviving next year is for a grassroots competitive scene to flourish from HGC's remains. What you'd need is a passionate player base, capital to start a business, some sponsors, some talent and the ability to stream on Twitch. It's entirely possible for this game to have a renaissance from going grassroots, and crazier things have happened in the past. I mean Super Smash Bros Melee was dead for so many years until a bunch of Smashers got together to revitalise the scene into one of the most watched esports. I had this thought at work today. How viable would it be to start a grassroots HotS league?
The real question: Will it be a true slav squat or one of those filthy Western spy squats?
These people just lost their jobs and weren't even given any prior notice or warning from Blizzard before their league got shuttered for the sake of a higher shareholder bonus. And you're mocking them because they didn't choose a more popular game... Please, just go fuck yourself!
It did screw around non-pros too. A lot of people wouldn't have bought skins or boosts that recently went on sale had they heard that HGC was being killed.
He looks like he should be in a 90s boyband.
Can we charge her with crimes to music instead?
I have a one year boost that I purchased just weeks before this announcement was sprung upon me. I’m also sure that Customer Support will decline a refund. It’s not worth doing a chargeback for that £50 either because it will lock out my entire battle.net account and could potentially be considered credit card fraud. So I plan to stick it out until I see how well the grassroots scene (if any) builds upon the game. I will be supporting the grassroots orgs and teams by buying Twitch channel subscriptions and merchandise that I like - and I encourage anybody else here to do this because they need our money now more than ever - but there is no way I will make more in game purchases in this game. Heck, I’m seriously considering cancelling my WoW sub over this because I don’t support the direction that Blizzard is taking their franchises. I only play it because I have former colleagues that I play actively with.
Then I agree with PsiCopAI here. You evacuated for a perfectly justifiable reason and the dates that you were terminated would match up. If your former employer gives you shit over it, challenge their version of events. If their explanation makes you lose out on a job opportunity, look into legal action because technically it would be defamatory.
Point being that the League scene is really cutthroat. Even if he's Challenger tier, I doubt he could end up on a decent Korean roster or playing LCS Korea.
Well he hasn't streamed hots for a few months, so of course he's gonna be out of touch.
Ladies and gentlemen...
That’s very easy to explain. In 2015, when Blizzard added the silence penalty to the game, they began to automate how they processed abusive chat reports. Individual reports would get ignored but players who were reported often by an arbitrary number of players would get automatically banned. If you don’t believe me, Asmongold exposed this within hours of the system being introduced when he asked players on stream to falsely report him and got his account silenced as a result. Other players who were not toxic or who didn’t use chat at all got silenced live on stream, including chu8, Kendrick and Grubby. There are several major flaws with the system: 1. It encourages report system abuse - groups can essentially bully a player they don’t like by spamming them with false abusive chat reports and getting them unfairly banned. 2. Silences doubled in duration each time, and this made HOTS accounts unplayable in Ranked for a very long time. It takes just nine silences for your account to be slapped with a 512 day silence, and in HOTS, silences mean you can’t play ranked. It encourages players to grind or buy smurf accounts, and yes there is an industry around account selling and powerlevelling in HOTS. 3. Individual reports do jack shit, which is why your reports didn’t get actioned. Believe me, I report toxic chat all the time. I’ve seen people post homophobic, islamophobic, transphobic, pedophilic and racist comments in general chat and I’ve reported these a lot in the past. I’m as disgusted as you are with the game’s community. 4. If Blizzard find anything wrong with your chat logs after you get auto banned, like you using mature language like ‘shit’, ‘ass’, ‘crap’ or ‘fuck’ (regardless of context), or calling an inting troll a feeder or an idiot, they will just uphold the ban and rudely fob off any further appeals.
Was it a truly great game though?
Very dumb. Like if military researchers found a way to weaponize this level of stupidity, humanity would be fucked.
Lawyer up. I and a lot of people here on Reddit don't understand employment law fully, but this sounds like grounds for a lawsuit.
When Day[9] cares more about HOTS than Blizzard.
No cause otherwise it would have been Meta Knight winning
I said it before and I'll say it again. SAO was an incredible concept ruined by poor execution and poor writing. The second arc made me drop the series entirely.
Didn't they try to show Dota 2 and Overwatch on ESPN only for actual sports fans to be like "what the fuck is this nerd shit?"
Our team was too passive and barely pushed that game. They were playing it like they were derping around. I personally couldn’t cut their slack because I was playing Chromie, a hero with a moveset designed specifically for killing heroes. Her only ‘waveclear’ ability is her W, which is on a restrictive CD and isn’t that effective for clearing waves.
Actually, [Brawl has the lowest hitstun in the series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSluwQoIfnE#t=1m57s)
No. Because this would be financially supporting Blizzard, who will undoubtedly get a cut of these war chest sales. If you want to chip into esports, it's better to give money to the TOs and players directly. There are many ways to do that.
They showed a build with this last Blizzcon - exclusive only to fucking attendees...
And it's a pretty easy game to finish. Seriously, the difficulty curve was neutered in favour of an open world approach.
It's surprising how deluded people are about why Battlefield V failed. Battlefield as a franchise is hailed for its historical accuracy and while they do take a few liberties here and there to make a more fun game, they do a much better job at trying to make a realistic game than Activision's studios do with the Call of Duty series. Fans were disappointed with the trailer because they took too many liberties and didn't make a remotely realistic depiction of World War II. It's not just the female combatants on the western front (women only ever fought in direct combat under the Red Army in WW2) but also soldiers running around with bionic limbs and katanas. EA could have simply explained that it was a teaser meant to reflect the customisation options available in the battle royale mode, or just let the backlash die down without a response. Instead, Soderlund turned around, branded anybody who questioned the historical accuracy of the game an uneducated bigot and told them not to buy the game - which, based on the catastrophic sales of BFV, is exactly how gamers responded. At the end of the day, BFV failed because DICE went woke and went broke. Their attempt at virtue signalling backfired catastrophically.
If Bandai Namco want to make a lot of money, I suggest they get Arc System Works and Capcom to collaborate on a fighting game crossover. Just imagine it.... Shonen Jump vs Capcom.
It probably has the most balanced roster of any FG. Even low tiers can do pretty well in tournaments.
[That's how it's defined on wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flowers_\(Sweet_Female_Attitude_song\)) 🤷‍♂️ And honestly, if [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQCQnARnKbc) can be classed as garage, then SFA can too.
&gt; Bringing back the ability to directly purchase individual skins with Gems Oh shit, Blizzard are listening to the community.
If there's a silver lining to EA's corporate greed, it's probably going to get lootboxes illegalised or highly regulated in the Western market. Now imagine if the ESRB turned around and demanded that every game with a lootbox system gets an Adults Only rating. That would either cause lootboxes to die or cause retailers to finally pick up AO rated games.
Yeah, if I was Grandmaster level in HotS I'd be taking my skills elsewhere too.
Oh shit it's Asgore from Undertale.
Unpopular opinion incoming: I really want Overwatch League season 2 to fail. It would be hilarious if viewership dropped due to the game's state and because gamers simply don't respect Blizzard anymore, to then make Robert Kraft and all the other big investors who bought into franchises drop the hammer upon Blizzard.
This means one of three things: 1. Blizzard are outsourcing their customer service to a third party to cut costs. 2. Blizzard are merging their customer support team with Activision's to cut costs. 3. Blizzard are using machine learning technology to automate their customer support to cut costs.
In the ten years before that, Vivendi owned them and basically let them do their own thing.
As someone who was actually strung along and picked on by girls in high school, I think you're full of shit.
[I said if I were in his shoes, meaning if I was specifically in a situation where I was the CEO of Activision Blizzard](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/if-i-were-in-your-shoes).
I just chipped in €40 myself.
I can just imagine her reaction to being confessed to. "The thing is... I kinda like you, Fenneko." ["Hahahahahahahahahahahaha"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsG3zU4nGLw)
They dropped a few subtle hints about it in the Christmas special, but I don't think they're trying to go for a serious ship here.
I don't think Fenneko x Haida will happen either. Yes, they dropped a subtle hint or two in the special, but it's clear that Fenneko doesn't like punk rock, or anything that Haida is actually into. At least with Retsuko she's a closeted metalhead and should in theory be the OTP for someone like Haida.
His opponents?
If Owen Smith launched his leadership challenge now instead of right when Leave won the EU referendum vote, he would have trounced Corbyn.
THAT’S A LOTTA DAMAGE!
/r/jesuschristreddit
/r/unexpectedmiketyson
[Apparently it also bricked 3DS consoles prior to Nintendo patching the firmware.](https://www.neogaf.com/threads/metroid-password-engage-ridley-mother-f-cker-breaking-3ds-nes-metroid.443136/) [There's a technical reason for why that particular code resets or crashes the game too](https://minimaxir.com/2013/05/its-a-livin/). It boils down to the reset bit being switched on, triggering a game reset. On some emulators where [this bit is ignored, it loads you into a glitched level, because apparently having your game time set to 314.5 years fucks with the game.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=378&amp;v=x3UyVylP7AI)
Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann remains one of my all time favourite anime series.
The last panel made the whole trek worth it.
The only time I've been tempted to buy from G2A was trying to get a digital copy of Prey (the 2006 game developed by 3D Realms, not the crappy reboot from last year.) Unfortunately, that version is not available on Steam, or anywhere else for that matter. The only two ways I can obtain it is by buying a resold key from G2A or by pirating it.
Dead Cells? Isn't this the game that was made famous by that IGN journalist who plagarized a review?
Is it bad that I'm siding wholeheartedly with Leffen here? I don't agree with pros having heated arguments over a game's tier list when it's this new, but I expected a lot better from a Smash 4 player, let alone one signed to Team Liquid of all esports teams. I still remember the days when TL was a close-knit Starcraft clan that prided itself on being beacons of the community. It was also the kind of forum where posting stupid balance opinions and shit talking would get you swiftly banned. Oh how far TL has fallen from grace... What makes me respect Leffen is that he's one of the few assholes who can back his shit up. He is one of the world's best SSBM players who has managed to defeat all five gods of the game. He almost brought Go1 to defeat in DBFZ, a game that shares very little in common to SSBM and plays more like Marvel vs Capcom. Salem on the other hand is pretty much a nobody in his own game who couldn't even contend with the likes of other top Smash 4 players on his home turf until Bayonetta came out. He is pretty much the Sm4sh equivalent of a patchzerg. Just the fact that he doesn't consider SSBM a legitimate smash game probably tells us how bad he is at it. Discrediting one of the best selling and most critically acclaimed Gamecube games of all time is also blasphemous to almost any Smash fan who grew up with the series. This would be the equivalent of Liquid`TLO turning around and shitting on Flash because he doesn't play "real starcraft" and instead plays a version of the game that is almost two decades old.
For a moment I thought I stumbled into /r/nope.
So... you can't really grind for unlocks past the first 15 packs and to get more cards you gotta pay Valve money for lootboxes or buy individual cards on the community market. How the fuck is this gonna beat Hearthstone again? It feels even more P2W than HS.
It got shelved :)
So tap water isn't a gay bomb after all? 😮
Because I want to get into the esports industry, I had thoughts about trying to plan and start a for-profit HotS league from the ground up. Unfortunately, I tried to do business planning and realised that there was a major barrier preventing me from doing this - the Blizzard Community Tournament License terms. Here are some of the restrictions that the license applies and how they are bad for community tournaments and small scale tournament organisers: * Compensation paid to players/teams (including prize money, travel expenses, accommodation, etc) cannot exceed more than $10,000 per event or $50,000 per year. **This heavily limits potential growth and restricts you to doing online or local tournaments. Yes, I know that you can apply for a custom license if your events go above this but that's just going to bog you down with more stipulations** * If entry fees are charged to participate, the compensation paid to players must be at least the combined amount of these fees. **This prevents you from adding any kind of mark-up to entry fees for additional income, thus killing a major source of revenue.** * You may not charge fees of any kind for spectators to watch the competition online. **Since you can't do a PPV event, paywall higher quality, or have a premium stream with side content, this removes another major avenue of revenue for the event.** * You may receive only up to a maximum of $100,000 in compensation from any online broadcast or streaming platform (e.g., Twitch, YouTube, Hitbox, Azubu, Facebook, etc.) in conjunction with the broadcast of your competition (whether that compensation be paid in the form of sponsorship, broadcast fees, in-kind promotion, or other form of payment); **Another clause to limit growth and force people into the more restrictive custom license. Believe it or not, the original version of this clause limited you to just broadcasting on Twitch.** * You may not charge fees of any kind for spectators to watch the competition in-person. **RIP any LAN events. How the fuck are you going to hire a physical venue, hire a production crew, hire administrative staff, hire security, etc when you can't even charge any kind of spectator fee?** * The competition cannot be sponsored by any companies that sell or promote any of the following products: pornography, alcohol, tobacco/cigarettes, firearms, gambling websites, or any company detrimental to Blizzard's business (hacking, gold/account selling services, key sellers.) **I can understand why Blizzard would ban a few of these but some of these companies have shitloads of money, and already do sponsor major sports (like association football, basketball, F1 racing, darts, bowling, etc.) In the early days of SC2, gambling websites like Pokerstars and PokerStrategy did sponsor a few events and I believe it was partially Blizzard's clamping down on this that drastically reduced sponsor prize money.** * You agree that Blizzard may audit your books and records to ensure that you have complied with the terms of this Agreement. **Blizzard want so much control over their community that they want to audit small community TOs.** * Additionally, by operating or sponsoring a competition using the Community Competition License you agree to license to Blizzard for free and forever, any rights that you may have in the broadcasted content, highlights, video and still content and news regarding the competition for Blizzard to copy, modify, distribute, or publicly display or to sublicense those rights to someone else. **Okay, I can understand why this clause is there, but it feels like you are losing too much control over your content.** In short, the only way you can make revenue as a small Blizzard community TO is via: * Channel subscriptions (if you're partnered.) Then again, it's not even clear if you can use the Community License if you do this. * Streaming site ads (if you're a partnered streamer.) The criteria for partnership on sites like Twitch, Hitbox, YouTube, etc are getting even more restrictive day by day. Oh, and the Adpocalyse has ruined CPM rates too meaning you may not even be able to remotely break even. * Sponsorships. The challenge here is finding a sponsor willing to fund your event. And I can almost guarantee that these will be restricted funds too. I look at these terms and think that I don't want to host tournaments for any Blizzard games, because of what a restrictive ballache it becomes. I'd rather host Super Smash Bros tournaments because the hardware is cheaper, you can charge a fee to spectators, there is no threat of Nintendo blacklisting your IP and shutting down the event because it's a game that can be played offline in a LAN setting, and because even Nintendo are nowhere near as power hungry as ActiBlizzard are when it comes to esports.
When I first saw this I was like "YES HAIDA, DOWN THAT FUCKING BOTTLE OF JD!"
Blizzard won't do this and for good reason. Because if AI players had a higher mental capacity than the average silver league player, it would break Ranked play.
Why did Elon Musk choose SpaceX to land on the moon? Cause if he chose Spacey, it would have landed on a 14 year old boy.
There are a few things I've taken away from this video: 1. Paedophilia is bigger than previously thought. These 'innocent kid' videos are getting millions of views so there are a lot of sick fucks watching them, making dirty comments and doing god knows what. When you have a lot of up-and-coming content creators struggling to get anywhere near this many viewers, it really throws things into perspective. 2. YouTube's recommendation algorithm is enabling this behaviour further. Just look at the sheer amount of videos of kids doing provocative stuff that came up on this guy's recommendations when he started searching for that child ASMR video that got removed. 3. YouTube seems to have turned a blind eye to this, either because they don't have the manpower to police everything on the site, because their algorithms are really bad at picking this stuff up, because they're simply unaware of the issue, or some possible combination of the three. Someone I work with has a five year old daughter who aspires to be a YouTube star, to the point where she's actually nailed down the American accent and acts like she's recording a video. Her mother is understandably reluctant to let her have a channel and I think if I showed this video to her, she wouldn't even let her kid on YouTube anymore.
A cancelled HGC!
I will never trust that developer after what they pulled with ARK. It's good to know they've pulled more deceptive shenanigans and that I'm right to not trust them.
Out of around 10 online matches I played yesterday, 4 of them didn't remotely fit my ruleset.
He streams poker on Twitch these days. He was planning a comeback for LotV but I think he stopped after realising what a dead game SC2 is.
I'm glad he left the SC2 scene actually. Not because I hate him but because I think he deserved better. TL were unwilling to give him a second chance despite displaying double standards to similar controversial personalities (anyone remember IdrA?), and it was being deplatformed like that which killed any streaming career he could have had. Just the fact that Liquipedia's mods spent ages discrediting him and not recognising any achievements that may have made him worthy of a player page is funny.
From one dead game to another.
You know what, fuck Arch Enemy for doing this!
He sounds like Muttley from Wacky Races.
Why do all ambulances have Nintendo consoles fitted in them? Cause when the sirens switch on, they go "WII U WII U WII U"
That was good
This is /r/lawofattraction worthy 😂
"Did you ever think you were gonna lose?" ["Bitch please!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1DUw0PKt6Y)
I didn't think Bandai Namco had anything to do with it, but there's been no statement on why multiple DBFZ tournaments have been shut down with little notice nor explanation. Apparently Shueisha (the owners of the Dragon Ball property) are behind this. I wonder how Bamco plan to deal with them - perhaps by paying them royalties for official events.
Dude, every single dating app is filled with bots and thots. It's the number one complaint of said apps. Some try to phish you out of card details, some try to send you virus ridden links, some spam you with dodgy ads for sexual services, some whore out their premium Snapchat and Instagram accounts. Show me an app or a dating site that hasn't been tainted by this.
Nothing that prevents them, aside from J Allen Brack and Bobby Kotick cutting their developers and funding.
[The difference is that there are clear queue limitations in League](https://support.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/articles/204010760-Ranked-Play-FAQ#h1q3). You can't just have a group of Grandmaster or Challenger tier players boost an Iron or Bronze player to the top.
&gt; League had a horrible failure of a reporting system before they shut it down Tribunal? The difference is that League was firmly established as the #1 MOBA on the market by the time the Tribunal was shut down, whereas for Blizzard, HotS was already struggling to retain player/viewer interest, plus their system was actually worse than Riot's for policing the game. Crowdsourcing report analysis is never a good idea, especially when it encourages players to game the system rather than try to objectively assess reportss. For all the shit I give Riot, I gotta admit that they know how to run a game and a report system. It takes fewer reports for a player to be investigated, reports are actually reviewed by a human being instead of an 'advanced machine learning algorithm' and if you do get punished for chat offences, the game outright tells you where you fucked up by displaying these chat logs to you. There are numerous players who can't even get that fucking information from Blizzard, despite lodging multiple appeals. Just look at /u/kentorriz and his post history for some examples.
The only big name I recognise here is Nairo.
In my opinion it’s a 10/10 redesign of a Smash veteran. Zelda’s old design (based around OOT and TP) was too serious, moody and brooding, and while that certainly made sense when she still had the ability to transform into Sheik with Down+B, it just made her a dull and unlikeable character in Smash 4. The fact that she was a weak and undertuned character that placed bottom in tier lists didn’t help either. Zelda’s new Smash Ultimate design seems more like a cute and cheerful girl next door type than a princess. While this doesn’t really fit the tone of ALTTP or ALBW, it has made her waifu material in the eyes of the Smash fan base.
Fox’s Down+B and Side+B I’m not saying we should buff shine back to SSBM levels where it came out on the first frame and was Fox’s best spiking tool, but holy crap shines are so weak in Ultimate. Fox’s Side+B dash also has so much starting lag that they don’t feel worth using in his core kit.
To tell you the truth, I feel like the only logical move we have at this point is to abandon the prospect of denuclearisation and just try to trade with North Korea again. Why? Because sanctions have proven ineffective, because North Korea already has nukes, because we've already lifted sanctions on a similar nuclear power back in 2001, and because any military conflict with North Korea would be catastrophic to say the least.
WoW has the exact same problem and unfortunately, Blizzard have responded to the issue of merging European and Russian battlegroups together by censoring threads complaining about Russian players.
I'm sorry, I don't know de wae to fix this
What kind of elf has the most books? A bookshelf.
The scary part is that it would take a SSJ2 final flash to cut off his tail.
I'm a simple man, I see Trihex and Hungrybox and I upvote.
On the plus side, Devolver Digital and Roll7 did feature that guy as a NPC in Not A Hero after hearing of the scandal. So I guess he won *something* out of being fucked over by 22Cans.
This seems like a confirmation of the [datamined leaks from the Switch version.](https://www.gamecrate.com/mortal-kombat-11-dlc-characters-possibly-leaked-switch-datamine/22838) The two new guest characters could either be the Joker, Ash Williams or the Terminator. No others were listed in the leak, so it's very unlikely we will get a curveball like Shaggy Rogers show up. To be honest I was hoping to see Stryker as DLC.
Rents are incredibly high because demand has soared well above supply. To be honest the best thing we can do is scale back or outright scrap green belt legislation to allow more property developers to expand outside of city borders. It will open the floodgates for more affordable homes to be built and actually cause property and rental prices to decrease from demand being met. These laws are holding back our country's growth if anything else.
&gt; You insulate the dog died no matter what, it doesn't. [It's literally part of the fucking story.](https://fable.fandom.com/wiki/Retribution#The_Weapon) The only difference is that you revive your dog at the end via one of the choices.
The dog still had to die for it to be revived.
She needs to file a DMCA complaint. That being said, Facebook aren't very good at enforcing these.
Planning permissions can restrict that too.
If that guy, his screenshot of his Tinder profile and his claims are real, he is the literal personification of a chad. Ripped, facially attractive, probably snorting whey powder like lines of coke, and getting laid regularly despite being an absolute douche-nozzle. On the other hand, this entire profile feels like one of those incel atomic blackpill ragebait 'experiments' where they make a fake profile with photos of a male model, wait for the matches to come, then add some fucked up shit in the profile description at the last second before posting it online as 'evidence' that women are vain. Why do I think that? Because the entire profile is belittling every common female profile trope and has a photo of this guy literally choking a woman.
Woolworths. Definitely Woolworths. That being said, they deserved their fate. They got themselves into a mountain of debt.
Actually you're right.
"A driving ban. That'll stop them!"
&gt; It's tough to get Blizzard to consider alternatives when they have so much success catering to a single player type. They chose to not only to move towards end game only, but essentially go out of their way to discourage all else. Exploration, leveling and crafting has been made less fun and more pointless with each revision. If Nostalrius didn't convince them, the runaway success of WoW Classic might. I would love to see the game completely eclipse modern WoW in the same way OSRS eclipsed RS3 and leave the main retail game with just tens of thousands of players remaining. It might convince the senior management to oust Celestalon, Lore, Holinka, Watcher and pretty much everybody who has infantilised the game in the past decade by dumbing down gameplay mechanics. When Blizzard are pulling out all the stops and giving us the Emerald Nightmare, a Burning Legion war, the return of Illidan, Argus, Zandalar, Kul Tiras, Naz'jatar, G'huun, Queen Azshara and N'zoth, yet still haemorrhaging subscribers, it's more of an indicator that they royally fucked up with the design of their MMO.
How do you feel about Diablo Immortal?
And that in itself is not a bad thing. It worked for Riot because League of Legends was making mad bank. A healthy competitive scene also gave players further motivation to play. When Blizzard tried to copy the format with 2013's WCS, it hardly worked as well, and that is for one big reason: StarCraft II did not have the same business model as League. What Blizzard should have done instead was PPV events for a cheap price. To me PPV is the future which Blizzard sadly won't consider either themselves or even allow community tournaments to do. Advertising CPMs are far too low to break even and in the case of PPV events there is guaranteed and easily quantifiable income.
That I agree with to some extent, but if the bully is already kicking the crap out of him, it made sense to fight back when the school was doing jack shit. If I were /u/OdinsBHole, I would be escalating this complaint beyond the school and taking it straight to the board of governors or whoever is in charge of schools in his district. Give them any documented evidence of past bullying complaints, give them the son's medical history showing the pectum excavatum diagnosis and make them understand how serious this situation could have turned out. Heck, if he had to go to hospital because of an injury sustained at school, that's even more ammunition to throw at them. If he did that, heads would end up rolling and you'd probably see the principal and multiple teachers either resigning or losing their jobs. You'd also see the bully expelled. If the governors don't give a shit, then that's the time when the OP should consider taking this to the local press. They would have a field day.
Street Fighter V is generally disliked for two reasons, firstly because it had a heavily neutered roster on launch but also secondly because it dumbed down the game's combo system. Combos that traditionally required a frame perfect window became much more lenient to pull off, which meant that shit which took players like Daigo and Justin Wong years to practice could now be done by any average joe. Many players still play SFV because that's where the money is. For the past few years Capcom have thrown absurd amounts of money into esports.
&gt; Runaway success? Umm... 100,000 players is not even a blip on the radar for Blizzard. And 70% of those will drop off immediately... I think it's going to be a *lot* more than 100,000. I'm estimating that millions of players will at least try out WoW Classic, based on the interest in Nostalrius anyway. This is the game that truly put Blizzard on the map and became a pop culture phenomenon. I wouldn't be surprised if the first few days of WoW Classic are an absolute hellscape as Blizzard scramble to open up more servers to meet increasing demand. &gt; Going back to the past is NEVER the right choice, besides. Counter-argument: Old School RuneScape. It was released at a time when RuneScape 3 (the current version) had gone through years of shitty updates and haemorrhaged most of its player base. Some of these updates include: * Removing Wilderness PKing to prevent gold farming and replacing it with a shitty minigame that made PvP much worse. * Removing the ability to freely trade items, a change which Jagex 'justified' through outright lies that Chinese gold farmers were bankrupting them with credit card chargebacks and bank refund charges. Other MMOs like WoW had much bigger gold farming pandemics and none of them risked going broke from gold farmers purchasing subscriptions with fraudulent credit cards. * Replacing PKers with Revenants to keep the Wilderness dangerous. Unfortunately, these Revenants were absurdly powerful and poorly balanced. They were capable of using all 3 combat styles and casting Members Only abilities like Teleblock even on F2P worlds. They were so absurdly overpowered that they could 2 shot nearly every player. * Squeal of Fortune, a lootbox/gambling system which allowed you to buy spins for the chance to win in-game items. One of the top prizes was 200 million coins. * Summoning, a really bad skill that devastated the game's economy by making random players hoarding once useless items overnight billionaires. * Evolution of Combat. Jagex's half-baked attempt to add action bars and abilities to RuneScape. This fucked up the balance of the game even more absurdly and made much of the game's content trivially easy because none of it was designed around such abilities. This update also removed weapon special attacks, which made once powerful PvP items like Magic Shortbows and Dragon Daggers useless. * T80 and T90 equipment, which completely invalidated once prestigious items like Dragon Chainmail, Abyssal Whips, Dark Bows, Crystal Bows, Godswords, etc. * An unnecessary change to Climbing Boots, which initially gave an armour and strength bonus, making them BiS items for melee players. Jagex split the item into two, removing all combat bonuses from the old 12gp boots and converting existing boots into a new item called Rock Climbing Boots which sold for 75,000 gp. This change led to players who hoarded climbing boots becoming overnight billionaires because of how heavily the item's price inflated. It also came right after Jagex shut down 2006scape, a private server that aimed to restore the game as it was circa 2006. Prior to the server's shutdown, it had around 150,000 registered accounts, which is a fraction of what Nostalrius had before Blizzard sicced their lawyers upon them. Was OSRS successful? [Initially no](http://www.misplaceditems.com/rs_tools/graph/), until Jagex started adding new content to that version of the game. Soon, it completely eclipsed RuneScape 3, commanding 5 to 6 times as many players as the main game.
I would love to see a F2P dungeon crawler lobby game that has old school WoW's gameplay mechanics. Nothing like that exists.
The only thing I'm concerned about with a privatised healthcare system is the lack of safety net. America's system was bad due to this. Before Obama came in insurers could actually deny coverage over pre-existing conditions which made losing existing coverage in some way a death sentence.
Oh for fuck’s sake...
Oh shit, a tournament where a god or godslayer didn't win? Hungrybox and Leffen must be losing their edge.
/r/idiocracy at its finest.
Easy solution: tell Duolingo that lizard's been skipping his Spanish lessons.
The 'tolerant' left amirite guys?
Kinda proving her point there...
Used to like him until he went all political with his content. The Trews and his other recent stuff just isn't good.
Oh for fuck's sake.
If I were Feardragon I'd be immortalising Rifkin's words onto a poster, hanging it up on my wall and parading it like a badge of honour. It's like a blind man talking about colours.
Too many monster fights. In a fucking kaiju movie? Starting to feel like this is the “6.5/10 too much water” of movie critique.
tfw people take an article from a site called NPCDaily seriously...
Garfield is a good actor. He was genuinely given an awful script to work with. There are other comments in this post explaining why but overall, a lot of stuff didn’t make sense about his character.
Crazy Frog is annoying but moreso because of Jamster and their business practices. For one, they stole the audio for Crazy Frog from an earlier internet meme of a formula one car. Secondly they signed up people who bought their ringtones to a subscription service and billed them outrageous amounts. And don't even get me started on how they butchered Axel F, and milked the brand even further with two shitty racing games.
This would be great news if I didn't uninstall Destiny 2 after the launch of Curse of Osiris. Never again will I let Activision and Bungie burn me as hard as they did with that game. It was an unfinished product with hardly any raid or dungeon content. On top of that, the game was somehow even more barren than the initial vanilla Destiny experience, despite its story campaign. On the subject of Stadia, I have two major concerns about Google's product and I really hope it doesn't catch on. The first is input lag. Google are claiming that latency [will be around 70ms](https://techcrunch.com/2019/03/20/what-latency-feels-like-on-googles-stadia-cloud-gaming-platform/) which is only slightly higher than playing online using a standard game controller. [Other reports claim it feels closer to around 200ms](https://www.pcgamer.com/uk/i-tried-googles-stadia-and-latency-got-me-killed/), which is unplayably laggy. The second is that performance will entirely hinge on the quality of your internet connection. I'm quite lucky to have a fiber optic connection but even then my ISP has comparatively atrocious upload speeds (10Mbps up vs 150Mbps down) and has moments of downtime. Others don't have access to remotely good connections both here in the UK, and particularly in the United States where the nations lags behind the rest of the developed world on how fast its internet is. With the way Ajit Pai is running the FCC and eroding regulations meant for improving America's broadband market, I see this problem only getting worse. Stadia is much like OnLive and Gaikai: way ahead of its time. Even if it's well priced and provides developers near limitless processing power, it would be an inferior experience compared to playing a game locally on PC or console. We simply don't have the online infrastructure and technology to support a streaming solution without game breaking compromises.
Wonder what channels they'll ban in the wake of these rule changes... I wouldn't be surprised if they go after right-leaning YouTubers like Steven Crowder and Sargon of Akkad, both personalities who have been demonetised for their political views and for recent controversies (Crowder for encouraging harassment against a gay YouTuber and Sargon for offensive comments he made towards a British politician.) If this is anything like YouTube's previous policy changes and adpocalypses, it will be enforced broadly and affect a lot of less problematic channels. The question is whether affected channels will tone down their content, quit outright, or stage an exodus to BitChute.
Dieting plus exercises that work your abdominal muscles like crunches and sit ups. As you build up muscle, your body burns more calories in rest.
I'd seek out advice from a medical professional. Crohn's is a bitch.
Looks more like a space where a hipster would set up their MacBook Pro and multiple monitor setup. Doesn't really strike me as a battlestation.
This meme is just otterly ridiculous
#Hi, Chris Hansen from Dateline NBC #Why don't you have a seat over there?
I feel sorry for those Pokémon, being used as anal beads.
Nah, this is Caillou, not Saitama.
Sheep
F
Where Jerry is voiced by Chris Tucker.
I tried to but it keeps redirecting me back to the same page. It's not working.
It's probably a good thing that Pride has become a marketing ploy. It shows that companies and society in general are more willing to accept the LGBT community. If there was a significant backlash towards it, they would have grown wary of such marketing. One such example of a company that hosted a pride event once but reneged in future years is Jagex. In 2017, they put a Pride event in Old School RuneScape where you walked around the game world and collected six pieces of a rainbow scarf. Despite the actual event itself having no references to LGBT issues, [it resulted in in-game protests where players donned desert robes to look like Klan members and spammed homophobic slogans.](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/2017-runescape-pride-controversy). Since then, Jagex have not celebrated Pride in any of their games.
Now kith
&gt; NRS doesn't make platform exclusive characters anymore since forever Mortal Kombat 9 only came out 8 years ago.
That's why I said rebalance the units too.
Ironic when RS's graphics are minimalist.
Self destruct is only situationally useful. It's great in a comp with phenomenal group CC, but otherwise it's shit.
I legitimately don't know who this new character could be. There were datamined files of a character codenamed 'Brave' that suggested it could be a swordfighter. The most popular prediction is Erdrick from Dragon Quest since another leak suggested he would be a planned DLC character. It could also be a cross-promotion for Dragon Quest II S coming to the Switch. Others thought the characteristics of this fighter didn't match Erdrick at all, and that it could be another swordfighter. Other predictions have included Sora from Kingdom Hearts, or a Tales of Vesperia character. The latter would add more context to the 'Brave' codename.
I hope it's not Steve. Steve would stick out like a sore thumb in the Smash universe, even in a series that has featured a literal Game &amp; Watch character. He may have a diverse moveset with all the items already in the game, but his animations would look primitive in comparison to every other fighter. It would also be an insult to include him over any other Microsoft owned guest fighter.
Mai makes perfect sense as a guest fighter for DOA. After all, the series has become nothing more than an overglorified titty brawler over the past 15 years, and Mai fits the definition of a DoA fighter pretty well.
Here's the thing though, RuneScape has a lot of account security measures like 2FA, a 4-digit bank pin and support for Google Authenticator, Microsoft Authenticator and Authy. I also recall them once selling a physical authenticator too. This isn't the first time a major security breach has occurred at Jagex either. Just several months ago, they fired [an employee](https://runescape.wiki/w/Mod_Jed) after it emerged that he was abusing his admin privileges to siphon gold from thousands of players and sell it on.
**I just realised something. Jagex's way of implementing authentication is *really* insecure.** If you have an authenticator on your RuneScape account, you can simply request its removal by being sent a removal link via email. **No security questions required.** If your email account has been compromised, you are fucked. For Blizzard, you can remove an authenticator either by entering different authenticator codes successfully three times in a row, by being sent an email with account recovery questions, or by providing an image of your ID to customer support to prove your identity. That being said, I am willing to bet that we've got another Mod Jed on our hands.
It's the fact that you have to start progression all over again. Anybody who was seriously interested in the game would have already played the Japanese release, especially since there are English translation patches available. The SEA version hosted by Playpark was apparently garbage. It was behind on updates and the translations were shoddy.
They still had five games to include a Tetris themed stage with blocks falling onto the stage as a hazard.
At this point we may as well become their 51st state.
It is Deep Silver though, and they did pull Metro Exodus from Steam less than two weeks before launch.
Other games apparently did have Steam logos. It was mysteriously absent from Shenmue III.
Oh, the Kickstarter backers aren't happy about this. Seeing the swathes of people demanding a refund puts a smile to my face.
I've only ever backed one crowdfunding campaign for a game and that was CrossCode. But that was because the game looked very much playable, had a backer-exclusive early access release on Steam, and was a game I would definitely play. I am normally very wary of Kickstarters. I didn't even back the campaigns for Shantae: Half Genie Hero and Freedom Planet despite those two games become two of my absolute favourites.
They request it from the creator directly. Kickstarter themselves do not process refunds.
My theory is that they felt so bad for Microsoft that they decided to take the L and just not hold a conference this year.
Oh for fuck’s sake
Well I think you're the only person who enjoyed RE6. A lot of fans considered it trash.
Steve may have a diverse moveset (various weapons, a ranged attack, elytra as an up+B move, etc), but I wouldn't consider him a good Smash character. His blocky character model and primitive animations would stick out like a sore thumb in the Smash universe, even despite the series having a literal 2D Game &amp; Watch character. Remember how much the Andross assist trophy stuck out? It would be like that, but in an actual playable character.
Master Chief wouldn't fit the Smash universe. I'd rather see a Halo rep a more violent game like Mortal Kombat 11.
An interesting concept for sure. The RAM limiter alone makes this an incredible contender, especially with Chrome and Firefox becoming such intense resource hogs. The promise of a video-over-game overlay in later updates could also be a game-changer that convinces me to use it. In my eyes, Opera need to add more features to sell it. Whatsapp is pretty obvious but I don't know why they chose Facebook Messenger, Telegram and VK as other integrated messaging apps. They should be aiming for integration with more messaging apps if anything else. The fact that Discord and Slack aren't integrated in some way is a bit puzzling. &gt; FREE BROWSER VPN &gt; Experience greater privacy and security with our free, no-log, unlimited browser VPN. ~~Can I press X to doubt here?~~ ~~I am *incredibly* wary of free VPNs, even if a more trustworthy organisation like Opera are offering it. If the VPN is not the product, the end user usually is. That has been the industry's experience, especially with similar free proxies and VPNs like Hola Unblocker being riddled with malware.~~ **EDIT: [Apparently Opera already has an integrated VPN so this is nothing new. The trade-off to being free and unlimited is atrociously slow speeds. I'd honestly rather pay for a good VPN than use a crappy free one.](https://www.tomsguide.com/us/opera-vpn,review-4496.html)** Unless Opera plan to start charging for it later... I'm not on board. [Not even Mozilla plan to provide free VPNs with their browser](https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/10/18660344/firefox-subscription-paid-service-vpn-cloud-storage-release-date)
Now we can walk up to him and call him Cyberpunk Guy.
&gt; Technically Rare owns the rights to the characters that specifically created: Diddy, K Rool, Dixie, Funky, etc. Really? I'm not too sure if copyright law really works that way. Cause otherwise Microsoft and Rare could easily turn the Donkey Kong series into a legal fucking minefield of characters that could not be used. And if Microsoft had the ultimate say about those characters, then why the fuck didn't they allow Rare to use Conker and Banjo in the shitty DS remake of Diddy Kong Racing?
I wouldn't wine about it if I were you.
&gt; This is good the game wasn't going to sell well on steam now it will have a chance on the Epic games store If you're being paid to shill for Epic Games, you're doing a pretty fucking bad job here, mate.
Because Viva Piñata and Killer Instinct are the only two remotely decent games that Rare have released in the past eighteen years. Even then, the latter only turned out to be good because Microsoft brought in Double Helix - a studio with a similarly bad track record. Everything else they brought out for Xbox (XBLA ports aside) has been complete and utter shit. Part of the issue is that all of Rare’s talent jumped ship to Free Radical and other studios. Another part is that Microsoft apparently stifled their creativity by shutting down numerous projects they wanted to work on. MS are allegedly the reason we didn’t get a new Killer Instinct until 2013 or a third Perfect Dark game. Not even their remasters and ports have been good. Remember Conker: Live and Reloaded by any chance? The remaster of Conker’s Bad Fur Day where Rare bleeped out even more swear words than the N64 release and turned the multiplayer into a shitty class based WW2 shooter? Have you thought about why Rare merely emulated the N64 version for Rare Replay instead? Because Live and Reloaded was utter garbage when all they had to do was remake the N64 release. Also remember Diddy Kong Racing DS? Where they buggered up the touchscreen controls in the most unintuitive way possible, and replaced both Banjo and Conker with Dixie Kong and a terrible slutty redesign of Tiny Kong?
If the game ends with [Link walking out of his house, finding himself surrounded by crossbowmen and being shot to death, I will clap.](/spoiler)
I would have gone with "let me correct myself, three couples"
Depends on if Death Stranding is actually good. If it sucks and Kojima Productions go bust, I wonder how long until he begs Konami for his job back.
I'd make a joke about this, but it would be too quorny.
Kael'thas has two viable builds, Flamestrike and Living Bomb. Flamestrike: * Level 1 - Convection OR Mana Addict * Level 4 - Nether Wind * Level 7 - Burned Flesh * Level 10 - Phoenix OR Pyroblast * Level 13 - Pyromaniac * Level 16 - Fury of the Sunwell OR Ignite * Level 20 - Flamethrower Living Bomb: * Level 1 - Mana Addict * Level 4 - Nether Wind * Level 7 - Sun King's Fury * Level 10 - Phoenix OR Pyroblast * Level 13 - Pyromaniac * Level 16 - Ignite * Level 20 - Master of Flames. Flamestrike is the more challenging of the two Kael'thas builds, especially if you pick Convection instead of Mana Addict. Convection requires you to hit 20 heroes with Flamestrike without dying to complete the quest and gain the talent's full damage bonus. Against heroes that can easily dive and pick you off, it's suggested to choose Mana Addict instead for an increased mana pool and a defensive cooldown. At Level 4, Nether Wind is mandatory. The 30% range increase to Gravity Lapse alone makes it too good to pass up. The mana refund is the cherry on top. Level 7 depends on which build you're picking. You should always pick the talent that benefits your prime ability, whether that's Burned Flesh for Flamestrike or Sun King's Fury for Living Bomb. Both Heroic abilities are rather situational. Phoenix can hit multiple targets and can be used to zone out an area. Pyroblast can allow you to finish off low HP targets alternatively. However, Pyroblast can be interrupted and any hero with a shield or an iceblock cooldown like Genji, Jaina, Medivh, Chromie, Zarya, etc can potentially use their cooldowns to mitigate the damage. If you're against a Medivh, Pyroblast should never be used. Phoenix is seen as the better choice for its versatility. Pyromaniac at 13 is a mandatory talent pick across both builds. The cooldown reduction it gives to your other abilities is simply too good to ignore, especially when both builds benefit greatly from CDR in some way. Levels 16 and 20 will depend on your build. Ignite and Master of Flames benefit Living Bomb greatly and so should be always be picked for that build. For Flamestrike build, the optimal 16 and 20 picks are Fury of the Sunwell and Flamethrower. However, Ignite can be a decent alternative at level 16 because the Living Bombs it spreads also proc cooldown reduction, meaning more Flamestrikes. Tips for playing Kael'thas: * Stay behind your frontline. Kael isn't really a brick shithouse and he can't deal with being at the front. This may limit the amount of targets you can hit but it's much better to be safe than sorry. * Your Trait (Verdant Spheres) empowers your abilities in some way. For Flamestrike it boosts the blast radius, for Living Bomb it gives you a cooldown and mana free cast, effectively allowing you to cast it twice in quick succession, and for Gravity Lapse it makes the ability pierce and hit up to 3 targets. * The most mana and cooldown efficient way to deal damage is by chaining Verdant Spheres (D) and Living Bomb (W) together. This is because Verdant Spheres has a much shorter cooldown and will allow you to effectively cast Living Bomb with zero mana cost once every six seconds. You can use Living Bomb twice in quicker succession but with a greater mana and cooldown penalty. * Save your Heroics for teamfights. Phoenix is especially great to cast if they're stood on an objective like a merc camp. It can either force them to retreat or fight with heavy burst raining down on them. * Convection is a high risk/high reward talent. For beginners I would not recommend it. * If you're going a Flamestrike variant, it's recommended to only chain Flamestrike and Verdant Spheres together in team fights, to ensure that Flamestrike hits the max number of heroes. Both abilities used in tandem have a very high mana and cooldown cost. * Kael'thas is not recommend against heroes that can easily pick him off. Picking Kael against an enemy Tracer or Genji is borderline suicidal.
Fatmodan is in my opinion one of the strongest heroes in the game. He has incredible poke, a good health pool and some pretty solid split pushing potential. That being said, he has a very cookie cutter build with little variation. * Level 1 - Gluttony * Level 4 - Hellforged Armor * Level 7 - Art of Chaos * Level 10 - Tide of Sin OR Demonic Invasion * Level 13 - Chain of Command * Level 16 - Total Annihilation * Level 20 - Pride (if at or near 400 Annihilation) OR Siegebreaker (if you chose Demonic Invasion) OR Black Pool (if you picked Tide of Sin) At Level 1, Gluttony is the best choice because it gives you optimal amounts of Annihilation and gives you very generous cooldown reduction on your Q for hitting the 200 mark. Greed is unviable because it is the slowest way to gain Annihilation stacks and because Azmodan's E was nerfed to shit post-rework. Wrath can be a viable pick if you want to play Azmodan like a traditional ranged autoattack assassin, but it also goes against the point of playing him as a longer range bombardier. Level 4 has some pretty shit talents, but Hellforged Armor is the best of these three. It allows your Demon Lieutenants (D) to cast an extra minion killing Demonic Strike before they die, which means more XP from other lanes. Art of Chaos is the best Level 7 pick because in the early game (at least) you should prioritise hitting heroes with your Q. It won't be until you hit higher amounts of Annihilation that you can use your Q to reliably waveclear. Heroic Talents are where Azmodan has the most diversity (in my opinion.) Tide of Sin is a really good general talent that boosts the damage of your next Q (on a 15 second CD). Demonic Invasion on the other hand can let you flood an area with shitloads of minions. This can be useful in a team fight, or when you want to bolster a minion wave anad quickly bring down a fort. The 2019 meta changes added great value to pushing forts by giving passive XP and catapults once every 3 waves to a lane for killing one. At Level 13, I would choose Chain of Command. It would increase the amount of XP you gain from your Demon Lieutenants (D) and would allow them to empower minions in a wave, which would allow you to snowball a lane further. Total Annihilation is unquestionably the best talent at 16 because it benefits Azmodan's only useful basic ability. Level 20 talents depend partially on your quest progress and what heroic you chose. If you are at or close to the 400 Annihilation cap, you should always pick Pride to increase the blast radius and damage of your Q even further. The other talents that buff your respective alternatives are also viable. Tips for playing Azmodan: * Prioritise hitting heroes with your Q. It's the best way to build up Annihilation points, especially with Gluttony selected. * Your D (Demon Lieutenant) has global range. Use it on a lane you are not occupying whenever it's off cooldown. You gain XP from the minions that its Demonic Strike kills. From Level 13 onwards, having a Lieutenant in a lane is a great benefit for making it snowball, because Lieutenants will bolster all nearby minion damage by 25% * If you chose Demonic Invasion, Azmodan becomes really good at pressuring forts and keeps. By spamming all his minions and a demonic lieutenant for the 25% damage boost, then getting out, you can bring down a keep to less than half its health remaining. If your push is being bolstered by any lane minions, that structure is going to go down like a sack of shit. You can do this right as objective pops then go back to focus on the team fight. * It's best to use your Q at short to medium range. The projectile is pretty slow and is telegraphed to enemy players, so it can easily be dodged at higher ranges.
Was Yooka-Laylee really a bad game though? [Jirard of The Completionist gave this game his highest rating (Complete It) and called it "nostalgic perfection"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltlxQLpQEF4). It only took him 24 hours of total playtime to complete, and he is the kind of guy that will drop the rating of a game if some aspects of completing it 100% are too tedious, or if the game isn't truly great in his eyes. For instance, he dropped Breath of the Wild's rating to just 'Finish It' rating [because the process of upgrading gear and obtaining all 800+ Korok seeds were simply too tedious and didn't give good enough rewards to completionists.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mzIHs62X0Y) This isn't the only game he's done this towards either. He dropped the rating of the Crash N-Sane Trilogy because the Platinum Relics of all 3 games were too tedious to obtain and gave nothing for a true 100% completion. He dropped the rating of Team Sonic Racing because many of the time trials were too tedious for him to enjoy and because the game has been designed as a couch co-op experience. He also gave Spyro 3 a 'Play It' rating because it didn't really add much new after Spyro 2. All the complaints people had about YL would have surely pissed him off, like the massive levels, the sparsely spread out collectibles and the supposed lack of life and direction in each world. In the end I trust his opinion because he is one of the few reviewers that will play through a game 100% from start to finish and give his thoughts on it.
Never considered that actually...
"something, something, **THE OLDEST ANARCHY SERVER IN MINECRAFT**"
That’s just plane wrong.
Why does he look like Red from the Godzilla NES Creepypasta?
Before I ask my question, a (not so quick) rant. In my eyes, one of the biggest flaws of MOBA games are their draft-dependent nature. Every single MOBA I’ve played has adopted a draft pick ruleset where unique heroes are banned and picked in sequential order by each team, forcing players to pick up specific lane and role archetypes. This is very bad for four key reasons: * Unlike other esports, MOBAs discourage players from playing characters that they find fun, or that they are good at playing. While a player who is good at one playstyle has great potential in a fighting or RTS game, they’re written off as “onetricks” in MOBAs. * Hero drafting often takes a long time. In the case of HotS in particular it probably takes up almost half the game time. It’s also a boring and complicated mess to follow as a spectator, and is a key reason why I loathe watching MOBAs as esports. * Draft mode breeds toxicity because it forces players into un-fun roles that are commonly seen as “bitch duty” such as support and tank. Just look at the amount of players in games like DOTA 2 and LoL that will hold a ranked game to ransom and demand that their team give them first dibs on a role like top or mid, else they will deliberately throw the match and cause their teammates to lose. This mindset is so prevalent that it’s made catchphrases like “mid or feed” somewhat of a meme. It’s also the mindset that made some of LoL’s most popular streamers like Tyler1 famous. * Many matches are decided before the game even begins. If you get a bad draft, the game is pretty much over and isn’t worth playing. This is especially true in HotS because there is no such thing as a carry. The game’s complete lack of stat scaling and power creep mechanics simply wouldn’t allow a hero to become a late game carry. While not fixing the problem, Riot have made great strides to improve and streamline the Ranked game experience in League of Legends in various ways, these include revamps to multiple roles to make them more fun/versatile, adding the ability to surrender, adding role queues to Ranked play, and changing the draft pick process by incorporating 5 hero bans immediately. But HotS has no such luxuries and Ranked play remains as frustrating, tedious and toxic as ever. **Now on to my question... With HGC and HotD dead, have you considered making sweeping changes to the rulesets of ranked/competitive play in HotS to make these game modes more fun and less frustrating?**
What kind of pathetic lowlife do you have to be to hack and dox a newbie because he dared to play on and make videos featuring a Minecraft server?
When Gerald from Hey Arnold meets Saitama from One Punch Man.
What else can I say, his scalp is free real estate.
In all honesty I'm both for and against unions. They're necessary to give power to the workers but at the same time they can be really disruptive towards progress. The best example I can give is the RMT (National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers.) Over the past few years they've disrupted many services on the UK rail network with frequent strike action over disputed plans to introduce driver-only operated trains. DOO means that conductors will no longer be responsible for opening and closing the train doors. Instead, the doors will be operated remotely by drivers equipped with external CCTV cameras. Even though the companies working on the network have offered deals to cut no jobs and even give customer service personnel pay rises, the unions hasn't backed down.
Dude, this isn’t Wales.
When it comes to "irritating background tracks", this song is up there with the likes of [Cher Lloyd - Swagger Jagger](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdbyG2MrBHk), [Flinch - Midnight Hustle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLqWZQbgSzQ) and [Jennifer Lopez - Get Right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WIsnC-h1d0). I normally like kpop but this is just an absolute mess. The song itself is not catchy, the chorus is actually the worst part of the track, and the CGI in the music video looks cheap and tacky by today's standards, like it could have been in a music video from 15 years ago. If you want an example of good kpop, [here's a really good track that came out four months ago.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67jSYCSrnE4)
Well that's just ribbiting.
And as my first experience of Auto Chess, I hate it already. Auto chess feels even more luck and RNG dependent than fucking FTL did. It genuinely feels like if you don't get sufficiently lucky hero spawns in the shop and can't get a healthy bunch of 2 stars or a 3 star hero with the right traits, you'll get fucked and finish in 6th place.
&gt; My friend holds a theory that Mike Ashley is buying up these companies so he can essentially own so much of the retail high street that he can dictate rents on the threat of pulling all his owned stores from that given area And given how sky high commercial rents currently are in the UK, this would be an outstanding business move.
As somebody who has seen "UwU" copypasta spam all over Reddit, this doesn't make me want to play Seiken Densetsu 3.
Meth Not even once.
That's a nut face if I ever saw one.
Tony Blair &amp; Gordon Brown. Blair gave us a pro-EU government that put record amounts of funding into public services and focused on increased surveillance to combat terrorism, although not to the extent of the censorship state that Theresa May had in mind for us. Yes, he maintained the status quo that Margaret Thatcher left behind but unlike her he had no intentions of dismantling the NHS. Blair's only negative mark was how he handled our entry into the Iraq War. Otherwise, he was easily the best leader we've had in decades. Brown may have lacked the charisma of Blair and he may have come in at Labour's worst hour, but he was genuinely a good person who understood the economy. He also understood that taking over Northern Rock, offering stimulus packages to struggling banks and cutting VAT would help out the economy. On top of that, he absolutely nailed his predictions in the 2010 debates. If the Tories took power and made cuts, it would damage the recovery. **That is exactly what happened when Tory cuts led to a double-dip recession.** Unfortunately, I feel that Labour's worst mistake was going further left with their later candidates. Ed Miliband was heavily disliked by both the public and the press in comparison to his brother who should have been the one to take the mantle, while Corbyn is a far left, EU-hating, unelectable socialist.
Gabe is so fat, he has to noclip around the Valve office.
The difference is that using those is still copyright infringement
#KA KA KA KA KACHI DAZE
Jesus...
I'm surprised you didn't show us the vid of him mocking BrolyLegs like an absolute salty bitch - because he can't handle the fact that someone with severe physical deformities absolutely fucking bodied him in a 1v1
So what does Etika mean by "push" and "pull" anyway. It sounds like he's urging people to mix jokes to relieve tension from more serious comments.
#N O T S O T H I C C
Thot destroyed
#WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB!
Valve must be going Kuku crazy right now...
Underlords was my first experience of auto chess and I hate it already. The game has so much cheap RNG that fucks over the player that it's ridiculous. Sometimes you may get a decent early game Hunter/Warrior combo like Drow &amp; Pudge just to have no more of those heroes spawn in the shop for another 20 rounds, while your opponents luck out, get their heroes straight to 3 Star and proceed to stomp you repeatedly, at which point you've finished in a guaranteed 8th place. Sometimes you may have a decent comp but the atrocious AI derps and starts randomly focusing a completely different full HP target. Sometimes you may get awful items in the various creep waves that don't benefit your comp at all. Sometimes you may get very few heroes become available in the shop which gimps your affinity bonuses and makes you feel like a dumbass for your earlier choices. Items also feel non-impactful because most of them suck and heroes only have one item slot - which is apparently a major departure from the mod this standalone game was based on. Riot don't have to try hard to win the auto chess war with TFT. All they have to do is smooth out some of the RNG that makes the game frustrating and less skillful to play. They could accomplish that easily just by adding a free refresh per round to the champion shop to make bad RNG less strenuous on your gold income. Oh wait, they're launching it in the LoL game client as a separate mode instead of a standalone game? And they're still not bothering with a mobile release? **Fuck that.**
I think the community targeted Ellen Pao mainly because she was a woman. Huffman's been responsible for far more censorship on Reddit yet his reign has received nowhere near as much attention or backlash. People were opening subreddits solely to mock Pao, and were migrating in droves to Voat solely over the ban of FPH, then ditched the site the moment she resigned. Huffman is meanwhile responsible for closing down CringeAnarchy, MDE, BSE, AltRight, Incels, Frenworld, and many other less problematic subreddits, and introducing questionable monetisation measures on Reddit, yet nobody gives a fuck.
I think you're on to something here. Anybody remember r/TheBanOut2018 last year? For those OOTL, a bunch of power mods created a subreddit to announce their intention to implement bots on their subreddits to ban anybody who takes part in a 'hate subreddit.' Some subreddits like r/AgainstHateSubreddits, r/OffMyChest and r/2XChromosones already do this despite this being a clear breach of Reddit's (badly enforced) mod guidelines. Even though a lot of people wrote off the Banout as these aforementioned power mods attention whoring and trying to take credit for admin ban waves, they were disturbingly accurate in pinpointing the subreddits that the admins would ban in the initial phases of their 'operation.' However, I don't think they're going to target this place or similar 'anti mod cancer' subs firs because doing so would anger a lot of people and expose their agenda (should they have one.) Instead, I think they're going to target subs that have already been quarantined like r/TheRedPill and r/SargonOfAkkad because they're low hanging fruit.
Unpopular opinion incoming: The way that leftists (both on Reddit and across the internet in general) have been acting no longer makes me want to support their side. The left has given up on actually challenging right wing views through debate, fact checking and education, because they've been fighting a losing battle against an electorate that no longer resonate with their own views. Instead, they're clinging on to censorship, deplatforming and even in some cases outright assault to silence the right and discredit them. This is not how you challenge right wing views. If anything, this is only going to make right-leaning people more resentful. Take the recent EU elections here in the UK for example, where multiple right wing MEP candidates were [censored](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/tommy-robinson-youtube-videos-channel-restricted-muslims-a8850571.html), [blackballed from hustings](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2019/may/19/exeter-cathedral-bans-ukips-carl-benjamin-from-hustings), and had [milkshakes repeatedly thrown in their faces](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/nigel-farage-milkshake-brexit-party-bus-european-elections-protest-milkshaking-a8926011.html) when they tried to go out and meet voters. [The fact that a comedian recently joked about throwing battery acid in Nigel Farage's face](https://www.express.co.uk/showbiz/tv-radio/1141467/Jo-Brand-battery-acid-joke-BBC-radio-4-Paul-Ross-GMB-Piers-Morgan) in itself should tell you how toxic the left has become. Five years ago, I would have considered myself a leftist. Now, I feel like both sides are as toxic as each other. T_D is a circlejerk sub that will ban you if you do anything other than sing your praises of Donald Trump, whereas left leaning subs like OffMyChest, AgainstHateSubreddits, 2XChromosones and others are the kind of places that will label you a racist bigot and permaban you if you dare upvote or post content to a subreddit they don't like.
&gt; Just so we're clear -- no major "leftist" politicians have condoned or acted in any of these ways. Are you sure about this? One such example, [Carl Benjamin (quite a controversial figure) went uncontested at a hustings because every other rival candidate deplatformed themselves in protest, in an attempt to pressure the organisers to either cancel the event or ban him.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zs3yi8DM7sQ) For one, shutting down debates in this manner is undemocratic. Secondly, is it such a good idea to make a controversial candidate look like the champion of free speech? &gt; Tech companies are not "the left". Google is not "the left". They're just companies. They are free to do with their platforms whatever they wish. Not just Google: Patreon, YouTube, Reddit, Twitter, Discord, Twitch and a lot of other organisations have worked to suppress people with questionable views, whether through censorship, demonetisation or outright removal from their platform. Also, why is this a bad reason to dislike a political side? It's like someone disliking Rick and Morty because of the fanbase rather than the actual show. &gt; The edges of the horseshoe are toxic and very similar. There are subreddits that still have reasonable discourse. I just wouldn't go to CTH or T_D for anything resembling reason. Reasonable discourse is becoming increasingly rare on Reddit, as more power mods take over and push their own agendas.
They're speechless because Terran has never had a 55% winrate since early WoL
&gt; There is a subscription service though. You can either pay monthly to have a catalog of games to play, or buy them on Stafia's platform individually. Corrections: 1. A Stadia subscription does not include the full catalog of games available on Stadia. In fact it's unclear which games will even be included with the subscription. The only one seemingly confirmed thus far is Destiny 2, and the year 1 content of that game is becoming F2P anyway. 2. A subscription is required to stream games in 4k. This also requires you to purchase most of the games separately. 3. Games you purchased through Stadia can only be streamed without a subscription in 1080p. Furthermore, the free 1080p streaming option will not even be available on launch and is actually coming later in 2019.
A leftist calling a right-winger a soycuck? Now that's not something you see every day. Normally it's the other way around.
I thought Microsoft gave up on Japan after how badly their Xbox 360 strategy flopped? The region wasn't part of Microsoft's Xbox One soft-launch and system sales were apparently in the double digits on launch week. For them they had a great strategy. Two RPGs make by the Final Fantasy creator (Lost Odyssey and Blue Dragon), Dead or Alive as an exclusive IP, other Japanese studios like Artoon creating exclusive games for the Xbox platform , and even going so far as to make the Xbox 360 white because black is apparently unlucky and associated with death in Japanese culture (which is stupid because the PS2 and PS3 are black.) But it turns out that consumers there have a bias against foreign consoles.
A good compromise would be to raise the upload limit for creators with decent and popular stages. It would discourage users from flooding Course World with shit stages and reward those who make decent levels.
&gt; Was heartily tucking into the first one, whith the second one waiting across from me. An older lady having lunch with her (husband?) suddenly looks over to me and goes sympathetically: "Oh, has your date not shown up dear?" I wish there wasn't such a heavy stigma surrounding eating alone. Sometimes I crave a Nando's but I have nobody to go with, and would look weird if I ordered a table for 1.
Funnily enough, that kid is perfectly within Fortnite's demographic and I guess he can be excused for flossing on the gym floor. But I almost feel bad for the picture guy because he's gonna look more like a douche.
Cleared it third try. I liked the platform challenges but there were two things I didn't really like about the rest of the level 1. The use of P switches as platforms kinda killed the momentum, as you pick them up instead of landing on them if you hold down the run button. 2. Instant death spikes hidden behind a door are always a huge middle finger.
Not a great plan of the upper route, since it ends so abruptly, but the rest of the stage is pretty nice. This is one of those few levels that feels good to speedrun. The enemy placement allows experienced players to bounce between enemies and skip platforms.
I'd argue that Runes of Magic is a better and more authentic WoW-like experience. The game was essentially known for being a F2P knock-off of WoW, but of course nothing beats perfection.
It's been five weeks since I started hitting the gym with the aim to go around 3 to 4 times a week. I've mostly stuck to this routine with a few off-days. Before this, I last went to the gym rather casually a few years ago, but didn't really like working out. I was the nerdy kid in school who would place last in every sports day and who was picked on by those stronger than me. In this time I feel like I've made a lot of progress. Before, I struggled to even lift 7kg dumbbells but now I'm doing reps of 10 bicep curls with 12kg. It's nothing compared to what an actual strongman or bodybuilder can do but it's progress, doing 150 squats a day and incorporating other bodyweight exercises like sit-ups and crunches into my routine. Why am I doing this? Because there are aspects of my body that I don't like and want to improve, such as poor upper body strength, thin arms, stomach fat and a few minor skin issues. I want a six pack, stronger legs and larger arms. On top of this, I'm very unhappy with my dating life. Besides being strung along by multiple women, I'm 27, still a virgin, getting next to zero matches on Tinder/Bumble/Happn and feeling progressively more resentful about my sex life (or lack thereof.) It's something I wanted to do for months, but I guess the tipping point was having a Tinder date laugh at my stomach and tell me that I look like I'm having a baby...
Congrats on going from clinical obesity to being one of few men physically fit enough to rock a speedo.
Screw it, I'd pay $420.69 to see that happen.
Nevermind, I remembered it wrong. That was the guy.
[While far from recent, here is a breakdown of costs for AGDQ 2016.](https://forum.speeddemosarchive.com/post/agdq2016_budget_overview.html)
The competition is in companies competing for a contract to operate a franchise. The actual track and railway infrastructure is owned by Network Rail, which is a government-owned company established after the Potters Bar crash. Stations vary in management. Some of the major ones like Kings Cross and Bristol Temple Meads are owned by Network Rail while smaller stations are generally owned by the TOC that operates in that route.
Eh, the Independent could do far worse. If they want to truly drive themselves to the ground with clickbait, they should be looking to the Guardian for advice.
Outrage culture. You can't have anything on TV which would potentially offend people anymore. Just look at the negative reactions that various comedians like Russell Brand and Frankie Boyle got from offensive jokes over the past decade. For a more recent example, [Friends (yes, the critically acclaimed 90s sitcom) drew complaints from people when it was brought onto Netflix last year.](https://www.digitalspy.com/tv/ustv/a847367/friends-netflix-fans-call-homophobic-misogynistic/)
It might for the better. You can't milk the sheep who bought TESO and Fallout 76 if they're dead. WW3 night actually make Todd Howard get his ass in gear.
Trump - "Send Britain into war with us!" Boris - "No way. I'm not being crucified on the same cross as Tony Blair!" Trump - "Do you want that US/UK trade deal?" Boris - ["Okay."](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/531/437/5f9.png)
A mixed bag. Really depends on the song. Sometimes the cats act very human-like and sometimes they walk on all fours like cats for no reason. Ian McKellen particularly takes on the persona of a cat in his performance.
Too many songs which feature close up shots with the camera pointed directly at the performer's face. That's the kind of scene you want to shoot when showing fear or anxiety. In short, Tom Hooper can't do good camera angles for shit. While it's far less evident in this film, it was grating on the Les Mis adaptation.
The closest I saw to nightmare fuel were the CGI cockroach human hybrids that marched in during The Old Gumbie Cat. Thankfully the best part about that scene is that Jennyanydots (Rebel Wilson) gets taken away by Macavity and isn't seen for most of the film thereafter. As far as unfunny fatties are concerned, she's even less amusing than James Corden and that's saying something, because he nailed Bustopher Jones.
In what regard is it "social justice casting"? Is it because they casted a woman as Old Deuteronomy? If so, Judi Dench was actually perfect for the role.
&gt; By then, however, it was too late. Tom Hooper's star-studded musical bombed amid a sea of dreadful reviews, earning at press time just $40.5 million globally and facing a loss of $50 million to $75 million against a budget of roughly $100 million before marketing. As far as box office flops go, Cats isn't doing too bad. I actually think a lot more people went out to see it because of the negative critic response and mixed audience reactions it got. Also, because other movies may have been overbooked. The latter was why I ended up seeing it on the 22nd. I had not seen the musical before and even I thought it was great. I'm definitely going to buy it when the Blu Ray comes out. [Andre of Black Nerd Comedy did a great review on why this is his movie of 2019.](https://youtu.be/QFHSrP01Y2A) I agree with a lot of what he's saying. Cats will hopefully be one of those cult classics that sees audience participation screenings. For all its flaws, this movie is a fucking spectacle.
It's gonna sweep the Razzies for sure. Worst musical film Worst horror film Worst on-screen couple Worst movie of 2019
[RTFR.](https://www.reddit.com/r/wow/wiki/rules#wiki_do_not_discuss_real_world_politics)
Rick Potion #9 was good too. Really shows how much continuity is in the show.
To be honest, 2019 in terms of shitty CGI alone makes me wish James Cameron would go deep into the Mariana Trench and raise the bar.
Did I just watch a fucking minstrel show broadcasted on TV in the modern era? How the fuck did this air?
&gt; What do you think about blackface? That's no longer on TV because people get offended.. Blackface is a product of its time, back when black people were wrongly seen as subhuman by Western society. A minstrel show would not fly with more modern audiences and they'd likely boo and heckle the performers - or go even further than that. I feel like too many things are being labelled as blackface and censured these days. We're blanket-banning any kind of make-up that darkens skin tones. Let me explain. [Last year a cosplayer (Livanart) was banned from competing in a competition at MCM London because her Pyke cosplay was considered blackface.](https://bleedingfool.com/blogs/pyke-cosplay-creates-spike-in-outrage-cosplay-champion-banned/) She had darkened the skin tone on her costume to match the League of Legends character for the sake of 100% accuracy, because Pyke is a black character. She did not do this to mock his ethnicity but rather to pay homage to his character. Her ban from the competition sparked a major backlash. To quote what one Twitter user said: "It's scary that in late 2019 many people, including professionals, can't tell the difference between painting your face black to mock and make fun of black people, and painting your face black in order to honour and give tribute and life to a beloved fictional character." [This on the other hand is a blackface sketch (done by black performers in a comedy sketch show.)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRVqVwGWocM) Everything from their acting, their exaggerated large lips, their very dark skin tone and their song about watermelons is a stereotype of black people.
Wrong. I mained Hunter throughout most of Wrath and actually switched to playing Holy Paladin on a different server near the end of the expansion. Within weeks I had gone from a fresh 80 to raiding Heroic ICC with a progression guild that was near the top rankings on Emerald Dream, so I wasn't exactly a bad player. There were many reasons I did this (partially my realm's community being dickheads) but one reason was that Hunters were shit. They were the worst PvP class by far and had the lowest arena representation, even worse than Death Knights post-nerf (less than 2% of 2000+ rated comps had a Hunter in.) They were the only ranged DPS class in the game with a minimum attack range, which made them incredibly clunky to play both in PvE (where bosses had huge hitboxes so you'd still be meleeing them from 60 yards away) and in PvP (where everybody could exploit your inability to attack by moving into melee and massacring you with heavy burst.) The only time a Hunter comp actually won a WoW Arena tournament in Wrath (MLG Orlando 2008 I think) led to Bestial Wrath being nerfed to shit just two days later by the developers - because they were furious that something other than TSG or RMP won for once. The duration got cut to 10 seconds from 15, and to compensate, GC gave BM Hunters a measly 15% Arcane Shot buff, which just about made the ability do more damage than their filler Steady Shot, and was a tiny DPS increase by comparison to what they nerfed. Ghostcrawler didn't fix Hunters until Cataclysm by removing their dead zone, fixing their stat scaling to not be total shit, moving them to using Focus instead of Mana and giving BM actual signature abilities to use. I'd actually argue he made Hunters overpowered in Cata because they were a top tier class after that. If anything I think GC is an incompetent balance designer. The best thing he ever worked on was Age of Empires II and that's saying something when the game had glaring balance issues that were only fixed years later by the Forgotten Empires devs. Considering how much he ruined WoW and is currently ruining League of Legends, that guy shouldn't be allowed anywhere near such a role. As for your points, none of these alone could win a fight against a competent (not necessarily skilled) Frost mage. &gt; master's call Allows you to break roots/slows and grants immunity to such effects for just four seconds. Mages have a lot of slows, roots and stuns in their arsenal and these slow by 60%. The moment MC wears off, the Hunter is **FUCKED** because the mage can easily just blink into melee range and neuter their ability to deal damage. This is far easier to do than you think, because Frost mages have the second best slows out of any class, and are only beaten by Rogues who had 70% slows with Crippling Poison. And before you tell me to use Concussive Shot to slow the mage... it's a 50% slow with a 4 second duration on a 10 second cooldown. Almost everything in the Frost Mage's arsenal by comparison had a 60% slow, root or stun attached to it, a higher uptime and didn't have a minimum attack range. &gt; double deterrence You cannot attack whilst Deterrence is up so you're just prolonging your inevitable death. Also, the magic reflect can easily be countered by not being a dumb fuck. If you still cast spells on a Hunter while they have Deterrence up, you only have yourself to blame. &gt; disengage A vastly inferior ability when compared to Blink. 1. Longer cooldown (25 seconds compared to 15) 2. You have to leap in the air to maximise the amount of distance you jump back. With Blink, you don't have to do that. 3. Any kind of raised elevation behind you will greatly shorten the disstance you jump back. If you're fighting near stairs or a hill, that can easily end you. 4. Mages can break stuns and roots with Blink whereas Hunters can't even use Disengage in such circumstances. It's OP as fuck to give mages what is effectively a free PvP trinket on a 15 second cooldown. 5. Mages have plenty of stuns, slows and roots at their disposal which almost entirely counter Hunters. &gt; no cast time on auto shot First of all, auto shot wasn't changed to allow your weapon to fire whilst moving until Cataclysm. Before then, you had to awkwardly stutter step and stop at intervals to continue firing at an optimal rate. Secondly, auto shot was only really effective in Marksmanship spec and when min-maxxing into the Armor Penetration stat. This made Hunters a true glass cannon because they had to forego Resilience and end up taking a lot more crit and dot damage. It also meant that they had to sacrifice other things (like spell penetration, which they needed because traps for some stupid reason followed spell rules and could be resisted.) In short, if you're a Wrath Frost Mage and lose to a Hunter, you are bad and you should feel bad.
Problem is... Arena was the PvP scene back then. Blizzard neutered the Honor system in Burning Crusade and tried to force everybody into doing Arenas for gear because they wanted to turn WoW into an esport. Rated BGs wouldn't become a thing until Cataclysm. Before that, Battlegrounds only earned you Honor Points which could only get you gear that was a full two PvP seasons behind. As for WPvP, nobody took part in it after late Vanilla. A lot of people attribute flying mounts to the death of WPvP but I think it was instanced battlegrounds that truly killed it off. Just think about how dead and barren the WPvP objectives they introduced to Eastern Plaguelands and Silithus were in 1.12.
I certainly agree, even though it more about how dodgy online advertising networks are. That's a main reason I found these calls so frustrating to deal with. My hands were tied and I didn't have the ability to deflect complaints. Almost every single one of the calls I took about this had to be escalated to a manager. Plus, these were generally the calls that hit my customer satisfaction review scores hard. As for the legality of that statement. IANAL but if it was approved by head office, I presume they at least ran it by their legal department.
I wish journalists could be prosecuted for things like this, especially when they could interfere with an electoral result.
Blizzard's system for HotS is like the LoL system, but far worse. It's incredibly easy to get banned for "abusive" chat while you will almost never be banned for intentionally feeding. The report system is entirely automated with cases almost never being reviewed by a human, even in the appeal stage. All it takes are a few false flag reports and you get automatically banned. It's also a three strike system. First strike is a 7 day suspension, second is 14 days and the third is a permanent ban. The worst part is that Blizzard's customer support will uphold any and all punishments even for petty shit like sarcastic remarks. If you passively aggressively type something like "wow nice heal" towards a player who AFKs mid fight, you're still getting your ban upheld by Blizzard because that is "toxic" behaviour even though you're perfectly in the right to be frustrated, especially when behaviour like this could cost you rank points or a promotion. Sometimes the trolls and inters are the ones who have been wrongly punished themselves and are griefing the player base on alt accounts out of retribution towards Blizzard's beyond crappy customer service. Yes it's childish but did you really expect maturity from the kind of people who play Blizzard titles? In other words, Blizzard are taking the 'holier than thou' route of policing player behaviour harder than Riot, though in Riot's case it's very ironic to see them stamp down heavily on "naughty" chat considering the recent harassment and gender discrimination lawsuit that rocked the company. HotS didn't flop because it was on the market too late, or because it was a MOBA that was so dumbed down that even a senile old granny could play it. Both claims are completely bogus, especially when you look at the runaway successes of both Hearthstone and Overwatch, both games that dumbed down their respective genres in true modern Blizzard fashion. It actually flopped because the hardcore player base was chased off by rampant trolling, intentional feeding and report system abuse. Rather than fix the system, Blizzard instead doubled down on the automation, spewed lots of PR bullshit about how they were employing new "machine learning algorithms," and started to censor complaints about the system on their forums. They even apparently asked the /r/heroesofthestorm mods to start removing posts complaining about unfair bans. I personally quit the game a few months ago after getting a 14 day ban, and this was a few months before I boycotted Blizzard entirely over the Hearthstone Grandmasters controversy. For me, WoW Classic was Blizzard's last hurrah and even then their actions back in October are irredeemable in my eyes. The best thing you can do as a gamer is to vote with your wallet and stop giving greedy publishers your money. That goes for any publisher that thinks it's fine to automate report systems, even Valve.
I miss the times before politics ruined society. If you don't side with the far right, you're a liberal soycuck or a commie. If you don't side with the far left, you're a nazi.
That's because it's a World of Warcraft subreddit and the moderators clearly don't want political comments or submissions of any kind to derail discussion about the game. It's not something they introduced and started enforcing because they wanted to appease China. It's been a rule on the sub for a long time and it's enforced rather impartially. How is it my fault that the OP can't read the rules before posting? By the way, downvoting me doesn't make me any less right. Wake me up when there's actually legitimate moderator power abuse.
Leo has won 7? That's almost but not quite a Zero streak of dominance there
So why are brick and mortar stores like these closing all the time? For Toys R Us things went downhill because of a leveraged buyout where some rich fat cat bought the firm with debt. For Woolworths it was because they were in £400M of debt with suppliers. BHS died because of years of underinvestment and mismanagement under Sir Philip Green. JJB Sports died because the new management went on a spending spree acquiring sports clothing brands then had its profits hit in the recession. So what has made Pier 1 die?
Downvoted for Martin Shkreli.
Mixed. On one hand, if this is used to proactively identity and treat mental illness, it could be beneficial. On the other hand, I can see mental health being used as a weapon to raise insurance premiums and even fire people in at-will states. This would give big pharma and shitty employers more ammunition.
WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB
If YouTubers with 12.3M subscribers count as “celebrities” (to be fair, Jake Paul is at the top of this thread) then I nominate Matpat from Game Theorists. That guy comes across as the smuggest, most narcissistic fucker I’ve ever seen. To the point where even the serious channel/YouTube update videos where he breaks character and talks seriously with the audience are hard to watch. His *very* early content used to be watchable but as time went on, you could just see more smug seep into his persona. The point where I stopped watching wasn’t the “But that’s just a theory, A GAAAAME THEORY” catchphrase at the end because that was always just an annoying catchphrase to me. Nor was it the increasingly outlandish, clickbaity and poorly researched theories he posted to his channel in later years. It was when I constantly saw his face poorly edited into a trollface style grin whenever he made any kind of self-glorifying reference about himself in a video. That kind of gag would only come from the biggest of narcissists. I’m so glad Gaijin Goombah broke his ties with the Game Theorists. He was the only content creator from that channel I actually liked, and it gave me even more reason to unsubscribe.
Running for your life from Shia LaBeouf
At least Blizzard gave StarCraft II a more dignified sendoff than Heroes of the Storm. I totally expected them to kill WCS in a "heartfelt" announcement from J Allen Brack and leave the scene as a dead husk like they did with HGC. I wonder if this new circuit will be region locked, or if we're going back to the 2012 days of total Korean dominance on the international circuit.
Dude needs to go to the Mariana Trench and raise the bar that he lowered himself.
Yes. There is nothing wrong with having an active and healthy sex life. A lot of people started NoFap specifically because they experienced erectile dysfunction and low libido.
Fisher Price always seemed like a brand built on strong morals and not corporate greed. This story has given me a new found respect for them.
I haven't reset my timer, and I couldn't do it on mobile this morning because the Reddit app and the sign in button don't want to play ball.
The fact that you're being heavily upvoted for defending Luzbelheim's participation at GDQ shows how hypocritical the wider /r/speedrun community is when it comes to policing speedrunner behaviour. This is the same community that complained hard enough to convince the mods to not only permanently ban RWhiteGoose from this subreddit but also deplatform him by imposing a content ban on all his YouTube content that is still in place to this very day. Yes, Goose's behaviour was worse, as he had posted disgusting transphobic and white supremacist comments over the previous two years on The Elite's Discord channel. But it's also worth mentioning that Goose made heavy contributions to the speedrunning community as a whole and until the whole scandal broke out was pretty much the face of Goldeneye speedrunning. Did I also forget to mention that The Elite's council knew about his behaviour for a long time and not only tolerated but also in some cases participated? They're just as guilty for enabling his behaviour. This is also the same community that has repeatedly shat on Apollo Legend whenever any new video of his is posted to the subreddit, because the guy went out and defended Goose's freedom of speech by criticising GDQ for banning him when he hadn't even breached their rulebook. My perspective is that I can see why they banned him. Even if he didn't breach their rulebook, that guy is still going to be a liability at any future GDQ, whether his presence chases away any sponsors, audience members or even leads to a physical altercation. So what is it? Is being far right suddenly perfectly fine? &gt; So he supports Vox, a legal Spanish party that, for example, won seats in the European Parliament (how does GDQ judge what is an acceptable party to support?) GDQ definitely has a bias against the right wing. They (wrongly) perma-banned PvtCb for allegedly wearing a MAGA cap and when called out on their bullshit with video proof changed their reasoning to "he unplugged a power strip." I mean for fuck's sake, even if he did do that, that's some real Dennis the Menace shit when it comes to petty debauchery. Not worthy of a permanent GDQ ban. I'm sure they would have showed leniency towards someone wearing Democrat or Antifa apparel. As for Vox, there are a lot of legal British political parties that hold similarly abhorrent views. Ever heard of UKIP, the English Defence League or the British National Party? Heck, the Conservatives (the party currently in power in the UK) once had an MP that won his seat in the 1964 General Election by allegedly using the campaign slogan ["If you want a n****r for your neighbour, vote Liberal or Labour."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Griffiths) Just because the party is legally registered doesn't mean their views should be respected.
Team America needs a sequel. Badly.
Trump's been more of a deterrent towards peace...
I'll give Disney credit, they've put a lot more effort into their sequels over the past few years.
Oh god they did another one...
[Tim Cook's response.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jy-7q8vmrXM)
I'd say the gig economy has its perks. A vastly higher paycheck compared to similar dead-end work and flexible hours at least partially offset the disadvantages of having to fork out for your own work expenses and lacking the perks that basic employees are legally entitled to. It's a bit like zero hour contracts. When used responsibly they're a boon for both workers who desire flexible working hours and employers who cannot guarantee stable working hours. But then you have firms like Sports Direct and JD Sports that use them to instil a workplace culture of fear and insecurity.
Wow, this feud is even pettier than Nicolas Cage Vs John Travolta fans.
Said this before on a previous repost but... depends on how you interpret "once in awhile" really means. Regardless of whether they fap once every few weeks of even more frequently, they're certainly not seeing the full benefits of abstinence. It may also explain how some men seem superhuman in a crowd.
It sounds like you went cold turkey on a lot of stuff. How much of your success do you attribute to the lack of PMO?
Sounds like something Neville Goddard would say.
There was one where you could submit a photo and ask for pornstar lookalikes. Thankfully the admins banned it because people were being creeps about it and uploading photos of crushes.
Tensing up your legs is one way to control a boner. Also, sexual desire in itself is not the enemy, but jacking off isn't a productive way to take care of it.
Back in Year 10, our entire year staged a walkout where they didn't turn up for class, walked to the field and went on strike. The turnout was pretty huge. I don't know what exactly caused this walkout. Some did it in solidarity of unionised (NUT) teachers who went on strike during that week, some did it because Jamie Oliver's school dinners documentary led to the council introducing a bylaw which banned ice cream vans from pulling up on the school grounds (before then, we had a driver regularly pull up and sell ice cream to kids during lunchtime, plus a lot of kids hated Jamie for trying to police what they were eating because the quality of school meals went down while the prices went up due to changes made by the council), but many had no clue what they were protesting and just joined in because "fuck going to class." Cue a two hour clusterfuck of teachers chasing and trying to apprehend a crowd of roughly 100 students. I was one of a few pupils who got bored quickly, ditched the group and was permitted to return to my lesson without incident. My class was nearly empty. Nobody actually got punished for it. The worst that happened was a school assembly the next day threatening harsh punishment if it happened again.
I genuinely enjoyed Cats, despite a few miscasts (Rebel Wilson as Jennyanydots &amp; Jason Derulo as the Rum Tum Tugger to be specific) and some of the most unsettling CGI moments in existence. Personally I would have replaced Jason Derulo with Brendon Urie and Rebel Wilson with literally any other actress. Urie actually has the vocals and the metrosexual energy to play the Rum Tum Tugger and it's easy to imagine him singing [this](https://youtu.be/ywFbpDjpZno), while literally any other actress would not misportray Jennyanydots as a disgustingly obnoxious glutton. Also, the movie already has James Corden, and unlike Wilson, his portrayal of Bustopher Jones as an aristocratic fat cat was both in-character and kinda amusing, and this is coming from someone who hates the actor. That movie was an absolute spectacle in terms of its choreography, set design and soundtrack. It also feels like the first Tom Hooper film where he actually took a course on cinematography and didn't do a terrible job with camera angles. It's also his first commercial flop that will likely sink his career as a director. There were many songs like Bustopher Jones, Jellicle Songs For Jellicle Cats and Skimbleshanks The Railway Cat which I felt were better than the musical version.
Well ain't that some shit.
You'd make a better director than Tom Hooper.
Perfectly legal in my country too.
I can't tell what I just read but I hate it.
Hate to break it to you but the sub went downhill in the hiatus between seasons 3 and 4.
That's the best way to include Steve. I mean at worst he's going to be a blocky and stiff Link clone if included as a full character.
About as likely as Goku or James Bond getting into the game. Believe it or not, the latter was considered for Smash 64 due to Goldeneye 007's success, but was dropped due to using realistic weaponry and because it would have cost Nintendo a boatload to use the Bond IP and Pierce Brosnan's likeness.
The increase in smut alone doesn't seem to bother me. It's the only way you could do a direct sequel to the first game without introducing a brand new protagonist that Kyu trains. It's also something HunieDev wouldn't have considered if Valve didn't open the floodgates to uncensored adult games being on Steam.
Porn addiction is a surprising issue in modern society. Regular masturbation is also physiologically unhealthy despite being socially expected in this day and age.
I'm seven days in. Holy shit I haven't had this much energy in a long time. Even yesterday when I had barely any sleep I soldiered on.
As a UK citizen, I don't think Boris Johnson will particularly care. Just recently the Conservatives won a big majority and I wouldn't be surprised if he sold out our country to China just for the sake of Brexit not collapsing us. We've already done nothing about the fact that China's blatantly ripped up the Sino-British Joint Declaration they signed 23 years ago when we handed Hong Kong back to them. We've got no problems with doing business with regimes that have a history of human rights abuses. We still sell weapons to Saudi Arabia.
I'm not even mad. We got Joker, Hero, Terry and Banjo Fucking Kazooie in the first Fighters Pass. That alone makes it a more than worthy purchase. At least Byleth is (somewhat) original for a Fire Emblem rep, being the only one to use more weapons than a sword so far. I would have honestly been more disappointed if it was Dante, Steve or Crash Bandicoot as past rumours had speculated. Dragon Ball FighterZ was a lot worse in its DLC lineup in all honesty, especially when we got different clones of Goku, Vegeta, Vegito and Gogeta instead of more original fighters. I mean for fuck's sake, there were loads of unique characters that could have been adapted from DBS especially in the Universe Survival Saga and the most we got was Jiren. Toppo, Dyspo, Frost, Cabba, Caulifla, Kefla or Kale would have been ace. I'm just hoping we get big hitters in Fighters Pass #2.
I was convinced it was going to be Crash Bandicoot since the thumbnail is very similar to Crash's gesture in the N Sane Trilogy box art. But Three Houses makes perfect sense. I think nobody caught on because nobody wanted yet another FE rep.
Definitive Edition came out less than two months ago. It sticks true to its name by being the definitive way to play AOE2. On top of new graphics, balance improvements, AI improvements, new civilizations and even hotkeys for tech upgrades (this is the big game changer), AOE2DE is just all round a great experience. Xbox Live's dedicated servers are leagues better than playing on Voobly or Steam with dogshit peer-to-peer netcode of the original and HD versions of the game. But a lot of people are sticking to Voobly either because they're cheapskates who don't want to splash $20 on a new version on because they don't like the map pool. AOE2's potential to grow is huge, provided they fix the current issues with ladder (shitty map pool, which only got worse in the December update.)
Professional boxer
I don't believe him if he really said this. Boxers stay away from all sexual activity for eight weeks before a fight.
I actually flatlined on days 7 and 8. I couldn't get it up even if I tried.
Currently 10 days into NoFap. It's my last hurrah to get my emotions in check before I actually consult a therapist. It's currently the longest streak of semen retention I've had in almost a decade. I'm very skeptical of the "superpowers" people claim to get when they quit masturbating. That's because I was a bit of a late bloomer and certainly wasn't a womanizing stud in my teens from the years of semen retention. I was weak, feeble, regularly picked on in school and the most attention I ever had from girls were ladies who would flirt with me and lead me on as a joke. I did jerk off when I was younger but I never actually managed to bring myself to orgasm until 20. For a while, I thought there was something seriously wrong with me. Then when I started, I did it 3 to 4 times a day, sometimes even to the point where I'd either be shooting blanks or chafing my dick. This was also around the time I went through periodic bouts of depression.
Stranger doesn't sound like a Skrillex song, that's for damn sure. There's no drop and it's like a slow ballad. My theory is that enough people mocked Skrillex's signature wobs, growls and screeches that he just had enough of dubstep and went into more mainstream music. I mean for years Skrillex was a staple of the soundclown community that made [parody meme filled tracks like this one.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxrVLarIRlk)
Any specific EFT techniques you're referring to?
I think that's because nobody wants to admit that Trump can be right about something. I remember the days when people were mass downvoted for comments that didn't add to a conversation, not because "I don't like what he's saying."
Surprised you didn't mention Spectrobes, that shitty DS RPG that people thought was going to be the Pokémon killer because it had an interesting reveal trailer. Also, Medarot (Medabots) is pretty successful in Japan and has a sizeable cult following in the west that has repeatedly petitioned Imagineer and Natsume to release the newer games internationally.
The original Reddit thread is gone because the subreddit’s banned, but it was reported by [the Huffington Post](https://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/reddit-porn-doppelbangher_n_2671855)
I almost worry for the world if binge-watching Rick and Morty would become a way to powerlevel that stat...
Report him for targeted harassment.
Used to own a pair of E15 in ear headphones that broke after about a month. The left speaker stopped working entirely. The bluetooth pair I currently got isn't that comfortable but was around £40 when I purchased it. Very iffy when it comes to volume controls and sometimes switching tracks by holding the volume buttons doesn't work properly.
Temtem has some of the best creature designs I've ever seen from a Pokémon clone. Some of these could legit pass as actual Pokémon.
I think it would also depend if you're working with children or vulnerable people. Teaching staff here for instance need an enhanced criminal records check.
That too. Shocking how little Game Freak address game balance in their games.
I became disillusioned with Ruby &amp; Sapphire, especially after I found out that you couldn't travel beyond Hoenn, when one of the main appeals around the second generation was being able to revisit Kanto three years later. Didn't start playing again until late 4th gen with the Gold/Silver remake, thoroughly enjoyed Black 2 and was really disappointed with X/Y.
😂😂👌
It was the first game that a particular game critic (can't remember the name) gave a Hated score to. Apparently the combat system is just that frustrating and tedious. Hilarious to see a second party Nintendo developer shovelling this crap off to the PS4 because of how poorly it did.
I don't think that's taking into account Humble Store purchases? Or are they all given Steam keys?
I wouldn't be mad if Microsoft acquired them. Think they learned their lesson from driving Ensemble Studios, Rare and Lionhead to the ground years ago. They've been largely hands-off with the developers they've acquired recently. Mojang is the poster-child of this. Both parties have mutually thrived from their business relationship.
Seems I'm not the only one who thought those docks looked like futuristic urinals.
Urine + electronics doesn't mix.
Shadowbringers was smooth, aside from the fact that the servers I normally played on had massive several hour queues. I actually had to reroll as a result.
Here's what doesn't make sense to me. The Old Gods are so anchored into Azeroth that killing them should have theoretically led to another cataclysmic event. That's why the Titans imprisoned them inside vaults instead of killing them. If they could fire friendship beams they would have done just that to eradicate C'Thun and Yogg-Saron many years ago. Then there's the fact that Algalon had almost called forth the Pantheon to exterminate all life on Azeroth due to its Old God corruption. It would have made more sense if N'Zoth's death ripped apart Northrend and shattered the Frozen Throne, rather than Sylvanas turning heel and soloing the Lich King somehow. I mean for fuck's sake, they had a natural transition and chain of causation that could have gone into Shadowlands and they didn't use it.
Metzen also wrote Garrosh Hellscream's story. Let that sink in for a moment. He wrote the story for one of WoW's most horribly written characters that constantly does total 180s in personality between expansions. Hellscream is an enigma because I have no clue how any competent writer would have let him get into that state.
&gt; We went to alterna-draenor and killed the bad guy with you and then made friends with pandas. Seemed to go pretty well to me Killed the bad guy? We didn't even lay a finger on AU Grommash for the entire expansion, for fuck's sake! And don't get me started on how badly Blizzard squandered Warlords of Draenor in general. There were so many unexplored storylines, dungeons, raids, battlegrounds, arenas and other content areas that Blizzard could have fleshed out. Instead we got a grand total of three raids, eight dungeons and a fifteen month content drought all because Activi$ion wanted an 18 month expansion launch cycle that Blizzard couldn't possibly deliver out of their subordinates.
I'm going to get downvoted for stating this, but Boris won this election by a landslide for one simple reason. He was the only leader to promise Brexit. [Jeremy Corbyn tried to do the same thing but faced heavy backlash from within his party.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_positions_of_Jeremy_Corbyn#Support_for_leaving_the_single_market_due_to_state_aid_rules) Several of his MPs left to form Change UK and his party passed a motion to support a second referendum in defiance of his stance. In short, Jeremy Corbyn is not to blame for being a bad leader but rather his own party is to blame for their insubordination and not respecting the will of the British people who voted in 2016. I thought that droning on like a broken record about how how we should "get Brexit done" would be a losing strategy, which is exactly what Boris did throughout his electoral campaign. But he did the unthinkable and actually made constituents from Labour safe seats in Northern England that had been economically fucked during the Thatcher years swing overwhelmingly Conservative. There was clearly still strong demand for Brexit, whether because the impoverished underclasses saw it as real change or because our country is filled to the brim with racist meatheads that blame Muslims and Eastern Europeans for everything. Feel free to call every Brexiteer a fucking idiot who votes against their own interests, but that doesn't change the fact that Boris Johnson absolutely mopped the floor with Labour and delivered an upset victory, all because he did not ignore the elephant in the room. &gt; That withdrawal agreement Boris managed sure is the best of all possible withdrawal agreements, huh. It's the best that he could negotiate with a hung parliament that would have shot it down anyway. If anything, I think he pushed it through as a temporary measure and actually intends to crash Britain out without a deal, then agree a snap deal with the US.
**TL;DR: Banning users for participation in other subreddits breaches sections 4, 8 and 10 of Reddit's [Moderator Guidelines for Healthy Communities](https://www.redditinc.com/policies/moderator-guidelines). I encourage anybody here who has been unfairly banned from JusticeServed or any other community enacting such ban policies to appeal the bans with the subreddit directly in the first instance. If this fails, you have grounds to file a formal moderator complaint directly to the admins [via Reddit's contact form](https://www.reddithelp.com/en/submit-request), or by messaging the admins from /r/reddit.com.** _________ I got a similar ban from them two days ago for a comment I posted in /r/The_Cabal last week. In the comment they linked, all I typed was "I'd love to see CTH and Drama banned." Never posted in JusticeServed before, nor do I particularly plan to if their moderators plan to be massive dicks about what people do outside the jurisdiction of their own subreddit. I am merely appealing the ban out of principle that these douches should not be allowed to get away with heavy handed mass censorship. I appealed it immediately on the grounds that they were breaching mod guidelines, then sent a follow-up PM yesterday because my first message was ignored. [Here are the two PMs I sent to them](https://imgur.com/a/GCqm7G3) They modmail muted me for 72 hours after my second message. You should appeal the ban directly with the moderators in the first instance. If they refuse to respond, deny the appeal, or mute you because you dare had the audacity to PM them about an unfair power trippy subreddit ban; please file a moderator complaint with the admins by [filling out this form.](https://www.reddithelp.com/en/submit-request/file-a-moderator-complaint), I already did this yesterday and I'm currently waiting for an admin response to my complaint. So why is this an unfair ban that breaches Reddit's rules? [Well let me point you to a little thing called Reddit's mod guidelines, effective as of April 17, 2017.](https://www.redditinc.com/policies/moderator-guidelines) &gt; 4) Clear, Concise, and Consistent Guidelines: &gt; Healthy communities have agreed upon clear, concise, and consistent guidelines for participation. These guidelines are flexible enough to allow for some deviation and are updated when needed. Secret Guidelines aren’t fair to your users—transparency is important to the platform. r/JusticeServed breached this because there are no rules or guidelines on their subreddit that implicitly or explicitly forbid participation in other communities. &gt; 8) Appeals: &gt; Healthy communities allow for appropriate discussion (and appeal) of moderator actions. Appeals to your actions should be taken seriously. Moderator responses to appeals by their users should be consistent, germane to the issue raised and work through education, not punishment. Rudely muting somebody because you're too soy to admit that your actions were not fair and in breach of the fucking website's written rules is not "appropriate discussion (and appeal) of moderator actions." &gt; 10) Management of Multiple Communities &gt; We know management of multiple communities can be difficult, but we expect you to manage communities as isolated communities and not use a breach of one set of community rules to ban a user from another community. In addition, camping or sitting on communities for long periods of time for the sake of holding onto them is prohibited. Banning people as a "preemptive measure against raiding" because they posted a comment in another community you don't approve of is not "managing communities as isolated communities." More power mods should be learning how to read and implement these rules. This goes for anybody who has been unfairly banned by a bot because they've participated in another community, whether it's TIA, KIA, TRP, T_D, etc. Overt censorship is destroying the site and it's about time users (and the admins who can actually enforce the guidelines they posted on the site) take a stand against the shit that suubreddits like JusticeServed, AgainstHateSubreddits and OffMyChest regularly pull.
This isn’t about whether we should be giving egotistical power mods the attention they desperately crave. This is about setting a precedent for how subreddits should be moderated going forward. Even if they don’t investigate these reports and enforce the rules they themselves published, these complaints provide Reddit’s staff with crucial feedback that such behaviour is not okay and is actually killing off user enjoyment/engagement with the website. I’d also argue that heavy handed censorship of this type is polarising and radicalising the website’s various communities even further. Allow me to explain. By running scripts designed to trawl through comments and blanket banning users for having any kind of history posting in controversial subreddits like TheRedPill, KotakuInAction, TumblrInAction, The_Donald, etc; these moderators are chasing away more reasonable and level-headed users that would contribute more meaningful discussion to such communities and downvote/report rule breaking content. This leaves problematic users who simply don’t give a fuck. This results in communities gradually becoming hiveminds of hate and radicalising further. This of course led to many of these communities either being quarantined for heavy amounts of rule breaking activity (T_D, CTH, TIA, KIA to name a few) or outright shut down by the admins (CringeAnarchy, Incels, Braincels, etc.) Want a bigger example of this? Voat. Voat was at one point a promising Reddit clone that promised to capture the original spirit of Reddit’s golden years. It gained traction while Ellen Pao was CEO of Reddit Inc, but after her resignation quelled a lot of resentment from Reddit’s user base, people abandoned Voat in droves. Some time later, when the site was on the brink of death, white supremacists that had been chased away from other platforms commandeered the site into the cesspool of hate it is today. Most people were initially deterred from Voat by lag issues, but now nobody will touch the site with a barge pole because they’re outnumbered by racists. Truth is Voat desperately needs an influx of reasonable users to drown out the hate.
On a semi-related note, someone called me a hypocrite for deeming Riot’s response to the Blitzchung controversy reasonable when I decided to boycott Blizzard - to my credit, I still haven’t touched any of their games since October. I have friends who went even further, deleting their accounts with Blizzard entirely and even defriending people on Discord and Steam who were still supporting Blizzard. I also have other reasons why I stopped supporting Blizzard. I am still livid over how much they shat all over Heroes of the Storm, how badly they fucked up the game’s report system, and just how bad the last three WoW expansions have been. For me WoW Classic was their last hurrah and while I enjoyed it greatly, Blitzchung was the straw that broke the camel’s back. For those out of the loop, in October last year a Hearthstone player was banned for 12 months and had his $10,000 prize winnings stripped from him because he called for the liberation of Hong Kong in his Hearthstone Grandmasters winners’ interview. This prompted a major media and fan backlash against Blizzard, a boycott movement which crashed Blizzard’s servers from the sheer weight of people submitting account data removal requests, a bipartisan letter from Congress condemning Blizzard’s actions and widespread anti-China protests at Blizzcon. There are some key differences between how Blizzard and Riot handled this particular issue. * Blizzard punished Blitzchung without warning with the harshest possible penalty in the book by distorting a vaguely written rule to fit their own narrative. Riot instead made a pre-emptive statement urging participants not to bring up politically sensitive topics that could escalate tensions at Worlds 2019 and warning of consequences. * Blizzard‘s actions went against the core principles of their company, whereas Riot didn’t have such a recognisable company ethos. * Riot’s response was well-worded and gave good justifications for why they wanted nothing to do with the controversy. Blizzard’s statement on the other hand came a week too late, was seemingly not written by J Allen Brack himself based on analysis of the statement itself, had major contradictions, and was a half-assed apology. * Riot’s response came from earlier accusations that they had purposely abbreviated the name of a team in Worlds (Hong Kong Attitude) to HKA to avoid any mention of Hong Kong - something which they denied because they abbreviate team names a lot in general.
Gotta clap some alien cheeks.
Valve provide an API for obtaining friends list and other information, with the user's consent. Epic bypassed it.
It's really bad when 50 of those notifications have your RL address.
What the actual fuck did I just watch?
I blame several socioeconomic factors for high male suicide rates. To summarise: * Men are increasingly vilified by the press, media, (radical) feminist movements, and by greater society. This is driving depression, anxiety and other mental health issues. * Living costs have vastly surpassed wages. Without the ability to afford renting or purchasing a home on a mortgage, more single men than ever before are still living with family members even into their early thirties. This kills their attractiveness because no woman wants to date a man who still lives with his parents. * Mental healthcare is expensive and inaccessible. At least here in the UK, I've had friends put on lengthy NHS waiting lists, until they've attempted to actually take their own lives. Seeing a CBT therapist privately here can cost upwards of £90 per hour long session. * The dating and sexual market (for lack of a better term) has become hypergamous as fuck. As much as I don't like what the manosphere preaches, they raise a very good point when it comes to how difficult it is for men to date women. In short: 1. Regulate the press. This is going to be difficult to pull off in a country with strong constitutional free speech laws like the United States, but there has to be something to keep the media in check and stop any potential witch hunts or male vilification. 2. Build more affordable homes and improve public transportation routes. Scrap green belt legislation if necessary to expand city borders. Property prices are sky high because demand for new homes has greatly surpassed the amount of properties available. Environmentalism is halting expansion and progress. Flooding the market with affordable homes will give further opportunities for home ownership and kill one major stigma affecting single men. 3. Limit foreign investment. Something needs to be done about foreign investors that will just snap up loads of properties and sit on the investment. 4. Provide free mental healthcare services to those who need them. Stop training doctors to blame anything and everything else rather than provide people with the treatment they need. More investment needs to be put into tackling mental health. 5. In at-will states where there is no protection against being fired for a mental health issue, legislation needs to be brought in to outlaw such practices and penalise companies that fire employees for poor mental health. 6. Legalise and regulate prostitution. It's going to be a band-aid fix for a much greater societal issue, but allowing men to directly pay for sex serves two purposes. Firstly it will reduce the stigma of being an inexperienced virgin and secondly it will help protect women already working in the industry under illicit circumstances.
It's still better than the Dota Artifact flow chart which has [JOHN FUCKING MADDEN](http://azeroth.metblogs.com/files/2009/10/catdps.jpg) written all over it.
The more I see of this game, the more baffled I get that Super Smash Bros Melee and Dead or Alive 6 got dropped from EVO for this. When half of your DLC pass is dedicated to big-titted fanservice characters, it doesn't give a good impression of the game's quality.
The jury is still out on the exact moment WoW went into decline. One thing's for certain though, Blizzard have been struggling to keep players interested ever since Cataclysm. In my view, two expansions particularly stand out as the worst. Battle for Azeroth: The current WoW expansion scrapped a lot of character progression systems, abilities and mechanics from Legion and replaced them with half-assed alternatives. The story of the expansion was also particularly bad with Sylvanas's antics as Warchief drawing many parallels to Garrosh Hellscream's downfall. Sylvanas also did a lot of out-of-character stuff in the game too and Blizzard tried to "justify" it by retconning past events in the game's lore. And don't get me started on the current raid, where a major Old God that even the Titans were too scared to kill was eradicated from existence out of the blue with a literal magical girl anime style friendship beam from your Azerite necklace. Warlords of Draenor: This expansion was terrible mainly because Blizzard scrapped heavy amounts of content, launched just three raids and six new dungeons during its lifetime and literally left the player base to rot for 15 months with no content updates whatsoever. Apparently Blizzard wanted to get the next expansion out in a 12 month window and so shrunk WoD to a skeleton crew of developers and moved everyone to work on Legion.
You definitely don't look 31. At first glance I would have assumed you were in your early to mid twenties. Your dress sense is good too. Also there's just something amazing about a good upbeat smile. Definitely a 9/10.
Ah, brainfuck, truly the Dark Souls of programming languages.
If you want ‘Bobby Hill lookalike’, I’d suggest playing Fable and looking at the kids in Bowerstone. In fact, all of the children in that game look like they have dads who sell propane and propane accessories.
I say Britain should extend the Commonwealth into a full trade bloc to compete with the EU, with a focus on economic trade and controlled immigration. Britain would have some major players in this bloc: Australia, Canada, India, Pakistan, New Zealand, South Africa, Malaysia, etc. It would also be a good way to combat China's investment in other African states. The only other Commonwealth member that would pose a conflict of interest to the EU is Cyprus.
&gt; "far too reliant on low-skilled and cheap labour" from the EU Really? A lot of UK workers aren't earning above the fucking minimum wage? And it's not like we can pay EU or international workers less?
Same here. I'm actually playing Minecraft on an anarchy server where there are no rules (not 2b2t or Constantiam) and it's been surprisingly fun.
&gt; Lewis Perry, defending, said: "He is truly and utterly ashamed of what he did." &gt; He said Rahim had been working in the restaurant business but had lost his job as a result of this. He added that he had lost a lot of money on the night. But guys, he lost his job, show him some mercy! Boo fucking hoo! I know this defence lawyer was on the ropes with trying to protect his client but that statement just baffles the hell out of me. Am I supposed to feel any sympathy for someone who was caught on CCTV deliberately following a vulnerable man then violently robbing him outside a casino while he was out on a smoke break? Especially when there were witnesses who intervened and were more than willing to testify against that man? No, this is the kind of man who I hope rots in prison.
Which civ do you normally play? That can have a major impact on your ability to boom and your capabilities in the late game.
What was the alternative? Get shipped off by the Gestapo to a concentration camp and gassed or forced into brutal slave labour?
Sonic '06 never happened.
Oh boy. I can't wait to watch esports broadcasts get ruined by the 300ms input lag, skipped frames, lowered graphical fidelity and constant disconnects that the unfortunate plebs who bought into Stadia have to experience. Because I can almost guarantee that Google will want matches to be played on Stadia with such a partnership. A forced Stadia partnership would truly be the worst deal in the history of deals. At that point Activision Blizzard may as well shut down Overwatch and CoD esports if they can't find a better sponsor to fund their unprofitable leagues.
&gt; We have removed the in-game real-money store. Wait, did the developers seriously try to implement one of the major things that made Diablo III flop?
Are we talking about the Iron Squid 2 series? Because Mvp played badly moreso than Goswser facerolled with OP units. His drop pressure sucked, focused on one instead of multiple areas at a time and his map presence was quite minimal. He should have been sniping creep tumours and doing multi pronged drop pressure to physically and mentally wear his opponent down. Instead, he practically gave his opponent the victory and allowed him to get ultras. Let's not forget how woefully unprepared he was for the ultras either. If he had far more marauders, he would have stood a chance. Then in game 2 we had a 1-1-1 opener, which is awful vs Zerg. The only time 1-1-1 has ever worked in late WoL was as a niche cheese opener against Protoss where you use ravens, siege tanks and marines to hit a specific timing, an opener that is hard countered the moment an immortal comes out. Mvp was not playing at his peak. This wasn't the genius mech play he brought to IEM weeks earlier. This was the play of someone cutting his losses and most likely prepping for HotS.
Just looking at this makes me really glad I didn't buy into Stadia Pro. It's not that I'm skeptical about cloud gaming in general. I had a somewhat okay experience with PlayStation Now and think it has a great library of games available (the bitrate of the video stream however is utter shite and there's a lot of input lag.) I'm also really looking forward to Project XCloud when that releases, because it means that I'll be able to play a lot of Xbox One and Series X exclusives without having to purchase Microsoft's own hardware, and that I'll finally have a reason to invest in Xbox Game Pass assuming this also gives you on-demand access to Microsoft's own library. I would have also given Stadia Base a try to see whether I'd commit to Google's ecosystem, assuming I'd be able to play a few demos or a few F2P titles on the platform without paying a penny. But jeez, Google really over-promised and under-delivered with their launch. They promised all this YouTube streaming integration that isn't there. They promised a vast library of games that aren't there. They promised first party in-house exclusives that are seemingly non-existent. They promised that input latency wouldn't be a concern when it blatantly still is. They promised a level of graphical fidelity that simply isn't there, mainly because they never consulted with early publishers to push graphical performance above and beyond that a high end PC is capable of. Then... their platform due to its cloud based streaming nature introduced a few new problems of its own like missed frames which is worse than performance lag spikes. As for all the games on sale shown... two of them I have no interest in playing. Just Dance is merely Ubisoft casual shovelware, while Trials Rising is a game I could already get for pretty cheap on Steam due to how many times it went on sale. Then there's Mortal Kombat 11 which I initially skipped because of all the microtransactions and online DRM Netherrealm introduced. I'll eventually pick it up, but definitely not on Stadia because fighting games are the most prone to being tarnished by input lag.
Former Teleperformance worker here. Never seen a place so out-of-touch with its own staff. On a national level, TP did themed months with different staff engagement activities. You had the typical monthly themes like a halloween themed month around October, a sports theme on the same month as a major sporting event like the Olympics or the World Cup, etc, and those ones had typical activities like best halloween costume or the 'Staff Olympics' where you competed in typical school sports day events like an egg &amp; spoon race. But one of the worst ones I remember was "Happiness Month" where they pulled us off the phones and made us hold up and wave smiley face placards while they played cheerful music a few times during the month. It hurt staff productivity, it came across as incredibly patronizing and nobody wanted to take part. The specific campaign I worked on later in my tenure had a small team consisting of management and senior agents who organised campaign-specific engagement events, but the team organised rather crappy and poorly advertised events which had even worse attendance. Ironically, two of the four members involved in the engagement team were also terminated for fraud for unrelated reasons. If you want to engage your workers and improve your morale, either pay them more or actually listen to staff feedback about the job itself. If you either make the work less tedious/stressful or make your workers feel like they're being adequately paid and valued for the shit they put up with from management and customers, you will have happier staff and won't have a staff turnover rate of over 80% like TP does.
If using the term “urban” to describe rap and r&amp;b is racist, wait until this guy hears about the MOBO awards....
I'd rather have Pyra than Rex.
What power boost? All Zamasu wished for was immortality and for the Super Dragon Balls to be destroyed to prevent his own wish from being undone. I'm pretty sure that immortality doesn't make you immune to outright erasure. Future Zamasu and Black also most likely eliminated the other destroyers by targeting the weaker kaioshin that they were life linked with. As for why the angels didn't intervene, I wouldn't be surprised if their code of conduct prevented them from challenging Black. They would have surely noticed if someone had wiped out the gods of destruction of every universe. Either DBS has a plot hole visible from space or angels don't go inactive once a destroyer dies, otherwise you'd be seeing the angels disappearing during the Universe Survival Saga.
It is though when you look at its relative performance in the console wars. The Xbox didn't ship anywhere near as many units as the PS2 and came out almost a whole year later, but it was far from a flop. It had some strong exclusives of its own, the best versions of many games, had the first online gaming network, was the only system with built-in storage of that generation and outsold the Gamecube worldwide despite having a nonexistent presence in the Japanese market working against them. As for the Xbox One, it launched at the same time as its main competitior, yet the PS4 outsold it by over 2 to 1. This was because of their dismal E3 performance where they unveiled a more expensive console with weaker specs, forced Kinect, barely any emphasis on games and used game DRM. Many of the exclusives they unveiled were also cancelled, like Project Spark and Fable Legends. Much of its existing install base ditched Microsoft for Sony after that - myself included. Microsoft actually had to backpedal on a lot of things like cross-play just to retain any consumer goodwill they still had after their dismal E3 showing. The fact that Nintendo broke their sales target within less than half the time the moment they finally got their shit together and launched a decent console shows how badly Microsoft fucked up.
In before "Byleth is the Dark Souls of Smash"
I totally believe him. I think he was just looking for another dead body to clickbait.
Fine lemee reword that. I think he was looking for a dead body to clickbait so that he could follow in his brother's footsteps. Can't wait until he starts a blatantly fake feud with Ricegum or Keemstar then they both have a boxing match.
I'd rather have eight more years of George W Bush than that guy. Heck, I'd rather have Joe Exotic in the White House than Trump.
Stifler from American Pie actually.
A question for the NA team if they're reading this subreddit. Why is the Windows 10 store listing geo-blocked for Europeans when you can easily bypass it by just changing the region in your settings to United States; no VPNs or proxies required?
I didn't even play past the intro. I had one play session, switched the game off after the intro mission then never touched it again. The game is probably better than this, but never before or since has my hype for a game been killed so quickly.
Rivals of Aether is without question the best Smash alternative. It has a solid roster featuring a diverse cast of original characters, some hyped third party characters (Ori &amp; Shovel Knight) which unfortunately break the roster's focus on being part of four elemental kingdoms, a somewhat decent tutorial mode and somewhat nice netcode. It could use with a larger roster though and sadly, Shovel Knight was the last character update the game got. Hopefully RoA2 will be bigger and better. Brawlhalla is a distant third because it values heavily loaded third party promotional crossovers with the likes of WWE, Steven Universe and Adventure Time over actual fun gameplay and competitive balance, while Slap City is an even more distant fourth that may look like a competently built Smash clone but has very uninspired and unoriginal characters from the Ludosity universe like Ittle Dew (who is an almost literal female knock-off of Toon Link from a 2D top-down Zelda clone of the same name.) Other indie platform fighters like Indie Pogo and Brawlout aren't even worth mentioning. They may include some pretty obscure indie chracters (like Lilac from Freedom Planet, Yooka-Laylee, Juan from Guacamelee, Dead Cells, Bit Trip, Hyper Light Drifter, etc) but they're pretty much dead games. Plus the former's forced jumping mechanic just ruins the experience. Also, when RoA has Steam Workshop support for custom fighters, what really is the point? RoA have pretty much opened the floodgates for people to add their dream Smash Bros roster to the game, though mods are only supported on PC for understandable reasons. Even the platform fighter that the original Project M team worked on (Icons) completely and utterly flopped.
It's like people who say "I'm not racist, but..." only to then spout out the most bigoted bullshit you've ever heard.
Wait, you're getting honor rewards? Despite two months of good behaviour and playing actively I'm only at checkpoint one of level 0. If anything Riot need to fix the borked system and make Honor easier to obtain. Because if it's going to take a full year of being a manner bear and sucking up to toxic as fuck teammates to finally start earning hextech key shards, then Riot can go fuck themselves.
Tell that to the system that unfairly suspended me for telling bullies shitting on me in the team to stop being a dick.
&gt; [Imagine only caring about this shit when it becomes a world wide recognized tragedy. Lmao literally capitalizing on the deaths of minorities to boost your egos.](https://twitter.com/jonapowna1/status/1268298979990798339) I mean... he isn't wrong here. It's the worst kind of pandering to the Black Lives Matter movement when you're delaying DLC and doing #BlackoutTuesday whilst simultaneously putting the bare minimum amount of effort into policing racism in your own fucking video game. And who do we really have to blame for this? The corporate fat-cats like Bobby Kotick who are making developers like Blizzard and Infinity Ward squeeze their customer support budgets in order to minimize costs and report "record profits" to shareholders. It's a similar reason to why people called out Blizzard for their bullshit when punishing Blitzchung eight months ago. They tried to take the high road and claim that politics had no place in their esports tournaments, when people quickly turned to their heavy promotion of Pride in the Overwatch League. And before you tell me that Blizzard deserves no criticism over this double standard, I'm pretty sure that human rights violations are up there with LGBT rights.
No offence to the people involved in this marketing campaign but was there no money in the budget whatsoever for a greenscreen? They're like 20 bucks on Amazon! This feels like a video someone shot in their personal study whilst their country is on lockdown, not like something from the C&amp;C universe. If you're going to add red lighting and special effects to the video, at least don't half-ass the background scene.
In the case of Riot Games, definitely the worst and most insincere kind of pandering to the BLM movement. Let me explain why. They deserve the heavy backlash they're getting from their tweet, both due to their own toxic company culture (according to the allegations in that gender discrimination lawsuit, their senior management were running the show like a frat house) and their lack of fucks given towards policing racist and other forms of toxic behaviour in their games. The state of solo queue in League of Legends has gotten so bad that streamers and pro players like Doublelift, Sneaky and Voyboy have publicly complained about it. Somebody needs to make an organisation similar to the Overwatch Police Department where they expose and document toxic player behaviour then shame Riot into taking action.
Avilo's should be set to full mute. Dude sounds like nails on a chalkboard and that's far from the worst part about him. Can't believe I used to be a fan of that guy, given all the stuff that's surfaced about him over the past two years. When TeamLiquid, Twitch and even this subreddit deplatform you, you know you're a piece of shit.
&gt; **TL;DR: We’re working with mods to change our content policy to explicitly address hate. u/kn0thing has resigned from our board to fill his seat with a Black candidate, a request we will honor. I want to take responsibility for the history of our policies over the years that got us here, and we still have work to do.** I don't blame kn0thing for resigning. Imagine being married to a strong, independent black woman like Serena Williams and then realising you're the co-founder of a social media website that heavily propped up a racist politician like Donald Trump into a position of power; who is now threatening to send in the troops to brutalise repressed minorities that are protesting for their human and civil rights. It takes guts to walk away from an influential position on such an influential social media website. &gt; In the early days of Reddit, 2005–2006, our idealistic “policy” was that, excluding spam, we would not remove content. We were small and did not face many hard decisions. When this ideal was tested, we banned racist users anyway. In the end, we acted based on our beliefs, despite our “policy.” There lies the problem, and why I think Reddit has progressively become worse and worse as time went on. Your laissez-faire approach towards policing content on the site reeks of laziness and has led to this present situation. My theory remains that the only thing to have shaped your Content Policy has been negative publicity: * Content sexualising minors? Banned after Anderson Cooper's exposé on the Jailbait subreddit; a subreddit that was once one of Reddit's fastest growing communities and which you even gave a physical award to Violentacrez for commemorating its existence. * Involuntary pornography? Banned after r/ShitRedditSays ran a prolific mailbombing campaign against the CreepShots sub that greatly harmed Reddit's image as a website and led to the doxxing of one of your most active moderators (Violentacrez.) * Racial hate? You claim that Reddit has always banned hate speech. That's a blatant lie because subreddits like C**ntown and GreatApes were allowed to flourish for so many years. Anyway, hate speech was blatantly cracked down upon due to the media reporting on such subreddits. * Incel/Manosphere subreddits? Not explicitly banned due to content policy violations, but most of the subs like Incels, TheRedPill, Braincels, MGTOW, etc were either banned or quarantined due to negative press. * Violence/Gore? Only banned because people had the nerve to share footage of the Christchurch massacre when it happened; not out of promotion towards extremist propaganda but out of pure morbid curiosity. That one was a particularly big show of double standards and very poor communication with both the WPD mods and the greater community as a whole. If you really cared about extremist propaganda, why did nobody on Reddit give a shit about the community sharing ISIS execution propaganda videos several years prior. Then there's the double-standards in how you've enforced your Content Policy, Code of Conduct and Mod Guidelines. Left wing subreddits like r/AgainstHateSubreddits, r/ChapoTrapHouse and others have been allowed to get away with so much more. Heck, if your former CEO Yishan Wong is to be believed, r/ShitRedditSays got away with outright doxxing and harassing Reddit staff members and wasn't nuked from orbit. I've appealed unfair bans from subreddits I haven't even participated in like r/JusticeServed via your Moderator Complaint form and got zero response. &gt; I do want to be thoughtful and also gather feedback from our moderators (through our Mod Councils). With more moderator engagement, the timeline is weeks, not months. Considering that Digg fell apart due to a disastrous redesign and months of failing to address the site's issue with power users gaming the algorithm, a mod council feels like a dangerous path to walk down. At the moderator level, Reddit is already ran by a cabal of power users. Just a handful of mods run dozens of the site's biggest subreddits. These people garner far greater amounts of power and influence over the site's content than people like MrBabyMan did on Digg. I feel like rather than pander to the site's most active users, you should really stop deluding yourselves that Reddit remains the "bastion of free speech" that it used to be. We've learned that free speech is overrated, especially when it lets radical voices slip through the cracks and gain huge influence. You are a privately owned company. You have zero obligation to uphold the First Amendment because you are not a branch of the government. If anything you should be using America's freedoms to actively kick undesirable users and communities off the platform with clear and concise policies. I'd be totally fine with you taking a stance and making radical changes to your content policy and mod guidelines if you: 1. Enforced this fairly and consistently. 2. Stopped pretending to uphold free and open speech. 3. Stopped screwing over new users out of fear of astroturfers.
I'm sure he would have a library/study... In the base of operations that he occupied in the first game or in the Sarajevo Temple Prime, not in a random American suburban home.
We have that here in Bristol too. There [is a growing campaign to pretty much expunge Edward Colston from the city's history books](https://thebristolcable.org/2016/11/famous-slave-trader-celebrated-in-bristol-again/), have statues of him pulled down and have multiple buildings named after him like the Colston Hall renamed because of his involvement in Britain's slave trade, which was completely normalised in Western society at the time. Colston is celebrated because of his work as a philanthropist, his service as a Bristol MP and because he was a prominent figure in Bristol's Society of Merchant Venturers, not because he sold slaves. Expunging him from the history books like cancel culture is demanding we do would set a dangerous precedent of who else we could expunge from the history books because their past actions would be seen as unethical by today's standards. Where do we go from there? Should we stop celebrating famous Ancient Greek thinkers like Herodotus or Pythagoras because [the Ancient Greeks embraced paedophilia for instance?](https://allthatsinteresting.com/pederasty) There is also a lot of irony in the movement to have Colston purged from our city's history. Twelve years ago, [the Bristol City Council were pressured into dropping "Merchant's Quarter" as a perfectly legitimate name for our newly built shopping district because of people complaining about how the mere mention of the word "merchant" has links to the Slave Trade. Instead, they went with a far more stupid name like "Cabot Circus."](http://www.bbc.co.uk/bristol/content/articles/2007/02/26/cabotcircus_feature.shtml), Despite John Cabot most likely being involved in the slave trade himself, as any merchant or pioneer in that era would have been. Point is, people like John Cabot and Edward Colston were a product of their time. If we started judging everybody by today's moral, ethical and legal standards, we would probably have to pull down so many landmarks.
Somebody needs to go the ESEA, Anther's Ladder, Starbow or iCCup route and make an external League of Legends ladder in some form, either hosted on a private server or (if Riot would sic their legal team on the organisers over that) using custom games in the official client instead, with a companion external client for parsing replay data. The ladder should have far stricter rules like a zero tolerance stance on inting/throwing, troll picking (in solo queue matches) and hate speech, with an actual dedicated moderator team. If players are found to be violating the rules, ban them from the ladder.
A lot. If your bot lane isn't coming to help drakes, it means 1 of 3 things: 1. They're being pushed out to turret, in which case you should try and help them deward/put pressure on the lane. 2. They're playing hyper carries that hit like a pool noodle until they hit a power spike, this is usually when they get key items or 3. They have the situational awareness of a chickpea. The same rule applies to junglers. Supports should also take the initiative to secure drake and communicate to their jungler that it's time to take them. If their jungler doesn't respond, it generally means they're too stupid to be playing League or are preoccupied with a gank already.
Dota 2's report system is wholly automated, in the respect that players are restricted to one report a week, and if you get reported more than 99% of players for a specific category, you get punished and drop in Behaviour Score. If your report is successful, you get another one to use that week. This is a problem for four reasons: 1. Barely anybody reports for chat offences, meaning the community is toxic and racist as fuck. Especially on the European servers where there are a lot of Russians/Eastern Europeans and the North American servers where a lot of Brazilian and Latin American players play, chat can often turn so toxic that it makes the likes of Tyler1 and PSZ look like teletubbies. I'm not blaming these players, but their mere presence ends up agitating the racists and matches frequently turn into full blown flame wars. 2. If somebody sucks at the game, there is a very high chance that they will be punished with low priority queue if they underperform in a match. This has happened to me personally a few times. Now... Riot may be incompetent but they're not incompetent enough to punish players for being bad at the game, are they? 3. Reports are not investigated at all by Valve. Even if a player's Behaviour Score plummets so much that they risk a six month or even permanent ban. 4. Often it takes four to five reports to get a player slapped with LPQ. This low threshold encourages mob mentality and cyberbullying, by encouraging players to gang up on an underperforming player and maliciously x4 report them for disruptive gameplay.
["25 cents is all it takes, Kevin."](https://youtu.be/jQWZjVploT8)
**LCS organisers take note, *this* is how you do marketing.** Not with a kiddy, amateur quality animated teaser featuring Phreak and Kobe drawn like [CalArts abominations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on-G_g3Fu_I), but with jokes, funny quotes, jabs at the LoL player base, swearing, cameos from pro players, and an overall better understanding of what the audience wants. The LCS Summer Split teaser is wildly inaccurate by comparison. It shows us a depiction of a LoL fan waking up after a fresh night's sleep at eight in the morning, showering, putting on cologne, putting on a fresh T-shirt, brewing a coffee, making breakfast and sitting down at his couch to watch some LCS with the kind of wide, shit-eating grin on his face that you'd only see from cartoons like SvtFoE or Steven Universe. It's like what Riot Games delusionally believe their player base to be when in reality, most of the foul-mouthed neck beards who actually play LoL and watch LCS are probably the polar opposite of the above. At least the marketing team behind LEC respect the intelligence and maturity of their audience.
I've had many games like this before. I'm not going to give my true thoughts on such players, because that would violate the subreddit's rules. However, I will say that the overall behaviour of people I see in my matches is disgusting and makes me think these people's parents failed. If any reasonable parent saw their kid typing even 20% of the shit that's been thrown at me frequently, they'd be grounded for at least a month.
The one I'm most hyped for is Pool Party Vayne, just because I'm a sucker for one-piece swimsuits and don't want to play Miss Fortune. Obviously not coming this year, guess I'll have to wait until 2021 at the very least. I think it's an absolute disservice that [there are still unreleased skins from the original Pool Party teaser six years ago.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/4/49/Pool_Party_Promo_1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/1000?cb=20180515040518) Ziggs got his skin (eventually), Dr Mundo got his skin, Leona got her skin, Graves got his skin, Renekton got his skin, Lee Sin got his skin, but not the others shown.
[On the plus side Speedrunner Link is actually in Rivals of Aether.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e_q4QOVLYE)
They should've at least made it an option to appease both the purists and those who think BW is clunky as shit. A few ways they could even make it still competitively balanced is to restrict key units like mutalisks to 12 in a control group, or break magic boxing if more than 12 units are selected. Blizzard has done it before so it's not like it will take much work: they showed it off as a Blizzcon exclusive build which only attendees could play two years ago. And before you tell me to "play starcraft 2 instead", it's a fundamentally different game and I hate the design changes Blizzard have made over the years.
I call absolute bullshit on the notion that Riot are treating any kind of negativity seriously. [This is the kind of shit I see and report in my matches.](https://i.imgur.com/owHnP8x.png) This is considerably worse than the chat which landed me punishments from Riot, and so much worse than what got Hai docked several levels worth of Honor and a chat restriction. And what if I told you I've seen worse behaviour than this, like people wishing death and serious illness upon others, people spamming homophobic and racist slurs in chat. And don't even get me started on the sheer volumes of disruptive gameplay I see that blatantly goes unpunished because Riot's report system is totally borked. Riot are pathologically lying through their teeth about how the League of Legends report system works, and it's about time we boycott the game or at least stop buying skins like sheep until they fix their game. It's a worst-kept secret at this point that LoL's report system is wholly automated and exclusively targets frequently reported players. It's also a worst-kept secret that Riot set their threshold for what constitutes negative behaviour incredibly low, because they don't want players to successfully appeal unfair and bullshit account penalties, because then that would be admitting that the system is flawed. Which begs the question, why do you guys still sheepishly buy the new Lux or Evelynn skin that Riot continually craps out? Is it some kind of hope that Riot will change if you throw your credit card at them, or is it a form of Stockholm Syndrome?
To be fair, Halo Anniversary Edition is the only half-assed part of the Master Chief Collection. This is because they based their work on the shoddy PC port of Halo: Combat Evolved that Gearbox Software produced. You know, the one where Randy Pitchford and his cronies haphazardly broke shader effects, bump mapping, fog and other aspects of the game's graphical presentation in order to rush the port out. The worst part is that 343 didn't even bother to fix the aspects of the game's graphical presentation that PC version owners complained about, and only based their port on that version of the game because it had working online multiplayer. The remastered assets of Halo 1 Anniversary are also haphazardly slapped on with no consideration for the original game's geometry. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the second and third mission. Cliffs and boulders often do not line up with the original geometry, and since the game's physics and collision detection are based on said geometry, prepare to collide with a lot of invisible walls or be seen by enemies through parts of a rock that have no collision detection whatsoever. In other words, playing with the remastered graphics is an inferior experience. Compare this to Halo 2 Anniversary Edition, which looks and runs like a dream on PC, because it was based on the PC port of Halo 2, which was a good port, albeit marred by the fact that it was a Windows Shitsta exclusive. The worst part about Halo 2's PC port was that Microsoft held back PC releases of future Halo games for years afterwards; despite the fact that PC gamers didn't buy this version of Halo 2 not because they weren't Halo fans, but because they weren't willing to spend top dollar on a game released in 2004 that was made a DirectX 10 exclusive for no other reason than to give their shoddy new OS an obligatory exclusive, despite there being no aspect of this version that justified the use of DX10. Vista was very bad. So much so that people overwhelmingly chose to wait until Windows 7's release four years later to upgrade from XP.
Tildes is the best match for what you described. It's a bit of a closed off invite only walled garden, where radical right wing view points and being an ass will quickly get you purged.
If these guys are Diamond then Tyler1 is Apdo by comparison.
Torchlight III feels like something that should never have been considered let alone released in early access. Perfect World should have just cut their losses and left the series alone. Instead they're taking the baby that the studio they acquired then shut down due to budgetary cuts produced and they're mutilating it. Even the short lived MapleStory 2 feels like a worthier ARPG than this shit.
Watching Doublelift get completely and utterly styled on by the team he shat on and left in an unprofessional manner puts a smile on my face. Tactical might just be TL's ticket to not just placing in Worlds but being NA's hope for an actual tournament victory.
That's the point where I'd realise I'm washed up, then just retire in shame and stick to being a streamer.
I quit Heroes of the Storm for similar reasons. So did a lot of others. Contrary to popular belief, HotS didn't fail because Blizzard hopped on the MOBA bandwagon four years too late. Overwatch skipped the class based shooter fad by a full eight years, yet started its own trend of shameless knock-offs from the sheer quality of their product. Rather... HotS failed because Blizzard alienated their core hardcore player base. They did this by automating their report system to exclusively target and punish frequently reported players without investigation. The problem is that Blizzard, like Riot, set their threshold for what constituted abusive chat so low that they upheld a lot of unfair punishments where the punishment did not fit the crime. This quantity-over-quality approach is flawed for a very big reason. It encourages players to adopt a mob mentality and effectively cyberbully people they don't like out of the game with malicious mass reporting to push said players over the threshold required for them to be automatically banned. It also means that a lot of legitimate reports don't get picked up because those players don't hit that automatic volume threshold. When Riot claim that their system isn't automated, they're blatantly lying through their teeth because anybody who has played this game will have observed the behaviour that I just described. Don't believe me that this was the state of HotS? * /u/6DoNotTalk was [unfairly silenced over 20 times. Each one overturned.](https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/6hwrtr/unfairly_silenced_20_times/) * [This player had a 32 day silence upheld for merely criticising teammates and addressing them with sarcastic remarks.](https://i.imgur.com/FMHTsHR.png) This was screenshotted from the official HotS website, unfortunately, Blizzard shut this thread down and suspended all the participants from the forums, myself included. * /u/Kentorriz spent [upwards of three months trying to get a 512 day silence lifted.](https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/8dkamg/contacted_blizzard_about_my_silence_got_a/dxpnoai/?context=3) If you look at his post history, [you'll see that he had chat disabled before being slapped with this ban, and that Blizzard spent months rudely fobbing off his appeals with cut-and-paste replies despite there being zero evidence.](https://imgur.com/a/kQr98uR) * /u/adaq9 had a 64 day silence [upheld by Blizzard for inoffensive chat that was not ban worthy.](https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/4o5l07/the_flaws_in_the_mute_system_from_an_experienced/) * /u/nobatus513 was permanently banned for "nonparticipation." Customer Support [refused to manually review his ban because they had so much faith in their automated system.](https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/8xzofm/had_a_call_with_a_blizzard_rep_nonparticipation/) * /u/jelako had his ban unfairly upheld by Blizzard for playing in a way they saw as "off meta." [An example of this is him claiming that Jelako "took merc camps as a healer."](https://www.reddit.com/r/heroesofthestorm/comments/907p3m/suspensions_to_high_volume_players/e2r6add/) When playing Rehgar, this is standard fucking meta because Rehgar has superb waveclear and can efficiently take merc camps. HotS also has a shared XP system and no gold income so it doesn't matter who takes jungle camps. I have many more examples than just these, and this shit has even seeped into other Blizzard games like World of Warcraft and Overwatch. Riot are now taking a similar approach to Blizzard with this and it's killing the game. Game ruining behaviour is rife and it's spoiling the integrity of the game. HotS players quit the game because of Blizzard's wilful ignorance towards the injustices of their report system and with a lot of MOBAs like Smite, Dota 2, etc on the market, the same could happen to LoL. Riot and Blizzard haven't set their threshold for what constitutes abusive chat so low because they're trying to pander to the easily triggered who get up in arms when someone sarcastically criticises their play. Rather, both companies set the threshold this low because they want to cut the costs of having people manually review player reports, and because they don't want to admit that their respective report systems are total crocks of shit. By cutting costs, they increase their turnover and report "record profits" to their fat cat shareholders, at the expense of the players.
People who do this are truly what's killing the competitive integrity of the game. When people think it's okay to play unviable "off-meta" shit to the detriment of their team, it means Riot should work to ban these teams, not the players rightfully flaming them.
Source: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/jun/15/florida-coronavirus-cases-counter-rebekah-jones-fired-scientist
When people say "you can't hear pictures", show them the bottom-left one.
Shaggy Rogers confirmed?
If I were Wei, I'd try to get out of that contract ASAP. Fuck the people who think it's cool to dock a month's salary from a player over a small mistake like this.
Because no amount of Challenger level play can offset shitty teammates.
&gt; But while anime styled, I had a hunch that it wasn’t actually Japanese, which one quick google search later, was proved correct; Wayforward are based in California. What gave it away is, while the horniness of Japanese anime isn’t in dispute, in the family friendly sector it’s always had this air of plausible deniability. Did Yahtzee even do 5 mins of research before writing this script? Studio Trigger (a Japanese animation studio well known for anime like Kill La Kill and Little Witch Academia) did the intro. Calling it "fake anime" because it was commissioned by a Western games company is just uneducated. &gt; Sorry, yes, gameplay, I remember that. Seven Sirens is the first Shantae game to be a true Metroidvania, that is, set in a single interconnected world; previous Shantaes were more hub-based, Metroidvania-adjacent. Metroid-feign-ia if you will. You get new abilities from saving the other half-genies that open up more areas in the world, but ironically for such a titty game the environments seem kinda flat. Hold up, did this guy *seriously* call Shantae, Risky's Revenge and The Pirate's Curse Metroid-feign-ias because they were segregated in some way by a hub world? I didn't know that having a hub world disqualified your game from being a Metroidvania... &gt; But no, I looked it up and the first Shantae game came out in 2002. It was on the Game Boy Color, for fuck’s sake. Shantae’s nearly 20 years old. Which does make me feel better about masturbating to it. Wayforward Games, it turns out, have kept the lights on over the years knocking out shitty licensed games with Shantae being just about their only original IP, and this really threw me. Okay... so Yahtzee clearly never played a Shantae game before if he didn't know of the series' origins. He even so much as admits it at the end when he said he turned to HGH and found it not bad. He also has serious balls, or is getting seriously lazy himself by daring to call out the developer of River City Girls, Mighty Switch Force, Contra 4, Double Dragon Neon and Ducktales Remastered for "knocking out shitty licensed games."
10 bucks says it's Winnie the Pooh rule 34.
[Oh come on, tell me Manny does not resemble Neil Druckmann.](https://i.redd.it/2xaw3wpcfj351.png) The only hyperbolic statements people have made about TLOU2 is that Neil inserted himself into the &gt;!sex scene. The scene involves Owen, not Manny.!&lt;
Team Fortress 2 is pretty much a dead game at this point. For all the problems Overwatch has (and there are many), Blizzard at least do a competent job teaching players the ropes and enforcing competitive team comps. TF2 meanwhile has a casual matchmaking mode that is full of aim-bots who are programmed to either gang up on and kick you from the server if you try to initiate a vote kick against them, or deliberately crash the server in an exploit that took Valve weeks and lots of shaming to patch. The source code leak from several weeks ago should also be very worrying since TF2 has hardly been updated for years. More ways are going to be found to break the game and kill off what little player base it has left.
This is gonna be a very unpopular opinion... **Kindred** Kindred is a jungler that focuses heavily on ganks and invading the enemy jungle. The problem is that Kindred's moveset is not only total dogshit but is easily countered through jungle invades, playing safe and generally contesting jungle camps on your side that are marked. Kindred's Q has pitifully short range, to the point where trying to use it to scale cliffs or other terrain requires the subpixel-perfect precision and positioning of a Super Mario Bros speedrunner. Kindred also falls apart quickly when shitty teammates are added to the equation. If your team is inconsiderate and will not position/ward in the jungle to scout invades, your blue buff will get stolen and your level 3 gank will become utterly weak. Also... any jungler above Bronze will be able to accurately predict Kindred's level 3 gank path and effectively counter-gank him for a kill, or even First Blood if they're quick enough. I'd also put Twitch in a similar category because his ability damage is pitifully low (his passive does like... 16 damage per second at 5 stacks. Sure it may be true damage but it's not the high DPS lane bullying potential of Teemo's E.) His only saving grace is his Q. I'd say Teemo is a better marksman jungler, hands down. His Q is absurdly good at peeling most AD champs, he can clear camps with minimal damage thanks to the blind having a doubled duration on monsters, his W gives him the ability to catch up to enemies, and from level 6 onwards, his ability to place down shrooms like pseudo wards around objectives makes him super oppressive at securing them. Also, Teemo can be built in two ways: full AP with Nashor's Tooth, Liandry's Torment and either Void Staff or Rabadon's Deathcap as your core items, or with AD/on-hit items. Give him a BotRK and run Press the Attack or Hail of Blades. Stealth in bush, you will be pelting the enemy like a machine gun for your typical attack damage, plus 8% of their current health per shot. An AD build is kinda suboptimal because it heavily nerfs the damage of his shrooms and E, but it can be a good idea if you're too overloaded on AP champions.
Square Enix have serious balls to be taking one of the most hated levels in Kingdom Hearts II and turning it into a fully-fledged game. Because nobody in their right mind would say that they liked KH2's Atlantica stage.
If this is how Amumu is, I thought he'd thrive in the Korean meta where early gank junglers aren't really favoured?
Meanwhile I got disconnected due to router/ISP issues, went downstairs to get a drink, was AFK for about a minute after being reconnected because I wasn't expecting the reboot to resolve itself, and got flagged by LeaverBuster.
I still like the review he gave towards AMID EVIL, a similar 90s throwback FPS published by New Blood. ["This game actually makes my dick hard enough to cut glass."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxCISDFGPaw#t=1m57s)
Aphelios: so broken, even Doublelift can 1v9 with it.
Surprised companies like Nintendo aren't lobbying the US government to ban unauthorized emulation in general. I mean Disney is basically the sole reason copyrights and trademarks last such an absurdly long time, and why Mickey Mouse is still not in the public domain. And Nintendo are basically the Disney of the games industry both in terms of their kiddy image and their tendency to aggressively defend their IP.
I'm still salty about the removal of Nexus Blitz and the fact that it was pulled in favour of Teamfight RNGtics. Hardly anybody played NB because you required an account in good standing to even queue for it. Considering that most of the LoL player base is toxic as fuck, there would be very few players at or above level 2 Honor. That is what I call Riot alienating their core audience.
The real question: How easily triggered does one have to be to think that merely calling out a player for AFKing is deserving of a chat restriction, let alone a ban? Riot fail to understand that anger and frustration are natural human emotions that you'd feel from players ruining your game experience through disruptive behaviour. You cannot "maintain a positive attitude" when some a-hole is running it the fuck down mid or AFKing. If LCS players truly gave a fuck about solo queue and player integrity they should boycott the league and refuse to play until Riot overturns the ban and changes their behaviour policies. Because what happened to Hai is grossly unfair.
I'm starting to think that the herd immunity strategy wouldn't have been such a bad option, if the government 1. Locked down care homes and hospitals early, these have the most vulnerable people and they should have been shielded immediately. 2. Offered the vulnerable the right to be furloughed from work for 3 months. If you're immunocompromised, are diabetic, have cerebral palsy or another condition that would make the virus deadlier, you'd be eligible. 3. Restricted people from visiting households with vulnerable people (whether due to age, health, etc.) Of course the best option would have been to lock down the country immediately and contain the virus early. I also think the virus won't spread that badly in the summer months. It's already hot as hell in the UK and this virus dies out quickly in heat.
It's an effective marketing strategy. How many people do you think would have bought Crackdown if it didn't come with an invite to the Halo 3 multiplayer beta?
Oh no, a *one day boycott*. What will Twitch do! [Maddox already told us eight years ago when he gave us his comments on SOPA why one day boycotts are bullshit and don't work.](http://thebestpageintheuniverse.net/c.cgi?u=pass_sopa) Maybe they should ditch their internet slacktivism, leave Twitch outright and defect to an alternative platform. Facebook, YouTube, Smashcast, DLive, etc would welcome them with open arms. I would have even said "defect to Mixer" had they not literally announced their shutdown yesterday.
Now's a good time to buy into government bonds. Britain's gonna have to foot that fucking bill somehow.
Yet their death rate has been rather low considering how the virus has impacted them. The high amount of confirmed cases could be more of a testament to how extensively they're testing. Things could get worse in India's case. Monsoon season has come. If the theory that UV rays kill off the coronavirus has any credit, you're not gonna see them in heavy rain conditions. The death toll in the country could very well hit British or even worse.
To me Avilo needs psychological help. I don't know what it is he has but he's been slowly destroying his own career and reputation. He's banned from this subreddit, banned from TL, banned from Twitch, been bear-baited further by various online groups, has faced legal repercussions from his harassment of various women online, and I'm pretty sure he's a few weeks away from being banned from YouTube and Twitter too.
The same mums who take their kids to see shoddy pantomimes and who propped up Paul O'Grady's career are doxxing and threatening a drag queen for wanting to encourage children to read a book? What the fuck, Mumsnet?
I can't believe there are people who seriously bought her $30 gamer girl thot water.
My only question: will this in any way show the dark side of the idol industry or is it going to be glorified?
This banner may not directly be a racist statement, but it was certainly a dog-whistle for racists, and was definitely in bad taste given the current political situation. Black Lives Matter is a movement to specifically raise awareness of and campaign against institutionalised racism and brutality in the police force against black people. Displaying a "White Lives Matter" slogan above a football stadium that has shown solidarity towards BLM both undermines and mocks the movement. White people are a majority in both the UK and the US, and do not face discrimination from society or law enforcement. Good call on Burnley to do this, though if comments on the locked /r/soccer thread on this story are any indication, lifetime bans aren't fully enforced and this will likely mean jack shit if they're part of any syndicate or group of fans.
Also, if you want to fix your game, stop spreading lies and false platitudes that you take toxicity "very seriously", stop automating the fucking report system, and actually bother to hire some people to manually sift through player reports. League of Legends is a terrible game because the player base is toxic as fuck and is about as stable as a block of uranium. Voyboy's complained about it, Sneaky's complained about it, Hai's been unfairly chat restricted and dropped down to level 1 honor because he's complained about it in chat and you guys upheld his chat resstriction due to your stupid policies on what constitutes "abusive chat."
I call bullshit. Captchas are actually pretty bad these days at deterring bots. Jagex used to use them in Runescape Classic, through the use of a fatigue system. Running out of fatigue would hamper your XP gains and stop you from doing most actions. You had to sleep in a bed (or a sleeping bag) and enter a CAPTCHA to restore it. Unfortunately, RSC's captchas were extremely fucking primitive and could easily be bypassed by bots, much like this one. They were such a bad bot deterrent that Jagex actually scrapped them in 2004 with the release of Runescape 2.
&gt; They will try very hard to prevent you from circumventing the ban. Also, if you want to complain, they have an automated form system that just discards your message and replies with "Hi, I'm a robot and I can't read so you are still banned, enjoy". Under GDPR I'm pretty sure this would be grounds for a lawsuit. The law gives you the right to have automated decisions against you manually reviewed by a human. Though... The TIFU story is a well deserved example of Google perma banning a entire company from their platform.
On the one hand: a Pokémon MOBA is an incredible idea. There's a huge roster of creatures, types create a far easier to understand counter system than the likes of games like League of Legends, and Pokémon with several stages of evolution would make great late game carries. On the other hand: Tencent Games and TiMi isn't exactly known for quality. I also wouldn't be surprised if this was a lazy Pokémon reskin of Arena of Valor.
CoD Mobile was only "good" because it had a fairer business model and was filled with less pay-to-win bullshit than Black Ops 4 or Modern Warfare. It's sad when the mobile version of a beloved franchise published in cooperation with Tencent is less aggressively monetized than the main game. &gt; I don't know about Arena of Valor because I've never played. AoV was only created because Riot refused to bow down to Tencent's request that they make a mobile version of League of Legends. It's a cheaply made LoL bootleg with uninspired champions, an ugly interface and a lack of competitive balancing. The Switch version of the game is also light years behind in terms of updates. Of course Riot announced Wild Rift a few months back, and with that in development, it will blow any shitty mobile MOBA out of the water on release...
I don't believe in the idea of trends. Overwatch missed the class based shooter fad that TF2 started by eight years. Rather than die out, the quality of the product instead pushed a new fad of uninspired knock-offs.
And that's why I feel it won't do well.
I've noticed a lot of crackling audio in Reach, especially during cutscenes. It's not even like the characters were talking via radio comms either. My biggest complaint with MCC is with Combat Evolved. The original graphics are based on the Gearbox PC port and therefore had a lot of absent bump mapping and fog effects. It's actually amazing how inferior the PC port of Halo CE looks compared to the original Xbox version. The Anniversary graphics are a major upgrade, but the level geometry hardly matches the original, and since collision physics are based on the original models, prepare to shoot a lot of invisible walls, especially on the Halo and Truth &amp; Reconciliation levels.
The r/starcraft mod team certainly had the right idea, as did TL.
Whatever it is it's fucking raw!
Not an unpopular opinion at all. They went all-out with Limit Break x Survivor, even to the point of bringing out Kiyoshi Hikawa.
Or worse, it could end in a mass shooting. Atira, or whoever Avilo is obsessed with if/when he finally snaps may not be the only person in danger here.
Do any RTS/MOBA hybrids exist? I mean MOBA games where you train and control a small force of units rather than one champion. The closest I could think of was Guardians of Atlas but that shut down within less than 3 weeks of its alpha.
&gt; As we said in our first client blog, we believe that the best way to solve some of the client's performance issues is by consolidating and reducing the number of plugins and ember apps in the client. &gt; Plugins—for those who don't know—are tools that allow us to break the client's code up into useful chunks. Ember apps help drive the client's user interface. &gt; We've continued to make progress toward this goal. The chart below shows the total count of plugins and ember apps over time. Plugins? Ember apps? Bootstrap ember apps? Are they just throwing around random buzz words to excuse their lack of work/progress at this point? Also, if they're using Ember\.js as I presume they are, is it a good idea to boast about this when a lot of apps that are dogshit like PSNow use it?
Method are finished, and so is Sco's career as a professional WoW player. They lost many sponsors, entire tiers of management, lots of players even on their core WoW raid team and a load of partner personalities and organisations have outright refused to work with them going forward. Sco enabled severe sexual misconduct within his own organisation. He knew about the allegations against Josh since 2018 yet did nothing. It took them mere hours to kick Jokerd from their guild over "ninja looting" but apparently grooming, sexual harassment and rape are not serious enough offences to merit a /gkick? Nobody is going to sponsor anything involving Josh or Sco going forward. Sco may not have been directly responsible but he has shown gross negligence in handling these allegations and deserves to be cancelled for that alone. Even in terms of their guild nobody worth their weight will want to join a guild that has enabled and even borderline condoned grooming, paedophilia and sexual harassment.
You could make a top tier NA LCS roster out of these names... Honestly, a shitty low ranked LCS team like Golden Guardians or Dignitas should consider poaching some of these players.
Teamfight Lucktics in a nutshell. Try to go a chrono/brawler/blaster or sniper comp and roll nothing but Dark Stars, Mystics, Rebels and Sorcerors. Try to go a mage comp and get nothing but the opposite shit.
Halo Online was a good idea since there were loads of people asking for a port of later Halo games. Problem is... it was launched in the wrong market. If it launched in the West then it would have been far more successful. The success of ElDewrito shows that there would have been a huge demand for the game too. Russia is a very unusual market to release this game in, especially given political tensions and sanctions.
Better anti-cheat software is the solution. Warden's a bit of a joke these days, especially as hacks burrow deeper into the system and become damn near undetectable. What we need is an evolution in cheat detection. Riot and Denuvo have the right idea of requiring kernel-level access with their respective anti-cheat software solutions.
It would be a colossal waste of taxpayer's money. And when there are people already whinging about what our budget is already wasted on...
If India really wants to throw some shade, they should erect a statue of Winnie the Pooh in the disputed territory.
First of all, I am not saying any of this as a supporter of Donald Trump. If anything I loathe the mop-haired buffoon. It's good that you're finally taking a stance on hate speech. [It took Reddit years of being slammed in the press for allowing such communities to flourish](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/07/17/coontown-a-noxious-racist-corner-of-reddit-survives-recent-purge/) and for the resignation of the site's co-founder for this to finally happen. Which is surprising because Reddit's changes to its content policy have been almost wholly in reaction to negative press. However, despite the ban of /r/ChapoTrapHouse, there are a lot of people who will still feel that this ban wave was targeted specifically at the right wing. Is this why the names of the other 1900+ subreddits you've banned have been blurred out with asterisks? Did you not want the Reddit community to scrutinise your enforcement of the rules and allege that they were biased against right wing, conservative and Republican voices? Also, I'm actually surprised you banned /r/the_donald and didn't just depose the head mod and install a brand new mod team. The_Donald was honestly the canary in the coal mine to a lot of people on the site. The worry is that they will see the ban and think the site has gone to shit with censorship. I wouldn't be surprised if there was some kind of exodus towards competing social news aggregators like Saidit, Ruqqus, Voat, etc. Ruqqus's website has been persistently down and their Discord has gotten a *whole* lot busier thanks to the ban wave. I also worry this ban on t_d could force Trump's hand. [He's already signed executive orders to strip legal protections from social media sites because Twitter started publishing fact-check notifications alongside his tweets.](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/may/28/donald-trump-social-media-executive-order-twitter) How do you think he's gonna respond to a direct ban on one of his biggest communities?
Oh I'm sure Aaron Swartz is turning like a fucking rotisserie chicken in his grave. Or maybe if he saw the current sociopolitical climate he'd be agreeing with Spez too...
Carmageddon? Retro City Rampage DX?
