If you cancel the order, you'll take a metrics hit. On Amazon, its typically best to incorporate the shipping price into the item price and have it listed as 'Free Shipping'. Typically this is how you'll want to price: `Retail Price = Landed Wholesale Cost + Expected Profit + Freight Cost + Amazon Commissions` Typically before you list anything, you need to figure out your pricing, because once the item is sold, you're essentially committed to fulfilling the order regardless of the price you listed it at.
This should be the lesson learned: No more geriatric presidents please.
He preferred blueberry pancakes while "roughing it"
Maybe lumpy can finally be waterboarded?
Did they contact you initially within the 30 day returns period?
Yes sounds good.
I mean, I know DJT Jr. is a monumental idiot, but doesn't he realize we have an extradition treaty with Canada?
Terrible advice.
Did you have another account? If so its a strict violation of Amazon's rules. One that can not be appealed.
Yes. Don't violate Amazon's rules in the first place. He failed to do so, so he has to deal with the repercussions. Multiple accounts is a huge and unforgivable violation.
No, he can sell on other venues like eBay. Amazon's word is final on multiple account bans. They won't even accept an appeal. Read the rules before you start selling and that won't happen.
Yes. Only accounts I've ever heard of with this option are from an older version of the platform. At least until now.
I don't use Shipstation, but another cloud based warehouse management system. Every night I always double check on Amazon directly to make sure there is nothing that will be marked late. Its a good fail safe way to prevent this issue.
&gt;If it wasn't for Brown's conservative fiscal ways, California legislature would have spent that surplus ages ago. Not at all. The legislature has a veto proof majority. If they wanted to spend it, they would have despite Brown's wishes.
Is that someone vomiting in the background? Wut
&gt;While everyone has a negative Musk story they spin it positive Maybe you need to reflect on what is wrong with the negative coverage first. Think about it analytically and come to your own conclusion instead of having it fed to you. There are many people and organizations that want to see ALL of Elon's enterprises fail, including SpaceX, Neuralink, Tesla, etc.
"Show me what you got!"
Sue a buyer, lose your account. You failed to ship in a reasonable period of time.
I ship about 50k packages in a year. About 2/3 of them via USPS. I've seen some lost packages, but if they're lost they typically stay lost. Only once in my time operating my business I have seen a 'found' USPS package after submitting a lost package search. This guy is either an Aliexpress drop shipper, or did not ship the package.
Read your Amazon selling agreement. You can't sue Amazon's customers.
The world isn't so big anymore. You think those problems will stay over there, but 9/11 taught those of us that witnessed it that they will not. Should we be the world police? No. But we should be responsible for cleaning up the international masses we have created Pulling out of Syria is a huge mistake that WILL get more people killed
Yes, we did. There wouldn't have been ISIS without our unwarranted intervention in Iraq. Syria is a direct result of our invasion in Iraq. It's fairly straight forward to understand if you actually know the history behind the shit we have been pulling in the region for 50+ years.
And your brain is really in a Shoney's
Hmmmm, * Its not up to the state to enforce federal laws with state tax payer dollars. Seems simple enough to me.
*SCOTUS 2011:* Your prisons and jails are overcrowded which translates into cruel and unusual punishment and thus in breech of the US Constitution. But yes, its ALL those liberal democrats faults right?
Employee records are private information. There are laws on the books about what can and can not be legally done with employee records. Employers are not fined if there is a valid reason, such as you know, a warrant. I wonder how you would feel if your employer shared your records with a federal agency due to some 'suspicion' without a warrant.
does anyONE HAVE A CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
&gt;Just look at San Francisco, one of the most crime ridden places in the state. Citation needed
"Engineer a Recession". That is a real laugh right there. He doesn't need to engineer anything. His policies are already pushing us in that direction.
"The dildo bandit"
I remember in the mid 90s, in a middle school science class that we were discussing astronomy. The teacher said something along the lines that Mars has no moons. I corrected him in class, teachers do not like that.
Oooof, I'd say you're too close to the tow limits. Any particular reason you are opting for a fifth wheel instead of a travel trailer? When comparing between similar TTs and fivers, the pin weight is always more on the fiver. If you're dead set on a fifth wheel, maybe look at shorter models that weigh less.
I saw it trending on Twitter earlier. Usually whenever anything remotely controversial trends, Boogie feels compelled to opine on it, even though no one asked.
Found Cenk's sock puppet account
Oh god, PLEASE
He hasn't been relevant in years since content cop. Washed up gnome that has to peddle energy drink sponsors.
You know he was trying to send his fans to harass via Twitter, but what is hilarious is the 2 to 1 ratio on Fantano's tweet.
You might be able to ditch that ARRIS router, depending on the carrier and setup. I have residential Frontier FIOS and was able to plug the ethernet run from the ONT directly into the USG Wan port.
Ahh that is too damn bad, wish someone made 1U cable modems.
Depending on jurisdiction, employee non-competes are not enforceable.
In most jurisdictions that bar non-competes, the law is pretty clear that it is not enforceable unless it is a situation such as selling a business, etc. In fact in places like California, there can be civil penalties for an employer attempting enforcement.
If behind NAT, port forward RDP
They both essentially support a version of Sharia law
Honestly, FedEx isn't losing much here. Something like 15% of Amazon's shipping volume was FedEx. If Amazon dropped UPS or USPS, that would be industry shattering news. It seems to me that lately FedEx has been doing a lot of outreach to small/med businesses, including sellers on the Amazon platform.
UPS fucked over my business, they tried to double and triple bill me several years back to the tune of 20k. I switched to FedEx and actually saw a huge improvement on delivery times to my customers. Plus residential includes Saturday delivery. FedEx is now moving to a 7 day a week residential delivery model at no added costs to shippers.
&gt;My local postal guy was marking packages delivered, that were supposed to be delivered that day, then delivering them within the next couple of days. I've seen this shit happen a lot on straight USPS shipments, its infuriating, but happens rarely. I've complained before because it is in violation of USPS policies and postmasters do take it seriously.
&gt;Everyone gave Ethan shit for not heckling and berating Jake enough. Then a JonTron episode comes up, and people gave Ethan shit for bringing up the drama. That is why I tend to ignore most hate/drama toward Ethan, a lot of stupid people using double standards for empty criticism. If anything I'm GLAD Ethan had Boogie on, because it really highlighted for me how terrible Boogie really is and allowed his unfiltered arrogance and bigotry to be seen by a larger audience.
Not even remotely comparable to Boogie.
Chad is a really abrasive asshole sometimes, but in this case he is correct.
I go to multiple trade shows per year, many are industry specific and far smaller than E3. 5700 is NOTHING.
Toy Haulers also have different towing characteristics and tend to have tongue weight issues due to weight behind the axles. Which obviously contributes to more sway issues.
Proud user of satan's hand for 36 years.
&gt;In fact its now some sort of safe haven for wildlife thats perfectly healthy for the mpst part. Sorta. They are healthy, but its mostly because most mammals have a shorter life span anyways, so there isn't enough time for exposure to cause enough genetic damage to result in cancers. There are swaths of forest around the exclusion zone that are completely dead due to radiation, yet do not decay because the radiation also killed bacteria that would otherwise consume the vegetation. Its become a literal 'tinderbox' that could cause more atmospheric radioactivity over Europe with one bad wild fire.
Use their narcissism to influence the masses of dumb people to buy shitty products.
When you have as many episodes of the Simpsons, odds are that some plot point will match a world event at some point.
Good ol' Branco. He can never get perspective right at all. Looks like those people are standing BEHIND that conveyor belt.
His 'suicide' pity parties do way more harm than he thinks. Its fucking deplorable
&gt;Trump will win in 2020 and that's that. You sound just as sure of that as Clinton voters were of winning in 2016. Ironic.
&gt; are the same people that are telling you wahts going to happen in 2020. Like you?
LOL Same thing, immediately after reading Fargo (the movie) came to mind.
You can do all of that simply through living life normally &amp; without being involved with Scientology 'tech'
Interesting, what is Rupert Murdoch telling you? Pretty sure he is part of the billion dollar media industry.
It is my opinion, that it is those that are oppressed who get to choose how to fight for their freedom and rights. Boogie is literally saying that those who are oppressed, should not have their own self determination, which is also another form of oppression.
Gonna be honest, this sounds like a fun project and challenge.
Passion of the Chevrolet
A vasectomy would be a start.
Customer: Why haven't you refunded my order? Me: Well, its an order that is two years old, you sent it back 700 days too late, and in used condition. Customer: Wait till I report you to BBB! Me: Okay, bye.
Usually in extreme instances like this, especially if you have a reasonable return policy and can provide details, BBB will just close the request and won't count against any 'ratings'. Usually its just an empty threat anyways.
Specifically, phytoplankton
You can use Google Maps to identify the location as closed without needing the actual account.
JD and Apple are probably two companies that singularly are the cause of the right to repair movement. We need legislation that prevents these asshole corporations from closing off hardware behind DRM protected software that bricks hardware with third party repairs.
&gt;I know you're a basically a 4chan troll personified, but have some self respect. I don't think even 4chan trolls want anything to do with him. He is that bad.
Gonna have to disagree. I ran a small business group plan before I became self employed. Plan was implemented in 2010, had consistent double digit rate increases up until ACA implementation was under way. After that the rates leveled off. In 2014, there was actually a 0.5% drop in premiums, which was shocking. Asshole employer decided they no longer wanted to concern themselves with the health of their employees and dropped all coverage without even discussing it with me, even though I was initially tasked with being the liaison/group admin. They shifted that burden on employees to enroll in Covered California, even though the business owners decried ACA as 'socialism'
&gt;OR do what Ben Carson said and only have insurance in the event of cancer or some major disease Those insurance companies would go bankrupt. I'm still amazed that Ben Carson was an actual brain surgeon, because he sure lacks a lot of business sense and knowledge of how the insurance industry actually works.
It would eliminate the absurd referral and authorization systems that HMOs use now. I think what people don't understand is just the sheer amount of absurd bureaucracy exists inside the insurance industry.
There are EXIFs from the digital camera. They were taken in October 2001.
Remember how during the 2016 debates, Trump claimed he wouldn't telegraph strategy for military action? He just did, all while Iran was watching attack preparations.
I'm glad the House voted to repeal the AUMF. Too bad old man yertle the turtle won't let it hit the Senate.
You should send it to Red Letter Media for Best of the Worst.
Karin? Its time to leave.
Its pay per click, so ad blockers have no negative impact on spend.
Don't worry that your family is being ethnically cleansed! You're waiting in a line 10 years long! You'll legally be allowed in eventually, you might be dead by then, but it will be legal!
Seriously, there is no asylum loophole. To the GOP the loophole is that asylum exists at all.
The smart campaigns really help as well.
I'm not surprised. Hawaii would do good to remove her from her seat.
Republicans don't want to admit it was their team that actually had MULTIPLE email related scandals. Classic projection.
Yep, yet Karl Rove isn't in jail for it. LOCK HIM UP
[Citation Needed]
Yea, just like I thought. Comparing apples and oranges. The main argument for plastic bag bans isn't due to carbon at all. I have reusable bags, I've probably used them over 40 times now, I'm sure they'll last much longer as well.
Its pretty easy to claim others aren't thinking critically when you're the one not thinking critically. You should re-read that NPR article carefully. &gt; On top of that, cities that banned plastic bags saw a surge in the use of paper bags, which she estimates resulted in about 80 million pounds of extra paper trash per year. Paper is completely biodegradable and completely recyclable. Paper trash in landfills is a non-issue. &gt; banning plastic shopping bags increases greenhouse gas emissions. That said, these bans do reduce nonbiodegradable litter. So the bans are working as intended. Again these bans weren't due to carbon emissions, it was due to micro plastics they shed into our oceans and begin to permeate into our food chain.
But was there a steak in the boot?
Oh boy, well you'll know whats up when the other 59 show up as Amazon Warehouse Deals. Good reason why I'm FBM only.
But TWD is on a cable network. The FCC doesn't regulate or censor language on cable networks, only on broadcast.
I'm surprised that the percentage for Yemen's perception of a Saudi threat is so low, considering Saudi is bombing them.
&gt;Paper is not biodegradeable in a landfill LOL it absolutely is, and yet again you provide no source for your claims.
The twin trails arcing upwards reminds me of Back to the Future part II.
&gt; One time my package comes back EMPTY with packing slip saying it was over weight. USPS can't do that unless the package is shipped Media mail with non-media items.
Not surprised by this, the toxic gnome has always been dangerous
Pretty sure this image violates the Youtube terms of service. I believe he isn't allowed to share ad revenue data.
Russian astroturfing campaign, obviously
I think my PS4 save is glitched or something. Since next I haven't seen a single traveler grave. Its really unnerving because I still need the glyphs
About fuckin time.
There are plenty of /pol/ alumni from Trump University too!
I was banned years ago preemptively simply because I posted on Enough\_Trump\_Spam. So open minded!
/r/politics has a mod team that actively enforces Reddit community standards and removes offending comment based on reports. The\_Donald does not. EDIT: Looks like I was brigaded by T\_D losers.
1st amendment protects you from government censorship, not from private censorship. Reddit is within its rights to set community standards and enforce them as it sees fit. Also there are reasonable limits to free speech, including incitement of violence.
A bad day of fishing is better than a good day in the senate
It turns out that when people are in fear for their lives, either due to the cartels, famine, genocide, and so forth, that they don't care so much about immigration policies. They are trying to protect their families from violence or outright slaughter. That is what is lost on a lot of people in this 'debate'. The GOP hand waves these people as 'exploiting' asylum laws, but when you look at the backgrounds of these people, they are truly fleeing some horrible shit. Shit that as entitled Americans, we have almost no context of the horrors and suffering that these people endure. Unfortunately a lot of people are unable to even place themselves in the mindset of, what if this was my family? What would I do? Would I wait in a 10 year long immigration line while my family is killed due to being the wrong ethnicity? Fuck. No.
Or more importantly his actual viewers.
[https://imgflip.com/i/139rxc](https://imgflip.com/i/139rxc)
Isn't the whole travel content segment already saturated? People like AdamTheWoo and Jacob the carpetbagger are actually interesting to watch. Who is going to watch Boogie do the same shit in a mobility scooter after the 'beetus takes his legs? What fad is he going to buy into next? Deadmalls and Urbex? I can see it now "travel videos aren't working out so I want to make content like Dan Bell and The Proper People" He is just riding coattails at this point, he built a loose audience around gaming content, none of them are going to watch him do other shit.
If he doesn't wise up, that model x will also be driving him to the dialysis center 3 times a day and to the hospital for leg amputation.
Yea I just realized that. Terrible
I'll be back. . .with your freedom dividend check.
The hyperbole is off the charts with this one.
&gt;thinks hes some political and social revolutionary He rarely if ever talks politics. So your point is pretty dumb
Apparently he posted some picture of dms with the guy proving that he followed through. Idk, could be faked easily
&gt;it's that he feels his opinion is more important Please feel free to cite any actual evidence of this, besides your opinion. &gt; if you really fail to see that, then there's probably a pretty good chance you're very similar to him Aren't you doing the same thing here? Nice projection. Seems like you feel like your opinion is more important.
It feels odd saying that 9/11 was 18 years ago. It honestly feels like yesterday. I'm 36 now
Ironically you are asserting that your opinion is superior to my opinion, all while claiming that Ethan claims that his opinions are superior to other peoples opinions. . .all while claiming I'm 'similar' to him. I guess your narcissism is lost on you.
Thanks for proving you're like what? 12 years old. Stop being a hypocrite and people might take you seriously. Just as bad as boogie.
ITS OVER 9000
Why do you think Jordan Peele decided to move on to the horror genre?
Trump was polling at 1% during this time in the last cycle. Never know! Crystal healing for all!
Thanks
Oh god, I love the self awareness.
&gt; Our task is to generate a massive wave of energy, fueled and navigated by we the people, so powerful as to override all threats to our democracy. Where fear has been harnessed for political purposes, our task is to harness love. Oh my god lol
If you look at that infographic, it shows Trump was between 0-5% at the end of June 2015. He shot up considerable after that.
TBH her ending statement gave me chills. Trump was watching and he probably sperged out.
For some reason the design reminds me of Atari.
Which is stupid. She was born in Oakland, California. I've seen theories she was born in Canada. Its like these shills can't even come up with new conspiracy theories. They have to recycle the same horse shit.
He's right, he gets his wisdom from his diaper.
To the credit card processor, the customer is the business using the processors' service to handle card transactions. I think that is what he means.
Since the $1 donation non-sense was trending on Rose Twitter, I was aptly pointing out that processing fees on these small transactions were taking as much as a third of donation revenue from the Sanders campaign. The average card not present card transaction fee is around 30 cents + 2% of gross total nationally. A donation to the Sanders campaign for $27 in a single transaction would have around a 70 cent processing fee. These idiots breaking it down into 27 $1 donations end up costing his campaign around $6.70 for the same amount of funds. All so they could meaninglessly claim they had 5 million donations.
Hell yeah, breaking encryption with a gun to ones head WHILE getting a beej.
There are some great designs that came out of the mid century modern aesthetic, but IMO they are rare exceptions to a lot of the terrible design faux pas of that era.
I'm sure Trump is gonna start trashing Ron Howard on Twitter any time now
Anyone who attempts to rewrite TLJ because they think they know better always results in cringe, just like this.
This is fake as hell. God damn, do you not see the camera shaking like someone is recording it. . .terribly.
So you admit it is a fake video. /r/whyweretheyrecording
Pragmatism.
Brie and Sirota are perfect examples of Sander's impaired judgement.
Lil Kim made a sweet horse riding video. Maybe that was it?
&gt;president kickass daddy who will keep you safe at night The creepy president kickass daddy that watches his daughter sleep at night with a bulge in his ill fitting suit.
He was better when he was edgy
Seth MacFarlane is a liberal though, sometimes border line succ.
I love that the succs conveniently forget about this. Imagine if HillaryCare was actually enacted back in 93.
Hi Karin!
&gt;It actually start on Dec 27 when a U.S. citizen contractor was bombed and killed in Iraq I would like to point out that no one knows who this contractor was.
I hear some chads like to be hung
That or gallows.
Clearly not superior in spelling or grammar.
&gt;lighthouses would be no good more than 20 miles out If earth was flat, every lighthouse in one direction would be visible thousands of miles away. But they aren't. Also lighthouses are to avoid obstacles closer to shore, so there is no need for them to be visible 20 miles out.
&gt;he has to do insane shit like a private space enterprise But that isn't insane by any stretch.
Bezos is funding their project and gave them the land to build it.
Every time he sells his shares, he is paying capital gains. So yes, he is paying his taxes.
He isn't building his own, he is helping the Long Now project.
Yep, France literally fired the first shot. US involvement was quite limited. Far easier to blame 'Killary' than to take an actual objective view of the situation.
I'm not really a big fan of Blue Origin, but they have developed some really powerful rocket motors. They'll get there and competition will further bring down launch costs.
The amazing thing about this show, is that even though it is over, there are so many hidden details that we'll still be finding them after every rewatch.
It's pretty obvious that Trump lacks any strategic thinking, but there are people around him that do, and can manipulate Trump for their ends. Why do you think he has Evangelical support? Not because he is a man of God, but because he is a bringer of chaos who can deliver their delusional visions of the apocalypse.
Well, when Stephen Miller and Mike Pence are the ball fondlers, they have a very clear direction.
The plot of Mr. Robot isn't gonna happen.
I say we have a selective draft for only Sanders supporters who didn't vote for Hillary.
To do that the DSA needs to stop doing dumb shit like protesting Pelosi and Schumer and actually protest the people who want the war, the GOP. Doing feckless shit like targeting party allies is exactly what the GOP wants.
You don't need one big space telescope with a big mirror. Build a cluster of cube sats with decent optics and imaging sensors. Say 100 or so, then launch them to L3. The cubesats can be spaced out and simultaneously pointed at the same target for observation, which simulates a larger mirror. The same exact method is actually used on ground based scopes to simulate larger mirror sizes.
Its trivial in space.
roger roger
Yes. Gyroscopes my dude. Cube sats can have superior 3 axis precision compared to ground based telescopes.
Water is an excellent radiation shield. You could SWIM in fuel rod cooling ponds and get less dosage than background radiation.
Good thing people in the field, who actually know what they are talking about, disagree with you. [https://spie.org/Publications/Proceedings/Paper/10.1117/12.2313372?SSO=1](https://spie.org/Publications/Proceedings/Paper/10.1117/12.2313372?SSO=1) [https://www.spiedigitallibrary.org/conference-proceedings-of-spie/10698/106981W/A-space-interferometer-on-a-6U-Cubesat--FIRST-S/10.1117/12.2313372.short?SSO=1](https://www.spiedigitallibrary.org/conference-proceedings-of-spie/10698/106981W/A-space-interferometer-on-a-6U-Cubesat--FIRST-S/10.1117/12.2313372.short?SSO=1) [https://digitalcommons.usu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=3059&amp;context=smallsat](https://digitalcommons.usu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=3059&amp;context=smallsat)
So you're saying she admits she is a centrist? RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE
Inverse square law is a bitch
The bros twist anyone saying exactly this to mean: Pro-war. Its fucking dumb.
Sure, the $999 monitor stand
My take: Forge your own path and don't participate in the family business. Just look at all the surface level drama you're experiencing right now. Just because of what you're saying, there will always be perceived inequities with your role in the business. The other siblings will squabble about who needs the best salary/benefits and you'll be sidelined. I used to work for a family business like this, and up to the point when I left, the favored son was running the place and got a power trip by calling his Aunt a 'gold digging cunt' and even called his brothers 'lazy entitled shits', etc. You'll be happier not getting involved in that, so if/when the business invariably falls apart, you won't have any of the drama to deal with and more importantly, you'll still have some sort of amicable relationship with your family.
&gt;They ramped up attacks on ships, ramped up proxy activity, and just got more bold. That only occurred after Trump exited the JCPOA.
That event is so minor compared to the current situation it isn't even comparable.
Typical NIMBY reasons. Idiots that don't want upzoning &amp;/or call it gentrification.
Unfortunately, I think you're right. Looks similar to damage shown in pictures for MH17.
I'm educated enough to say I'm in both the minority that can point out where Iran is, and that I was in the minority of white men to vote for Hillary.
Only in neoconNWO
Mainly because dollars don't equal votes. Otherwise Hillary would be president
ordercorn@aol.com
Still a thousand times better than that beard Don Jr has. He looks like one of those sad clown paintings.
&gt;Again, Rey just stumbles on it because reasons. She literally learned it from the lost Jedi texts.
You're missing the point. Its using the Force to encourage the body to quickly heal itself. Its not 'creating' anything.
But, back in non magical space wizard reality. That would also be possible for up to around two minutes. There would be a ton of tissue damage, but it is possible. You don't instantly turn into a block of ice, or explode lol
Not remotely factual. Bolivia is years away from being able to mine and export lithium in any appreciable quantity. Even then it doesn't have the reserves that US and Canadian sources have. Most US sourced lithium comes from mines in Nevada and Canada. China buys a lot from Chile. Even then, we are only a few years away from harvesting lithium from the ocean. Lithium isn't exactly rare at all, even though it has been called a 'rare earth' mineral. EDIT: dOwN vOtEd fOr FaCts
There have been some advances in electrodialysis that would make it easier to extract from sea water. It is definitely a challenge, but will eventually become a near limitless source for the mineral. The concentration is too low to use traditional evap ponds like current lithium brine mining. Basically, most of the lithium is in the oceans, at a staggering 230 billion tons, while only about 14 million tons are available on land.
I had someone try to tell me that RJ is a hack because he directed 'Fly' on Breaking Bad. Lets not forget he didn't write the episode, and went to write AND direct the best episode of the series. A lot of people are blindly hating on him for TLJ without really any logic or reason. The fault for the sequel trilogy's flaws ultimately falls on Disney's shoulders for not actually planning and writing a cohesive story arc.
IMO, I agree with you. Sure it wasn't action packed, but it was pretty important for character development.
You sure this was a legit email? There are a ton of phishing emails exactly like that. Never click links in the email, log directly into seller central and look for the red flag notification. That is a good tell if it is a legitimate notice or not.
Well, Bernie isn't a Democrat, so it makes perfect sense.
Malls used to have these things called arcades. Coincidentally, after arcades started disappearing, so did malls. Correlation or causation?
Needs two more frames for Palps
That depends. Flying on a commercial plane cross country, per passenger would have a lower carbon footprint than other methods.
And an individuals average car usage is about 15k miles per year. Though your figure depends on other factors such as number of passengers and the plane's fuel efficiency. If you want to break down carbon emissions by how egregious they are, air travel is really far down on the list.
Sanders' Press Secretary: Jill Stein voter Sanders' Sr. Advisor &amp; Speech writer: Jill Stein voter Hmmm
Oh wow, its also one of those chiropractor 'nutrition' frauds.
Well, that certainly isn't a good sign, did they think they didn't need a liquor license either?
I can't think of a commercial insurance carrier that would underwrite such a policy. ***Agent:*** "You customers will do what now?" ***Business:*** Throw axes at targets. *Agent hangs up*
Which pretty much opens the owners up to liability. Maybe they make customers sign a waiver? Waivers also aren't bullet proof.
You're probably right, doesn't want anyone in his swamp
I'm a high volume seller on Amazon, Walmart and eBay: " seller says to just wait, sometimes USPS scans as delivered early when they still have item (sounds like a stretch). " This is absolutely true. I can't count how many times I've seen this happen. Its against postal rules but some post offices do it anyways.
Depending on the post office, they will scan delivered before they put it on a truck for delivery.
FYI, Shopify Payments is Stripe.
Yea it is really frustrating too, because buyers are already skeptical in the first place. So when they see a delivery scan and didn't get anything its difficult to explain it without sounding fishy.
I don't normally advocate violence or property damage, but I feel this is one of the exceptions.
Is a quesadilla a cheese sandwich?
Say what? Terrorists LOVE pickups. Especially the Toyota Hilux.
Not all TIE fighters lacked hyperdrive. Its cannon that Vaders' fighter had hyperdrive. Tie Defender models also had it, so could Kylos.
This is actually largely untrue. Most of the time, high risk prisoners like this are just put in the SHU so they don't get murdered.
I love that they use the FDR angle without addressing the absolutely terrible shit that FDR did. Did FDR do some okayish things? Yes, but he also rounded up Japanese into internment camps, for example. Interestingly, the comparison is more accurate than Sanderistas would like to admit, since Bernie is also a isolationist populist who hates free trade and immigration.
That was largely before there were reforms to prevent such attacks.
He signed the giving pledge, can't afford another tie.
Oh wait Steyer said Trump was kicking us in the face. I thought at first he was proposing another arrangement.
IMO, even if the account was hacked, he needs to find out who it was and hire them, because it made him seem a million times more interesting.
Well, like most narcissists, Bernie is incapable of the introspection to come up with even a fake, yet diplomatic, response.
They had one, it was Mike Bloomberg's face as a meatball
100% he is a narcissist like Trump.
No, its vacuum sealed. The bottom shell is hard plastic, the top layer is more like cling wrap. Super easy to cut out, or just use the tab.
I guess North Korea is now a democratic republic.
You know someone probably posted this seriously on T\_D, Conservative or some other shitty libertarian sub.
Wow and the audacity of these idiots trying to peddle the Clinton body count conspiracy horse shit. Why aren't they keeping tally of the Trump body count?
Did Putin travel in time to slip Parnas into deep cover selling condos at the Trump Org back in the 80s?
There is a lot of shady business going on there. Including the possibility that he was bribed to resign.
There are definitely issues with the Kennedy resignation and Kavanaugh. Where did a supposedly cash poor Kavanaugh get the funds to miraculously pay off all his debts after his appointment?
TBH it will be easier for me to wake up to president-elect Sanders than Trump. Not a succ, I'll know at the very least that Trump won't be filling RBG's seat on SCOTUS.
Not at all, it is very connected. Justin Kennedy, his son, worked for Deutsche Bank and eventually became head of the real estate capital markets division. Justin Kennedy directly worked with the Trump Org as a liaison to fund various projects, including Trump International Hotel Chicago. During this period Deutsche bank became highly involved in lending Trump money to the tune of about a billion dollars.
Saddam had a trial.
You're thinking about it wrong. Mars is closer to the asteroid belt. Mars settlement will be a requirement for establishing asteroid mining operations or mining Ceres. Its possible there might be mining on Mars as well, but I'd assume that most of that production would be used for Martian construction or even orbital construction.
Tell the kid he is a moron since the point of the game is to be first to get rid of your cards. Picking up 20 cards in one turn is the opposite of winning. Especially when the next person might lay down a card that he could have matched with. . .without picking up 20 cards like an idiot.
Tulsi is basically a homophobic libertarian trying to wrap herself up as a progressive. Don't believe her lies.
See this is where I strongly disagree. I have health issues of my own. 10 years ago, the 'choice' was this. If your employer cancelled your health coverage, you needed to find a new job. This was because with pre-existing conditions you COULD NOT buy private insurance at all. The public option combined with the health insurance exchanges DO provide choice. In this hypothetical posed by the interviewer, if an employer cancelled coverage, under the current regulatory rules plus a proposed public option, they still have choices. They can enroll in private insurance OR opt for the public option. Odds are that if you're seeking treatment for anything, you'll still be able to see your current specialists. You can choose insurance that still has that provider in network.
ACA basically allowed me to open my business. Employer cancelled coverage without notice. Both my wife and I have health issues, they knew, didn't give a shit. Had to enroll under Covered California. I was not only no longer loyal to them because they treated me like shit, but given the freedom to find another way without being tied to working for assholes.
&gt;Approximate nobody uses the nightmare hellscape that is the exchanges. LOL Millions of people are enrolled via the exchanges. And the only chaotic exchange is the federal exchange for states that have shitty GOP controlled governments.
You're right about that, California implemented the exchanges correctly. Some other states failed horribly. But if you look at the states with failed exchanges, its usually because of GOP control trying to sabotage them. Some of the failed exchanges are also from states that rejected Medicaid expansion as well.
Wouldn't pedos actually use 🍕
I don't think there is a simple cheese pizza emoji though. Makes more sense than globes and donuts. Interesting to see berners rehashing, even ironically, alt-right smears.
Cigarettes for both, right?
Ye old Pizzagate
You made an error and learned a valuable lesson. Always ship with tracking.
Dumb take. Tulsi is the only candidate that belongs to a homophobic Krishna cult. She actively fought against same sex marriage and civil unions as a state legislator in Hawaii. Even proposing laws to 'protect marriage'. She is STILL involved with the Science of Identity Foundation to this day and still worships its extremely homophobic leader Chris Butler. I'm glad Tulsi has ruined her political career and deserves to fade into obscurity. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Science\_of\_Identity\_Foundation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Science_of_Identity_Foundation) Tulsi as recently as 2018 in an interview still states she believes homosexuality is immoral. She is NOT an LGBT ally.
Tulsi is the ONLY Dem candidate this cycle that has actively fought to restrict LGBT rights. She can fuck right off.
&gt;Tulsi as recently as 2018 in an interview still states she believes homosexuality is immoral. She is NOT an LGBT ally. Keep up, shill.
Just rent the damn coil spring compressor. JFC
Developers... Dev Elopers... Elopers of Dev.
Fight your co-workers.
Umbrella Corp wants to know your location
Depending on how much of the hardware is shared with the iPhone, they might not cost that much to manufacture. I could see them being popular with parents who want a cheap baby sitting device for kids, but not a full featured phone.
TBH, I miss Jon Stewart.
I mean, he ended up making Tucker Carlson pretty much irrelevant for a decade. I wish he'd do it again.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossfire\_(American\_TV\_program)#Jon\_Stewart's\_appearance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossfire_(American_TV_program)#Jon_Stewart's_appearance) He pretty much publicly eviscerated him. Apparently there are still lasting effects to this day because he no longer wears bow ties and has the face of a stroke victim.
The Mayo Pete thing just really pisses me off anytime I see it because of the racial implications. I understand that throughout history whites have been 'oppressors', but that doesn't mean that racism is strictly unidirectional from whites to other PoC. The common argument is that whites are 'privileged' so its impossible to be racist against white people. However, in other cultures where whites are minorities, much of that privilege evaporates and sometimes become oppressed. Ironically most of the people using Mayo Pete as a slur, are themselves white bread dude bros with zero ethnic diversity and are also often entitled bourgeoisie.
From what I remember, AQMD ended up doing some tests and determined there were no issues.
Any time they did odor tests around the factory, they found nothing. Any mediation plan was designed to placate the community. The funny thing many of the complaints came from a single address. AQMD also did random blind testing near that location while the factory was in chile season and still found nothing.
[https://www.denverpost.com/2014/02/26/61-complaints-set-up-southern-california-showdown-over-sriracha-2/](https://www.denverpost.com/2014/02/26/61-complaints-set-up-southern-california-showdown-over-sriracha-2/) I think this puts it into perspective: &gt;More than two-thirds of the complaints about odors from a Southern California Sriracha hot sauce factory came from just four households. &gt; &gt;Since October, four addresses generated 41 of the 61 complaints about Huy Fong Foods Irwindale plant, according to data from the South Coast Air Quality Management District.
We have plenty of sprawl ripe for redevelopment.
Pretty ironic that OP is complaining about low effort posts, but this is also the definition of a low effort post.
They're so far to the left that liberal ideology looks indistinguishable from right wing thought
This feels like copypasta
That is just currency with extra steps.
Leftist don't understand satire.
Complaining about other people complaining is the worst version of complaining. That post should be nuked.
Critiquing Sanders is the exact opposite of an /r/politics clone.
I wish /r/politics actually had thoughtful engaged discussions instead of blatant one sided shilling.
But what about neoliberal twitter?
It would have also been funny if it resulted in an explosion death then a quick respawn in the station.
Needs two more panels with some goofy yet paranoid posts from Nextdoor.
TBH, a lot of people held it against him. Just none of his voters. They lapped it up because he was 'owning them libs'
Reagan sent Bernie to the USSR to save us from communism.
&gt;The plague, cholera — infectious diseases in general — were mostly unheard of, until “civilization” crowded humans into areas to live in their own filth. Dumb. North American natives long before European colonialism experienced plagues and infectious diseases.
I honestly have never heard of such an ideological stance before. I'm both intrigued yet astonished at how absurd it is.
Yet you provided no sources to back your opinion.
&gt;I’m sharing some knowledge because someone might be interested. You didn't share knowledge. You shared your flawed and historically inaccurate opinion. &gt;You literally have the world’s knowledge at your fingertips. Just type a few letters — fuck, use voice recognition if it’s easier — and check yourself. Ironic. Yet with those advantages that were granted to you by civilization, you fail to produce an iota of evidence to back your flawed opinion piece.
I find it ironic that I countered his spiel by asking for sources to back his claims and his response was basically to 'Google it.'
Still no citation for your claims? K Mr. /r/iamverysmart
Yet it can be easily swayed by a faction of small political extremists.
He is great for their subscription numbers, so never know.
Part of me wishes Dean would run again.
Nah. He was 'progressive' for 2004. But considering how the political climate has changed he would pretty much be center left today.
&gt;Ryan Grim
The social security trust fund is actually pretty healthy now with a 2.5 trillion surplus. Expansion may not necessarily mean more payroll taxes on the young. A common solution is increase the tax cap which is at 125k per year income.
Never expect a leftist to have empathy. That is the lesson learned from your post.
Considering Sanders has done zilch for PoC in that time, any apologia he has over his Crime bill vote is moot. Don't worry though, PoC know Sanders doesn't care about them either. It reflects in his polling.
You're right, Bernard Sanders does lie about his record and makes excuses for his policy failures. That is why he is one of the least accomplished members of the Senate.
He probably would have also banned pinball
If corporations are people. . .does that mean. . .oh my gosh.
Kiwi my dude. [https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EODPZGQX4AMJpG1?format=jpg&amp;name=medium](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EODPZGQX4AMJpG1?format=jpg&amp;name=medium)
We got Klobuchar rolled
Oh my.
As if thousands of shills are furiously typing in anger
Traffic is usually a 'nightmare' because of a lack of density and a lack of good mass transit. Planning medium to high density residential next to transit plazas reduces traffic as people will have options other than 'drive everywhere'.
I'll be more concerned when they can actually finish their shitty web site.
The Le Crevasse looks like a good way to get some cholla cactus on your balls and ass
The air tank hurts mobility though.
Mmm mmm, steamed hams
Sounds like you're one of those people that support drug testing welfare recipients as well. We all know how that went. If costs outweigh potential savings, then you're just wasting more tax payer dollars to satisfy your failed ideological convictions. In the mean time that money would be better served going to people who it will help, whether on CalFresh or other programs.
Yea if those diesel generators were far above sea level, instead of located in ground level vaults, the Fukushima meltdown wouldn't have occurred at all.
While this is true, there are industrial control systems that are usually vulnerable. But this applies to many industrial settings including all power plants. Just takes one employee plugging in a USB thumb drive, like Stuxnet.
The actions of both Brie and Sirota convinced me to support anyone but Sanders. They are the most reprehensible people in politics today and use their following to incite violence and hate speech against anyone that speaks out against St. Bernard. They are the Sebastian Gorka, Paul Manafort and Steve Bannon of the left rolled up in one. Fuck them.
That's the best part IMO, turns out they were all just LARPing and killed a dude in the process.
Pls no.
Playing the good version on sim city has taught me that blacked out buildings are abandoned.
So kazoo kid and some clowns got together. . .
It was worse than that around 25% total voted from someone OTHER than Clinton. Some voted Stein and Trump
I kinda hate the trend moving towards touch interfaces for everything replacing actual physical tactile buttons or knobs. Its even worse for something like cars. If I want to reach over to turn up my AC or Heater, I can feel for the knob without taking my eyes off the road. But some cars are following in Tesla's footsteps and putting climate controls on touch screen, which seems even MORE dangerous and distracting.
Nah, it'll be a garbage barge.
I used to gripe about 'new' phones not having tactile keyboards like Blackberries used to have. Its a little silly thinking about that now. But, I think there is a point of going overboard. Elevators don't need touch interface buttons.
Its slander pretty much.
&gt;along with the new placing of Justice Barack Obama on to the Supreme Court Oh baby
Sounds like a good idea for retirees as well. Provides some extra income
He turns frogs into midichlorians
Since the Doomsday clock is now 100 secs till midnight, why don't we just end it already. We've fucked up the planet, our species clearly is declining in cognitive ability. Fuck it, lets just end it. Lets just not use nukes so another species has a chance to evolve sentience after us.
I think the truth is somewhere in between. Its possible there is some psychological aspect stemming from abuse. But I've known people who were never abused that ended up LGBT anyways. I don't talk about it often, but I was abused as a child (not giving details) but I'm still cis male. I think those experiences, even negative, gave me some insights. Though perhaps the differences is if the abuse was perpetuated by peers in the same age group versus adults.
Well, if we just kill ourselves off with nukes, the massive amounts of gamma rays might clue some other intelligent species out there that we at least existed.
It seems to me that community groups (for cities, neighborhood news, etc) on Facebook are absolutely devoid of any intelligence and filled with NIMBY scum.
Sure, we could all be digging in the mud to harvest for some feudal lord. But I feel like humanity is becoming intellectually vapid. Nothing is more revered than dishonesty, closed mindedness and ignorance. It seems like there are only a few pockets of intelligence left in this world.
I can see that, sure. I think it goes a bit beyond that. There are morons arguing with me that a ballot proposition in California to restructure the commercial and industrial property tax code is going to affect residential rents and taxes. They are fucking dumb. I just don't like seeing people posting fake news shit, and I try to counter it.
I think there might be a beer consumption clause in his contract. He might end up with liver failure one day.
Shrek is love, Free Trade is life.
Whew, must be worse than that considering Gaetz said it.
Trump so obviously wants Sanders to be the nominee. Gee, I wonder why!
Yep. Trump was willing to do something impeachable to find any dirt on Biden. Imagine what he already has on Sanders.
Just a few more steps till space communism.
Boop the snoot
His best bet is to use that to fund down ballot races instead of risking any political future he has.
What laser cutter do you have?
Deep fakes for feet
TPP was designed to reign in China though. Which would have been a net positive. Instead we got an asinine trade war that distorted consumer prices due to tariffs on American businesses.
I find it funny that he had a bunch of natural gas execs there and they were shit talking Tesla and how 'Tesla is broke'. 8 months later Tesla has record stock value and is profitable. I know Reddit loves to shit on Elon, but this shows how out of touch people are within Trumps orbit.
This is the dumbest shit I've seen on this sub yet. Thanks for posting it EDIT: I never said it was real, just that it was dumb.
Yea, I literally laughed at that. So fucking dumb. Trump is deluded enough to believe it though
IMO they are trying to scam you with an old pair. The stitching doesn't match up exactly between your picture and what they sent you.
&gt;The largest consumer of natural gas in the United States is electrical power plants. Yep. The funny thing is, even if we had only electric vehicles on the road powered by natural gas, it would still be a net positive for the environment because power plants operate at around 90% thermal efficiency, as opposed to 30% for internal combustion engines.
Except that is all wrong. One of our biggest issues with China IS intellectual property theft. Protecting American patents from China was an important component of the TPP and ironically part of what the Trump administration is negotiating with China about w/ the trade deal. But none the less, that was only a small component of TPP.
Killdozer: Everglades edition
Rest in Pupperonis
&gt;This is a type of survivorship bias as they only show the ones that were caught. Ackshully, I binged all of them (good for when you need something to passively watch while doing other tasks). There are several episodes about wrongful convictions, how cases were screwed up by poor evidence collection, etc.
FYI Marge's hair is dyed, its real color is grey
Drown him in the fizzy lifting drink and let his corpse float up to the circulation fan.
Is there a neolib Minecraft server? Its been a long time since I've played, but sounds like it would be fun.
Anyone who says AOC is civically inept and shouldn't be able to vote.
Thanks, is it more about building and exploring or is there a ton of griefing?
My take as well. People getting pissy at D&amp;D forget that GRRM gave them the ending plot points. EDIT: Not surprised you were down voted.
You're still blaming the wrong party. You should look at GRRM taking his sweet time on the last two books. I get that writing is a processes, but he PLANNED to have Winds of Winter completed by the time the show ran out of source material. That never occurred at all. \*STILL WAITING\*
The only significant divergence from the books so far (I say that as there are two more books coming. . .eventually) is the night king.
They were offered more episodes, but it wasn't four seasons, unless you have a source for that. I don't think they would have been able to do that since there was a very real struggle without GRRM finishing the books.
No, 'Assault' and 'Assault with a deadly weapon' are different charges usually. If they carved someone up with a knife, then that might qualify.
Nah that isn't bad. Gotta remember treadmill is for cardio anyways. Better to set a decent target heart rate and try to stay at that.
That is why I hope the books are finished, finding out how the ending diverges from the show will be interesting IMO. I was really hoping that at some point we get a show about Valyria, as supposedly the 'Doom' was triggered by the Targs.
&gt;poly sci Can't get enough of that polytical scyence.
&gt;California Nope.
For some reason, a lot of people who are not Californians have almost zero insight into the political makeup of the state. Moderates win here. The coastal areas might be more left leaning, but then you have districts &amp; counties further inland that have different demographics that swing more conservative. Hillary completely trounced him in the state and his followers were confused about that in 2016. He has done nearly nothing to moderate himself to win those same voters this time around.
LOL no EDIT: Ironic, calling a woman who championed the single payer CHIP plan a conservative. HillaryCare was single payer. EDIT2: Keep down voting, IDGAF. Facts are facts.
You literally post in CTH which is The\_Donald of left wing absurdity.
I would say that is a poor assumption on Trumps' behalf. Clinton knew that keeping Virginia in play was going to be electorally important.
Definitely skews young. But that is the Reddit demographic anyways. We should have a user poll or something
Given the information the campaign had at the time, the likely saw fewer paths without Virginia. They also probably should have figured that defending PA and MI were also equally important, but here we are.
Actions speak louder than empty words. Sanders has had decades to get a single payer plan into committee and never has. Clinton got CHIP passed WITH bipartisan support.
You can thank her for children having single payer health coverage. I guess you just don't want to admit she actually helped people in need.
/r/therightcantmeme is filled with tankie scum, pass it on
Check my post history, it's cancerous Hilldawg hate
Which is humourous because they go full horseshoe
I fully expect my post will be linked in CTH and further brigaded.
'Member when he was planning to run for president? LMAO. I know we like to call Sanders the Trump of the left, but that dude is like the Trump of the center. Grifters gonna grift.
Instead you gave us Trump, which has resulted in... regression. Congrats?
Ok Stein voter
25% of Bernie voters went to Trump or third party. That was enough. But then again you also know that calling her a conservative is disengious because she passed single payer care for children.
Ok shill
I understand far more than you, in fact I'm not the one trying to rewrite history about Hillary's accomplishments as Senator. As I said facts are facts. Prior to the ACA, CHIP was the largest expansion of health coverage in decades.
For sure and he argued that was in part the reason he could beat Trump. Glad he is in a cold jail cell. Pretty sure he is in MCC like Epstein was. Trump can join him in time
Accurate AF
I have a hard stance against relentless narcissists.
Yes, I'm adorable when countering disinfo and propaganda with facts. Thank you
Oh, I'm denying it.
I always find it funny that here in the US, Republicans want to cater to an industry that has the same number of employees as Arbys. Yet if Arbys went out of business no one would bat an eye.
Ahh the admission of defeat. Maybe don't threaten violence like decent people and you won't have negative outcomes my dude.
They need to work on their product photography. Exhibit A: [https://arbys.com/our-menu/sliders/buffalo-chicken-slider](https://arbys.com/our-menu/sliders/buffalo-chicken-slider)
FYI, Jack is a terrible writer who used to write stupid unfunny shit for the Jimmy Kimmel show. He failed at that so he needed to make his own podcast to spread his poor comedic stylings and marxist hot takes to the masses. He is a hack.
It means the return isn't in transit.
Before you take any action, I'd wait to get the item back first. Since you have pre-shipment pictures, I'd make sure that any serial numbers match. If not contact ebay.
I think the problem with condos overall in the US is that people also hate HOAs. So usually when you buy a condo you're forced into dealing with an authoritarian ownership association. At least with single family housing you can avoid that, though its becoming more difficult.
I'm in Southern California, almost all new construction has an HOA. I also did my research and bought a property that was not within an HOA.
We've already had three total outrage cycles today. Can we just let this one go, its even dumber than the others.
To me it looked like he just wasn't aware of the positioning of his hand. Its just a funny lolwut moment. But I see a ton of brocialists claim it was abuse.
Still waiting on them medical records
IMO we just need to eliminate capital gains tax entirely and count any gains as just regular income. Would have a two fold affect of simplifying the tax code a bit and raising revenue without going full out wealth tax.
I know this is a really late post, but I just stumbled on that. Thanks for uploading them.
Yes
He died doing what he did best, partying. RIP
If you start a business, you can get drunk WHILE you work
Trump ruined that trend, though this time around he'll become florida man.
Good point
Buzz punching that dude was well deserved.
I wouldn't listen to anything that charlatan has to say now. [https://www.thedailybeast.com/where-did-dr-drew-go-wrong](https://www.thedailybeast.com/where-did-dr-drew-go-wrong)
As neolibs, we have to acknowledge we'll get far more from a Sanders admin than Trump. No one is happy about unaccompanied kids in detention centers. Sanders might be a protectionist as well, but he could possibly relax tariffs with China.
&gt;That still doesn't mean that there's just one government run law firm. This. You can get a public defender, or pay for an attorney. Simple concept.
I think you got your years wrong.
I know its exhausting LOL.
I think it depends on the circumstances. The biggest predatory practice within the legal system is bail bonds. Luckily a lot of people are talking about reform. California tried eliminating bail, but it was held up by the courts and required to go on the ballot. Additionally, disproportionately poor people have worse judicial outcomes because if they can't afford bail, they can't get out and find better representation.
Fuck
Good points
I had to start doing that because I have hard water and my dishwasher can't handle getting caked on stuff off cookware.
Probably other forms of resource extraction, at least in Alaska.
Based on what those QAnon nuts say, I'm pretty sure they are immortal due to harvesting adrenochrome from children in the basement of a pizzeria.
Yes
Do it to make people cringe. Also I knew that song before Six Flags ruined it.
If Trump has his way, it may not be published at all.
Might depend on what years you were in HS, I graduated in 2001. My problem was I had fucking TERRIBLE math teachers. Got stuck in the remedial math class and didn't learn shit because the teacher was literally the football coach. I had a difficult time passing the math portions of the state test to graduate because the school pretty much failed to teach me properly. Went on to community college and it was a night and day difference. Got straight A's.
ugh
The rotating subs thing sounds familiar. Happened to one of my English classes when the teacher retired. The district couldn't give a fuck to hire a replacement so half the year was inconsistent. But that wasn't nearly as bad as the math situ.
I'd kill for California to have the transit system Japan has. Their zoning laws also helped with that.
Missing the point. . .once again.
I'm glad I'm not the only Xennial here
lol
Either way it's all anecdotal so it's not nearly representative of California schools as a whole.
Can confirm, I lived near Cerritos.
Hopefully he decides to vote yes today, but I doubt it.
There are a lot of other sellers trying to imitate this model. I hope they all crash and burn. It ruins the marketplace for sane sellers that understand you have to sell with an acceptable profit margin. VM Express is definitely one of them. I have some mutual suppliers with them and my suppliers are always baffled at the fact that they consistently sell items for below cost.
FYI that picture isn't even Stalin. A lot of people claim it is, but Stalin had smallpox as a child and had facial scaring from a young age.
Big sad :(
This is fake because Elon Musk III will be building high density housing on Olympus Mons in 2079.
I'm fine with this, as long as the time frame is further out and there are funds made available to build infrastructure for charging stations in NP facilities like campgrounds, visitor centers, etc.
Dams also create harmful GHG emissions. Usually its WORSE than carbon due to methane emissions from decomposing algae.
I have a business that sells on Amazon, definitely a good thing, but the platform has issues they need to resolve. Overall the marketplace has evolved a lot since I started though.
Fedora wearing incels with poor hygiene? Yea, no
Warehouse environments are rough no matter what they do. But when you hear about stuff like issues with bathroom breaks, etc, Amazon really needs to lighten up on that front.
Most of it was claiming that warehouse order pickers were only allowed limited time off task for bathroom breaks so they were peeing in bottles in the warehouse. If you're working in a million+ square foot warehouse, and there aren't enough bathrooms and you have to walk to the other side of the building it can take a long time. Possibly longer than your allotted break period. I can see some of the claims being possibly true, but there is a lot of blind hate for Amazon in the first place because they're non-union. So you have to figure that the truth is probably somewhere in the middle.
Most of them originate from China. They're pretty easy to spot.
They don't really get 'thrown away' They get sold as liquidation lots, usually to dollar stores, or sometimes other arbitrage sellers bid on the blind pallets.
Yea most complaints originated from people brought in to fill seasonal demand through temp agencies.
Oh for sure, Jeff shouldn't have allowed them on the US platform at all. As a seller, they're a real problem as they'll do anything to undercut or edge out domestic competition. They've been getting really dirty in the last year including filing fake copyright and trademark claims on other sellers, etc.
A lot of the issues depend on the FC people are working at. There are some that aren't nearly as strict as others. This is largely because the managers at the specific fulfillment centers have too much leeway on how much they enforce time off task, etc.
Like I said, the truth is usually somewhere in the middle between the extremes. Usually employees that complain to the press about conditions are usually disgruntled in the first place due to varying reasons. You'll never hear media reports from content or happy employees because it doesn't generate clicks.
Are you on Vendor Central or you doing FBA?
You should really learn how a business operates before making such a foolish statement.
That is a pretty dumb take. Google is your friend. They even auction off dead electronics. How about an actual article, not some hit piece: [https://www.forbes.com/sites/kirimasters/2019/05/06/inside-the-world-of-liquidated-amazon-merchandise/#3f58a3a97bf8](https://www.forbes.com/sites/kirimasters/2019/05/06/inside-the-world-of-liquidated-amazon-merchandise/#3f58a3a97bf8) Its essentially become a huge market for arbitrage sellers to bid on pallets of these goods to resell. Unfortunately a lot of them end up relisting on Amazon as new condition (against Amazon's rules).
Actually, this seems to happen more with companies that sell direct to Amazon instead of selling on the marketplace as a 3rd party seller.
I'm going to be honest here. I thought very little of McCain after his concession to Bush in the 2000 primary season, he went from a maverick to a partisan hack. Every action he took up till 2008, including choosing Palin for his VP, everything made me hate him with every fiber of my being. On the floor of the Senate, his thumb down, he saved my life. He wasn't fully redeemed, but he earned my respect in that moment.
I had someone try this scam on me a month ago. Funny thing is, they address they provided was correct, they received it anyways then tried to tell eBay it was broken. Luckily eBay sided with me, removed the feedback and case from my metrics.
Cats contribute to the economy by way of food consumption and consumer goods they ignore while preferring the box said goods arrived in.
Don't forget about Kenneth French.
That is a poor example. Going after Hal Turner was fucking with racists.
It did originate with 420chan but mainly because they had an invasion board. Other chans ended up participating
Prop 8 passed because it was poorly worded and outside influence from LDS (Mormons). Most people who voted yes meant to vote no. The deceptive language in the voter guide was partly why the superior court of California struck it down
You know, the funny thing is that with all the hate that Ethan gets now...the fact that Matt Hoss hasn't capitalized on that shows what a moron he is
My favorite message is when a customer claims they bought the item three weeks ago and it's been 5 days. A whole lot of people have a very tenous grasp on time apparently.
I guess you're going to claim narconon pamphlets are also a 'good deed'.
I guess you're fine preying on people in need to indoctrinate them. Pretty shameful.
Dude you were gone for 4+ weeks.
The claim system is fine, what transpired has nothing to do with it at all. Please read the law so you can see that it doesn't apply here.
&gt;He said that when they talked about dday, they talked about it like the us soldiers were the only ones there, how they liberated the world that day, with no mention of the canadian and british troops that were more than the us troops. This depends greatly on who is teaching the class and the school system. I would say most US History teachers absolutely do not do this.
&gt;The guy who knowingly told Congress about false intelligence This is pure revisionism. Rumsfeld and Cheney gave Powell the false intelligence to report. He didn't believe that the chain of command would mislead him to start a war. Odds are since this is reddit, you weren't conscious enough of the world around you during the Iraq war. I was in my 20s.
That kind of attitude starts at the top with Chad Bianco.
I'm going to say something and its not your fault, but seriously. . .Fuck people who keep dogs chained outside.
All dogs act shitty when treated poorly. Has nothing to do with breed. Keeping a dog chained up is a pretty strong indication that the owner is negligent.
There is a difference between having differing opinions and views than what Nugent said about Obama. It was a defacto assassination threat.
I know this is old news at this point, but that is false. We had plenty of people to fill in. However, we opted to be inclusive.
The previous sheriff was pro-2A, but he wasn't a Trump dick sucker.
&gt;Can you elaborate which mandates he refused to follow? The public health orders regarding face masks, the stay at home order, etc. He is on the side of 'COVID is a hoax'.
He's not even a registered Republican. He pretty much self proclaims he is a moderate. But yea def. an asshole.
While I agree with your sentiment, just want to correct one thing for historical sake. He didn't create Paypal. He created [X.com](https://X.com) which was a different payment platform that merged with Pete Thiel's Confinity. Musk eventually replaced Thiel as CEO.
&gt;if the state felt the need to arrest someone Correction, it wasn't the state. California declared that manufacturing was essential infrastructure. It was Alameda county attempting to impose more stringent standards.
I'm not a fan of Elon's, but I challenge you to look at Steve Job's lengthy history at Apple and see if he actually went down to the assembly line and built a single unit. He didn't. Jobs was an asshole, but an asshole of a different caliber. The caliber that had no problem staying in the safety of his ivory tower and letting the sweat shops do all the hard work.
Tesla borrowed some money, once from the government, and paid it all back within a couple of months with interest. Its funny that is all you got.
Musk isn't a libertarian though. Not denying his eccentricities.
That isn't exactly what transpired. Tesla board of directors requested Eberhardt to step down. I'm sure there was maneuvering behind the scenes. But there was no lawsuit to remove him. It was also around the time that Tesla was insolvent. Typically C level executives are responsible for problems leading up to that. Additionally while Eberhardt was one of the founders, Elon was a majority shareholder and chairman of the board of directors.
&gt;His logic was that having a .0001% (the actual number) Narrator: It wasn't the actual number &gt; but you don't have to lie and say he thinks it is a hoax You should read his press releases.
How about you actually look at the national numbers first, and do the math. Also infectious disease fatality statistics are calculated based on on the number of infected versus the number that died. Not total population. A 2% fatality rate extrapolated over the entire US population is staggering my friend. Herd immunity kicks in once 70% of the population is infected. That is millions dead.
The current government requested a list of nominations for positions from all parties to make them representative of the server. Democratic Republicans failed to respond.
He literally supported Andrew Yang. Libertarians hate UBI.
I'd expect the presidential limo to have a better detailing job than that. Look at those swirls.
Always curious who the dude is that is smoking the cig watching him being dragged away.
TBH, its like two people out of 40+. Most regions voted to remain with parliament.
We're coming for Texas next. #bluetexas
Hey man, hope you didn't have a friend that had to deal with abuse from peers, friends and parents when they came out. Making a joke about Scarce 'coming out' is in really poor taste, when I've seen what the reaction and pain is like first hand. Really hope you don't have to endure that. Not a fucking joke.
Shake that dick is pretty well known and it still exists. Wouldn't worry about it too much.
No mods to ban anyone over innocent cat girl comments
Always makes me tear up
Says the increasingly nervous DT user
Less DT, more NL minecraft
As the current treasurer on the NL Minecraft server. If the DT truly does die tonight, I will unleash MMT on the server. Mods, please think about the ramifications, think of the diamond inflation.
Rick Wilson isn't a liberal. He is an anti-Trump Republican.
Oh wait, you're serious. . .let me laugh harder!
Republican conservatism is in no way related to liberalism or even classic liberalism. If you believe that, I have a bridge to sell ya.
Not at all. Its mostly center-left. The tea party mostly evolved from the far right.
You're just parroting a failed opinion, I'll continue to ignore it. Then again, you're so far left that everything to the right of your stance looks the same.
The last 'classic liberal' Republican was Eisenhower. The current GOP is in no way classic liberal. Classic liberals would hate the fascism that is currently ingrained in the party.
There is a solution to this. . .STOP. BUYING. INKJETS. Seriously. Consumer grade laser printers are not much more expensive and you can buy brands that allow third party or recycled toner cartridges.
And printers recognize that cartridges are single use based on a unique cartridge id. You can't really refill them any more. It literally costs more to refill liquid ink carts than buying remanufactured toner cartridges.
I can buy toner refills for 10 bucks that include black, cyan, magenta and yellow in a single kit. $10 usually only gets you one ink cart refilled. Toner is much less expensive
Good afternoon, the government of the NL Minecraft server, in pursuant to "The Revenue Through Auction Act" is pleased to offer one spawn egg for auction. The winning bidder will get to choose which spawn egg they want once the auction has closed. Terms &amp; conditions: Opening bid &lt;10 diamonds&gt; Auction ends in 24 hours, on 6/18/2020 at 2pm Pacific/5pm Eastern US Time (7pm UTC) To bid on this item, please post with format &lt;username&gt; Bids: &lt;bid&gt; in the #government-operations channel on the NL Minecraft Discord The winning bidder will be announced in #government-operations once the auction has closed. !ping MINECRAFT
We had it in California on a county level, then a bunch of dipshits like Riverside and Orange County decided it was 'political issue'.
Same here
He is defying the state public mask order. Openly.
&gt; CONTENT. &gt; &gt;Yes, content. I can think of a million others before 'content'.
Ahh there you go with the insults again.
They literally do, it's called capital gains tax.
