He's staying Warrior fans
They remind me a lot of the 2013 nuggets who were a first round exit when they faced real star power
Mark Jackson burying the knife deeper talking about Kawhi's skillset
On the flip side they were terrible offensively. The Pistons never played a team that could shoot as well and was as unselfish. Spurs in 5
Great leader
Ibaka is shooting over 70% on midrange this season so ill go with him
He signed with a team of 4 all stars for the minimum
How has Knox been so far this season?
RIP Fab melo
I hate games in quicken loans arena, so many traumatizing memories
So many traumatizing memories in this building. God i hate these games
Kawhi is good at basketball
Really like this up and coming Kawhi guy
We are awful with Kawhi and Lowry off the court
In what context?
Bucks going to blow your shit out and nobody will watch after 3 quarters
This dude gunna be out of the league in 2 years so i guess the quote applies to him
lmao
plz dont leave us kawhi
When you are at the top every slip up is just pummelled into you by this sub. Speaking from experience lol
Is JV even playable?
Inexcusable lazy all around play from the bench. Embarrassing
Nurse is piiiiised
Nick nurse is NOT happy
Damn OG is below 40% from the FT line this year
Hot take: Lowry is important to our team. Our offense was super stagnant without him. Kawhi bailed us out big time tonight and i can't wait to forget this one
Kawhi going off was fun to see but overall just a bad game
To be fair look who he was guarding. Must have been hilarious for him going from 51 Durant to tonight
Cleveland runs stopped as soon as he entered and they went off every time he sat. Troubling honestly but ill take the win
I have never seen a more fitting video in my life lol
Everything Fred did well for us last season he is doing the opposite it seems. Last season he was selective with his shots at the rim. This season he forces a lot of bad looks. Last season he moved the ball quickly this year he's over dribbling His 3 point shot is also slumping. Really need to see him turn it around
You really need to watch more Kawhi
Too small of a sample size to conclude anything. Anybody who doesn't think Kawhi isn't playing top 5 MVP level basketball doesn't watch the Raptors enough
The first MVP he wasn't "shattering records"
Kawhi is just special. All you can say
He looks slower than last year
look at the flair
That was the consensus before the year. You know adjustment period with a new star player and coach. Celtics were supposed to be cohesive from the jump, funny how it's reversed
You just described Demarcus cousins minus the 26 ppg scoring. Y'all will be more than fine
too early to make this conclusion
DeRozan deserves some consideration
You included Jrue when the Pels have 1 more win
that's what upvoting is for
Depends on the team. He is being under-utilized at duke and if he's not with the right playmakers it could be an issue
you need decent players to build a good culture
I'm saying their roster sucks so what does it matter if he plays or not. Might as well go for development and losses
No one on that roster is a 3 point shooter. Nightmare spacing
That first unit needs the spacing
The dude is lighting up the G league..... Lorenzo brown won G-League MVP last season and he looks way in over his head for a 3rd stringer
Who gives a fuck about his end if he's dumb enough to do something that dangerous with regularity. It's others around him who could get hurt needlessly
Losing a life is more valuable than everything you said x10
Yes somebody loves you
&gt;people are disposable That is super cynical. Logistically you may be correct but this is where humanity comes into play
But isn't the whole point of this post highlighting a negative influence he may be having on his followers?
Most of his peak individual years were not with shaq or gasol
*people
*Magic johnson has exited the room*
&gt;While I understand that neither is particularly great This sub has stats so far up their own ass they dont watch games
what an incredibly ignorant thing to say
Gasol was in and out of the lineup with injury last season
Anybody who says this was not a FLEECE is not paying attention
See his current platstyle to help create the pitch in F/A
He was a late 1st rounder so he has done nothing to increase his value from 3 years ago?
You are lucky to get rotation players in the late lotto
Ask yourself why the roster improved.... maybe their players are getting the ball in spots they like from the offensive system
Refs were brutal the whole game
What? Good team beats bad teams? Good team has intense games vs good teams?
Don't leave out beating memphis on the road and the Warriors with Durant going nutty. But lets not include that in your "tough" stretch
To play devils advocate. Siakams value is at an all time high and flipping him for a 3rd all star makes the most sense now from a business perspective. I dont think CJ is that third star but the point stands
Im going to not make predictions like that 26 games into the season. You never know if injuries will hit, nurse resting players and general three week slumps the raptors are prone too
Petty people everywhere in this thread
Keep dreaming
team with the two greatest players of all time beats warriors shocker
Giannis and Doncic's genetic don't even compare. It would be way harder and frankly impractical for doncic to put on that much weight
Also the highest volume by far. It's incredibly difficult to increase you volume while increasing efficiency. Curry is the only player to master this and he had the greatest offensive season ever. It's not ludicrous to think PG will have a serious cold streak this year. He is widely been criticized for his inconsistency
Hopefully he picks Clippers. Im already puking at the though of the ovation he's going to get
lol lol lol
Stephsexuals are going to be a thing very soon arent they
Celtic fans getting testy now that theyve won 4 in a row
Give it a couple years
Lebron KD Curry Kawhi Giannis
Bucks fans have been attacking kawhi so much this season
&gt;Kawhi is and he literally hasn't been the most valuable player on his team to this point. Maybe kyle was in the first 3 weeks of the season. It has been undoubtedly kawhi for the last 4 weeks
You really think we would be anywhere near our record without. him? Hes getting more comfartable everygame and has straight backpacked us the last 2 weeks
Because lowry has not been the mvp of our team. Kawhi has been backpacking for the last 4 weeks. Using on/off without context is a dangerous misleading game
For real anybody who says otherwise I urge you to watch a full game from the 1980s. Lebron would be 5 tiers quicker than everybody on the floor
This is actually upvoted, im out
If you really had watched all that classic footage the disparity in talent from the 80s and now is clear as day
Imagine thinking lebron in a more physical nba wouldnt be benficial. Physicality is a major strength of his
Youre kidding yourself if you think an 80s big man could keep up with LBJ just because they have more size. That would be a detriment to their case. Lebron presents the biggest mismatch of all time. Hes a guard in a Karl Malone type build with Isiah Thomas quickness. Add in his 40 inch vertical. Nobody would stop him in any era regardless of defensive gameplan or personnel
Steph MJ Lebron KG Wilt
I agree, wouldn't mind sacrificing our depth for a legit big 3. Raptors have been deep for years and its gotten us nowhere in the post season
Is a great 4th option on a contender but i dont think hes ready to be our 3rd star
Great role player but again not a third star
Rockets had one of the greatest offenses in NBA history. There is nothing historic about this years raptors team except they are good both offensively and defensively which has been the case for many years. I admit it will be fun to see a playoff series with a star that doesnt shy away from the moment but i will always remain sceptical of toronto teams until i see it done
Im not comparing our roster to Houston, you are. My point is they were historically great at SOMETHING. We are just very good right now
Its never a good idea to trade a draft pick 3 years from now for a role player when you have no clue what your franchises goals will be by then
1st rounder for george hill huge win
You do in the warriors era or you need to be historically great at something
Umm the championship he won in san antonio he was a role player. His career high was 21 points before that 2014 finals series
What? I am in no way saying this. My point is our deep team has racked up many wins but has fallen short in the playoffs due to the lack of top end talent. Also the spurs didn't have to play the 5 all star warriors. It does not apply to todays NBA
D-wade was hurt in that series, Bosh was invisible, Allen was 38 and came off the bench. How can you compare that to a team of 5 all stars in their PRIME. Two of them MVPs
I see no reason for CJ to play at all. He hasnt had a single good game all year
CJ Miles should be embarrassed for his effort this season. He doesn't look like an NBA level player.
The Raptors closing lineup should be predicated on length/switchablity. Fred just destroys that whole identity
The problem is the Raptors are hunting threes instead of creating opportunities at the rim. When you establish the inside game the passing lanes for 3s will open up. I have almost never seen a Raptor game go well when they adopt the Houston Rocket strategy
About that.....
Kids seek attention. Move along
And if he does who cares? He gets his enjoyment for the month which is longer than most skins get run for anyway
This sub is negative af
200 hp and auto regen
No Kawhi to stagger minutes
You made the game a joke with planes and the sword. You are going to drive the game into the ground
Ya fuck that dude for the injuries. Didnt see anybody booing curry when he was out in our first matchup
PG is the only real competition but i even voted kyrie over embiid so id be surprised as well
Good point. But until the wizards move beal they wont get the best offers for wall. Beal is the greater asset
No they are 3 peating but there is potential this offseason to lose a couple major pieces. However any team with steph curry is a contender
Is Kawhi eligible for the 35% from us in the summer or was that out the window when pop traded him?
And even with a mind boggling 3 year statline he is featured in the lower half of top 10 nba players
https://www.sbnation.com/2014/2/26/5449086/bobcats-jimmer-fredette-bucks-kings-trade-regret Kings get jimmer/john salmons. Bobcats get Bismack biyombo/corey magette. Bucks get Stephen Jackson/Shaun Livingston/19th pick
The west has the one team who's going to win the championship
Thunder are in the same tier of Sixers/Bucks/Celtics/Raptors imo
Every team that has swept us has turned into a dumpster fire. While we take the hits and try to improve next season. Facts. Look at washington as well
Of course he does he is one of the best on ball defenders of all time. But to just blindly state something without a shred of proof is ignorant. Ive almost never seen a Kawhi steal that wasnt all ball or in the passing lanes
She got a goooood look
They tried to hide curry on him but he was getting abused so hard they had to bring a double team on a Danny Green POST UP
Get healthy for the playoffs big guy moose is a professional and this is a good oppurtunity for Boucher
I haven't seen a single person downplay your win in toronto... it was a good game that came down to one possesion if you think that decisively makes one team better than the other than i disagree
When you are at the top ppl go for the knees
Just lost a 3v1 situation. And it wasnt even close. Guess who had the fucking sword
Yay Kawhi is healthy
This is one of those times to put away basketball reference and look at context
Scoring is the most important part of the game lol
What do you mean again? They always were a good team. Early season struggles don't negate that
You left out compensating
Hardest challenge in the game
Default would miss the first grapple, eat a couple AR shots before going up for the 2nd attempt
Spoiler alert: there is no reason for god's actions because he doesn't exist
Bingo. I wasnt abrasive the reply calling me a douchebag was
Have a peek at his stats this season with you know who guarding him
This sub sensitive af
If you're a bot everything is OP
F
Well streamer mode is mostly used so ppl cant see the streamers name in the killfeed. Turn on his stream and streamsnipe
*backs slowly out of thread*
For good reason
Completely random question but i have no clue how creative works. I can't build, edit, shoot, break or do anything in any island except my ow
Completely random question but i have no clue how creative works. I can't build, edit, shoot, break or do anything in any island except my own
Sub is dead
That expedition outpost by dusty is always a shit show. Now it will be crazy
This trash is upvoted. A popular game that is technical to the core has a skill gap. Boo fucking who
Kevin Durant drops 51 on us 2OT when he was on the thunder. Hit the pull up 35 foot game winner nothing but net Also saw DeMar's franchise record 52 points live in an OT win vs Milwaukee
Need more ball movement and penetration. Our team is looking timid
Obvious goaltend what in the actual fuck
Thats not a rule
Hahahahah refs suckkkkkkk
Refs are a disgrace
Lowrys third foul was a joke
Doesnt change the fact he had his feet set and 4 feet out of the restricted area Hes also developed a reputation as a top charge drawer in the league Just embarrassing the refs rang him up
We actually lost a 5v4 from that call wtf
Holy, with no Klay/Durant Draymond needs to be sticky glued to Siakam. Every other player is a huge mismatch
Growing pains of being a legit 2nd option
That was dead ass the first wide open layup ive seen Kawhi miss this season
Obvious carry lmfao
Feet clearly in restricted area
Undeserved
Its impressive how they are getting everything wrong
We are knocking on the door of a blowout sooooo frustrating
Referees are a disgrace with the offensive calls Im still not over that kawhi and 1
Holy motherfucking shit we have had countless opportunities to blow them out and whiffed on every single one
Let us have this
Whats up with non warrior flairs just shitting on us after we win
how many times did he just need to stumble to get a whistle
Lol you can stand by it all you want, we hit em with the reverse sweep
I mean it worked.... Curry went off but everybody else did great on their matchups
Not saying the Warriors wont win this series but they wont be coming back against a team who had a player need an IV for exhaustion
Refs have been disgraceful in the Finals. There is no agenda. They are just incompetent with all the spotlight on them
If we win catch me at the parade while y'all bitch on an internet forum
It's honestly the inconsistent body contact they allow. It feels like they make their minds up randomly when physicality is allowed..... Just set a consistent precedent and the players will adjust accordingly
If a team can't surpass a 7 point deficit the entire game that's being outplayed....
Moral of the story: Most people willing to shell out 20k for tickets and watch maybe 5 games a year are shit heads
Holy fuck that entire thread is straight delusional
we straight up have had one of the toughest roads to a potential chip in a long time and we are getting clowned for choking lmfao
how about no lmao
what he did against philly was actually fucking disgusting he beat a team of 4 all stars basically by himself
oh god buck fans this season got so pissed whenever somebody said they weren't the clear cut bes team in the East
i know you didn't screen cap this from you phone lmao wtf
honestly it all feels surreal since that Kawhi quadruple doink I find myself laughing at all the franchise milestones we are crushing as opposed to stressing I've never felt this watching a Toronto team
the only thing you did was get this post removed
He clearly justifies the push because Lowry took out his wife diving for loose ball in the NBA finals? Ya i disagree
Hope youre kids have more of a sense of humor than you do
Warriors vs raptors in Toronto during the reg season Kawhi and KD at their full superstar height going back and forth
I told myself in July i wouldn't get attached this season but mission failed lmao
Lmao fuck canada i guess
Oh shit i havent seen Ne-Yo since middle school
Damn this is an ugly game I guess that benefits us?
You would think a 2x DPOY would get the benefit of the doubt
Down four while playing braindead ill take it
Damn we have missed an ungodly amount of makeable shots
Well thats just objectively not true
Lmao draymond is a fool
We're getting shafted bro wtf
Refs have been disgraceful in this quarter lmao Just blatant rigging
Refs were so unbelievably biased in that fourth against us you just have to laugh
im literally creaming
ill be out there until 4am no cap
agreed he has shown me more in this playoff run than i thought possible for a raptors player
People were really shitting on us before this series when we said the Warriors have not seen a defense like this
the length, physicality, and talent for the sixers would be too much for GS imo. That team is severely underrated
Every game has its nuances and you have to give the Warriors credit for game 2 That third quarter push was dominant basketball.
A title would legit shut the city of Toronto down. Like i'm pretty sure Tuesday would be the least productive work day in T dot history
Im on that short term gratification boiiii
If the raps win 1 out of the next 3 games i think perspective on what kawhi did this season will truly start to sink in.... He straight up was traded to a team with down right brutal history and lead them to franchise heights in less than a calendar year What in the actual fuck.
man that's unlucky dude was tearing it up too
I think the main difference between the Finals and the 3 east series' for the Raps is the physicality Like these teams were straight up going to war and the refs had to low it otherwise 60 FTs a game The warriors just don't bring that same physical intensity but they do make up for it with pure talent
It's honestly unreal how many 1 on 1 im better than you shots Kawhi has hit this post season
Getting bodied by LeBron James in the ECF was by far our most successful season prior to this year
It's tough to say his 30s will age well with his injury history. He could be an all time peak level player without longevity when it's all said and done
i too prefer a ring fuck the rest of the league lmao Cleveland can relate
2016 Lowry was the best version of him i've ever seen 22/4/7 on 67 TS% and the same tenacity he plays on defence That was the year the aint no spot up shooter meme came about
That timeout up 12 with 5 minutes left was a mental nightmare for the warriors they basically spent the whole timeout thinking about being down 12 with no momentum
don't want to count chickens but the Raptors outplayed them in that game 3/4 quarters but a historically awful 5 minutes for us cost us the game
there has been almost 20 years of mediocrity and downright awful before the lowry-derozan era
The mental make up of our roster has me thinking this is a fan mentality thing
dont forget a dpoy on top lmao
I like how Freddy is posted up like it's middle school lunch
you would be correct that after a full year of every media member saying Kawhi is bouncing this news feel good
you can't be serious looking at regular season DRTG Anybody watching these playoffs can tell our defense is number one in the league by a wide margin
Still remember Klay baffled after game 1 loss saying we are playing the Raptors, not Kawhi Leonard lmfao so underprepared
He turned Andrea Bargnani into a top 10 pick jus saying
We lost in cleveland ha take that
i think you are forgetting somebody rather important
The one right above bottom right is my favorite
https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/bq04qe/post_game_thread_giannis_leads_the_milwaukee/eo19rwa/
lmao feels great man
oops i misread your comment but Kawhi isn't a SG anyway
I dunno you guys can find out in Cancun
[F in the chat boys] (https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/bagp1j/what_are_your_unpopular_opinions_of_the_2019/ekbtjey/)
I was telling my friends in the Magic series that i think next season is actually our peak window
guaranteed game 7 on our home floor we chilling
Even if he does play thats a matchup you exploit defensively. Make him work on both ends
They also had LeBron and Kyrie at full physical strength play the best basketball of their careers
exhausted curry, hurt klay, injured KD, green &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; LeBron and Kyrie
aint cool
How long was his first shit this morning?
We've been losing in every series but this one. They understand one loss doesn't make or break a series (Unless it's game 7 lol)
If I saw dude with FEAR GOD tatted on his deltoid walk into the gym, not say a word, and fucking torch everybody, id be scared
To quote the great Sam Mitchell "Zero, Zero, Zero"
3-1 leads are a buffer for these types of losses. It sucks we could taste the ring and practically had it but i have no doubts we can close this series out It sucks to see durant go down from such a serious injury but i fully believe we are better team without him in the lineup
Coaching cost us the last minutes. There is no reason norman powell should be playing major minutes in a fourth quarter of a championship close out game. Siakam needs to be in the basketball game. You play your best 5 guys bar none in this situation Dont even get me started on that last possession without a timeout. Kawhi needs the ball in a one on one situation and the timeout is needed to set that play up
Great quarter of basketball
Just posting here for history Overwhelming can't describe this
I was in this mob! Honestly this video can't even do the scene justice. It was 4am and still like this
Kawhi averaged 34 a game on nearly 70 TS% against the a 4 all star Sixer team Before he lost his legs in that Milwaukee series, he was on LeBron's level
Disgraceful Take a look at yourself right now
That shot was slow motion and the ensuing scramble was like a billion Kph
I fully was prepared for the sadness. I had accepted it already lmao
&gt;was the exact quote I saw on Twitter Well that's your mistake right there
Ok i respect your opinion and i will not be thinking about this opinion Monday during the parade
Can't even give us 24 hours woj
how is this a controversial comment lmfao
Oh my god this one year will help with my depression for years Thank you for this comment
I can't even process these clips
fuckin beast
Lol the dude literally boxed out a 290lb center for a title calm the fuck down
There is no defensive stat for successful double teams, good help defense, active communication, correct rotations and just insane high IQ plays like the one we see here. It's one of the reasons I like the defensive side of basketball just as much as a beautiful offense. There are so many incredibly difficult, instant decisions that are being made almost every defensive possession. Couple that with the pure effort and hustle it takes to stop an NBA offense, it's just awesome man.
You know what else is ridiculous? Kyle Lowry dropping 26 and 10 in a championship close out game hahahahaah
What the fuck? Replace Danny Green with Bradley Beal and see what happens lmfao
A great write but i think you forgot to put the embiid windmill instead of the siakam trip when you said the sixers were having a lot of fun
You must have missed the first two months of these playoffs where he basically said fuck it, give me the ball and move
Michael Jordan come on now
But at the same time nothing can top this year for me and lots of others Just an incredible journey and plethora of emotions
maybe don't sign a four year max if you want team flexibility lmfao Can't have it all
it's actually crazy we won that series in hindsight Kawhi went nuts against philly
Game 7s have a different sort of air around them though. You go into those games thinking you have a legit shot to win the series that night. Playing critical, defining games when you are losing a series must be so tough mentally. Like imagine having to battle through a double OT, defensive, physical battle, with the only solace this game prevents you from being down 3-0.
ha! you must be new we've had this complex since Paul Pierce said we don't have "It" in 2014
lol this isn't even debatable
Bruh they can't be trading Siakam mid parade
ring
i do
If you're looking at Lowry's game expecting to be wowed you're looking for the wrong thing He does all the unglamorous shit necessary to win basketball games.
Pels are not taking wall... He just tore his achilles the year BEFORE his supermax contract kicks in
Haven't you seen the 2minute workout video of Bol shooting uncontested jumpers??
Bro we got our ring. Now i want to see the league burn lmfao
lol
Honestly don't know if you need to make a 3rd splash LeBron and AD is more than enough to win a title now that Golden State isn't unbeatable Why not sign two very good role players that fill out the roster??
I'm on the great role player train Worst case scenario AD gets hurt (happens a lot), great role players with LeBron is still a shot at a ring
the debate isn't one star vs two role players it's Two superstars + 1 star + vet min gambles over Two superstar plus elite supporting cast
What do you mean? The Heat lost in 2011 because they spent all their money on three stars and had basically nobody else on the roster It was only when Chris Bosh took a low all star type role and they signed other elite role players (Ray Allen, Shane Battier) did they start winning titles
Brogdon, Redick, Aminu, Danny Green, Cory Joseph, Brook Lopez, Patrick Beverley and more It's not that these players are an "elite supporting cast" per say It's them coupled with LeBron and AD that makes it elite
No doubt he will after Rich Paul basically begged AD to the Lakers for months
Kyrie threatened surgery to be traded and is about to bounce from his new seemingly perfect situation team You never know with this league
Masai Ujiri about to be at a parade for pulling a similar scenario
Steve Balmer basically paying Woj to keep the Clippers signing Kawhi in the news on the regs Balmer tried to buy the rights to Kawhi's Jordan Klaw logo while Kawhi was competing for the raptors in the playoffs The Clippers president or his representatives was at all or most of our home games That Doc Rivers fine was not really about Doc.
settle down children
For real this was a response to Masai calling him the best player in the league and he basically said im trying to win a ring right now, you guys decided this shit not me
Lol we didn't play a box and 1 the whole game.... Only in key stretches and it shut him down
With no Klay and KD im taking 4 or 5 teams on the same level if not better than the Warriors
bro we won 17/24 quarters That's as easy as defeating a defending champion as it's gunna get
doink.....doink...doink..doink...series. pure bliss :)
What's the excuse for losing four straight?
wait are you actually making the case we made the wrong choice
ya all you need is one of the most versatile defensive teams of all time lmfao
Kyrie + Kawhi + Horford is a ring
I mean he's been on a team with two other allstars 8 of the last 9 years Let's not act like he hasn't had his chances
nobody forced him to sign with a rebuild lakers
i choose not to think about this timeline I choose the timeline where we have a parade on monday lol
Yo Serge Ibaka has been the glue to our team chemistry
You mean stating two literal facts?
It's weird seeing Golden State not the definitive pick
Raptors, Rockets, Sixers, and Bucks
Thank fuck
lmao laker fans in denial after they partied harder the last 24 hours than we did after winning a championship
well woj just reported the lakers AD trade will go through on the 6th preventing a third max slot Which star is taking a paycut on this market?
Even still, it's not enough to give a full max If Lakers want a third star they need to hope a player will be taking a pay cut on this high demand market
Giannis led his team to the number one record as a primary ball handling PF
Jrue Holiday is better than Khris Middleton
into my veins please
you have to admit this is great news for Raptors, Sixers, Nets and Hornets fans though
lol at the raptor fan replying &gt;that said, realistically that's got zero chance of happening so
um Kawhi will be offered 38 mil a year from us (raptors) That's a 25% paycut
You can't sign that much over the cap without certain exceptions, mostly bird rights
Literally says in the next sentence that he doesn't get involved with the business of others
"I didn't have an in depth conversation about it because it isn't my business" "The best way to recruit somebody is to just be yourself over the course of the year. I assume he knows what it is here and what makes it special. And if it's enough it will be enough, if it's not it not. We would love for him to be back" Theres context to everything
Lol at the end of the day the Raptors are NBA champions, sorry the thunder can't say the same.
All three of those dudes will be in high demand by the trade deadline if it plays out like that
Damn seems like you have it all figured out. The players mentality, the fan base mentality, my mentality, I'm impressed. Tell me since you know so much, should i wait for the parade at the beginning, middle, or end of the route?
Too much bickering in this thread, just look at the sidebar picture fellow raps fans
Highest* and it's comparable to Cali's tax laws btw
Celtics vs Raptors would be a massacre this season and a boring series from a basektball perspective
Don't know about what? These two by Leonard were some of the best dunks of the playoffs
Lol there goes Balmer's mouthpiece again
People really freaking about because of fultz but this is not uncommon for guys entering the pros.... How do you think dudes who struggle in college shooting get better in the league. Fultz's issue was letting his family change his shot before a professional
It's not so much that he can't shoot. It's that his shot is fundamentally broken and has shown no improvement
He's a PG that relies on athleticism who just tore his achilles
40 bil has a lot of buying power, even the number one insider in the league can't resist....
He'll never get the recognition he deserves on the Wizards
12ppg horford about to get 100mil I know he brings a lot of intangibles but damn
marchand tries to intentionally hurt people
Depends on what you guys do with the picks but i still though Memphis should have traded Conley last season for max value
Just your daily reminder the Toronto Raptors are NBA Champions
If there was any smokescreens, this trade cleared it up real quick
Im not sure if i can take this same post 10x a day until Kawhi re-signs with the Raptors lmao
Cactus club a real nice spot
When i tore my ACL my knee swelled up to 3 times the size. Basically impossible to do a surgery on that
Kobe, D Wade and MJ were not oversized.... In fact both Kobe and Wade were a little shorter than ideal SG height during their eras
3 of the top 10 r/nba posts of all time are raptors related
honestly.... laker fans trying to spin everything their way. Kawhi and Nurse have had a great relationship the whole season. There's context to every situation
F/A hasn't even started yet. Ppl need to chill about next season predictions
any perceived tension benefits the teams recruiting kawhi
Ring
https://np.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/8zuy2q/wojnarowski_toronto_has_reached_agreement_in/e2llhtx/
People really bugging out.... Butler was far and aways the best player on the sixers during the 2nd round. Like not even close
robert covington
just playing devil's advocate. The Raptors were also assembled very late into the season and with all the injuries we had this year our chemistry and team got noticeably better the later we got in the playoffs. I said it in the first round against Orlando, that i thought next year was actually our window. We surpassed expectations this season but im holding onto that take
I'm not trying to compare dick sizes here but lets not act like the Raptors were some cohesive team coming into the playoffs. There was a lot of concern that our team wouldn't have enough time to gel. The way you made it sound was the sixers pushed a fully cohesive raptors group to the brink and that simply isn't true.
&gt; the fact that we took the Raptors to the max If you makes this point i'm going to add context to the situation
Clippers better FO and roster? Lmao take a peak at the sidebar pic my guy
bruh
Since they won't be retaining mirotic, was that trade the wrong move in hindsight?
4 of them though?
/new browsers come collect your karma
lowry and fvv were the only constants from last season Everybody else adopted a new role or was a different player altogether
it's not irrational. He strikes me as a dude who was born with lottery genetics and is riding it out/letting everybody know about it
*grabs popcorn*
what kind of ramifications does the pels trading the 4th pick have for the lakers? Does that basically solidify the deal going down on the 6th and not getting a max slot?
No way hawks want to be waiting until the 30th right?
Asking about Zion of course lol
He's a great player
meh
Kuzma did not deserve to be with those guys lol
ehh pascal out here getting draft comparisons now
Yo memphis is half raptors and now they want to draft a canadian???? Im sold wtf
I'm not too big of a fan of his meh pick
the nephew posts is why i browse new..... now it's very boring
strength of competition
I know nothing about Dewan, whats his story?
Dude beat the shit out of the guy banging his girl lol
Delly
just watched a 3 min hype video and i am hype
there was still an OT to be played even if it didn't go in
In the fourth quarter atleast
Its the finals nows the time
Gasol clamped him up. The on/off numbers went from all nba center with gasol off to complete scrub with him on
Why does steph curry get a pass for going under screens for VanVleet lmao
Lol outplaying stpeh curry for a quarter doesnt mean hes a better player wtf
We get him in the 2nd half of the season lol
He went on record multiple times this season that DeRozan is better than Kawhi
Lol dude was cut out completely from the rotation last year
You really think casey would have made the crucial rotation changes nurse did? Casey is incredibly rigid in that front. Dont even get me started on the creative defensive schemes he implemented to slow down embiid, giannis and curry
You really think casey taught nurse everything he knows?? Wow....
Nurse has a 20 year plus coaching history lmfao
&gt;I trust Masai but I don’t get it. We need a change up and I know Nurse isn’t Casey, but I just think to the players this is going to feel too much like status quo. Hope I eat those words u/Shadybob91 start feasting baby we champs
Commenting on what you said OP: How is Siakam not a useable asset? OG as well? Not to mention we have ALL of our future firsts in tact. In the scenario Kawhi leaves, Lowry, Serge, and Gasol will all be on expiring contracts and playoff teams will be chomping at the bits to trade for one playoff run
legendary account and post lol
god damnit i told myself last summer i wouldn't get attached
Thanks for breaking up your big 4 so we could get Ibaka down the road lmao
I can't even count how many times Kawhi has given a shoutout to Lowry for helping him adjust to the team. Not only that but basically every player has eluded to or flat our said Kyle is the leader in practice and on the floor
i stayed up until 1:30am to finish this game. Wasnt even too upset about the L, legendary stuff
getting healthy Kawhi to stay is like getting a gold combat shotty first chest
I'll never forget going to watch Giannis as a rookie at the ACC (im greek Canadian) and we were up like 40 going into the 4th. Bucks put giannis in the whole quarter and he went off for like 15. I remember looking over to my dad and saying "damn why do they have this guy on the bench, he's legit"
We were in total control of game 1 until the final 7 minutes when our team just ran out of gas coming off a hard philly series. The Raptors were clearly the superior team
Really was a conflicting moment for raptor fans
either way i remember him being very young
too bad idgaf and my championship gear is on it's way from the post office
I mean i feel like if you've been a fan of the team long enough to see DeRozan grow up from teenager to perennial all star in a raptors jersey you'd be singing a different tune
Blue jays have outscored the redsox 13-1 the last 12 innings
Blue jays have outscored the redsox 13-1 the last 12 innings
had to do it to em
throwback to when gurriel was the worst hitter in baseball back in april lol
not trolling by stating a fact lol
I'm not butthurt, stop overreacting. If you've really been a fan since the beginning of this team you would know we missed the playoffs 13 of our first 18 years and only made the second round once. With DeMar on the team we had 5 of the 6 franchises' best seasons by record, made the second round twice and conference finals once. Whether you like him or not he was a huge part in the most successful era in franchise history (I don't consider Kawhi's team an era in only one season)
So DeRozan dropping 24ppg agains the bucks in 2017 including one of the clutchest dunks in franchise history to close that series out doesn't qualify? Almost like Lowry and DD were an all star duo. Both were the reason for our success and as much as you'd like, you can't erase demar from franchise history, clown.
lmao you weren't in the same room with me watching this game, don't presume what i was doing. I was cheering in the moment, it was a great game. Still doesn't change the fact watching the highlights in retrospect bring up mixed emotions
I agree Chirs Haynes was given a bad rap by emotional raptor fans lol
&gt;Leonard, 27, is believed to be seriously considering re-signing with the Raptors, sources said. Chris Haynes who is one of the only reporters with access to Uncle Dennis and his camp also said this in the same article.
Epic Reddit votes should not ruin edits in this game... The only change we need is the option release to edit and thats it
As somebody who is having trouble finding info on the draws online, what group are we in? And how far do we need to progress to make the Olympics
Through the first 4 games of the philly series kawhi was putting up 36ppg on 65 FG% and he was the only player besides pascal game 1 that was the focus of the philly defense
Damn if Ben Simmons is playing thats a big yikes
Well fuck
Lmao all i see in this thread is people falling behind the skill gap and seeing somebody use their builds properly only makes it worse
1 less win with 26 different starting lineups lmao
Toronto made more moves, had bad luck with health and still had a great season
Lol Nurse destroyed Bud in the ECF coaching wise, like it was a joke And r/nba nephews really trying to argue that what Masai Ujiri did this season wasnt warranted a EOTY foh
agreed but MVP is a regular season award
Nope. Masai finished 4th in voting. Fucking FOURTH. I'm so happy we dropped a motherfucking championship on this trash league
and there's nephews in r/nba justifying it saying dumb shit like we were -1 win from last season while ignoring every ounce of context. I feel like im being gaslighted reading through that sub right now
lmao you can't be real with this take ignoring every ounce of context. Enjoy your faded flair
nah this shit happens every season
lmao at thinking raptor fans upset Masai ujiri didn't win EOTY after the ballsiest FO decisions in the league paid off, is an inferiority complex
Did Masai hire Nick Nurse, trade for Kawhi, Danny Green and Marc Gasol during the playoffs?
Lol can't wait to here "we were statistically the best team in the league last year!! Check the stats"
Stephen A Smith on air yesterday said nobody cares or is talking about the Raptors winning, we all care about Kawhi winning. Therefore he should leave like wtf
Everybody looks big when they have a pump
Somebody made a post saying FTs should be removed from the game and the player should just get the points depending on the foul How stupid do you have to be lol
Ok, everybody who exercises regularly looks big when they have a pump
The executive of the year award doesnt go to the team that increased their wins the most.... it goes to the FO that made the best decisions or tough decisons that paid off All milwaukee did was run it back with the same core plus sign brook lopez. The trade they made at the deadline was a complete non factor for them. Mirotic was ass
JR Smith shot 70% from 3 vs us and low 30s the other three series
Dwane Casey defensive specialist Such a breath of fresh air to have Nurse who actually successfully gameplanned for our opposition's stars
At least we've won a title in the last 60 years
Not even Washington. Just Woj. The guy has been pushing Kawhi to the Clippers the entire season. 10 minutes after Masai wins a championship he's already throwing stories out there that he's leaving. Lost all respect for Woj this season
into my veins ya thanks
If the Lakers are not getting a max guy they will for sure keep Bullock. 4 mil for a shooter and average defender is a steal
Not true. It has been a 6 year process of acquiring and exchanging assets through all mediums
I get we support our guys and all but come on
dont need that comma in that sentence
Free Throws
This is good for us what do you mean
He said his decision strongly depends on Kawhi's intentions
15-20 min drive south to the acc
lets start with playoffs lmao
I agree, i have no clue where this ludicrous theory came from when Kawhi has Clipper/Laker meetings monday/tuesday and is meeting us later in the week... Why would he announce his decision before his meetings
I understand the question marks but we were contenders all season. Not favourites, but absolutely contenders. We were the 1 or 2 seed the entire season
with no Kawhi? Philly is the better team if they keep one of Butler/Harris, Milwaukee is better, Celtics with Kemba and Indy with a healthy Oladipo is also in or above our tier
lmao wat
but if we are rebuilding we can get draft picks attached
since when is doc rivers the best coach in the league
he is until june 30
so what, he's still under contract until june 30 lmao
This was known
Philly maxing tobi and butler walking would be hilarious
Or you know trust in the medical staff, comfort with the city, comfort woth coaching staff and teammates, proven formula that won a chip etc But ya only reason he would stay is so he can be the guy and thats it.
You mean the same team that didnt skip a beat after he was gone lol
Doesnt change the fact he developed a comfort with Toronto
Youre not Kawhi Leonard, dont speak for Kawhi Leonard
Thank goodness u/Celtics_Forever is here to deliver the news and raptor fans can move on
I dont think you understand what irony is. Also, his daughter has Canadian citizenship, is she not family?
Boohoo the world is against the lakers lmao
He had another kid this season and im not assuming anything. All of your statements have been assumptions
what crawled up your ass
But you didnt so nobody cares
Yo i lost it when the camera panned to the crying todler lmfaooo
Timberwolves
No, no you cant.
often with leg/knee related injuries, it's the impact of landing that is felt far more than the initial force needed to jump
Ya i was shocked how vocal he was with the refs. Maybe Kyle rubbed off on him lol
IIRC it was the first two games since a lowry injury Grueling stuff lol but we beat the lakers🤷‍♂️
Was just watching Kawhi's 40 something points in 3 quarters and seeing Ballmers's smug face just pisses me off. Im ranting but i hate how that organization acts like just because they tampered their way to two top 10 players they have championship pedigree. Make the conference finals before you act like youre better than everybody Ballmer
Pace slows down in the playoffs and philly's is the biggest team in the league. It will wear you down
From winning titles duh
His last playoff run was better than any of steph's Dominated both sides of the ball
well mccaw played 7 minutes too much this quarter
Most laker fans and raptor fans just want to see you guys fail That's two of the biggest r/nba fanbases When Kawhi destroys everybody in the playoffs people will shut up lol
lmfao how can you nonchalantly put up a brick that bad? Dude looked natural firing the ball halfway up the backboard
mans reading a book at a basketball game smh
The fact this looks routine is the scary bit
bawling rn, it's finally sinking in...
Kobe's really gone man fuck...
Today does seem much worse. Shock is starting to wear off and we're left with sadness
Same i havent cried in a while and ive been breaking down all day
that game left people with so much awe inspiring wonder if it was even possible to have any more for the guy.
umm this is a thing now... ok
Bro pascal siakam is about to make an all nba team...
make sure your secondary building edit bind is scroll wheel as well as reset edit
they are at capacity watch a live stream
flintlock
it was never real in the first place. Just leverage for the clippers to feel the heat
thats nice and all but you are delusional if you'd rather have any of those three to take the final shot over Kawhi. This stat has no context.... superstars like Kawhi can get off any type of shot they like (fadeaway, post up, step back etc). For this reason they are forced to take tougher shots at a higher volume in clutch situations. Guys like Kyle and Fred take shots in the clutch that present themselves as opportunities. They are not required to create nothing out of something nearly as often as a superstar tier player.
i am a raptor fan
