But elephants don't drink gas ??!?
Looks like Canada needs some freedom ...
Or maybe it was just too much shit to move every day so they just leave it outside
Can't commit crimes if everyone is in prison _\*taps side of the head\*_
&gt; The closest European countries are Austraia Only 6 words but so much failure ...
Reminds me of that one time when I went to work on my car at 9am and when I was done I was shocked when I realized it was already 5pm. I also hadn't eaten anything that day but I was never hungry during that time ...
Droitisation dans 3 ..
C'est vrai, à la frontière il y a des coins avec une bonne vue sur l'Alsace
Unrelated, but the pic in the news article looks like Trump was divided into 2 separate people
You mix it with booze
[OMG IT FUCKING IS !](/yam)
&gt; I'm a sex worker wtf is that eve ... &gt;(whore) Oh ...
Hot women
I don't think there are spanish for sale signs in India ...
Ironically 23249423 is also a prime number
50% d'air, donc moins de calories ...
Moi aussi ça m'est arrivé, j'ai perdu 4kg quand j'avais la gastro-grippe. J'avais decidé de ne rien manger du tout pour éviter d'aller aux chiottes toutes les 30 min. Grâce au mal de ventre, je n'avais pas ressenti la faim et je pouvais rester au lit et mourir tranquilement ...
Conforama.fr But you can also rent a van from e.leclerc or any car rental agency for 30-40€/day
That's exactly what my cat does. Usually I know when she's faking it because the meowing is not as passionate as when she's really hungry but sometimes I get fooled and she lets me know by only eating half the bowl ...
Get your depression treated first because moving to another country is already stressful and difficult enough without depression and you might lose even more blood...
This isn't how I remember highschool ... There wasn't any flashing, only 2-3 people from every class used to smoke and the fluency in english was almost 0, but I guess that's the consequence of the spread of the internet ...
&gt; Foot féminin Je ne m'exprime pas sur le sujet pour ne pas dépeupler r/feminisme
Mais dans quel sens ?
Tu prends celui qui a la meilleure connection internet
Ça va pas mal, j'ai eu une belle augmentation, je n'ai quasiment pas de boulot en ce moment, il fait pas trop froid, le soleil brille et j'ai eu beaucoup de chocolat, du coup je pense bientôt faire un autre giveaway sur le FL ...
Je serais interessé par Dead Rising 2 s'il est encore dispo
Je serais interessé par GRAV s'il est encore dispo
That socks
Yes, if you photoshop Geralts face on him, he kinda looks like him
2ème étape : remplacer les flèches de vote par les drapeaux du Haut-Rhin et du Bas-Rhin
Don't forget the programmer. An open hatch should at least open an error message with a "Nope !" sound when you press the "Dive" button ...
Normalement tu peux activer/désactiver les mandats de prélèvement sepa via l'ebanking. Si je me souviens bien, tu as le droit à 1 paiement non effectué avant de perdre le droit à la mensualisation et la somme manquante sera additionnée à la prochaine mensualité...
Bienvenu au chômage
Ni des jambons
I'm not talking about a self piloting submarine, but the submarine equivalent of a seatbelt warning light. I don't know much about submarines but if they can fit an nuclear reactor in it, a latch with a simple contact sensor that you'll find in every microwave oven doesn't seem to be a huge PITA to design ...
Echecs 4d
It's not the US
He just wanted a computer to look at dank memes
He fired himself
Cars like this usually get shipped to Africa and running the VIN only works if you know that there's a car in a container and no, customs can't inspect every one of the millions of containers going through the port every year, that's how smuggling works : you don't declare illegal goods and hope nobody notices ...
!!! Possible spoilers !!! I was already disappointed by TFA's "Let's destroy another death star !" and the girl-finds-lightsaber-and-beats-equally-talented-guy-with-years-of-jedi-and-sith-training, so I got really mad when they started force texting in TLJ because with all the "I want to know my parents" talk, it seemed like they were related and I thought "Oh, no they didn't ...". I was relieved when Kylo said her parents were just scrap metal scavenging nobodies but then I realized the ending was just a copypaste of the battle of Hoth. There used to be twists and turns in the Star Wars movies, but now the most surprising thing in TLJ is Luke squeezing an alien tit. The sequel trilogy is really starting to become the Star Wars equivalent of Indiana Jones 4 and I have 0 expectations for episode 9 ... On the other hand, I quite enjoyed Rogue one and if they can include how Han met Chewie, got the Millenium Falcon, the 12 Parsec Kessel run and maybe some kind of Han shot first joke in Solo : A Star Wars Story, I think it can only be awesome. Another cool idea I just had would be Han and Chewie accidentally starting the trade dispute we see in episode 1. There's just so much creative potential that it's almost impossible to fuck up ...
Donc tes cauchemars se réalisent aussi ?
✓ pédales ✓ roues ✓ guidon ✓ selle Résultat : 4/4, c'est un bon vélo
X pédales ✓ roues ✓ guidon ✓ selle Résultat : 3/4, c'est un bon vélo mais avec quelques lacunes
La photo a été refletée pour essayer de cacher le fait que c'est le conducteur de la voiture qui l'a prise avec son portable tout en conduisant sa voiture ...
Probably some sexy loli game
Vas-y, peut-être je vais même t'embaucher
Too soon
How long did he grind to reach lvl 100 ?
Wait, what ? Didn't you do the standard procedure by coming in with a marching band to hand in your notice, shitting on your boss' desk and saying "Fuck you !" to everyone you encounter ?
That's a claim I hear every now and then and whenever someone says that, it's a telltale sign that this person is incredibly stupid. It's just like saying that the engine is the only thing in that makes your car drive. Guess what happens when the steering wheel or the axle breaks ? A single guy saving 5 cents off the purchase price off 10 million usb cables will make more money for the company than 10 people in a store selling 100 cables/month each. It goes both ways though since you can't make a sale without anyone in your store. A company is like a chain, if only one link breaks, the whole thing becomes useless
My fiesta can deactivate all 4 cylinders when not needed
How much gas did you use to burn it down ?
&gt; you point out the most obvious possible thing I felt compelled to do so after reading all the BS you wrote
La police qui va se donner des PV a elle-même ? C'est un plan infaillible ...
It's nothing to brag about but at the same time I don't see how reading books is better for you than reading stuff on reddit or other websites ... Somehow it's implied that reading books makes you smarter but unless you're reading dictionaries and technical books, you're just reading stories which isn't really different from watching tv ...
Un truc similaire m'est arrivé : j'ai dû indiquer mon numéro de carte de crédit, le cryptogramme, mon nom et la date d'expiration sur un site d'e-commerce. Le site m'avait l'air sérieux et l'édriseur était vraiment pas cher pour un modèle à 300 Watt alors j'ai tout rempli et je l'ai acheté, mais avec le recul je me demande si je ne me suis pas fait avoir ... Voici [le site](https://www.amazon.fr/) en question, vous en pensez quoi ? Est-ce que je dois appeler ma banque et faire opposition ?
&gt;Prise d'image &gt;Tarif : 200 € par jour pour filmer vos événements, ... 200€/(24h x 60min x 60s x 24p) = 0.009645061 cents/photo Ma logique est sans failles
Poland : tak ?
No, only a supermassive black hole would be able to swallow OP's mom even though it might die by doing so ...
Il faut bien un responsable photocopie et café
Get out of my chair, walk 2 meters and exit the building
Then you stand up and fall on the floor because you've lost all feeling in your legs
Because Saxony has a population of around 4 million
Seriously I hope she gets the same punishment
Dude, YOU told her to have fun
But how much of it is actually inhabited ? Alaska and the western half (minus the west coast) are practically empty ...
Yes, only 1 race. Only humans, not lizard people, they don't exist ha^ha^^ha^^^ha
Job security, free food, free housing, no taxes, not having to do things like grocery shopping unless it's your job and a huge community of people with the same background as you, slavery sounds awesome tbh ...
The answer is canibalism
I think the difference is that hearing aides (with an e) are a prosthesis and the antenna is actually an add-on, giving its user another sense ...
IL FAUT TROUVER LA SOLUTION FINALE !
Never give up your dream, work hard and with a little bit of luck, one day you could be the guy mowing the lawn
I cut a kaiser roll with a bread knife in half. I was holding it with my other hand and cut into the base of 3 of my fingers ...
Il faut créer un personnage comme Ebola chan mais qui représente l'Europe/la France et faire du cosplay
J'achète tout mes vêtements une fois arrivé à destination. Emmener des habits en vacances c'est plutôt un truc de classe ouvrière/classe moyenne ...
Moi aussi je me suis dis "putain c'est pas possible, il y a des gens ici qui utilisent encore des portables a clapet"...
C'est dur à expliquer, mais essaye d'imiter quelqu'un qui parle français avec un fort accent anglais, sauf que tu parles anglais
La dénonciation serait le dernier recours, une vache ça se trait avant de l'abattre...
??? On a les Vosges à l'ouest, la forêt noire à l'est et le Jura au sud qui se prennent toute la pluie pendant qu'on profite du soleil ...
I pop my back a lot, this is how I do it : \- sit on a chair with a low back rest, put your hands on the back rest and press your spine against the edge of the back rest. Try it on different heights to pop different parts of your upper back. Alternatively, you can use the back of the chair to twist. \- on an office chair, you can lift yourself up and against the back of the chair. \- stand in a doorway and push your back against it. \- lie down on your back, angle your knees and then turn your hip while keeping your upper back on the ground \- lie down on your back, make a right angle with your legs and push your upper body away from your hips by pushing on your thighs \- as you're leaving a room, suddenly remember something you forgot and make a fast turn in order to go back
Try to drink tap water or water from a bottle instead of the water in your toilet
Is that what your mom told you ?
Je prends ma douche le 15 du mois. Si c'est un weekend, je me douche le matin, sinon c'est le soir en rentrant du boulot ...
L'odeur au boulot te dérange-t-elle ? Est-ce que tu aimes le café ?
Hmmm ... qqch qqch couteau fusillade
Moi c'est ma grand-mère qui me dit ça tout le temps. Bon, elle est démente et me confond souvent avec mon oncle mais ça fait quand même plaisir ...
Dried cocoa beans get delivered in big bags. Then they get ground up and sugar and powdered milk is added. The mass is then ground even finer, heated and stirred to make it smooth and after some time, it's put into the forms which then have to cool down in a certain way in order for the chocolate to crystalize the right way. Also, I can confirm that the canadian Walmart's Great Value chocolate is really produced in Switzerland, that doesn't mean it's particularly good though ... Source : I work in a chocolate factory
More like mandatory useless military service bored
En général ça veut dire que tu as deja l'adsl/vdsl et que ta commune n'est pas prioritaire pour la fibre...
&gt; and Albanians overall are probably the most pro-EU people in the world. 😁 I wonder why 😁
I'm at 1500, most of them are trash that I got for free, some of them are playworthy games I got for free or cheaply from humble and a few are games I've actually bought, mostly when they were on sale ...
Whaddya gonna do if someone trespasses ?
Not really a scam but you pay them money for their products and they then donate part of their revenue to charity. You can't claim it because technically you didn't donate anything to charity, humble did.
After this debacle, people will look at Boruto differently and he might become a bit of an outcast, just like Naruto was and this could give him the motivation to become stronger and actually put some hard work into his dream of becoming stronger ...
Ayahuasca
It's like the Pentagon, but in HD
Unfortunately, Dubrovnik's become too touristy. The locals flee the city since it's invaded by tourists during summer and in the off season, the town is deserted ...
Third time's the charm, now everyone speaks german and is on time
Yes, but the ISO/IEC/IEEE 29119 standard has evolved and is now obsolete
They should've fed it with 4chan posts to make it truly evil ...
True, but nowhere did I write anything about length ...
When your heavy metal is too heavy
They use dead/weakened autistic viruses in the new vaccines so that the kids don't become autistic anymore
+1, fire her
Yeah, I'd rather watch boxing or mma
Reading the title, it made me wonder if real life is just a video game. Let's say that you're playing as a bacteria and your goal is to gather as much dna as possible to spend it on skills and upgrades to fight other bacteria and the host's immune system. When you reach lvl 99, you become an antibiotic resistant superbug that is so deadly that it kills all of its hosts and therefore itself since there will be nobody left to infect ...
Average number of steps per day x 365 x 1$ x (life expectancy - current age) = ~$200,000,00 If I'd include the interest that would accrue over time and subtract my theoretical spending, I'd leave like $25 million behind when I die ...
Cool, now the US can be humiliated at home
This is a thing. A neighbor lived in an old factory building which was converted to an apartment (no, not a loft). He let us use his toilet while ours was being renovated and he had a "poop shredder" that you had to activate before flushing because the piping was too small or something ...
The company I work for does the same and has switched suppliers because of the trade war. Former US goods worth several millions are now sourced from elsewhere and the biggest benefactors are Canada, South America and China ...
The others all have standard looks, they look like they could be clones of some other people. Only Ed Helms and Jeremy Renner (which hides behind his sunglasses) have unique faces and that's why she only recognized one "A-list" celebrity ...
Fully powered by renewable energy !
Kölln Blütenzarte Haferflocken + Cranberries + Milch, mehr brauchts nicht
Essaye avec une lettre normale ...
BUILD
Yes, they are 4 dimensional creatures
Gallardo agrees
&gt; je comprend d'ou il vient Aïe, ça fait mal aux yeux !
[X]UPSET
In my case I don't think India was mentioned even once in school
Nobody cares
&gt; They just don’t have the immigration numbers to reduce the gap. Yeah, but at the same time corporations will go out of their way to avoid hiring part of the population because of their Buraku origins ...
$180 spent on steam + around $100 on other sites and I have 1.4k games in my account. That's 22 ct per game, not that bad ...
It was probably some cheap russian cheese, this shit is expensive in Switzerland and I don't think they could bring it past border control/airport security...
SK are like : Why use the chance to easily put the ball just a few meters away from the goal when you can just make a short corner and lose the ball without the chance of scoring a goal ?
Can confirm, it's a bowl
Come on Tsubasa, you can do it !
-1x-1=1
&gt; They also had German brunch What is that ?
I'm fluent in french and it definitely helped me a lot since a lot of the words are very similar so when you see a word which you don't know, like ieri for example, you can easily deduce its meaning since the french equivalent (hier) is very similar ... While french helped me to a great degree, it is still quite different from spanish and italian. They are almost mutually intelegible and it's totally possible for a spanish speaker to become fluent in italian in a month, so if you know spanish, italian should be really easy for you and it will help you to some degree in french too ...
Yeah, no way you could afford that college tuition ...
&gt; pick your nose and eat it. Stop, my penis can only get so erect
Worse is when you sometimes notice a nice ass from behind and it's actually a dude with long hair -.-
Can't be a late bloomer If you never bloom
Modern art aka do what you want and call it art
And unit of measure
He's actually mining bitcoins now
Est-ce qu'il y des matheux qui pourraient m'aider à trouver la bonne formule pour calculer l'attractivité d'un jeu en prenant en compte la hauteur de la mise, le nombre de participants et la valeur du prix à gagner en sachant que chaque participant a la même chance de gagner (tirage au sort) ?
Ma dentiste m'offre toujours l'option phlébotomie par les gencives gratuitement parce qu'elle aime bien crocheter ...
La poitrine de la coiffeuse qui effleure mon épaule, c'est le seul truc qui me manque depuis que je me coupe les cheveux moi-même ...
Dans le fond je suis plutôt d'accord avec toi, mais l'argument de l'app pour éviter les blocages c'est pas très convaincant ...
D'accord, merci pour ton aide
Just cross the street
Germans don't riot, they always suppress their anger until they can't anymore and then it escalates into a world war ...
Paa de défilé chez moi (Sundgau aussi) mais on mangait toujours des manalas avec du chocolat chaud ...
Ils vont de toute façon mourir alors autant manger ce délicieux steak ...
Tu aurais du faire comme moi et pisser dans ton froc ...
Oui.
Ah, les problèmes de turbo, ça ne risque pas de m'arriver puisque je roule encore en atmo ... Ça va faire 3 ans que je n'ai pas eu de gros travaux à faire sur ma poubelle, juste un petit tuyau et la batterie à changer. J'espère juste qu'elle tiendra le coup jusqu'au printemps parce que j'ai vraiment pas envie de claquer du fric dans une bagnole qui va bientôt partir à la casse ...
I'd say a 7 on a good day but not enough to make up for my bad social skills
It doesn't matter what you write since nobody reads them consciously anyway, some people don't even read the email itself ...
J'ai entendu 2 de mes collègues en parler à la pause de midi, ils y croient dur comme fer. Ils sont gentils mais aussi très cons ...
&gt; La peine de mort est chere et immorale C'est pas vrai, pour 5€ tu as une vingtaine de balles de 9mm ...
C'est la que beaucoup de gens se radicalisent ...
If only ...
I've known about these kind of scripts since I automated some things with AHK on my own pc some time ago but my company pc is locked down and I can't install anything on it. Also for my case an excel based solution is just better fitting ...
Tu peux toujours tenter le coup du russe qui a fait signer un contrat à sa banque qui l'obligait à lui donner du fric gratuitement
Acheter un ... carton ??? Ça se trouve gratuitement un peu partout...
I don't think that people who sleep in their cars are responsible for the housing woes ...
On dit immigré parce que c'est un mot neutre et que ça évite de devoir utiliser des mots comme bougnoule ...
Hier, comme tout les soirs mon chat a miaulé pour que je le laisse sortir. Je lui ouvre donc la porte et il file au bas de l'escalier et la il s'arrête net, fixe le sol et soulève sa patte pour la secouer. Ce con à oublié que la neige c'est froid et que ça mouille les pattes ... Finalement il est quand même resté dehors toute la nuit parce qu'il n'y avait qu'une fine couche de 1 cm et puis il avait sûrement encore des trucs à faire ...
Pas besoin d'être "geek de X" pour pas se faire plumer, il suffit de se renseigner un minimum sur quelque chose que l'on veut s'acheter et puis comparer avant de passer à l'acte. Avec internet qui est omniprésent c'est devenu encore plus facile alors il n'y a vraiment pas d'excuses a part d'avoir des capacités mentales insuffisantes (ce qui est normal à partir d'un certain age)...
Wenn dein Vater auf Realismus aus ist, sollte er etwas sparsamer mit den Bäumen umgehen. Unter Brücken, über Tunneleinfahrten usw ... wirst du im RL aus gutem Grund keine Bäume finden, zudem sollten links und rechts der Gleise innerhalb von ca. 6m keine Bäume wachsen ...
Je me considère comme une personne qui se situe très haut dans la courbe de Gauss et que ce que je fais n'a rien d'exceptionnel et est à la portée de tout le monde, peut-être aussi de toi-même ...
Avec l'examinateur on était allé sur une route plus ou moins hors agglomération (impossible à determiner sans panneau) et j'avais pas vu le panneau avec la limitation de vitesse . Je me suis dit que de toute façon il n'y que 2 possibilités, soit 50, soit 90 km/h, alors qu'est-ce que j'ai fait ? Comme un con, je n'ai ni choisi l'un ni l'autre et j'ai pris la moyenne des 2, càd 70 km/h. Gros coup de chance, c'était une route limitée à 70 km/h ...
1. allgemein schlecht bezahlter Job 2. den ganzen Tag stehen 3. Kundenkontakt 4. Ständiger Kontakt mit Chemikalien und wenn du eine Allergie entwickelst dann ist das meistens das Ende deiner Karriere als HairstylistIn
No, they haven't reached the same level of civilization and it's unlikely that they ever will ...
All money is made from the misfortune of someone else
Le seul moyen qu'ils avaient pour vérifier une signature c'était de la comparer à celles des autres billets d'absence. J''ai donc contourné le système en signant tout moi-même depuis le début pour toujours avoir la même signature... Ça a super bien marché mais en même temps je n' en ai pas abusé non plus.
Connaître ≠ respecter
Une maladie limite le fonctionnement normal du corps. La grossesse en faisant partie, on ne peut pas la qualifier de maladie...
Et comment tu expliques que toute l'Alsace est bleue alors que plus au sud en Franche-Comté, la bande bleue à la frontière suisse est beaucoup plus mince ? Et les nettes différences de couleur à la frontière avec la Lorraine ? Les frontaliers font que les carrés bleus sont plus foncés, mais ils sont bleus même sans les frontaliers...
N'oublie pas les gens qui ont une voiture parce qu'elle n'est pas bondée, ne fait pas la grève tous les ans, n'a pas de retard et permet de dormir une demi heure de plus le matin. Après certains se demandent pourquoi les gens roulent en voiture alors que les transports publics sont moins chers et rejettent moins de Co2 ...
3 jours de plus et vous auriez pu économiser plein de fric ...
J'ai pas envie de me lever mais il y a un fdp de rayon de soleil qui passe à travers les volets et que je me prends en pleine gueule...
Your body doesn't deteriorate as fast as others = higher life expectancy. How are those 2 related to each other ? Can someone explain this to me ? I don't get it, it just doesn't make any sense to me ...
Ist dimension jump noch verfügbar ? Wenn ja : bitte, bitte !
Un sac de frappe pour te défouler
Je vous salue tous depuis mon lit
Tu as mis du fromage dans ton riz ? Bravo, tu as atteint le niveau 2 en cuisine !
Moi j'ai pensé être tranquille en cachant la rupture avec mon ex l'année dernière à mes collègues au boulot mais maintenant j'ai droit aux commentaires du genre : "Alors, les enfants ça sera pour quand ? Moi à ton âge j'étais déjà 2 fois papa" Ou l'autre con ultra religieux : "Tu veux pas la demander en mariage ? Allez, demande-lui, je suis sur que ça lui fera plaisir"
I am legend c'est mon fantasme secret
JOYEUX NOËL A TOI !
^^^^^^*Not to be used on public roads
&gt; she worked for C-17's and I worked fo the F-22's Military Romeo and Juliet
Funny shit
Quel modèle et quelle année ?
Tondeuse en mode très court puis rasage devant le mirroir
Sinon a part bouffer du foie gras, tu fais quoi en Autriche ?
&gt;J'aime autant rester vague (désolé) ??? Je comprends que l'on ne veuillle pas se faire doxxer, mais la t'abuses ... Je te donne une réponse vague alors : c'est probablement le cable de la pédale qui s'est rupturé mais puisque tu as trouvé un boulon, il n'est peut-être même pas cassé et il suffit de le rattacher à la pédale
Ah d'accord, au début je pensais que c'était peut-être pour apprendre l'allemand, mais dans ce cas l'Autriche n'aurait pas été mon premier choix ...
Je suis joie, car ce soir il y aura du chateaubriand à manger chez mes parents. Hier ma mère m'envoie chercher la viande qu'elle avait commandé auparavant. Arrivé au magasin, je me pointe donc au rayon boucherie, et la on me demande le ticket. Ticket que ma mère ne m'a pas donné. Je le précise donc mon nom de famille (plutôt rare) et le type de viande (filet de boeuf), le vendeur file à l'arrière-boutique et me rammène la proteine. Au moment de payer, je me dis que c'est pas possible, c'est pas cher du tout ... Dans la voiture, je décide de jeter un coup d'oeil sur le contenu au cas ou il y aurait eu une erreur et qu'on aurait mis autre chose dans ma commande mais à ma grande surprise, c'était bien du filet de boeuf ! Une fois arrivé à la maison, je vérifie encore le poids et la aussi tout colle ! Du coup j'aimerais remercier le groupe Carrefour d'avoir sponsorisé une grande partie de notre repas de Noël. Sinon pour le dessert ça sera du vacherin glacé aux fraises, je sens que je vais être diabétique l'année prochaine ...
Les Brunsli ont l'air bizarre, tu n'aurais pas oublié d'y mettre des amandes moulues ? Et puis doucement avec le kirsch 😉
Tu as déjà essayé de ne pas être un échec ambulant ?
Vin + chaleur = vin chaud
Pour ça il suffit de lire certains commentaires sur r/france
C'est peut-être du aux cartes cadeau reçues à noel ?
Je ne suis pas un sale noob, je n'utilise que les alt codes pour écrire donc je m'en balec du type de clavier ...
Les champignons qui poussent dans la sdb ça compte aussi ?
"un copin"
Bravo, tu es une personne normale qui a des opinions se trouvant sur la totalité de l'échiquier politique. Les gens 100% de droite ou de gauche sont pour moi une sorte de religieux qui adaptent la réalité en fonction de leurs croyances et qui rejettent tout ce qui va à l'encontre de leur idéologie ...
Cherche le manuel sur internet
Still a better idea than the us justice system
Didn't he already circumvent this once by "just" being prime minister and putting one of his puppets on the throne ?
This is bullshit, we've all seen pics of that house in the middle of the highway or the the one where they dug a huge hole all around it ...
Déjà la langue en elle-même est chelou (si la prononciation n'est pas 100% parfaite, ce que tu dis peut avoir une toute autre signification) et puis ensuite il y a encore l'écriture ou tu as un minimum de 3000 charactères à apprendre pour pouvoir lire le journal. Donc si c'est juste pour le fun, laisse tomber ...
Alors la c'est autre chose, le mieux c'est toujours de passer du temps dans le pays en question pour apprendre la langue ...
&gt; Elle est longue comment ? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Let me introduce you to the [cycle of life](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biological_life_cycle). Basically, you eat someone's shit
12/30, j'ai tout fait au pif sauf les 2-3 questions qui se portaient sur la ou j'habite ...
I'm not an expert as I've never been to an university, but I don't think a priest can "recommend" you to a good university ... Also Issoudun is a tiny town (almost a village) in the center of France (which is a place with low population density) that's not near anything interesting ...
Dis le moi si tu as aussi besoin de photos de sa copine
Ughh, now I have to look at sports cars for the rest of the da to get this image out of my head ...
Le S ne serait-il pas absent parce que ça désigne le domaine de la science (sans S à la fin) ? Et si on rajoute un S a science, ne faudrait-il pas également en rajouter un a économie, écologie etc. (d'ailleurs, ceux-ci ne font-ils pas partie des sciences ?) ?
#Javascript function CheckUPC(UPC){ UPC = ("00000000000" + UPC).slice(-11); var odd = []; var even = []; do{ odd.push(UPC.substring(0, 1)); even.push(UPC.substring(1,2)) } while( (UPC = UPC.substring(2, UPC.length)) != "" ); UPC = 10 - odd.reduce(function(total, num, ind){return (total + (num*3) + Number(even[ind]))} ,0) % 10; return UPC = UPC &lt; 10 ? UPC:0; }
You're on android, there's an app to map your buttons to whatever you like
Ça vient de la ville de Paris, c'est le design standard servant à afficher les noms de rue.
J'ai eu 10.27 au bac. Après le bac, j'ai fait plusieurs boulots dont préparateur de commandes dans une entreprise de vente de boissons. Dans cette même entreprise j'ai ensuite bossé au service expédition (plutôt tranquille comme boulot) puis à la réception des marchandises. Ensuite on m'a proposé un poste comme dispatcheur puisque je connaissais déjà bien les processus de l'entreprise. 3 ans après, les choses se compliquent suite à des changements dans l'hierarchie et je décide alors de changer d'employeur. Mon nouveau boulot est toujours dispatcheur mais en réalité je fais également plein d'autres trucs jusqu'à faire le remplacement de mon boss et du coup j'apprends beaucoup sur le fonctionnement de la partie logistique de l'entreprise, mais aussi la production, l'approvisionnement etc... Ça se passe bien jusqu'à ce que mon n+2 me convoque chez lui. Il m'annonce que mon boss va bientot prendre sa retraite et me demande si je voudrais reprendre son poste. Depuis je suis responsable d'entrepôt et je gagne très bien ma vie alors que je n'ai jamais rien branlé à l'école et révisé tous mes cours 5 min. avant chaque interro ...
Du coup c'est plutôt inadapté pour lutter contre l'insomnie, non ?
Je pense qu'ils viennent tous de Chine ...
If we can find and clone a 40k yo horse, could we find and clone a 40k yo human ?
So you hear it ...
I guess your experience of germanic food comes from beerfests and "german" restaurants in the US ?
So we can agree that the best food in England isn't english ?
Fun fact : the ladies on the right are only 40 years old
Yeah,there's always some thai/turkish/mexican/greek/whatever restaurant even in little towns. Also the italian restaurants were mostly opened by italian immigrants 50 years ago, so unlike in the US, you can get authentic italian food there. And yes, while germans are good at using potatoes and meats in every form, I haven't been to a restaurant that didn't have a few salads on their menu, my favourites are white cabbage mixed with carrots or plain lamb's lettuce ...
Imagine a group of people stranding in 2018 : \- OMG, my phone's dead because of all the fucking water - Wtf, why's there no signal here ? - Fuck you, I ain't attacking that seal, it looks scary af and it has sharp teeth ... - How are we supposed to make fire ? They'd be dead within 24 hours ...
GMT+1, it's still 2k18 for another 36 minutes
C'est comme pour les animaux, s'ils n'arrivent pas à se mettre debout rapidement après la naissance et suivre le troupeau, ils finissent dans l'estomac d'un lion ...
Faire l'effort d'améliorer sa situation
This. When ff's add-on signing broke, I had to browse the web without an ad blocker and it made me want to kill someone. It's the equivalent of going to an african brothel without having condoms ...
Well, now that you have an iPhone, you better get used to stuff like this...
How badly in shape everything was. The roads, cars, sidewalks, busses, subway, toilets, everything was old, dirty, dinged or broken. I'm from a country where everything's orderly and if it's old, it is well kept and clean and if the roads were as bumpy as they were in the US, the government would be getting murdered ...
At this point, the world should just isolate the US economically and let them figure out how to manufacture their shit themselves ...
Hier soir, mon pc s'éteint brusquement. Je pense d'abord à la panne de courant annuelle mais la douce odeur d'éléctronique grillé pointe plutôt vers un problème plus sérieux. Je retire donc l'alimentation et pour être sûr à 100%, je l'ouvre pour voir ce qui c'est passé. En fait ce n'est pas un condensateur qui a explosé, mais juste une petite résistance cms ... Rip BQT E8-700W, 8 ans c'est bien trop jeune pour mourir. Je décide donc de chercher un remplacement sur leboncoin. Quelles sont les chances que j'aperçoive la photo d'une alim pc dans la liste des nouvelles annonces de LBC, que le vendeur se trouve dans la campagne profonde dans le village voisin et qu'il ait mis l'annonce en ligne 1 minute avant que je vienne sur le site ? Et cerise sur le gâteau : elle n'a que 4 mois et coûte la moitié du prix neuf ...
Elle n'est populaire nulle part, ça fait au moins 3 ans que ça existe et j'ai dû chercher sur google pour savoir ce que c'est...
Tu es malade. Nanananère !
Pourtant c'est une excuse très souvent utilisée ...
Just put two fingers into the nostrils
Holy shit, the fish just disapears...
Change the plates and wear something that hides your face like sunglasses for example... The real problem is getting a new identity and finding a job. OP is probably from the US where things might be a bit different but in a functioning country, finding a "cash in hand" job is almost impossible and you need some form of id to stuff like buying a car and it's not some guy you know from work who's going to provide it for you... In the end, all that's needed to destroy the house of cards is a police stop where they check your identity and until that happens, you will become schizophrenic because of the constant fear of getting busted ...
I'd be doing the same if I had to live in England ...
Pff, les Vosges nous protègeront. Ici il y aura le beau temps et le soleil, la pluie et la tempête c'est pour la Lorraine...
Seulement s'il est servi sur une tranche de toast aux bords coupés ...
C'est pas intéressant quand on sait que l'équipe amateure de mon patelin est plus forte que les futurs championnes du monde...
Under his reign, the canal du Midi was built which meant that you could now go from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean by boat through France ...
And that's also why women are much less interesting than men
How do you get -3 parents ?
Well. yes some people are necrophiliac ...
ITT : contradictory statements because every recruiter has different standards ...
Teach me your ways, oh wise one.
C'est pas un parfum, mais je trouve les pastilles La Vosgienne à la séve de pin excellentes ...
Quoi la baise ? 50 Mbps je les avait avec le vdsl en métropole ...
It's not marriage per se, but rather the laws surrounding it. It all made sense when women were all stay at home moms with 3-5 children to take care of and the family was able to entirely live off the man's income. If the man would leave, the family was basically fucked because the woman most probably wouldn't have been able to find a job. My grandmother grew up in an orphanage because her mother got pregnant with her and her boyfriend left her, so she chose to give her away. She had no chance of raising her alone because back then having a kid without being married wasn't socially acceptable and there was no social net to catch you ... Anyway, nowadays women don't have these disadvantages anymore, so men are now actually discriminated against because the laws regarding mariage and divorce are still reflecting the gender roles from 50+ years ago ...
Just vibrate the pain away
Sorry, but regularly waking up at 3.30 am would literally kill me...
Not this stuff again ... We don't think about our friend Marc and if he's going to be happy with his new gf that we've never met or if the color of this one guy's shirt is more like salmon or red coral. We don't think about where in our house we could put the cute vase we saw on pinterest and how it would look like next to the other useless shit we already have. We also don't feel the urge to kill our coworker because she asked if our pants were size 30 when in reality they are a size 28 etc ... We might have thoughts like "It's sunny outside, maybe I should put some steaks on the grill for dinner" or we're excited for the big game tonight but we can't and frankly don't want to talk an hour about this stuff because we are just being content with life most of the time and enjoy the moment without having to explain our thought process all the time. So, please for the sake of our sanity, just accept it when we say "Nothing, babe" ...
The new grille is way too big and its placement just seems wrong. Now I associate the car more with a F150 than the classy, elegant cars bmw made up until now ...
Just buy underwear that hold your balls in place, it's really not that difficult ...
Words, and you ?
The radio station I listen to during my commute asked them why they were protesting and it was basically these 2 arguments : - "women don't get paid the same" : well, then work the same, men for example wouldn't miss a day of work for some bs reason... - "I want to be taken seriously" : how do you expect to be taken seriously when everything you do is based on your inconsistent hormone levels and feelings instead of logic and facts ? Some women from my company didn't show up but strangely enough there were no negative effects ...
Guys, can you please recommend a good online store for ghb ? My reserve is dwindling fast since my usual drug dealer got arrested and I don't want to stop the raping as I'm very passionate about it and it's the only way I can get some exercise ...
Exactly, collecting mugs isn't a hobby because there's an infinite amount of mugs with different designs out there, it's just a coping mechanism ...
A flight away ? More like a phone call away and it's also cheaper than being in a relationship ...
While it's true that there's a lot of chemicals from plastics in the environment acting like female hormones, the gender role changes in the last 50 years is what's really fucking up society. Have you ever wondered why societies all over the world were historically all organized as patriarchies (yes, I know about that one village in China) ? It's because the only way for advanced societies to form is to limit the influence of female craziness and ever since feminism started, we've been going downhill and it's only going to become worse until everything explodes ...
Curves only make sense on a woman
Rich ? Because they are well dressed ?
It's just people trying to push the agenda of the highest bidder
What you described there is basically 2 variables that change their value over time and I fail to see why digital computers can't run an algorithm that constantly changes the value of 2 variables. And if their value can't be calculated by an algorithm, it is basically a random value that would make any product involving A or B a random number itself and therefore making the whole calculation pretty much unnecessary ... Granted, computers can't generate a truly random value directly, but this can either be emulated (like with a prng used in every programming language) or circumvented pretty easily (i.e. Cloudflare's lava lamps)
All people
Used shoes, what a great idea !
It's not only the blades, if you buy cheap, shitty clippers, they will suck anyway.
Pas à Paris, après 50m tu te ferais rattraper par le conducteur et puis tu risques quand même 3 ans de taule et 45k€ ...
Pour les arabes je suis d'accord mais la ça va trop loin ...
Rien que de lire les sujets me donne la gerbe ... Jean-Michel Blanquer, redonnez-moi tout ce temps perdu !
Pourquoi c'est étrange ? D'un point de vue légal, c'est pas interdit et c'est aux parents de savoir si leur enfant a atteint un niveau de maturité suffisant, ce qui peut très bien être le cas à 10 ans. Et puis je ne vois pas trop à quoi cela servirait de réveiller un enfant tôt le matin pour qu'il se rendort ensuite ...
Non, parce que après le réveil, je serais en mode zombie pour le reste de la journée. La seule exception c'est quand je sens que je deviens malade, je prends un cachet et je me laisse tomber dans mon lit dès que je suis rentré du boulot. Dans ce cas, je me réveille vers 19h, je fais ce que j'ai a faire puis re-dodo. Le lendemain au réveil, il y a 50% de chance que ma barre de santé est à nouveau pleine ...
.- . _ .: ` " - . _ \ :: ` ""--..__ . . . : : : `\ :: :' ` _ _ ""--..__ ......_._._:.:.: " " " " " " `\.:: :' " " " - ----.....___ ""-##.____...:::"""""""""""" : : :' "::":"-----......______ ." ""--..__ . .:'.: """"""-----. . . _ _ _ /.""--.._ ""--..__ : .:'. : " " " /' .: ":-.._ ""--..__ .:'. : `-._:__.-" ""-.._ ""--...___..:'. : .: /.""-..__...---""-.'"-:"--.:_ " : .' ::""-."";. :_ : :: ":: `-. :::::.._ '-._ :: :: `. : """:::::.._ "''-._ :: : : "":::::.._ "': : `. """:::::-:_ : :. """::::::... : ..__..--"" ". . """:::::: ""--..__ :.--"" ": ""-+:=:_ ("-: : ""--.._ []' : :""--..___..--" : : ""--..__ : ""--.:_ ""--..__.-
Toujours 2 fois, comme ça si ma performance décline avec l'âge, je serais quand même à 1x/jour ...
&gt;but it is working out. For now, never forget that ...
The red card means instant exclusion from the current game and up to the 4 next games (if it was really serious foul, but usually it's only like 1 or 2 games). The first yellow card is a warning and when you get a second one, you also get the red card. The red card is in the ref's back pocket and the yellow is in his chest pocket, that's all you have to know ...
Correct ! And you win : A HAPPY LIFE WITH A COMFORTABLE AMOUNT OF MONEY !!!!
But where ~~has chivalry~~ have the simps gone ?
It's not only Islam, ask yourself why patriarchy is the standard all over the world. The answer is simple : if women were in charge, advanced societies wouldn't be possible
Because fat men usually know that they're fat and they genuinely don't care instead of promoting an unhealthy lifestyle in order to not feel bad ...
He might actually own the bathroom, but the rest of the house belongs to the bank. When he's getting back from deployment, she will own half of it and the bank will own the other half. He then has to pay her in order for her to buy the other half from the bank ..
First of all, you don't join the military if you have a bright future ahead of you which means their intelligence base level is already lower than average. Then, during training, good like independent thinking gets shouted out of the recruit's brains and replaced by other things that are more useful to the military like blindly following orders, reflexes and automatisms. When these people get released back into society, you can't expect them to forget their training and be normal again, they'll just do "what they have to do" without critical thinking. If others experience failure, it has to be because of their own fault because that's how it was in the military : if you fuck up, you get punished, hence if you get punished, it's because you did something wrong and of course it won't happen to them ...
Les couteaux c'est comme le fromage, c'est mieux quand c'est suisse
Yes, how could you expect a strong, independent woman to to basic household chores in return for having a roof over her head ? You experienced marriage without all the sex (🤣)
Lol what ? He already competed with you and won (a shitty prize, but he won nonetheless). Oh, and everyone except north koreans can get to another country, it's not something special ...
&gt; mama didn't raise no full ... sentence maker, thus making his statement true. OP is actually a real genius
Low confidence, maybe stemming from having a tiny dick
Toi tu t'es fait pêter le nez mais un autre a peut-être rassemblé ses potes et ils l'ont chopé dans la rue. Souvent ce genre de choses n'arrive pas sans raison ...
Peut-être que tu devrais "t'inspirer" de vraies rubriques dans de vrais magazines...
Don't let your height stop you from being the best version of yourself. Remember Messi is the best football player in the world even though he's short ...
That would only make sense if it was actually violating Iran's airspace ...
&gt;Plenty atheists will do the right thing for the wrong reasons. Money, social standing, attention, personal pride, career advantages, and so on. Same as religious people, atheists just don't have any religion they can use to justify their actions ...
Trump : "Must've been Iran"
Enzo = le nouveau Kévin ?
Au taf j'ai accès à l'entrepôt frigo, j'ai hâte de voir quel effet ça me fait de passer de -30°C à 40°C...
Another post-feminism society
Probably a case of "creepy", overweight, older guys trying to sexually harass her vs cute coworker flirting with her. Remember, the difference is entirely subjective and is depending on looks, money and/or power ...
Wut ? Maybe you can enlighten me on why you'd want to to hide your drone from the radar if it's not flying in enemy airspace ? No need to be a military expert, just use your brain for basic logical thinking instead of conspiracy theories ...
This one's ripe for the blubber harvest
It's better to give them a sip when they're young than to completely keep it away from them. This way, they'll know that it's something they don't like and won't be fantasizing about in their teens ...
Yeah, but saving money just for the sake of it shouldn't be your goal. You can't take your money with you to the graveyard, you need to have a project, like buying a house to flip or rent out etc ...
I just lie down, face up and pee and shower at the same time. Pros : saves water and the water is instantly warm Cons: none
While reading your story, I thought about what I'd say to her and this went through my mind : "nobody should have to handle you". Then I read your response which was basically the same which made me smile because it means being mgtow is just natural for men once they've broken through the lifelong brain washing ... Also what makes me mad is when people tell you that your opinions are worthless simply because they are older than you so they must know better because of experience even though they're stupid and can't do simple computer stuff ...
Guys, I think we've met our God. I'm starting to think that we should actually promote feminism and turn everything upside down like this guy did ...
As do the originals ... The joystick is badly designed and will eventually fail after some time. A couple of years ago I found a guy on a forum that made little replacement kits with modern components that won't wear down as easily as the original but I don't think he's still selling them ...
Et les maisons n'étaient même pas encore peintes
Bande de fous, dès que la température tourne autour des 13-14°C la nuit, je dors en boxer et au-delà de 19-20°C, il me faut un ventilateur pour pouvoir m'endormir ...
And the other 20% was greatly exaggerated (eg. "He shot me")
Either way he's stupid, he shouldn't have sent her unmarked shots in the first place ...
Didn't even read the article, her face says it all ...
&gt;l'eau qui fond La, physiquement, je dirai non
Attention, physique avancée : Vapeur s'évapore ⬆️ ⬇️ condense Eau fond ⬆️ ⬇️ gèle Glace
Forcing someone with misophonia to face his trigger sounds is a good way to make that person go postal ...
Maybe her interest is having him fired to get that promotion she feels she deserves. Always be careful when a women is nice to you ...
Earn a lot of money and don't spend money, got it. I would've done this too if I knew how easy it was ...
It used to be only really hot for a week or two per year so there wasn't really any reason to invest and maintain an aircon for such a short period of heat. Also houses here aren't built like in the US where you can just tear down a wall made of plywood, put some ducts in the empty space and close it again. Here you need to drill holes in stone/concrete walls and there's no space to hide stuff so it's neither easy nor cheap to retrofit a house. Now with climate change and new temperature records every summer, things are starting to change though ...
Lol, make her quit and then leave her
Focussing on yourself isn't being selfish. Remember, you're part of society and if you get better, society also gets better ...
Let me guess, Dan the manager is gay and a gay activist ?
It's over China, you can't buil your secret ship now, it is already patented !
Bad Moon Rising - Creedence Clearwater Revival
Bruh
"More where this came from" Looks like a whole tray isn't enough to feed the beast ...
It's the easiest thing ever. Idk how you can't get this on the first try, just do what the tutorial says ...
And it's always "a lesson he's learning". I think after so much learning, you should know some things but he just keeps making the same mistakes over and over ...
Ça sent le directeur d'agence qui a déjà des difficultés et qui part en vendetta contre quelqu'un qui a osé rendre public son incompétence ...
Ça expliquerait pourquoi elle ne veut pas qu'ils se font des bisous ...
\*Regarde attentivement l'Allemagne\*
Il faut bien des femmes et hommes de réconfort à l'armée. Pourquoi pas faire d'une pierre deux coups ?
Il est où le monument aux morts de r/france ? Ton nom devrait y figurer ...
Encore un problème que je n'ai pas parce que je ne bois pas de café ...
You'd think they would have a little cart or something in their truck for boxes that can't be held in the hands ...
A good way to get executed for sorcery
C'est pas du tout ce que j'ai dit et appeler les femmes de réconfort des prostituées c'est insulter les victimes d'esclavage sexuel ...
Je vois que tu as fait connaissance avec la "woke culture". Malheureusement ça se répand de plus en plus et les gens cherchent à être offusqués pour pouvoir afficher leur soi-disant supériorité morale ...
Thanks, I wanted to buy one but now I'm cancelling my order
4d chess
Um die 4.50€ in SW BW
[Peter Schilling - Major Tom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoW4Vw4XGAs&amp;t=210s) [EAV - Burli](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIbXDlyKHiE) [Falco](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=falco )
&gt;Je me suis inscrit sur Tinder pour trouver du sérieux Eh ben, j'espère que tu fait partie des 20% des gars sur tinder qui se partagent 80% des likes. Bonne chance ...
Oui, j'essaie d'éviter les produits Nestlé
D'après mon expérience, les salaires montent en fonction de l'économie. En tout cas la ou je bosse, le chef tient toujours un discours en fin d'année et s'il n'y a pas d'augmentations, c'est toujours à cause de "la situation économique difficile" et pas parce que la vie n'est pas devenue plus chère ...
Tu ne rates pas grand chose ...
Same as my great grandma, she raised 4 kids all by herself and was still collecting apples from trees and chopping firewood in her 90s. She lived to 105 and now my grandma seems to be on the same track, she's 95, still walking all by herself and mentally fit. I'm 30 now, still looking young and there's no sign of hair loss (something that affected my father and every uncle I have) so I like to think that I inherited some of the good genes ...
All males in both sides of my family have hair loss. I'm now 30 and starting to wonder if it'll happen to me too. Am I doomed or could I still be lucky ?
http://www.slate.fr/story/91305/villes-femmes-hommes-celibataires
Par contre on dit Stras, le -bourg est muet
&gt;You do realize that he could have insurance AND play the lotto, right? I never said otherwise ... Also playing lotto is a losing game for 99.9999...% of people and wasting your money with a chance like that when you've "lost all of your worldly possessions" just adds to the "Not smart" evidence pile ... &gt;It takes time (and money) to get the pay out from insurance, and get a new place when a LOT of other people are also searching for a new home... and you've still lost all that other stuff. True, but is waiting some time to get paid and find a new place somehow worse than not getting paid at all and still having to wait (even longer and possibly forever since you don't have any money) to find a new place to live ? What's your point ?
You do realize that &gt;a ferocious bushfire late last year means that his house burned down just recently (last year = 2019) ?
A bathroom with 2 doors to lock/unlock every time you need to go to the toilet, what a nice idea ! They also already have the exact amount and size of the paintings they're going to hang on their rotting wall on that plan, maybe the next video will be them watching Bob Ross and painting their paintings for another instant life upgrade ?
If it's a guy doing the exact same thing, he's being a dick, but if it's a girl, ofc she's "just flirting" ...
Handing something to someone, only to jerk it away just when they want to grab it
It's a small price to pay to have some peace of mind ...
&gt;32K Non merci
P5 aka TS4 aka PL4 (1.2 mm)
0/10, Häckchen sind nicht blau
Wieder mal so ein Lifehack für ganz dumme ... Einfach einen kurzen Blick in den Rückspiegel werfen und gut ist ...
Der Mann war über 90 Jahre alt, er wäre so oder so ungeschoren davongekommen. Die Anklage wurde wohl kaum in Erwartung an eine gerechte Strafe erhoben, dabei ging es eher darum ein Zeichen zu setzen ...
My oma is 95 years old and still writes like this. It's slow to read but still legible and the more time you spend reading it, the easier it gets. I got used to it by reading the cards I get from her on my birthdays and on christmas
Vielleicht solltest du das Ganze zum Anlass nehmen und deine Freizeitplanung etwas überdenken. War es das Saufen wert dass du dich danach scheisse fühlst und deine Sachen weg sind ? Gib dein Geld statt für Alk doch für ein Hobby aus dass dir etwas bringt statt dich zu vergiften ...
If the US had a normal person as their president, this guy would've probably thought "Nah, that must be a false alarm, they wouldn't be so stupid and launch a missile to Iran" ...
Kurzfristig mag es ja helfen ein Pflaster auf den Hautkrebs zu kleben um das Geschwür zu verstecken, aber auf lange Sicht sollte man halt schon eine Operation/Strahlentherapie in Erwägung ziehen ... Aber es tut mir Leid dass ich keine der vorher festgelegten akzeptablen Antworten benutzt habe und beuge mich hiermit dem Gruppendruck und schreibe was alle anderen auch schreiben : OP, lass deine Karten sperren warte ein paar Tage und dann frag beim Fundbüro nach.
Autant apprendre le klingon, tu auras plus de chance de tomber sur quelqu'un qui maîtrise la langue ...
"C'est quoi ta marque de harissa préfèrée ?" "Tu prends tes kebabs épicés ou pas ?" "Est-ce que tu sais faire la différence entre cumin et carvi ?"
This is how the next avian flu is born
Humans are about 60% water, so it makes sense to use celsius ...
👏👏👏👏👏👏
Taiwan and Hong Kong need to do what Switzerland has done in the past. Switzerland is a tiny country with strategic importance and was always surrounded by huge empires and the reason why they weren't invaded isn't just because they are good at fighting but the fact that they'd rather press the self destruction button than allow themselves to get shafted. By doing so, the cost of invading them just isn't worth the potential gain and therefore they stayed safe and independent to this day ...
That's complete bs ... First of all, the richer a country is, the more interesting it becomes for a potential attacker. Also the importance of the banking sector is quite a recent development in the country's history. The swiss were such renowned fighters that everybody wanted to hire them for their wars and so they became very sought after mercenaries. Only the best mercenaries were good enough to guard the pope ... Regarding atrocities, unlike the US, there's still not a single wikipedia article about swiss war crimes despite the country being 3 times older than the US, but yeah, fuck the Swiss, right ?
&gt;5008 It's a car made for people who buy a car because it's big
Also why men are more interesting and funnier than women
I physically leave to go to my secret place where I can be alone and usually play on my phone or browse the internet. Sometimes I also lay down and take a nap until someone wants something from me and decides to call me. I did the math once and it turns out that I get paid about a day/month just for sleeping ...
Making sure their cars are fit for the average american customer
SKF VKBA 3455 wheel bearing because I ~~collect wheel bearings~~ my right wheel bearing is making noise and turning up the music doesn't fix the problem anymore so it got to go on the weekend.
Mais arrêtez donc, l'islam c'est la religion de la paix, donc ceux qui suivent le coran à la lettre sont tous des pacifistes, non ?
&gt;technological and socio-cultural U-turn Sounds like the good old "let the poor starve to death" strategy would be much easier to implement ...
Kill my 13 year old self to prove/disprove the grandfather paradox
Working. Part of why I'm good at it is because I hate it. Whatever I have to do, I always look for the most efficient way to do it so I have to spend as little time as possible working and don't have to spend more time later to fix or redo something ...
On attend donc toujours une bonne raison pour l'immigration ...
Accueillir des réfugiés d'un pays voisin en grande difficulté est tout à fait légitime. Accueillir des réfugiés en grande partie économiques et avec une éducation très basique qui payent des milliers d'euros pour traverser mers et continents c'est juste absurde. A part les problèmes de leurs pays de départ, ce genre d'immigrés ne nous apporte rien ... Les vraies victimes de la guerre n'ont pas non plus besoins de venir chez nous, il existe assez de pays stables avec une culture beaucoup plus similaire à la leur près de chez eux ou ils seront en sécurité ...
Pourtant il existe bien une piqûre définitive, mon chien l'a eu il y a quelques années ...
Aïe !
Not really, a lot of them actually think it sounds like when Swiss people speak high german with their swiss accent. Actually not even every SG speaker can understand every SG speaker as there are different dialects everywhere. Imagine living in Maryland and if you drive an hour away people in the same state speak like in the UK and another hour long drive away, people speak like the Scottish but you're still in Maryland with it's population of 6 million and size of 10k square miles.
Me too, I use them for meal prep
And most importantly we can give a proper name like swine flu or avian flu if we know where it comes from ...
du
&gt; Par contre j'ai pas sa conso réelle mais elle fait au grand minimum du 10L/100km en ville alors qu'il s'agit d'une petite voiture. Ca m'étonnerai, d'après [ce site](https://www.spritmonitor.de/fr/) le record de consommation pour un profil 100% ville se situe plutôt vers les 9l/100km et avec un profil plus varié, ça approche les 6l/100km. En vrai garder une vieille voiture est presque toujours plus ecolo que l'achat d'une nouvelle, même plus économique. Pourquoi pas donner l'argent que tu peux en tirer à la revente pour une bonne cause ? Je suis sûr qu'on pourrait planter pleins d'arbres ou preserver quelques m2 de forêt amazonienne avec cet argent ...
Yes, even though I think that it's useless most of the time but I don't want to risk paying 40 bucks in case I encounter some overzealous cop ...
Ich bin kein Allergiker und das ist mir scheissegal
Ou peut-être il faisait partie des gens normaux qui voulaient juste vivre leur vie tout en évitant un max de problèmes. A en entendre certains, on aurait eu en France soit 99% de résistants, soit 99% de collabos ...
Why are you wasting time on reddit instead of working on the new coronavirus ?
10 km à pied
Bah quand on est un adulte avec une consommation d'alcool responsable on n'a pas besoin de faire des challenges à la con créés par les perfides Albionais, donc non, je n'ai pas "réussi" ...
Peut-être que si les personnes de ta communauté arrêteraient de nous refiler de nouveaux virus de merde tout les 5 ans ça changerait ? On n'est pas 1 milliard, on n'a pas trop de marge alors il faut bien se protéger ...
Ich wohne an der Grenze zu DE und wollte den Leuten die in FR einkaufen nur mal sagen dass das Brot was man im Supermarkt findet Scheisse ist, dafür muss man nicht über die Grenze fahren. Geht dafür lieber in eine kleine Bäckerei (nur wenn "boulangerie" im Namen steht ist es kein Aufbackshop), kostet halt 20 ct mehr aber man isst nicht nur Luft ...
In Bavaria it's German
This is what my hand looks like after walking 6 miles ...
Da hast du aber Glück, normalerweise sollte die Grenze ab dem 15. wieder aufgehen ... Wo geht's denn hin ?
Ça manque de copeaux, on ne devrait plus voir de blanc. J'espère que tu as au moins mis du Kirsch ...
Je ne sais pas d'où ton copain vient mais ma famille est en partie originaire de la forêt noire et je n'y habite pas très loin et je n'en ai jamais vu qui n'en était pas recouverte à 100%. Il suffit de faire une recherche sur [google images](https://www.google.com/search?q=schwarzwälder+kirschtorte&amp;client=ms-android-xiaomi-rev1&amp;prmd=ivmn&amp;sxsrf=ALeKk02Y7pMpUt195_sXqu0ije6BfNZ4MA:1591053981704&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwiWi5f74eHpAhU4UxUIHQqgD18Q_AUoAXoECBQQAQ&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=589&amp;dpr=2) pour voir à quoi ça ressemble en vrai. En ce qui concerne son oncle, même les professionnels font parfois des erreurs, par exemple en France certains appelleraient les pains au chocolat des "chocolatines"🤔
Gros ≠ baraqué
Good luck with that ...
But can you fix the new 4 series ?
It depends on you, theoretically you could take your whole car apart ... &gt; Basically, will I need this? Depends on what you want to do. Replace your wipers and do oil changes ? Then it's probably overkill. On the other hand, this will probably cover all your needs for life if you don't use these tools daily and you'll be glad to have the right tool when you need it ...
Right, we should carry sanitary pads instead of the people who actually need them and have big ass purse with them all the time ... Also even if you do carry them on you and there's a maiden in distress, her first reaction will be to discreetly ask another female, you know the people who are much more likely to have that kind of item on them ...
Da scheint das Problem eher bei dir und deiner Wahrnehmung zu liegen, das hat schon fast paranoide Züge ...
Ach so, Corona ...
Il a l'air périmé ce sandwich au thon ...
Toujours accepter l'héritage sous réserve d'inventaire
Un peu comme en France, il suffit de remplacer 180 par 130 et "portions en travaux" par péages 👍
Peut-être qu'il préfere garder l'argent pour lui au lieu de le donner à quelqu'un d'autre ? 🤔
Nein danke, ich esse lieber Butter von Kühen die einen Beitrag zum Erhalt der Kulturlandschaft in unseren Berggebieten leisten als Palmölpaste für deren Herstellung Urwald und damit der Lebensraum von Orang-Utans zerstört wird ...
Dann gibt es noch die Leute die ein ganz hübsches Gesicht haben wenn sie ein paar Pfunde zuviel auf den Hüften haben und nachdem sie abgenommen haben sehen sie Scheisse aus wenn das Fett aus dem Gesicht verschwunden ist ...
Larven : "Hey ! Finger weg, wir wohnen jetzt hier !"
Freut mich dass du daran Spass hast und nein, Wälder machen mir keine Angst. Es geht dabei eher um alles was mit der Vergandung zusammenhängt, zB. Rückgang der Artenvielfalt, Bergflucht, Attraktivitätsverlust von touristischen Gebieten (Wald gibts überall, dafür braucht man nicht in die Berge zu gehen) und ausserdem möchte ich auch Lebensmittel kaufen können die nicht von Grosskonzernen industriell hergestellt wurden ...
Il suffit d'habiter à la campagne, ici on connaît forcément quelqu'un qui a des cerises en trop. Il y a aussi les arbres plantés devant ma boîte l'année dernière qui se révèlent être des cerisiers, ils sont encore très jeunes et croulent presque sous le poids des cerises. Dommage que je ne suis pas vraiment fan de cerises, mon truc c'est plutôt les pommes, surtout sous forme liquide ...
Vas-y fonce, pour le logement normalement tu trouveras facilement des chambres/studios meublés à la frontière. C'est pas le grand luxe et c'est souvent assez cher pour ce que c'est mais ça fera bien l'affaire le temps de trouver quelque chose de correct ...
Hatte den Fall nur ein Mal dass ein Automat meine Münze nicht akzeptiert hat. Ich habe sie dann instinktiv daran gerubbelt und danach hat er sie überraschenderweise geschluckt. Das heißt bei mir liegt die Erfolgsquote bei 100% ...
&gt;Aber RedBull ist ein Marketingunternehmen, welches Fußball als Mittel zum Zweck sieht. Das ist bei SAP, Telekom, VW, Gazprom usw. natürlich ganz anders, die zahlen ihre Millionen nur um den Sport zu fördern und ihren Lieblingsverein zu unterstützen ... Was die Rechtslage betrifft : die Regeln werden 100%ig eingehalten, wenn dir das nicht passt dann beschwer dich doch beim DFB über seine Satzung ...
&gt;aber die Investition in Hoffenheim ist bei ihm eher ein Privatprojekt, da er aus der Gegend kommt und läuft schon länger Ach so, den RB Leipzig gibt es inzwischen schon seit über 10 Jahren, wie lange muss man denn mitmischen damit es für dich ok ist ? &gt;Schalke ist ein e.V. Die Fifa ist auch ein gemeinnütziger Verein, was willst du mir damit sagen ? Es ist einfach Augenwischerei wenn man denkt der eigene Verein ist kein Kommerzverein. Aber Hauptsache man kann guten Gewissens in die "Veltins Arena" gehen wo dann jede freie Fläche doppelt und dreifach mit Werbung zugekleistert ist und die Bratwurst die man mit seiner Schalkebank Karte bezahlt hat geniessen kann im Wissen dass der eigene Verein ein e.V. und kein pöhser Kommerzverein ist der von Russland für Imagezwecke missbraucht wird ...
&gt;zumindest bei einem so emotionalem Thema wie der Fußballkultur Emotional trifft es ganz gut, ich habe einfach ein Problem damit wenn Leute versuchen ihren Hass/ihre Liebe für einen Klub rational zu rechtfertigen denn Besitzverhältnisse hin oder her, am Ende ist jeder Verein nur eine Werbetafel, ob sie für jeden verfügbar ist oder nur für ein einziges Unternehmen ist so ziemlich egal ...
Wieso muss es denn im Fussball unbedingt Demokratie geben ? Bei anderen Unternehmen kräht schliesslich auch kein Hahn danach wenn der Firmengründer alles persönlich entscheidet, es ist halt einfach eine andere Firmenkultur ... Soll doch jeder Verein sich so organisieren wie er will, am Ende zählt nur die Performance und da sieht es für die "autokratisch" geführten Vereine mMn besser aus ...
Toller Vergleich, hast du noch andere kreative, geografische Weisheiten ?
Amen, Bruder ... Die Gesellschaft scheint ausserdem zu verdummen, anders kann ich mir nicht erklären wieso es immer mehr Verschwörungstheoretiker gibt und die Leute es nicht schaffen das Offensichtliche zu erkennen. Jemanden dazu zu überzeugen dass er falsch liegt ist heutzutage ausserdem ein Ding der Unmöglichkeit. Egal was für Argumente man vorbringt, es wird einfach stur auf der eigenen Position beharrt bis man dem Gegenüber ungerechtfertigt irgendein -ismus vorwerfen kann ... Was Veränderung betrifft, da ist der Mensch ab einem bestimmten Alter allgemein eher zögerlich, Stabilität ist etwas positives und Veränderung kann eben auch negativ sein und die meisten wollen nichts neues lernen, das wäre ja anstrengender als wie gewohnt weiterzumachen ... Ich denke was du ansprichst hat eher mit der Gesamtsituation zu tun. Alles wird teurer und komplizierter, wir schlittern gefühlt von einer Rezession in die nächste, der Job kann jederzeit weg sein und jeden Tag entdeckt die Wissenschaft dass die Umwelt noch mehr im Arsch ist als wir bisher dachten. Alles in Allem sind die Zukunftsaussichten ziemlich beschissen und deshalb ist es auch nicht verwunderlich wenn niemand langfristig plant, das war zB in den 80ern nicht so, da war die Grundstimmung positiv weil alles was neu war war besser als das alte, die Leute trugen bunte Kleider und hatten keine Existenzängste und das ist heutzutage halt nicht so ...
Ich sage ja nicht dass es keine Probleme gab, aber die Leute sahen positiv in die Zukunft. Heutzutage überwiegen die schlechten Nachrichten und deshalb sieht die Zukunft auch düster aus ...
Sounds like you made chocolatines instead. It can happen if something goes wrong while making pains au chocolat
J'éviterai Tesla, c'est cher avec une finition des années 60 et bonne chance s'il te faut une pièce oem ou que tu dois appeller leur sav ...
Allume un feu et balance le dedans
Quand on prend en compte le rendement max., la fiscalité peu avantageuse et qu'en plus il faut encore payer quelqu'un, il peut tout aussi bien laisser son argent sur son compte ... Je te rappelle que le but de l'opération c'est quand même de tirer un peu de bénéfice ...
&gt;One thing I’ve heard is that America is one of the best places to live if you’re rich and one of the worst places if you’re poor, which seems pretty accurate to me. Both cases represent only a minority, most people fall in between and for middle class people, living in Europe is much better IMHO since it's much easier for them to fall into the poor category in the US ...
Plus rapide et avec une petite pause pour se dégourdir les jambes ? Effectivement, ça me semble être le meilleur trajet ...
Mouais, avec beaucoup de créativité ou de mauvaise foi on peut voir beaucoup de choses dans un texte et ton interpretation en dit plus sur toi que sur l'auteur ...
C'est du méta, tu devrais sortir un peu du FL de temps en temps ...
Mimimimi ... Ich konzentrier mich halt auf meine Arbeit und wenn ich nichts zu tun habe dann gibts immer noch die Kollegen mit denen man Spass haben kann. Wenn man immer nur auf die Uhr schaut und man sich mental nicht beschäftigt dann verlangsamt sich die Zeit automatisch. Ausserdem bezweifle ich stark dass das dein Traumberuf ist wenn du damit nicht klarkommst ...
Das ist überhaupt nicht wilkürlich festgelegt, während der Industrialisierung haben die Gewerkschaften dafür gekämpft die Arbeitszeit von 12+ Std/Tag auf 8 Std. zu begrenzen (8 Std. Schlaf/8 Std. Arbeit/8 Std. Freizeit). In den Nachkriegsjahren brummte die Wirtschaft, die Leute hatten plötzlich genug Geld für Autos und Freizeitaktivitäten und deshalb ging man eher dazu über den Samstag als zweiten Ruhetag einzuführen als die tägliche Arbeitszeit herabzusetzen. Heutzutage sind wegen der steigenden Urbanisierung (und dem damit verbundenen Verkehrschaos) und der Digitalisierung eher so Sachen wie Homeoffice und flexible Arbeitszeit im Trend. Dank Corona haben viele die Vorteile Homeoffice erfahren und werden bei Bewerbungsgesprächen verstärkt danach fragen. Durch Firmen die für Fachkräfte attraktiv bleiben wollen, wird Homeoffice sich wohl auch in Zukunft weiterverbreiten ...
Erst versuchen mich herabzuwürdigen, dann mich mehrmals beleidigen und mich dann genau diesen Dingen zu bezichtigen ist also deine Definition von geistiger Reife ? Na dann, ich wünsche dir viel Glück im Leben, du wirst es brauchen denn durch dein Verhalten und deine Unfähigkeit dich selbst zu hinterfragen wirst du noch öfters ein Opfer sein ...
Ach so jetzt bin ich also schon "mittleren Alters" ... Ich würde ja lachen, aber du tust mir einfach nur Leid mit deinen verzweifelten Gaslighting Versuchen ...
They do, just brush their back with a wad of cash
Es gab aber auch keine Anzeichen ...
Hat es nicht, lies dir seinen Kommentar nochmal durch ...
Geklappt, es fehlt ein Verb ...
On en reparlera vers la fin du siècle quand tous les réfugiés climatiques se disputent le Québec ...
I love how some people act like you can't influence kids and their behaviour ... The amount of parents being glued to their phone all day long instead of engaging with their kids and parenting them is staggering. And no, yelling at them all the time like a choleric isn't a valid parenting strategy ...
Doch !
Where is the "healthy, balanced homecooked meal" option ?
54 hp might have been the original power but I can almost guarantee that it has &lt;50 hp now.
Spartan society : husband/wife inherits all the money Women : "You absolutely need to go fight in the war for uh ... glory and to show your manliness"
Yes, I've been to church
Tja meine Erfahrung basiert auf 10 Monaten Militärdienst und die Armeeangehörigen die ich persönlich kenne ... Von meinem mental highground runterkommen ? Tut mir Leid aber ich kann und möchte meinen IQ nicht willentlich einschränken um mit dir auf einer Ebene zu sein. Traurig, wenn man keine Ahnung hat und man es trotz gescheitertem virtue signalling immer weiter versucht ...
[Klar, und du bist ein Hund](https://ibb.co/B3h01kK)
Wo habe ich etwas von Bundeswehr geschrieben ? Und wo dass ich bei der Bundeswehr war ? Das bezieht sich aufs Militär im Allgemeinen ... &gt;Du kommst aus dem Land der Nazi Gold horter. Und wo kommst du nochmal her ?
Ach so, jetzt bin ich auch noch ein Rassist ? Nach deinem letzten geistigen Tiefflug dachte ich nicht dass man noch tiefer sinken kann, aber du hast das Gegenteil bewiesen, Respekt !
&gt; I would have written it the exact same way today as I did then. Sounds like you already peaked, it's all downhill from now ...
[Here](https://imgur.com/gallery/enPvV)'s an imgur gallery of different dishes and how to make them if you're interested in more stuff (other recipes are at the end of the gallery)
Ma mère avait appris à cuisiner, coudre etc. à l'école, ses camarades masculins quant à eux ont appris le maniement des outils pour faire des petits travaux à la maison. Il faudrait la même chose pour les deux sexes, ça m'a l'air bien plus utile que d'essayer de faire apprendre a des ados à jouer la flûte ...
Si je suis ton raisonnement, l'école ne sert donc à rien puisque tout le monde peut tout apprendre en autodidacte et des gens débrouillards qui savent affronter la plupart des problèmes dans la vie seraient mauvais pour la société ? Sérieux, il suffit de regarder certains posts/commentaires ici pour voir que nous vivons dans une société de plus en plus décalée de la réalité et que pour la plupart des gens construire un canapé a partir de palettes c'est le plus gros projet de leur vie ...
Barre-toi avec le chat et les bons souvenirs. La maintenant ça va faire mal et la guérison prendra un peu de temps mais après tu sera content d'avoir excisé la tumeur et tu te porteras bien mieux qu'avant 👍
En même temps la France n'a pas joué un grand rôle dans la guerre froide alors que l'Allemagne était un enjeu stratégique pour les deux côtés ...
Il suffit d'une simple dispute avec ta copine pour qu'elle appelle les flics, leur ment et tu perds ton boulot, tes amis et tes économies, même si tu seras acquitté ... Un autre classique semble être accuser son mari de violences conjugales lors du divorce pour recevoir la maison et lui faire payer un max. Si par la suite il n'arriverait pas à payer la pension alimentaire, il se retrouve très vite en prison ... Après on s'étonne que le mouvement mgtow a pris une telle ampleur et que ses membres sont si misogynes ..
Je te rappelle qu'on parle des usa. &gt;Concrètement ça arrive jamais et la femme est à risque quand elle fait ça, c'est un crime une fausse accusation de viol. Il y a assez de témoignages sur Reddit qui te contredisent. Dans les faits la fausse victime ne risque pas grand chose, souvent même rien du tout ... Non seulement c'est pas très sain pour les relations entre les deux sexes, mais en plus ça complique le combat des vraies victimes d'agressions sexuelles ...
Und damit auch Kohle sparen
Wegen sowas behalten alte Leute ihr Auto obwohl sie eigentlich nicht mehr fahren sollten ...
Sorry, aber erst erschossen dann Pfefferspray und dann nochmal erschossen ? Wie geht das ?
Des fois il ne faut pas grand chose pour créer une nouvelle expression. Donc oui, là il se peut très bien que maintenant ca se dit vraiment ...
On appelle ça un "modo" par ici
Guess what, there are guys that can kill other guys easily too, being a guy also means it's much likelier that your attacker will use a weapon aswell. But I guess being vigilant in sketchy situations and feeling fear isn't your idea of what a man has to be ...
Demande toi pourquoi tu économises tant l'argent ? Est ce que ce que tu fais tu le fais pour arriver à un but ? Tu veux faire quoi de ton argent ? Prendre la retraite à 45 ans ? Acheter de l'immo ? Si tu économises sans but précis et sans compter le temps que tu y consacres, c'est que tu as un problème et que tu devrais en parler à un professionnel ...
Kleine Frage(n) am Rande die nur indirekt mit dem Bild zu tun hat : in letzter Zeit hat jeder Hund/jedes Schwein das ich auf einem Bild sehe so ein "Julius K9" Geschirr an, wieso ? Woher kommt das ? Gabs die irgendwo gratis oder ist das der einzige Hersteller von Hundegeschirr ? Und wieso überhaupt ein Geschirr ? Was ist mit dem guten alten Halsband ? Ist das jetzt auch verboten oder was ?
Easy, just make sure to bury the client with the body they bring you. It's not like they told someone where they were going ...
Enjoy your slowed down iphone while we have brand new stuff that you might only see in the next gen iphones ...
Klarer Anfängerfehler, du hättest deine Mutter als Fahrerin outen sollen ...
Pourtant tout ce que j'ai énuméré ce trouve dans un supermarché bien fourni, même les Maultaschen et Schupfnudeln qui sont des spécialités souabes la marque Bürger se trouve partout en Allemagne. Leurs Schupfnudeln avec de la compote de pommes c'est juste une tuerie ...
Und dabei solltest du es auch belassen ...
Walking at 5km/h, I can easily overtake a parked Veyron
There's been genocide in Africa between black ethnies and africans sold other africans into slavery, so why is white cops killing blacks ironic ?
Yes, we all evolved from subsaharian africans but not in the sense that we descend from black africans but in the sense that our ancestors happened to live south of the Sahara (east Africa to be precise). There's no "pure" humans anywhere, every human alive today is different to our distant ancestors and yes, that includes modern subsaharan africans ... Just because your looks don't change much, it doesn't mean evolution stopped. Dark skin itself is a fairly recent evolution, before that people were probably light brown like the San people and other modern day african ethnies. Really dark skin only became a thing after we started losing our fur, you don't need dark skin because the fur already protects it from the sun ...
The risks of incest between cousins isn't that high and "defective" individuals would've been quickly sorted out by evolution. Cheetahs are much more inbred than humans (I think they all descend from 7 individuals) and still managed to survive ...
Arizona ice tea
&gt; I would be shocked if you ever came I to contact with anyone that isnt part of your tribe. Yeah, but the implication ...
It's wrong anyway. "Humans" isn't clearly defined, it's also used to refer to the genus _homo_ and as such, Neanderthals are humans too ...
Yeah, why can't they just let armed people kill them and let terrorists kill people ?
Wenn die Sprache in deinem Herkunftsland weder u noch ü kennt und du eigentlich "Mllr" heisst und dann nach Deutschland kommst kann es eben passieren dass manche dann plötzlich Müller, Mullar oder Möller heissen
Das hat nichts mit Autofahrern zu tun, Arschlöcher gibts auch auf Fahrrädern und zu Fuss ...
&gt;Moos des Jahres 2010 Scheint sich um ein Qualitätsmoos zu handeln 👍
Soviel ich weiss produzieren junge Bäume einen roten Farbstoff um sich gegen zuviel Sonnenlicht zu schützen, vielleicht ist das ja hier auch der Fall ?
Schonmal darüber nachgedacht dass vor dieser ganzen "Kontroverse" niemand, aber wirklich niemand der einen Schwarzen rassistisch beleidigen wollte das Wort "Mohrenkopf" verwendet hat (sondern beim klassischen Neger/Affe usw. geblieben wäre) und nur durch den ganzen Zirkus diese Wort überhaupt wieder in dieses Licht gerückt wurde ? Ein paar Videos von vor 06/2020 würden mir übrigens schon reichen damit ich meine Meinung komplett ändere ...
Einfach nur bitter, wie das Leben selbst
Der Reaktor läuft übrigens wieder seit 14 Uhr und ist bis jetzt noch nicht explodiert
2 Wörter : Mesh Sneaker
Akzeptieren sie auch Schwarzfahrer ?
Wie klein die Welt doch ist, 2 Dörfer weiter wohnt meine Oma und mein Onkel ...
Einsamer sucht Einsame zum einsamen
Mountains, hot beaches, cold beaches, forests, cities, you got the same thing in France, except you don't have to cross half a continent ...
I'm this guy, I macroed everything I could which saves me at least an hour every day ...
